<doc id="20521876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521876" title="Big Barn Farm">
Big Barn Farm

Big Barn Farm is a British children's television series following the lives of four young animals on a farm which uses a combination of live-action and animation. It was produced by The Foundation and commissioned by Michael Carrington for the BBC children's channel Cbeebies. It was narrated by Ben Fairman in series 1 and Dave Lamb in series 2.
Setting.
The programme is set on a farm and follows the adventures of four young animals Petal the piglet, Gobo the goat, Dash the donkey, and Digger the puppy, called the Farmyard Bunch. The storylines are told from the young animals' point of view and revolve around their emotions and the situations they find themselves in. In each adventure the Farmyard Bunch explore their friendships whilst discovering their roles on the farm with help from the other farm animals. Each episode constitutes an individual story, usually involving the main characters getting into some minor difficulty and pulling together to get out of that difficulty. There is no narrative thread to the episodes, each standing on its own without the need for prior understanding or any loose ends at the end. 
The series aims to help children understand the importance of friendship, develop knowledge of the world around them and help develop problem solving skills. 
Before the show airs, the CBeebies presenter may encourage the young viewers to sing along with the theme song, which is sung very fast and provides some basic information about each of the main characters. The closing song is similar, but longer and details all of the animal characters, including the minor ones.
Production.
Big Barn Farm was created and produced by The Foundation, which is part of the RDF Media group, the programme combines footage of real animals with animation. The visual effects were created by Ian Carley, at iCarley Media, and James Kearsley, at JK Studios, using 450 individual shots of talking animals. The Executive Producer for Cbeebies was Sarah Colclough. 
The set was created around a flint stable block and a barn which were not part of a real working farm. The animals lived on set or nearby during filming. 
A DVD of Big Barn Farm, titled "Welcome to Big Barn Farm" was released on 17 November 2008.
Characters.
Other Characters.
The main animal characters on the farm include:
There are also several human characters who feature in the programme but do not speak, the farmer (played by Chris Noel), the farmer's wife (played by Laura Wyles), the farmer's son (played by Reef Matthews), and the farmer's daughter (played by Katie Parks).

</doc>
<doc id="20521892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521892" title="Barlı">
Barlı

Barlı is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,585.

</doc>
<doc id="20521899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521899" title="List of 1999 box office number-one films in the United Kingdom">
List of 1999 box office number-one films in the United Kingdom

This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekend box office in the United Kingdom during 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20521900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521900" title="Bağbanlı, Quba">
Bağbanlı, Quba

Bağbanlı is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,562.

</doc>
<doc id="20521905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521905" title="Timiryazev, Azerbaijan">
Timiryazev, Azerbaijan

Timiryazev is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,322.

</doc>
<doc id="20521909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521909" title="Qaraçay">
Qaraçay

Qaraçay is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,245.

</doc>
<doc id="20521917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521917" title="İsnov">
İsnov

İsnov is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,014. The municipality consists of the villages of İsnov, Qasımqışlaq, Mahmudqışlaq, Kələnov, and Çayqışlaq. 

</doc>
<doc id="20521922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521922" title="Paşaoba">
Paşaoba

Paşaoba is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 993.

</doc>
<doc id="20521926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521926" title="Qımılqazma">
Qımılqazma

Qımılqazma (also, Qımıl-qazma) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 889. The municipality consists of the villages of Qımılqazma and Küsnətqazma.

</doc>
<doc id="20521936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521936" title="İsnovqışlaq">
İsnovqışlaq

İsnovqışlaq is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 871.

</doc>
<doc id="20521939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521939" title="Matthew Reinhart">
Matthew Reinhart

Matthew Christian Reinhart (born 21 September 1971) is an American writer and illustrator of children's pop-up books and picture books. His most recent books, including "Star Wars: The Pop-up Guide to the Galaxy", "Encyclopedia Mythologica: Fairies and Other Magical Creatures" (with Robert Sabuda), and "Brava, Strega Nona!" (with Tomie DePaola and Robert Sabuda) have received much popular and critical acclaim.
Early life.
Matthew Christian Reinhart was born September 21, 1971 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa to Gary and Judith Reinhart. After Gary joined the U.S. Navy, Matthew and his younger sister, Erin, moved around the United States with their family, living in Florida, Texas, Illinois, California, Virginia and South Carolina. Art was an important part of Reinhart's life since childhood. He drew constantly, as drawing and making crafts were his favorite activities. After high school, however, Reinhart felt a career in art was unlikely, and biology at Clemson University in South Carolina in preparation for medical school. However, this did not satisfy him, and he took various art courses in addition to his required science courses in order to build up a portfolio. After graduation, he moved to New York City for a year before starting medical school. In New York, he met children’s book author Robert Sabuda, with whom Reinhart did volunteer work for a local community center. After Sabuda's book, "Christmas Alphabet", was released to positive reviews, he convinced Reinhart to follow his true calling. The following year, Reinhart attended Pratt Institute in Brooklyn as an industrial design major, concentrating in toy design, though his interests eventually evolved to paper engineering.
Career.
After working with Sabuda on books such as "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz", "A B C Disney" and "Movable Mother Goose", Reinhart made his first entry into the pop-up book field with "The Pop Up Book Of Phobias".
Reinhart has created many award-winning pop-up books, including "Cinderella", "Star Wars: The Pop-Up Guide to the Galaxy" and "Mommy?" (by Maurice Sendak and Arthur Yorinks). He is the co-creator with Robert Sabuda of the "New York Times" best-selling three-volume pop-up series "Encyclopedia Prehistorica". The team’s latest pop-up series is "Encyclopedia Mythologica" which leads off with "Fairies and Magical Creatures" (Candlewick, 2008).
Personal life.
Reinhart continues to work and live in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="20521946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521946" title="Dəlləkli, Quba">
Dəlləkli, Quba

Dəlləkli (known as Petropavlovka until 1992) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 826.

</doc>
<doc id="20521954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521954" title="Amsarqışlaq">
Amsarqışlaq

Amsarqışlaq is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 825.

</doc>
<doc id="20521981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521981" title="Jardin botanique des Montagnes Noires">
Jardin botanique des Montagnes Noires

The Jardin botanique des Montagnes Noires (6 hectares) is a botanical garden specializing in conifers, located in Le Fell, Spezet, Finistère, Brittany, France. It is open daily; an admission fee is charged.
The garden was established in 1995 and dedicated primarily to conifers. It currently contains about 700 species in total, including 500 conifer taxa as well as bamboos, camellias, heather, magnolias, rhododendrons, and roses.

</doc>
<doc id="20521998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521998" title="Pop (Gas album)">
Pop (Gas album)

Pop is the final album by Wolfgang Voigt's Gas project. It was released in 2000 on the Mille Plateaux label. At the time of release, reviews noted 'a striking left turn' in the sound, compared to other Gas releases; the album sounds considerably crisper, with a less muffled kickdrum and less of the 'underwater' quality present on other releases under the name. Like all Gas albums, the tracks are untitled.
Reception.
It was named the sixth best album of the decade by Resident Advisor., and the 85th of the decade by online magazine Pitchfork Media.

</doc>
<doc id="20522027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522027" title="Set the Alarm for Monday">
Set the Alarm for Monday

Set The Alarm For Monday is studio album by New York City jazz drummer Bobby Previte & The New Bump. Composition and arrangement is credited to Previte. "The New Bump" refers to a prior Bobby Previte ensemble "Bump the Renaissance" of 1998. The New Bump includes Ellery Eskelin on tenor saxophone, Steve Bernstein on trumpet, Bill Ware on vibraphone, Brad Jones on bass, Jim Pugliese on percussion and Previte on drums. 
The tracks are composed as a suite. Also, the provocative song titles and suspenseful recordings "suggest an evocative film-noir atmosphere".

</doc>
<doc id="20522030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522030" title="Castle (TV series)">
Castle (TV series)

Castle is an American crime drama television series, which premiered on ABC on March 9, 2009. The series is produced jointly by Beacon Pictures and ABC Studios. Created by Andrew W. Marlowe, it primarily traces the lives of Richard Castle (Nathan Fillion), a best-selling mystery novelist, and Kate Beckett (Stana Katic), an NYPD homicide detective, as they solve various unusual crimes in New York City. Detective Beckett is initially infuriated at the thought of working with a writer and goes to great lengths to keep him out of her way. However, the two soon start developing feelings for each other. The overarching plot of the series focuses on the romantic tension between the two lead characters, as well as the unsolved homicide of Beckett's mother.
Premise.
"Castle" follows Nathan Fillion as Richard Castle, a famous mystery novelist who has killed off the main character in his book series and has writer's block. He is brought in by the NYPD for questioning regarding a copy-cat murder based on one of his novels. He is intrigued by this new window into crime and murder, and uses his connection with the Mayor to charm his way into shadowing Detective Kate Beckett, played by Stana Katic. Castle decides to use Beckett as the model for Nikki Heat, the main character of his next book series. Beckett, an avid reader of Castle's books, initially disapproves of having Castle shadow her on her cases, but later warms up and recognizes Castle as a useful resource in her team's investigations.
Cast.
Recurring characters.
Real-life writers Stephen J. Cannell, James Patterson, Dennis Lehane, and Michael Connelly appear as themselves during periodic games of poker at Castle's apartment. Typically, they discuss Castle and Beckett's current case and tease Castle about his involvement with Beckett. On September 30, 2010, Cannell died in real life. The characters kept an empty chair at the poker table in his honor for a year.
Broadcast history.
"Castle" premiered as a midseason replacement on ABC on March 9, 2009. ABC renewed "Castle" for a second season with an initial order of 13 episodes; ABC later extended the order to 22, then 24 episodes. The second season premiered on Monday, September 21, 2009. In March 2010, ABC renewed "Castle" for a third, 22 episode season, which began on September 20, 2010. On November 11, 2010, ABC extended the episode order to 24. On January 10, 2011, ABC announced "Castle" had been renewed for a fourth season for 22 episodes. Season four premiered on September 19, 2011. On December 8, 2011, ABC ordered an additional episode bringing season 4 up to 23 episodes. On January 12, 2012 the series won two awards at the People's Choice Awards, including Favorite TV Crime Drama and Favorite TV Drama Actor (Fillion). Again on January 9, 2013 the series won two awards at the People's Choice Awards, including Favorite TV Crime Drama and Favorite TV Drama Actor (Fillion). The show has also won four awards in "TV Guide" Magazine's Fan Favorite Awards, including Favorite Drama Series and also Award for Favorite Couple three years in a row. The show has had a gradual increase in ratings since its pilot episode was watched by an estimated 10.76 million viewers. On May 10, 2012, "Castle" was renewed for a fifth season by ABC, which started on Monday September 24, 2012. Two additional episodes were ordered on October 19, 2012 and February 5, 2013, respectively. This brings season 5 up to a total of 24 episodes. On May 10, 2013, ABC announced via Twitter that "Castle" had been renewed for a sixth season.
U.S. Nielsen ratings.
The Season 2 episode "Boom!" (the finale of a two-part episode featuring Dana Delany) not only attracted the highest audience of the show's run (14.5 million viewers), but was also the highest rated show on ABC in its time slot in 14 years.
Syndication.
In June 2011, TNT acquired exclusive cable rights from Disney-ABC Domestic Television to air the first two seasons of "Castle" beginning in the summer of 2012. In advance of the series' fourth season, TNT broadcast an eight-hour marathon of episodes on September 15, 2011, including five from season 3. "Castle" began airing on TNT every Wednesday beginning September 26, 2012. "Castle" also began airing in broadcast syndication on weekends beginning September 29, 2012.
Tie-in works.
In the series, Castle writes a novel titled "Heat Wave". As a tie-in, ABC and sister publisher Hyperion Books released that novel as a real book (ISBN 978-1-4013-2382-0) with "Richard Castle" as the author. It is entirely in character from the dedication to the acknowledgments, although the latter mentions the principal cast and the show's creators by first name. ABC released the first half of the novel in weekly increments on their website. The complete novel was published in September 2009 as a hardcover, debuting at No. 26 on "The New York Times" Best Seller list. In its fourth week on the list, "Heat Wave" broke into the top 10 at #6. "Heat Wave" was released in paperback (ISBN 978-1-4013-1040-0) on July 27, 2010 and debuted at No. 34 on "The New York Times" bestseller Paperback Mass-Market list. It once again appeared on "The New York Times" bestseller list on May 27, 2012 at #19.
"Naked Heat" (ISBN 978-1-4013-2402-5), the sequel to "Heat Wave", was released on September 28, 2010. "Naked Heat" debuted at No. 7 on the New York Times Best Seller list. As they did with "Heat Wave", ABC released a series of the early chapters online as a promotional tool.
A third novel, titled "Heat Rises" (ISBN 978-1-4013-2443-8), was released on September 20, 2011. It debuted at No. 1 on "The New York Times" bestseller list on October 9, 2011 and at No. 5 on the "USA TODAY" Best-Selling Books list.
The season three finale introduced a graphic novel based on Castle's previous novel character, Derrick Storm. "Castle: Richard Castle's Deadly Storm" was published by Marvel Comics on September 28, 2011. It debuted at No. 3 on "The New York Times" bestseller list on October 16, 2011.
A fourth novel, titled "Frozen Heat" (ISBN 978-1-4013-2444-5), was released on September 11, 2012, and debuted on "The New York Times" bestseller list at No. 7 on September 23, 2012.
The fifth Nikki Heat novel "Deadly Heat" was released September 17, 2013 and debuted at No. 8 on the "New York Times" bestseller list.
In February 2012, Hyperion announced three e-book novellas to Richard Castle's famous Derrick Storm series. The first novella of the series, "A Brewing Storm", was released in digital media on May 1, 2012. It debuted at No. 13 on "The New York Times" E-Book Fiction bestseller list, as well as No. 18 on the "New York Times" Combine Prints & E-book Fiction list on May 20, 2012.
On July 3, 2012, the second novella of the new Derrick Storm books, "A Raging Storm", was released in e-book format. It landed on "The New York Times" bestseller e-books list at #19 and at No. 31 for the combined Prints & E-book list, both on July 22, 2012.
The final Derrick Storm novella, "A Bloody Storm", was released on August 7, 2012. It debuted on the "New York Times" bestseller e-books list at #20 and at #34 on the combined Prints & E-book list on August 26, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20522031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522031" title="Əliməmmədoba">
Əliməmmədoba

Əliməmmədoba is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 825.

</doc>
<doc id="20522036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522036" title="U.S.–Iraq Status of Forces Agreement">
U.S.–Iraq Status of Forces Agreement

The U.S.–Iraq Status of Forces Agreement (official name: "Agreement Between the United States of America and the Republic of Iraq On the Withdrawal of United States Forces from Iraq and the Organization of Their Activities during Their Temporary Presence in Iraq") was a status of forces agreement (SOFA) between Iraq and the United States, signed by President George W. Bush in 2008. It established that U.S. combat forces would withdraw from Iraqi cities by June 30, 2009, and all U.S. forces will be completely out of Iraq by December 31, 2011. The pact required criminal charges for holding prisoners over 24 hours, and required a warrant for searches of homes and buildings that were not related to combat. U.S. contractors working for U.S. forces would have been subject to Iraqi criminal law, while contractors working for the State Department and other U.S. agencies would retain their immunity. If U.S. forces committed still undecided "major premeditated felonies" while off-duty and off-base, they would have been subjected to an undecided procedures laid out by a joint U.S.-Iraq committee if the U.S. certified the forces were off-duty.
The agreement expired at midnight on December 31, 2011, even though the United States completed its final withdrawal of troops from Iraq on December 16, 2011. The symbolic ceremony in Baghdad officially "cased" (retired) the flag of U.S. forces in Iraq, according to army tradition.
The Iraqi government also approved a Strategic Framework Agreement with the United States, aimed at ensuring international cooperation including minority ethnicity, gender, and belief interests and other constitutional rights; threat deterrence; exchange students; education; and cooperation in the areas of energy development, environmental hygiene, health care, information technology, communications, and law enforcement.
Several groups of Iraqis protested the passing of the SOFA accord as prolonging and legitimizing the occupation, and Grand Ayatollah Ali Husseini al-Sistani expressed concerns with the ratified version. Some other Iraqis expressed skepticism that the U.S. would completely end its presence by 2011. U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates had predicted that after 2011 he would have expected to see "perhaps several tens of thousands of American troops" as part of a residual force in Iraq. Some Americans had discussed "loopholes" and some Iraqis had said they believed parts of the pact remained a "mystery".
Negotiations.
American-led Coalition forces participating in the 2003 invasion of Iraq were initially subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of their parent states. After the handover of sovereign power to an Iraqi administration, Coalition forces in Iraq were nominally subject to Iraqi jurisdiction, and operated without any Status of Forces Agreement.
In theory, Iraqi Courts had the right to try Coalition forces for any alleged offenses, though this right was never exercised.
In an interview January 24, 2008, US Defense Secretary Robert Gates indicated that work on a SOFA had barely been started.
On July 1, 2008, Zebari said he briefed members of the Iraqi Parliament that U.S. contractors would no longer have immunity from Iraqi prosecution under negotiated terms of the long-term security pact. U.S. State Department officials could not be immediately reached for comment, but Iraqi member of parliament Mahmoud Othman said he attended the meeting and that Iraqi representatives were very pleased with the immunity agreement.
On July 8, 2008, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani rejected the proposed agreement on the basis that it violates Iraqi sovereignty, following a meeting with Iraq National Security Advisor Mowaffak al-Rubaie.
Rubaie, clarifying remarks by Maliki on July 7 that Iraq would accept a memorandum of understanding in lieu of a SOFA, stated "We will not accept any memorandum of understanding if it does not give a specific date for a complete withdrawal of foreign troops".
Deputy speaker Khaled al-Attiyah also said on July 8 that the Iraqi parliament would insist on vetting any agreement with the United States and would likely veto the agreement if American troops were immune from Iraqi law: "Without doubt, if the two sides reach an agreement, this is between two countries, and according to the Iraqi constitution a national agreement must be agreed by parliament by a majority of two thirds".
On October 16, 2008, after several more months of negotiations, U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice briefed senior U.S. lawmakers on the draft SOFA, and Iraqi Prime Minister Maliki prepared to circulate it with Iraq's Political National Security Council before going on to the Council of Ministers and the Iraqi parliament. Despite a compromise on the issue of jurisdiction over off-duty U.S. troops who commit crimes under Iraqi law, issues related to the timeline for U.S. withdrawal and Iraqi insistence on "absolute sovereignty" remained.
Approval process.
On 16 November, Iraq's Cabinet approved the agreements; on 27 November, the Iraqi Parliament ratified them; on December 4, Iraq's presidential council approved the security pacts.
Approval by Iraqi Cabinet.
On November 16, 2008, Iraq's Cabinet approved the agreement, which cited the end of 2009 for the pull out of U.S. troops from Iraqi cities, and 2011 as the fixed deadline for removal of U.S. military presence in country. U.S. concessions involved a ban on U.S. forces searching and raiding homes without Iraqi approval, the right of Iraqis to search shipments of weapons and packages entering the country for U.S. recipients, and the right of Iraq's justice system to prosecute American troops for serious crimes under some circumstances. The vote was passed by 27 of the 37-member cabinet, of which nine members were absent and one opposing. The agreement then went before Parliament. However, on November 19 the Iraqi Parliament was adjourned for a day after lawmakers loyal to Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr shouted down the second reading of the agreement's text. Speaker Mahmoud al-Mashhadani adjourned the session after Sadrist MP Ahmed al-Massoudi aggressively approached a lawmaker from the ruling coalition, who was reading aloud the text of the agreement.
The Aswat al-Iraq news agency reported a mixed reaction among the Iraqi population at large to news of cabinet approval of the agreement. Residents of Sadr City in Baghdad, a stronghold of Muqtada al-Sadr, said they believed the agreement was signed too quickly, while a broader 'vox pop' of Iraqis around the country said they thought the agreement would become a point of contention
The same day, Secretaries Gates and Rice held classified briefings for U.S. lawmakers behind closed doors, and neither official commented to reporters. Democratic Representative William Delahunt said: "There has been no meaningful consultation with Congress during the negotiations of this agreement and the American people for all intents and purposes have been completely left out". And Oona Hathaway, Professor Law at the University of California at Berkeley called the lack of consultation with United States Congress unprecedented, asserting that aspects of the accord exceed the independent constitutional powers of the President of the United States.
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki warned Iraq would not seek to extend the UN mandate of U.S. troops and they would pull out immediately if the Iraqi parliament failed to approve a pact. Tariq al Hashimi, the country's Sunni Muslim vice president, complained the U.S. would cease providing many "wide-scale services" if Iraq did not approve the pact. Hashimi said many Iraqis looked "to this attitude as a matter of blackmailing".
First signing of the agreement.
On November 17, 2008, the Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshiyar Zebari and U.S. ambassador Ryan Crocker signed the agreement in an official ceremony.
Ratification by Iraqi Parliament.
On November 27, 2008, the Iraqi Parliament ratified a Status of Forces Agreement with the United States, establishing that U.S. combat forces will withdraw from Iraqi cities by June 30, 2009, and all U.S. forces will be completely out of Iraq by December 31, 2011, but allowing for further negotiation if the Iraqi Prime Minister believes Iraq is not stable enough. The pact requires criminal charges for holding prisoners over 24 hours, and requires a warrant for searches of homes and buildings that are not related to combat. U.S. contractors will be subject to Iraqi criminal law. If U.S. forces commit still undecided "major premeditated felonies" while off-duty and off-base, they will be subject to the still undecided procedures laid out by a joint U.S.-Iraq committee if the U.S. certifies the forces were off-duty. A referendum of Iraqis will be held in mid-2009 on the pact, which may require Coalition forces to leave by the middle of 2010. Parliament also passed another U.S.-Iraqi bilateral pact called the Strategic Framework Agreement, aimed at ensuring minority Sunni interests and constitutional rights.
In Iraq's Parliament, the pact was supported by 149 of 275 members (~54%) from SCIRI, Dawa, the two Kurdish parties and members of the Sunni-based Iraqi Accord Front. The pact was opposed by 35 members, mostly from the Sadrist bloc. 91 members did not vote, fearing for their future if they said yes, others fearing the same if they said no.
Approval by Presidency Council.
The Presidency Council of Iraq consists of one President and two deputies, or Vice-Presidents. The Council currently consists of Kurdish President Jalal Talabani, Shi'a Vice President Adel Abdul Mahdi, and Sunni Vice President Tariq Al-Hashimi. The Council must agree to all decisions unanimously.
On December 4, 2008, Iraq's presidential council approved the security pact. "Nothing has been changed (in the accord)", presidency secretary Nasir al-Ani said after it was reviewed by the body. The council decision marks the final hurdle for the pact in terms of Iraqi government or legislative approval.
Reaction to approval.
United States.
Some anonymous U.S. officials and specialists who follow the war have argued they believe that parts of the agreement may be circumvented and that other parts may be open to interpretation, including: the parts giving Iraqi legal jurisdiction over United States soldiers who commit crimes off base and off duty, the part requiring for US troops to obtain Iraqi permission for all military operations, and the part banning the United States from staging attacks on other countries from Iraq. For example, administration officials have argued that Iraqi prosecution of U.S. soldiers could take three years, by which time the U.S. will have withdrawn from Iraq under the terms of the agreement. In the interim, U.S. troops will remain under the jurisdiction of America's Uniform Code of Military Justice. Michael O'Hanlon, of the Brookings Institution research group, said there are "these areas that are not as clear cut as the Iraqis would like to think."
U.S. President George W. Bush hailed the passing of the agreement between the two countries. "The Security Agreement addresses our presence, activities, and withdrawal from Iraq", Bush said. He continued that "two years ago, this day seemed unlikely - but the success of the surge and the courage of the Iraqi people set the conditions for these two agreements to be negotiated and approved by the Iraqi parliament".
Army planners have privately acknowledged they are examining projections that could see the number of Americans hovering between 30,000 and 50,000, but maybe as high as 70,000, for a substantial time beyond 2011. Pentagon planners say those currently counted as combat troops could be "re-missioned" and that their efforts could be redefined as training and support for the Iraqis. Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen has also said "three years is a long time. Conditions could change in that period of time".
In a letter to U.S. military personnel about new rules of engagement, Gen. Ray Odierno said that U.S. forces would reduce their visibility but that this does not mean "any reduction in our fundamental ability to protect ourselves". Odierno wrote that U.S. forces would coordinate "operations with the approval of the GoI (Government of Iraq), and we will conduct all operations by, with, and through the Iraqi Security Forces...Despite some adjustments to the way we conduct operations, the agreement simply reinforces transitions that are already underway, and I want to emphasize that our overarching principles remain the same", he further wrote.
General Raymond Odierno said that some U.S. forces would remain at local security stations as training and mentoring teams past the June 2009 deadline specified in the status of forces agreement. In contrast, Robert Gates estimated U.S. troops will be "out of cities and populated areas" by June 30. "That's the point at which we will have turned over all 18 provinces to provincial Iraqi control", he predicted. A spokesman for Odierno, Lt. Col. James Hutton, reiterated that the soldiers staying in cities would not be combat forces but rather "enablers," who would provide services such as medical care, air-traffic control and helicopter support that the Iraqis cannot perform themselves. Odierno's comments sparked outrage among some Iraqi lawmakers who say the United States is paving the way for breaching the interim agreement.
When asked by Charlie Rose in a PBS interview how big the American “residual” force would be in Iraq after 2011, Secretary of Defense Gates replied that although the mission would change, “my guess is that you’re looking at perhaps several tens of thousands of American troops”.
Iraq.
To protest an agreement they saw as prolonging a "humiliating" occupation, tens of thousands of Iraqis burned an effigy of George W. Bush in a central Baghdad square where U.S. troops and Iraqi citizens five years previously tore down of a statue of Saddam Hussein. The Iraqi parliament was the scene of many protests before and during the vote.
After the deal passed, over 9,000 Iraqis gathered to protest in Baghdad's eastern suburb of Sadr City. Protesters burned a U.S. flag and held banners reading: "No, no to the agreement". "We condemn the agreement and we reject it, just as we condemn all injustice", Sheikh Hassan al-Husseini told worshippers right after the vote at the weekly Friday prayers in Baghdad.
On December 3, 2008, about 2,000 Iraqi refugees in Syria staged a protest against the Iraq-U.S. military pact saying that the agreement would place Iraq under US domination. "We denounce the security agreement, a shameful and dishonorable agreement of American occupation", read one banner outside a shop in the mostly Shiite neighborhood where the protest occurred. The Association of Muslim Scholars, a group of Sunni religious leaders in Iraq, accused the Iraqi Accord Front, a party which supported the pact, of "selling Iraq" and also denounced the deal as "legitimising the occupation".
Some other Iraqis expressed skeptical optimism that the United States would completely end its occupation in three years.
International.
A majority of foreign troops that have been part of the force in Iraq will depart by December 31, 2008. Forces from Azerbaijan, Poland, Macedonia, Japan, Bosnia, South Korea, and Georgia have left. The Iraqi and British governments are negotiating a security agreement reported to be similar to the Iraq-U.S. status of forces agreement. The pact may be informal and the role of British troops is expected to be minimal by the end of 2009. Along with the British and American military, only a very small number of forces will remain from two or three other countries.
Before the pact was passed by Iraq's parliament, Senior Iranian lawmaker Kazem Jalali said "the Iraqi Parliament should take the interests of the people of Iraq into consideration and make the right decision, worthy of its nation". Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi, the Iranian judiciary chief, said the Iraqi government has done very well regarding this (security pact)".
Syrian officials and academics argue that the pact is a risk to Syria’s security. “The American presence in Iraq, whether permanent or temporary, threatens Syrian security” Syrian vice-president Farouq al-Shara said. President Bashar al-Assad said the deal would turn “Iraq into a launch pad for attacking its neighbours instead of supporting them.” “The continued US presence in the region, with what Newsweek magazine says is the largest embassy in the world Baghdad, means… it will interfere in all of the region’s affairs”, said Jasim Zakariya, a Syrian political analyst. According to Syria, the United States carried out an air strike in September 2008 on a Syrian village killing eight civilians.
Role of Contractors under SOFA.
U.S. contractors working for U.S. forces will be subject to Iraqi criminal law, while contractors working for the State Department and other U.S. agencies may retain their immunity. "The immunity question, the largest question being talked about, is not addressed in the ... agreement", said Alan Chvotkin, who works on behalf of contractors, including Moyock, N.C.-based Blackwater Worldwide. Chvotkin said he believed Blackwater's guards still have immunity under Decree 17 issued by L. Paul Bremer. Blackwater currently has no license to work in Iraq.
December 14, 2008 press conference.
On December 14, 2008, U.S. President George W. Bush signed the security pact with Iraq. In his fourth and final trip to Iraq, the president appeared with Iraq's prime minister and said more work is to be done. During the press conference discussing the signing of the pact with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki in his palace in the heavily fortified Green Zone, President Bush dodged two shoes thrown at him from the audience. The man who threw his shoes, Muntadhar al-Zaidi, an Iraqi journalist with Egypt-based al-Baghdadia television network, could be heard yelling in Arabic: "This is a farewell... you dog!" as he threw his first shoe, and when throwing his second shoe al-Zaidi could be heard yelling: "This is for the widows, the orphans and those who were killed in Iraq!” While pinned on the ground by security personnel, he screamed: "You killed the Iraqis!" As the man’s screaming could be heard outside, Bush said “That’s what people do in a free society, draw attention to themselves."
Two "New York Times" reporters described al-Zaidi as having been "embraced around the Arab world". Al-Zaidi found support from thousands of protesters in Iraq and his employer. A statement released by Al-Baghdadia television said, "Al-Baghdadia television demands that the Iraqi authorities immediately release their stringer Muntadhar al-Zaidi, in line with the democracy and freedom of expression that the American authorities promised the Iraqi people". The "vast majority" of viewers of al-Baghdadia TV who telephoned to the station in order to express their opinions said that they approved al-Zaidi's actions.
The government of Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki called the shoe throwing "a shameful savage act" and demanded a public apology from Al Baghdadia. "The act damaged the reputation of the Iraqi journalists and journalism in general," a statement said.
October 2011 decision to withdraw all American forces.
As reported on Saturday, October 15, 2011, the Obama Administration proceeded with the plan to withdraw American forces from Iraq (barring some last-minute move in the Iraqi parliament when they returned from a break in late November 2011 shortly before the end-of-the-year withdrawal date) because of concerns that they would not have be given immunity from Iraqi courts, a concern for American commanders in the field who also had to worry about the Sadrist response should troops stay and the general state of Iraq's readiness for transfer of power.

</doc>
<doc id="20522044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522044" title="Gənclər">
Gənclər

Gənclər (also, Gənc-lər) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 328.

</doc>
<doc id="20522048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522048" title="Scots civil procedure">
Scots civil procedure

Scots civil procedure governs the procedural rules in the civil courts of Scotland. It deals with the jurisdiction of Scottish civil courts, namely the Court of Session and Sheriff Courts. Civil procedure is generally regulated by Acts of Sederunt which are ordinances passed by the Court of Session. Rules for the functioning of the Court of Session and the sheriff court are provided for by the Scottish Civil Justice Council, as recommended in Lord Gill's "Scottish Civil Courts Review". 
Proposed reform of civil procedure.
In 2009 Lord Gill, the Lord Justice Clerk, delivered his "Scottish Civil Courts Review" which was heralded as the "most far-reaching reform of Scotland's civil justice system in nearly two centuries".
Among his 206 proposals were:
In November 2010 the Scottish Government released its response to the "Review" accepting "the majority of Lord Gill's recommendations" including expressly the following proposals:
In October 2011, the Scottish Government announced consultation on appointments to a new Scottish Civil Justice Council to draft rules of procedure for civil proceedings in the Court of Session and sheriff court. The establishment of the Council was one of Lord Gill's 2009 recommendations.

</doc>
<doc id="20522053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522053" title="Küpçalqışlaq">
Küpçalqışlaq

Küpçalqışlaq (also, Küp-çalqışlaq) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 352.

</doc>
<doc id="20522057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522057" title="List of New Jersey Devils general managers">
List of New Jersey Devils general managers

This article is a list of all-time general managers of the New Jersey Devils, Kansas City Scouts and Colorado Rockies.

</doc>
<doc id="20522058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522058" title="Scots administrative law">
Scots administrative law

Scots administrative law governs the rules of administrative law in Scotland, the body of case law, statutes, secondary legislation and articles which provide the framework of procedures for judicial control over government agencies and private bodies.

</doc>
<doc id="20522060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522060" title="Cağacıq">
Cağacıq

Cağacıq (also, Cağacuq) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 395.

</doc>
<doc id="20522066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522066" title="Ərməkiqışlaq">
Ərməkiqışlaq

Ərməkiqışlaq is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 430.

</doc>
<doc id="20522076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522076" title="Susayqışlaq, Quba">
Susayqışlaq, Quba

Susayqışlaq is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 475.

</doc>
<doc id="20522079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522079" title="Scots family law">
Scots family law

Scots family law is the body of laws in Scotland which regulate certain aspects of adult relationships and the rights and obligations in respect of children. 
Marriage and civil partnership.
Marriage.
There are two types of recognised marriage in Scotland, informal and formal. Both are equally valid under Scots law but, as of 4 May 2006, only formal marriages can now be contracted in Scotland.
Before the Marriage (Scotland) Act 1939, Scots law, following the principles of canon law, recognised three types of informal marriage. Marriage "per verba de praesenti" was constituted where the parties, without any need of a witness, made a mutual declaration to take each other as husband and wife. Marriage "per verba de futuro subsequente copula" was constituted when the parties, having agreed to marry on a future date, had sex. It has not been possible to form either of these irregular marriages since 1 July 1940. Marriage by cohabitation with habit and repute was constituted when the parties agreed to live together as husband and wife and were generally reputed to be married amongst those who knew them well. It has not been possible to form this type of marriage since 4 May 2006 but such marriages that were created before that day continue to be valid, as well as some after in certain narrow circumstances.
Formal marriages are created under and according to the requirements of the Marriage (Scotland) Act 1977. A formal marriage may be formed through either a religious ceremony or a civil ceremony, but both must generally comply with the same procedural requirements. First, the parties must submit what is known as a "marriage notice" to the district registrar responsible for the area they intend to be married in along with birth certificates for each party. The district registrar will then enter the parties' details and the proposed date of the marriage in the local marriage notice book, which gives the public an opportunity to object to the marriage. In order to allow a sufficient amount of time for potential objections to be filed, there is normally a 14-day waiting period between the day the marriage notice is received and the parties can marry, although the registrar can shorten this period in exceptional circumstances. After the 14-day waiting period and the registrar has determined that there are no legal impediments to the marriage, he will issue what is known as the "marriage schedule". If the parties intend to have a religious ceremony, the marriage schedule acts as a licence authorising the celebrant to proceed, in which case the registrar will only issue it 7 days before the ceremony. If after 3 months no marriage schedule is issued because no religious ceremony is to occur, the registrar can require the parties to start again with a new marriage notice.
Civil ceremony.
If the parties choose to have a non-religious ceremony, the district registrar will retain the marriage schedule. The ceremony is normally conducted by the district registrar at his or her office or at another government approved location in the district. The registrar may also conduct the ceremony anywhere in their district if one of the parties is suffering from a serious illness or injury.
Religious ceremony.
A religious ceremony is performed by a person who has been legally authorised by the government to sanction the marriage. The marriage schedule acts as a licence legally authorising the person to sanction the marriage. A religious ceremony may only be performed by (1) a minister of the Church of Scotland, (2) a priest or other marriage celebrant of a religious body prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State, (3) another person nominated by a religious body and registered with the Registrar General of Births, Deaths and Marriages, or (4) any other person over the age of 21 who is temporarily authorised by the Registrar General. After the ceremony, the parties sign the marriage schedule, which must be returned to the district registrar within three days of the ceremony.
Legal impediments to marriage.
There are seven defined impediments to both regular and irregular marriage:
If any of these impediments exist when the marriage is solemnised it will make the marriage void. It is not possible for a person under the age of sixteen to marry, even with parental consent. A party who lacks the capacity to understand or consent to a marriage cannot marry, although legal precedent in Scotland has established that it would take a significant degree of lack of understanding or diminished intelligence before the marriage would be considered void. Extreme intoxication due to alcohol or drugs has been accepted as grounds by courts in the past. Other legal grounds to claim a contract is void under Scots contract law, such as error, have less scope in regards to marriage. For example, a marriage contract is an exception to the general rule in Scots law that an error held by one of the parties induced by the fraudulent misrepresentation of the other makes the contract void. So, a marriage would not be void where a man married a woman because she told him she was pregnant with his child and actually she was not pregnant at all. On the other hand, grounds such as force, fear and duress will normally make the marriage void.
The only recognised ground where a marriage is voidable (i.e. the marriage exists until it is made void through a court order) is the incurable impotency of the husband. The impotency must have existed at the time the marriage was solemnised and continue to exist at the time that the wife seeks to make the marriage void. Impotency in this case is distinguished from sterility and a refusal to have sex, both of which do not make the marriage voidable.
In the situation that a marriage is void or voidable, any legitimately interested party (usually one of the parties to the marriage) can seek a declarator of nullity of marriage from the Court of Session, which will acknowledge that their marriage is void and, in effect, never existed. When making such a ruling the judge has the power to make awards for financial provision, like in a divorce.
Civil partnership.
The Civil Partnership Act 2004 created the status of civil partnership across the United Kingdom. It is distinct from marriage, although the rights and obligations between them are largely the same. The main difference between the two is that a civil partnership must be created through a civil ceremony.
The procedural requirements to create a civil partnership are largely the same as a marriage, except that the marriage notice is replaced with a "notice of proposed civil partnership" and the marriage schedule is replaced with a "civil partnership schedule". The proposed civil partnership is advertised and a 14-day waiting period for objections from the public applies. Once the 14-day waiting period has elapsed and the district registrar has determined there are no legal impediment to the civil partnership, he or she will issue the civil partnership schedule. The civil ceremony to create the civil partnership may occur at the district registrar's office or any other location within the relevant district agreed between the parties and the district registrar. The ceremony, however, cannot take place in religious premises. The parties, two witnesses over the age of sixteen and the district registrar will sign the civil partnership schedule and it will then be registered by the district registrar.
Legal impediments to civil partnership.
There are five legal impediments to forming a civil partnership in Scotland:
If any of these impediments exist when the civil partnership is created it will be void. In Scotland, there are no grounds which will make a civil partnership voidable. If a civil partnership is formed in England and Wales or Northern Ireland and the civil partnership is voidable in those jurisdictions, it will also be voidable in Scotland.
Divorce and dissolution.
Divorce.
Divorce, the legal process by which a marriage is brought to an end, is now regulated by the Divorce (Scotland) Act 1976 as amended by the Family Law (Scotland) Act 2006, which provides two legal grounds for divorce: the, "irretrievable breakdown of the marriage" or where one party has undergone gender reassignment surgery and obtained an interim gender recognition certificate. Irretrievable breakdown is proved by one of the parties to the marriage showing that one or more defined circumstances exist. This eliminates the need for the judge to conduct an intimate examination of the relationship between the parties. There are "fault" and "no fault" grounds provided in the Act, and the speed at which a divorce can be obtained will be determined by what circumstances are relied on in the divorce proceedings. It is not possible for both parties to submit a joint petition for divorce, divorce cases must always have a person seeking the divorce (the pursuer) and a person arguing against the divorce (the defender).
The circumstances that will lead to a finding by the court that there is an irretrievable breakdown of the marriage are: 
Adultery and behaviour.
If the pursuer establishes an irretrievable breakdown of the marriage on grounds of adultery or behaviour then they can obtain a divorce immediately, while the other grounds require some period of prior separation. Circumstantial evidence can be provided to support the claims of the pursuer and the case is determined "on the balance of probability" rather than "beyond a reasonable doubt". Therefore, for example, evidence of a husband staying in a hotel room with another woman for a night will likely establish adultery, even if sexual intercourse cannot be proved. The pursuer cannot seek a divorce based on their own adultery and the adulterous sexual intercourse committed by the defender must have been voluntary. To found a divorce on the behaviour of the defender the behaviour must be such as a reasonable person could not be expected to live with the defender. The behaviour can be from one event, though showing a pattern is more likely to convince the court, and it is irrelevant if the behaviour is passive or active or caused by a mental abnormality. There is no exact list of what behaviour will constitute grounds and the case law is filled with different examples. The finding by the court that the defender is at "fault" for the divorce will, however, not affect the amount of financial provision awarded or arrangements regarding any children.
Separation.
If the parties have not lived together as husband and wife for a period of one year and both parties consent to the divorce then this establishes an irretrievable breakdown of the marriage. The defender's consent to the divorce must be granted at the court proceedings and can be withheld for any reason or no reason at all. According to Stair, the defender to a divorce will often use their granting of consent as a way of bargaining favourable financial provision or arrangements concerning children.
If the defender does not consent to the divorce, then the pursuer will only be able to establish an irretrievable breakdown of the marriage once the couple has not lived together as husband and wife for two years.
Issuing a decree of divorce.
The court will suspend divorce proceedings if there is reason to believe that a reconciliation between the parties is possible. The court can also delay issuing a decree for divorce where one of the parties will be prevented from remarrying on religious grounds and the other party is able to take steps to prevent this impediment from arising, such as through a religious annulment of the marriage. Once the impediment is removed the court will then issue the divorce decree.
Dissolution.
Dissolution, the legal process by which a civil partnership is brought to an end, is regulated by the Civil Partnership Act 2004, which provides two legal grounds for dissolution: the "irretrievable breakdown of the civil partnership" or where one party has undergone gender reassignment surgery and obtained an interim gender recognition certificate. The grounds to establish the existence of an irretrievable breakdown of the civil partnership are the same as divorce, except for adultery. Adultery, as a legal concept, can only take place between a male and female, but if a party in a civil partnership had sexual relations with another person this would fall under the behavioural ground for dissolution. The finding by the court that the defender is at "fault" for the dissolution will, however, not affect the amount of financial provision awarded or arrangements regarding any children. 
As with divorce proceedings, the court will suspend dissolution proceedings where the court has reason to believe that a reconciliation between the parties is possible.
Financial provision.
While a couple are married or in a civil partnership they owe an obligation to financially support one another called "aliment". Aliment, as a legal obligation, can be enforced by the court up until the point that the marriage is brought to an end by divorce or the civil partnership is dissolved. The amount of aliment owed and the amount that a court will consider awarding depends on the needs and resources of the parties, the earning capacities of the parties and the general circumstances of the situation. 
In the event of a decree of divorce or dissolution of a civil partnership being issued by a court, the court will also consider how the shared property and assets of the couple are to be divided. The Family Law (Scotland) Act 1985 sets out detailed provisions on what assets the court can deal with and what considerations are to be taken into account when making any award. Once there is a divorce or dissolution the couple no longer are obliged to provide aliment to each other. The court, however, can make an order for a periodical allowance in certain circumstances, but such orders are more difficult to obtain as they go against the Family Law (Scotland) Act 1985's principle of a "clean break". Other orders such as capital sum payments, transfer of property and orders relating to pension benefits are utilised by the court to reduce the need for future periodical payments of support.
Cohabitation.
Couples who live together but are not married or in a civil partnership have very limited legal obligations and rights. According to the Scottish Government it is a common misunderstanding in Scotland that a couple will have established a common-law marriage after having lived together for a certain period of time. The last form of irregular marriage, marriage by cohabitation with habit and repute, was abolished from 4 May 2006 and required more than just living together. The confusion could be caused by the continued existence of this type of common law marriage in a number of U.S. states.
The Family Law (Scotland) Act 2006 introduced new rights and obligations concerning cohabiting couples. For the purposes of the 2006 Act, a cohabiting couple is a couple (either opposite sex or same sex) who live together as if they were married or in a civil partnership. There is no minimum amount of time specified that a couple must live together before they can be considered to be cohabiting, but the court will consider the amount of time as a factor when deciding whether they were living as if they were married or in a civil partnership. 
The 2006 Act creates a legal presumption that each party will have an equal share in household goods (excluding motor vehicles and money) acquired during the cohabitation. The parties are also presumed to have an equal share in any allowance or account created for joint household expenses.
Cohabiting couples also have limited rights which focus on their shared home. If the home is held under a lease the cohabitant has a right to continue living in the property and being a party to the lease if their cohabiting partner dies. If one party owns the home that they share the other party can apply to the court for the right to occupy the home in the event that the relationship breaks down. This right can also be used in certain circumstances to block the party who owns the property from selling it and stop a bank from repossessing the home under a mortgage.
Financial provision.
Cohabiting couples do not have a legal obligation to financially support one another like in a marriage or civil partnership. However, in the event of a breakdown of a cohabiting couple's relationship, one party can ask the court to make an order for financial provision in certain circumstances similar to divorce and dissolution cases. The amount awarded will depend on how long the couple lived together, what their financial arrangements were, to what degree the defender has made an economic gain from cohabiting with the pursuer and whether the applicant has suffered an "economic disadvantage" in the interests of the defender. An application for financial provision must be made to the court within one year from when the couple ceased to cohabit.
Children.
Legal capacity.
The age of majority in Scotland is 18 years old but under Scots law other criteria, such as the child's level of maturity and understanding, will sometimes also be relevant. The law also recognises a number of other ages which are significant in different contexts. 
The test to determine the legal capacity of a child will depend on the particular circumstances of the case and the law concerned. As a child ages their legal capacity develops:
There are also circumstances which are not connected directly to the child's age but to their maturity and understanding, such as:
Parental responsibilities.
The law, in dealing with children, emphasises the importance of doing what is practicable and best for the interests of the child's welfare rather than the parents and this guides the regulatory structure surrounding parental rights and responsibilities. The Children (Scotland) Act 1995 introduced four parental responsibilities: (1) to safeguard and promote the child's health, development and welfare; (2) to provide, in a manner appropriate to the stage of development of the child: direction and guidance; (3) if the child is not living with the parent, to maintain personal relations and direct contact with the child on a regular basis; and (4) to act as the child's legal representative. The child, or anyone acting on behalf of the child, have title to bring legal proceedings to enforce a parental responsibility. Most of the parental responsibilities are extinguished when the child turns 16 years old, except the obligation to provide guidance, which ends when the child turns 18 years old.
Parental rights.
Parental rights exist to allow the individual or individuals responsible for the child to fulfil their parental responsibilities. Parental rights can only be exercised so far as practicable and in the best interests of the child. There are four recognised parental rights: (1) to have the child living with him or her or otherwise to regulate the child's residence; (2) to control, direct or guide, in a manner appropriate to the stage of development of the child, the child's upbringing; (3) if the child is not living with the parent, to maintain personal relations and direct contact with the child on a regular basis; and (4) to act as the child's legal representative. The list of parental rights, like parental responsibilities, supersedes the common law and therefore there is, "no room to argue that a parental right, say to physical chastisement exists beyond that found in the statutory rights listed above." The child, or anyone acting on behalf of the child, have title to bring legal proceedings to enforce a parental right. All parental rights are extinguished when the child turns 16 years old.
Who has parental responsibilities and rights.
The birth mother of the child, even in cases of surrogacy, automatically acquires parental responsibilities and rights for her child. Only a father who is married to the mother at the time of conception or subsequently before the birth, automatically acquires parental responsibilities and rights. A non-marital father will not automatically acquire the responsibilities and rights even if he is the child's biological father. From 4 May 2006, with the introduction of the Family Law (Scotland) Act 2006, a father named on the child's birth certificate also automatically obtains responsibilities and rights. It is important to note that the Act only applies to births from 4 May 2006 and any previous births would have to be re-registered by both parents in order for the father to obtain legal status.

</doc>
<doc id="20522085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522085" title="Davudoba">
Davudoba

Davudoba (also, Davidoba) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 510.

</doc>
<doc id="20522087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522087" title="Scots property law">
Scots property law

Scots property law governs the rules of property in Scotland. A fundamental distinction in Scots law is between heritable and moveable property. Heritable property includes land and buildings, whereas moveable property includes title to property which actually physically moves, which would normally passes only on delivery. Moveable rights also include those to intellectual property, such as patents, trade marks and copyrights. Agreement on an offer for property purchase is a legally binding contract, resulting in a system of conveyancing where buyers get their survey done before making a bid to the seller's solicitor, and after a closing date for bids the seller's acceptance is binding on both parties, preventing gazumping. In recent times sales of house by way of offering to sell to the first party to make an unconditional offer of a fixed price has eroded the traditional "offers over" system. It is important historically because the feu was first created in Scotland, which is an antecedent of the fee system, used in conveyancing throughout the common law system.
Feudal law.
The feudal system lingered on in Scots law on land ownership, so that a landowner as a "vassal" still had obligations to a "feudal superior" including payment of "feu duty". This enabled developers to impose perpetual conditions dictating how buildings had to be constructed and maintained, but added complications and became abused to demand payments from "vassals" who wanted to make minor changes. In 1974 legislation began a process of redeeming "feu duties" so that most of these payments were ended. A major package of land reform (the Abolition of Feudal Tenure etc. (Scotland) Act 2000, the Title Conditions (Scotland) Act 2003 and the Tenements (Scotland) Act 2004) commenced on November 28, 2004.
Udal law.
The Northern Isles used a system called Udal Law, owing to their former status as territory of Norway. However, following legal reforms in November 2004, the significance of udal law in those islands is greatly reduced.
Intellectual property law.
Intellectual property (IP) in Scotland is governed mostly by statute, however it was a Scottish case "Wills v Zetnews" (1997 FSR 604) that first applied the existing copyright law to the internet by categorising the net as a cable programme. This definition has now been superseded by European directives but the principle still stands.

</doc>
<doc id="20522088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522088" title="Qımılqışlaq, Quba">
Qımılqışlaq, Quba

Qımılqışlaq (or Qumulqışlaq) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 575.

</doc>
<doc id="20522092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522092" title="Xaruşa">
Xaruşa

Xaruşa is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 719.

</doc>
<doc id="20522093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522093" title="Scottish criminal law">
Scottish criminal law

Scots criminal law governs the rules of criminal law in Scotland. Scottish criminal law relies far more heavily on common law than in England and Wales. Scottish criminal law includes offences against the person of murder, culpable homicide, rape and assault, offences against property such as theft and malicious mischief, and public order offences including mobbing and breach of the peace. Scottish criminal law can also be found in the statute books of the UK Parliament with some areas of criminal law, such as misuse of drugs and traffic offences appear identical on both sides of the Border. Scottish criminal law can also be found in the statute books of the Scottish Parliament such as the Sexual Offences (Scotland) Act 2009 asp 9 and Prostitution (Public Places) (Scotland) Act 2007 asp 11 have only legal extent to Scotland. In fact, the Scots requirement of corroboration in criminal matters changes the practical prosecution of crimes derived from the same enactment. Corroboration is not required in England or in civil cases in Scotland. Scotland is one of the few jurisdictions who require corroboration.
Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service.
The Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service ("COPFS") provides independent public prosecution of criminal offences in Scotland (as the more recent Crown Prosecution Service does in England and Wales) and has extensive responsibilities in the investigation and prosecution of crime. The Crown Office is headed by the Lord Advocate, in whose name all prosecutions are carried out, and employs Advocates Depute (for the High Court of Justiciary) and Procurators Fiscal (for the Sheriff Courts) as public prosecutors.
Private prosecutions are very rare in Scotland and these require "Criminal Letters" from the High Court of the Justiciary. Criminal Letters are unlikely to be granted without the agreement of the Lord Advocate.
"Not proven" verdict.
The Scots legal system is unique in having three possible verdicts for a criminal trial: "guilty", "not guilty" and "not proven". Both "not guilty" and "not proven" result in an acquittal. The third verdict resulted from historical accident, in that there was a practice at one point of leaving the jury to determine factual issues one-by-one as "proven" or "not proven". It was then left to the judge to pronounce upon the facts found "proven" whether this was sufficient to establish guilt of the crime charged. Now the jury decides this question after legal advice from the judge, but the "not proven" verdict lives on. The "not proven" verdict is often taken by juries and the media as meaning "we know they did it but there isn't enough proof". The verdict, especially in high-profile cases, often causes controversy.
In February 1999, United States Senator Arlen Specter voted against conviction in the impeachment trial of Bill Clinton, citing the concept of the "not proven" as a basis for his decision.
List of offences.
Homicide
Abortion, etc.
Assault and related offences
Sexual offences
See Sexual offences in the United Kingdom#Scotland
Theft etc.
Corruption
Criminal damage
Public order and decency

</doc>
<doc id="20522098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522098" title="Bərğov">
Bərğov

Bərğov (also, Bərqov) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 731.

</doc>
<doc id="20522104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522104" title="Scots contract law">
Scots contract law

Scots contract law governs the rules of contract in Scotland.
Contract is created by bilateral agreement and should be "distinguished" from unilateral promise, the latter being recognised as a distinct and enforceable species of obligation in Scots Law. The English requirement for "consideration" does not apply in Scotland, so it is possible to have a "gratuitous" contract, i.e. a contract where only one of the parties comes under any duties to the other (e.g. a contract to perform services for no consideration).
A contract is an agreement between two or more parties which creates or intends to create legally binding obligations between the parties to it.
Note however that not all declarations made by a person to another person will amount to a promise that is enforceable under Scots law. In particular, a declaration of intention, a testamentary provision and an offer will not be a promise.
At common law, a promise had to be proved by writ or oath. However, after the introduction of the Requirements of Writing (Scotland) Act 1995, a promise need only be evidenced in writing for:
• the creation, transfer, variation or extinction of an interest in land (s 1(2) (a)(i) of Requirements of Writing (Scotland) Act 1995); and
• a gratuitous unilateral obligation except an obligation undertaken in the course of business (s 1(2) (a)(ii) of Requirements of Writing (Scotland) Act 1995.) [Note that this section has caused great debate amongst academics as to the meanings of "unilateral" and "gratuitous". Some believe that the inclusion of the two terms in this section points to a desire of the drafters that they be given different meanings. This would allow some promises to be unilateral but not gratuitous. This argument was particularly discussed by both Martin Hogg (Edinburgh University) and Joe Thomson (Glasgow University) in articles for the Scots Law Times (News) in 1998 and 1997 respectively.
A Contract is formed by the acceptance of an offer; an offer can be constituted by responding to an invitation to treat.
Variation of the original offer counts as counter - offer. 
A leading piece of legislation in Scots Contract Law is the Contract (Scotland) Act 1997. This act includes damages for breach of contract of sale.

</doc>
<doc id="20522122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522122" title="Breguet Type I">
Breguet Type I

__NOTOC__
The Breguet Type I was an experimental aircraft built in France in 1909. It was Louis Breguet's first fixed-wing aircraft design. Breguet had previously had some success with two helicopter designs, one of which had been exhibited at the Paris Aero Salon in December 1908. Because of these machines, the Type I was at first known as the Breguet Type III.
Design.
The Breguet Type 1 differed from most biplane designs of the time by being of tractor configuration and not having a forward elevator, as used by the Wright Brothers and Gabriel Voisin. The engine was mounted at the front of the aircraft in a square section nacelle projecting forwards from lower wing, driving a three-bladed propeller. The upper wing was built in three separate sections, with the entire outer sections pivoting about the main spar for control purposes, while the lower wings, which had a smaller wingspan, were divided into two pivoting planes, with a large gap between them in place of a centre section. The wings were connected by four steel tube interplane struts, each enclosed in a streamlined fairing.
The tail surfaces were mounted on four cross-braced steel booms and consisted of a large span upper elevator and a smaller lower surface, with a pair of rudders filling the gap between them. The undercarriage consisted of a pair of forward-projecting skids with a small wheel mounted between them, supplemented by outrigger wheels on each wingtip. Power was provided by a Renault V-8 engine. 
The machine was displayed without an engine at the Olympia Aero Show in London in March 1909 and first took to the air on 28 June. Breguet flew this aircraft, given the exhibition number 19, at the Grande Semaine d'Aviation in August, but crashed when the machine was caught in a gust of wind . Breguet himself was unharmed.

</doc>
<doc id="20522132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522132" title="Syncategorematic term">
Syncategorematic term

In scholastic logic, a syncategorematic term ("syncategorema") is a word that cannot serve as the subject or the predicate of a proposition, and thus cannot stand for any of Aristotle's categories, but can be used with other terms to form a proposition. Words such as 'all', 'and', 'if' are examples of such terms.
The distinction between categorematic and syncategorematic terms was established in ancient Greek grammar. Words that designate self-sufficient entities (i.e., nouns or adjectives) were called categorematic, and those that do not stand by themselves were dubbed syncategorematic, (i.e., prepositions, logical connectives, etc.). Priscian in his "Institutiones grammaticae" translates the word as "consignificantia". Scholastics retained the difference, which became a dissertable topic after the 13th century revival of logic. William of Sherwood, a representative of terminism, wrote a treatise called "Syncategoremata". Later his pupil, Peter of Spain, produced a similar work entitled "Syncategoreumata".
In propositional calculus, a syncategorematic term is a term that has no individual meaning (a term with an individual meaning is called categorematic). Whether a term is syncategorematic or not is determined by the way it is defined or introduced in the language.
In the common definition of propositional logic, examples of syncategorematic terms are the logical connectives. Let us take the connective formula_1 for instance, its semantic rule is:
formula_2 iff formula_3
So its meaning is defined when it occurs in combination with two formulas formula_4 and formula_5. But it has no meaning when taken in isolation, i.e. formula_6 is not defined.
We could however define the formula_1 in a different manner, e.g., using λ-abstraction: formula_8, which expects a pair of Boolean-valued arguments, i.e., arguments that are either "TRUE" or "FALSE", defined as formula_9 and formula_10 respectively. This is an expression of type formula_11. Its meaning is thus a binary function from pairs of entities of type truth-value to an entity of type truth-value. Under this definition it would be non-syncategorematic, or categorematic. Note that while this definition would formally define the formula_1 function, it requires the use of formula_13-abstraction, in which case the formula_13 itself is introduced syncategorematically, thus simply moving the issue up another level of abstraction.

</doc>
<doc id="20522144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522144" title="Yehuda Moon and the Kickstand Cyclery">
Yehuda Moon and the Kickstand Cyclery

Yehuda Moon and the Kickstand Cyclery was a daily webcomic created by Ohio resident Rick Smith.
The strip chronicled the adventures and challenges of Yehuda Moon. The titular character ran a bike shop, the Kickstand Cyclery, with his friend Joe, and was often confronted with the challenges presented by his daily bicycle commute and the customers (or lack thereof) at his bike shop. Various characters included: the bike ninja, the bike hypochondriac, the ghost of the previous owner - Fred, the Shakers who built the bicycle frames, Thistle who worked in the shop with Yehuda and Joe, neighborhood kids, roadies, and commuters. Yehuda advocates simple, traditional, functional biking as espoused by the philosophy of Grant Petersen of Rivendell Bicycle Works. His shop partner Joe acts as a foil to Yehuda and prefers a more performance- or racing-oriented style. In recent strips, the original Kickstand Cyclery has burned to the ground and a new shop is being constructed.
The author admired the work of Harold Gray, Chester Gould, Frank King, and James Kochalka.
A square-bound softcover print collection, reprinting the first 12 months of strips from January through December 31, 2008, was available. A second volume containing the 2009 strips was announced but delayed.
Brian Griggs joined as a writer in late Spring 2010.
As of September 2011, the comic stopped updating, and a strip was posted that simply read "That's all, Folks." The author has indicated that he is working to cancel active subscriptions, and also that he is stopping the strip due to the demands of his day job and family. A final strip, echoing the visuals and structure of the very first strip, was subsequently posted.
After a massive outpouring of support and entreaties by disappointed readers to resume the strip, Rick relented and Yehuda Moon returned as a subscription feature on a five-day publication schedule. In addition, because of a wildly successful fundraising through Kickstarter.com, the long-awaited second volume finally saw print. In addition, volumes 3 and 4, which compiled the webstrips from January 2010 through October 2011 along with unpublished material and reprints of interviews with the cartoonist, were also created and are available. At the end of 2012, the author announced that the strip would be discontinued, although the books and other merchandise would continue to be available.

</doc>
<doc id="20522147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522147" title="Aplysia punctata">
Aplysia punctata

Aplysia punctata is a species of sea slug, a sea hare, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae, the sea hares. 
The rhinophore of "Aplysia punctata" contains a groove, which extends to about two third of the total length of the rhinophore.
Secondary metabolites (alkaloids) from marine sponges stimulate neurons in the rhinophore ganglion of the rhinophore of "Aplysia punctata".
References.
This article incorporates CC-BY-2.0 text from reference.

</doc>
<doc id="20522221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522221" title="Years in India">
Years in India

This is a list of years in India. See also the Timeline of Indian history.

</doc>
<doc id="20522228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522228" title="Cupid (2009 TV series)">
Cupid (2009 TV series)

Cupid is a television series that aired on ABC from March 31 to June 16, 2009 and was broadcast Tuesdays at 10:02 PM Eastern/9:02 PM Central. The series is a revival of sorts of the network's 1998 series of the same name, changing its primary setting from Chicago to New York City.
"Cupid" was canceled on May 19, 2009.
Premise.
Like the 1998 series from which it draws inspiration, this series is about a larger-than-life character who may or may not be the Roman god of love—Cupid—sent to earth to bring one hundred couples together before he is allowed to return to Mt. Olympus. Whether by fate or other circumstances, Trevor Pierce (Bobby Cannavale) is under the care of psychiatrist and self-help author Dr. Claire McCrae (Sarah Paulson) whose own work is often based in romantic relationships. Claire's philosophy on true love is that it's the result of building friendship and compatibility. Trevor, by contrast, views it as heat and passion conquering all.
Production history.
"Daily Variety" had reported as early as October 2007 that ABC had approved a new version of the series, to be set in Los Angeles, as part of a one-year development deal between ABC Studios and series creator Rob Thomas. A follow-up report published in "The Hollywood Reporter" in March 2008 noted that the network had received initial scripts for the series and approved production for episodes to broadcast as a mid-season replacement for 2008 or 2009.
As production further developed, the series' primary setting was shifted to New York City. Filming for the new series took place in locations including Albemarle Rd in Kensington, Brooklyn, 232 E. 3rd St., Brooklyn, NY 11218, and 47th Avenue between 41st and 43rd Street in Sunnyside, Queens.

</doc>
<doc id="20522230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522230" title="Rester vrai">
Rester vrai

Rester vrai is a 1994 album recorded by French singer Florent Pagny. It was his third studio album and was released in March 1994. It achieved moderate success in France where it remained charted for 39 weeks in the top 50, including a peak at #19 for two weeks. For the first time in Pagny's career, lyrics were written by other artists such as Jean-Jacques Goldman who participated under the pseudonym of Sam Brewski. This album provided two singles : the unsuccessful "Est-ce que tu me suis ?" (#45 in France) and the hit single "Si tu veux m'essayer" (#7 in France), which was recorded as "If You Want to Know Me" in 2009 by the Belgian singer Dana Winner for the album "Between Now and Tomorrow" with English lyrics by Michael Leahy. The music video for the track "Rester vrai" was directed by Dani Jacobs and shot in London and features Pagny trapped in a glass box in a large empty space as if he is a museum exhibit or part of an experiment.
Track listing.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20522256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522256" title="Tylodinidae">
Tylodinidae

Tylodinidae is a family of sea snails or false limpets, marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Umbraculoidea.
Taxonomy.
2005 taxonomy.
The family Tylodinidae consists of the following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):

</doc>
<doc id="20522276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522276" title="Tylodina perversa">
Tylodina perversa

Tylodina perversa, common names the "yellow tylodina" or "yellow umbrella slug", is a species of sea snail or false limpet, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Tylodinidae.
This opisthobranch has a limpet-like shell which is composed primarily of protein, not calcium carbonate.
Distribution.
This species of false limpet occurs in the northeastern Atlantic including the British Isles and the Mediterranean Sea.
Ecology.
"T. perversa" feeds on the sponge species "Aplysina acrophobia.

</doc>
<doc id="20522383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522383" title="Pleurobranchaea meckelii">
Pleurobranchaea meckelii

Pleurobranchaea meckelii is a species of sea slug, specifically a side gill slug or notaspideans. ctendium present.It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pleurobranchidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20522385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522385" title="Sports Soup">
Sports Soup

Sports Soup was a weekly series airing in the U.S. on Versus. The show (first airing October 14, 2008), hosted by Matt Iseman, satirizes recent events in sports and the stations that cover them in similar fashion to sister network E! Entertainment Television's series "The Soup" (and is produced by the same crew as that show, and on the same soundstage). The show features Iseman in front of a green screen and also features the same audience, their cast & crew (a similar setup to "The Soup"). 
Segments.
The Starting Lineup - The top news stories are featured and often mocked.
Covering The Coverage - Clips of various news and sports stations & networks are often featured.
This Just In - Breaking sports news stories are just announced during production of each episode.
Schooled - College-related sport clips are shown in this segment.
The Great Outdoors - Segments of outdoor programming are featured including hunting mishaps.
BROverload - Various clips of college-age fans are showcased. 
Who's Scoring - Iseman reports the latest on sports stars hooking up.
Take A Hit - In this segment, various clips depict participants and often spectators get hurt in the middle of a sporting event.
Child, Please! - This segment features NFL player Chad Ochocinco of the Cincinnati Bengals. He takes viewer-submitted questions from the Versus website and answers them in a humorous and sarcastic fashion.
The Count-Up - This final segment of each episode shows 5 sub-segments that count upwards instead of counting down. First, 1 thing you have to hear features a random statement heard on the news or sports program that's found to be funny. 2 Things You Have to See showcases two clips of amazing sports moments. This segment is now renamed 4 things you have to see and replaced with random 2... segments. In 3 Great Collisions, three clips are shown, each with a crash, or a hard punch. This segment was replaced with random 3... segments. In 4 things to look out for, Matt Iseman tells four actual news stories about the teams and their coaches, however when getting to "look out for", the pictures are often doctored. This segment has since then been replaced by 4 things you have to see. And finally, the clip considered to be the best of the week is the 5-Star Clip. One example is from a South African soccer league in which a player's shin was inverted due to an opposing player sliding to get the ball.

</doc>
<doc id="20522392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522392" title="List of Florida Panthers general managers">
List of Florida Panthers general managers

This article is a list of All-time General Managers of the Florida Panthers.

</doc>
<doc id="20522406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522406" title="Modern Warfare (band)">
Modern Warfare (band)

Modern Warfare was an early-1980s punk rock band from Long Beach, California. It featured Jim Bemis (guitar and lead vocals), Tim Gaines (bass), Steve Sinclair (bass), Ron Goudie (lead guitar), Randy Scott (drums), and Tish Lucca (Keyboards).
Bemis wrote most of the songs, and also lent his name to the band's label, Bemisbrain Records (sometimes written as two words, "Bemis Brain"). Bemisbrain (the name was reportedly a play on the Bemis Manufacturing Company, maker of toilet seats, though this was never confirmed by the band) issued records by several other punk and deathrock bands, including Tex & the Horseheads, Nip Drivers, Mnemonic Devices, and Super Heroines, as well as the two "Hell Comes to Your House" compilation albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20522408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522408" title="Student activities">
Student activities

Student activities or campus activities is a broad term describing most student-focused extracurricular programs at a college or university. Events range from concerts, coffeehouses, performances, special events, or games, and are often operated from a student activity center. These activities are typically overseen by a Director of Student Activities who often holds a master's degree in student development or a comparable field. Program directors can network with performers and directors at other institutions through organizations like the National Association for Campus Activities (NACA) or the Association for the Promotion of Campus Activities (APCA).

</doc>
<doc id="20522430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522430" title="New Horizons Computer Learning Centers">
New Horizons Computer Learning Centers

New Horizons Computer Learning Centers is the world's largest independent IT training company with over 300 locations in 70 countries. New Horizons Computer Learning Centers, Inc. is a subsidiary of New Horizons Worldwide, Inc. New Horizons operates as a franchise model to support the worldwide expansion of their training centers.
New Horizons provides instruction in the use of personal computers, computer software and business skills. New Horizons offers vendor-authorized training and certifications for Microsoft, Cisco, CompTIA and VMware. Training methods include instructor-led courses, both in person and online, as well as self-directed labs. Students are provided with courseware developed in collaboration with Axzo Press. 
Many students attend with the support of their employers as part of corporate training programs. New Horizons also caters to individual students looking to change or advance their careers, providing certification and job placement assistance.
Company history.
New Horizons was founded in Laguna Hills in 1982. In 1985, after adding Lotus and C++ to its curriculum, the company moved to larger offices in Irvine. The addition of classes in Windows programming in 1986 necessitated another expansion to offices in Santa Ana. By 1992, further additions to its course offerings enabled the company to expand nationwide. The first international location opened in Mexico City in 1993.
The following year, New Horizons was purchased by Handex Consulting & Remediation LLC, which resulted in further international expansion into South America, Asia, Africa and the Middle East. At this point, New Horizons had become the largest network of Microsoft Authorized Technical Education Centers (ATECs). The company's first European location (in Barcelona) was opened shortly thereafter.
In 1996, New Horizons began trading on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol of NEWH (changed to on Sep. 17, 2009). Within a year, New Horizons became the largest independent IT training company in the world with over 154 training centers and 100 Microsoft Certified Technical Education Centers (CTECs). 
New Horizons and the EC-Council became partners in 2004 to deliver Certified Ethical Hacker and Countermeasures Training.
In 2011, New Horizons was granted VMware Authorized Training Center Status, allowing North American centers to deliver VMware training.
In 2012, New Horizons Computer Learning Centers celebrated its 30th Anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="20522433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522433" title="Fətəli xan">
Fətəli xan

Fətəli xan is a municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. The municipality is named in honor of Azerbaijani prime minister Fatali Khan Khoyski.

</doc>
<doc id="20522438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522438" title="1509 in India">
1509 in India

This article is about the particular significance of the year 1509 to India and its people.
"See also:" timeline of Indian history.

</doc>
<doc id="20522452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522452" title="Bağçalı">
Bağçalı

Bağçalı (also, Bağçaəli) is a village in the municipality of Rustov in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522454" title="Fortunes for All">
Fortunes for All

Fortunes for All is the final work by Vash Young, a celebrated American author of four self-help books popular during the Great Depression. Written and first published in 1959, long after his earlier books were out of print, "Fortunes for All" encapsulates and expands on his earlier books with all the benefit of long hindsight. In his book Vash sets out the philosophy and methods he used to attain his own success and sets them in the context of his personal history and of the social and economic environment of the times.
Synopsis.
The opening chapters of "Fortunes for All" set out Vash Young's credentials: the long, happy and rewarding life that he has enjoyed - his 'Fortune' - through taking his own advice and living by the rules he formulated as a young man. Vash then turns to his early life of hardship, poverty, hunger and deprivation and candidly reveals how he squandered early opportunities as a young man through self-doubt and moral weakness.
Vash Young then describes the flash of insight the enabled him to re-invent himself. This was the defining point in his life when Vash the failure changed virtually overnight into Vash the success. 
The bulk of the book explains in detail the methods he used to give himself the mindset needed to find his Fortune. These lessons are amply illustrate by anecdotes taken from his own life and from those of people he encountered. Vash goes out of his way to show that what he did is relevant to anyone at any time or place. The title shows his intent: "Fortunes for All" is intended to be a handbook for everyone.

</doc>
<doc id="20522462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522462" title="Harveys (department store)">
Harveys (department store)

Harveys was a department store chain best known for its original store in downtown Nashville, Tennessee.
The original Harveys department store was opened by Fred Harvey in 1942 at the corner of 6th Avenue North and Church Street. The site was the former home of a post-Reconstruction Nashville retailer, Lebeck Brothers/Denton & Company, which rose to prominence in the 1870s. When the Lebeck Brothers property became available due to the store's closing, Fred Harvey founded Harveys department store on the property. The store expanded to eventually cover the entire block of Church Street from 6th Avenue to 5th Avenue. The store brought the first escalators to middle Tennessee and the decor featured several carousel horses which had been salvaged from Glendale Park, a local amusement park that closed during the Great Depression. The store was also known for its lavish Christmas decorations as well as the annual nativity scene it sponsored in Centennial Park.
In 1960, Harveys, along with several other downtown Nashville stores, was the site of sit-in demonstrations, in which local college students protested against racially segregated lunch-counters. Harveys officially desegregated its lunch-counters on May 10, 1960.
After two decades of successful growth at its downtown location, Harveys expanded to other locations. Harveys opened suburban branch stores at Madison Square Shopping Center (1962) and 100 Oaks Shopping Center (1967). Stores were also opened in surrounding middle Tennessee cities, including Clarksville, Columbia, Cookeville, and Murfreesboro, Tennessee, as well as Madisonville and Hopkinsville, Kentucky. One west Tennessee store was also opened in Dyersburg. By the 1980s, however, the popularity of suburban shopping malls led to declining sales at Harveys downtown Nashville location. The original store was closed in January 1984 and torn down to make way for a parking lot. In the late 1980s, Harveys announced another suburban Nashville store at 4724 Lebanon Road in Hermitage. Prior to the opening, the chain of stores was sold to Virginia-based Peebles in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20522465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522465" title="Kələbaq">
Kələbaq

Kələbaq (also, Kələbağ) is a village in the municipality of Rustov in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522474" title="Məçkə-Xacə">
Məçkə-Xacə

Məçkə-Xacə (also, Məçkə-xacə) is a village in the municipality of Rustov in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522483" title="Cadarı">
Cadarı

Cadarı is a village in the municipality of Rustov in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522488" title="Stockholm municipal election, 1998">
Stockholm municipal election, 1998

The Stockholm municipal election of 1998 was held on 15 September 1998, concurrently with the 1998 Swedish general election. Using a party-list proportional representation system to allocate the 101 seats of the Stockholm city council ("Stockholms kommunfullmäktige") amongst the various Swedish political parties. Voter turnout was 76.9%.
The results for the Social Democrats were the lowest in decades, and for the first time since the initiation of universal male suffrage in 1911, the Moderates outnumbered the Social Democrats to become the largest party on the Stockholm City Council as a result of this election.

</doc>
<doc id="20522494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522494" title="Cındar">
Cındar

Cındar is a village in the municipality of Rustov in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522498" title="Mary Kom">
Mary Kom

Mangte Chungneijang Mary Kom (born 1 March 1983), also known as MC Mary Kom, Magnificent Mary or simply Mary Kom, is an Indian boxer. She is a five-time World Boxing champion, and the only woman boxer to have won a medal in each one of the six world championships. She is the only Indian woman boxer to have qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics, competing in the flyweight (51 kg) category and winning the bronze medal. She has also been ranked as No. 4 AIBA World Women's Ranking Flyweight category
In 2012, Sanjay Leela Bhansali confirmed that a Biopic will be made on the life of Mary Kom starring Priyanka Chopra in lead role. Movie is to be released somewhere around 2014.
Mary Kom launched her much-awaited autobiography, Unbreakable, at the Forum Mall in Bangalore on 11 Dec '13
Personal life.
Mary Kom was born in Kangathei, in Churachanpur district of Manipur. Her parents, Mangte Tonpa Kom and Mangte Akham Kom, worked in "jhum" fields. She completed her primary education from Loktak Christian Model High School, Moirang, up to her class VI standard and attended St. Xavier Catholic School, Moirang, up to class VIII. She then moved to Adimjati High School, Imphal, for her schooling for class IX and X, but could not pass her exam. She did not want to reappear for her exams so she quit her school and gave her examination from NIOS, Imphal and graduation from Churachandpur College.
Although she had a keen interest in athletics from childhood, it was the success of Dingko Singh that inspired her to become a boxer in 2000. She started her training under the close eye of M. Narjit Singh, Manipur State Boxing Coach at Khuman Lampak,Imphal.
She is married to K Onler Kom and has twin sons, Rechungvar and Khupneivar. They first met in 2001 when Mary was at New Delhi on her way to National Games in Punjab while Onler was studying at Delhi University. They married in 2005 after 4 years of dating.
Return to boxing.
After an eight-year break, she won a silver medal at the 2008 Asian Women's Boxing Championship in India and a fourth successive gold medal at the AIBA Women's World Boxing Championship in China, followed by a gold medal at the 2009 Asian Indoor Games in Vietnam.
In 2010, Kom won the gold medal at the Asian Women's Boxing Championship in Kazakhstan, and at the AIBA Women's World Boxing Championship in Barbados, her fifth consecutive gold at the championship. She competed in Barbados in the 48 kg weight class, after AIBA had stopped using the 46 kg class. In the 2010 Asian Games, she competed in the 51 kg class - the lowest in the contest - and won a bronze medal. In 2011, she won gold in the 48 kg class at the Asian Women's Cup in China, and in 2012 took the gold medal in the 51 kg class at the Asian Women's Boxing Championship in Mongolia.
On 3 October 2010, she, along with Vijender Singh, had the honour of bearing the Queen's Baton in its opening ceremony run in the stadium for the 2010 Commonwealth Games of Delhi. She did not compete, however, as women's boxing was not included in the Commonwealth Games.
Olympic Games.
Mary, a five-time world champion, had won several medals in the 46 and 48 kg categories. She was forced to shift to this category and gain weight two years ago after the world body decided to allow women’s boxing in only three weight categories—the lowest one being 51 kg.
At the 2012 AIBA Women's World Boxing Championship, Kom was competing not just for the championship itself but also for a place at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, the first time women's boxing had featured as an Olympic sport. She was defeated in the 51 kg semi-finals by Nicola Adams of the UK (to whom she would eventually lose in the semifinal of the London 2012 Olympic Games as well), making this the first year since the championship began that Kom did not win a medal, but did succeed in getting a place for the Olympics. She was the only Indian woman to qualify for boxing event, with Laishram Sarita Devi narrowly missing a place in the 60 kg class.
Kom was accompanied to London by her mother and husband . Kom's coach Charles Atkinson could not join her at the Olympic Village as he didn't possess an International Boxing Association (AIBA) 3 Star Certification, which is mandatory for accreditation.
The first Olympic round was held on 5 August 2012, with Kom defeating Karolina Michalczuk of Poland 19-14 in the third women's boxing match ever to be fought at the Olympics. In the quarter-final, the following day, she defeated Maroua Rahali of Tunisia with a score of 15-6. She faced Nicola Adams of UK in the semi-final on 8 August 2012 and lost the bout 6 points to 11. However, she stood third in the competition and garnered her first olympic Bronze medal. Manipur Government decided to award Rs 5 million and two acres of land to Kom in the cabinet meeting held on 9 August 2012. She carried the Indian tricolor during the closing ceremony of the 2012 summer Olympics in London.
Super Fight League.
Kom appeared on the final episode of the Super Fight League's mixed martial arts reality show - SFL Challengers. During this time Kom was in talks with owners Raj Kundra and Sanjay Dutt to work with the SFL in some manner other than being a fighter.
On 24 September, the Super Fight League announced that Kom will serve as the SFL's brand ambassador.
Autobiography.
Her autobiography named 'Unbreakable' was published by Harper Collins . It include her childhood, her rebellions, her wait for her husband Onler to propose for marriage, how she was willing to run away with him and how she held her own in the male bastion of boxing .

</doc>
<doc id="20522520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522520" title="Andy Tomasic">
Andy Tomasic

Andrew John Tomasic, Sr. (December 10, 1917 – November 27, 2008) was a Major League Baseball and NFL player. He was born in Hokendauqua, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Allentown, Pennsylvania. He attended Temple University and was inducted into their Hall of Fame.
Tomasic was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 16th round of the 1942 NFL Draft. He was a halfback, defensive back, and return specialist and made his NFL debut in 1942. He did not play from 1943 to 1945 as he served in the U.S. Army during World War II. Tomasic returned in 1946 in what would be his final NFL season.
After his NFL career ended, he played a single season in Major League Baseball with the New York Giants in . In 5 innings pitched, he gave up 10 earned runs and struck out 2.
Tomasic died on November 27, 2008, in Allentown, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20522528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522528" title="Emergency Fire Response">
Emergency Fire Response

Emergency Fire Response (aka "Fire Department" in Europe and "Fire Chief" in UK) is a simulation video game released for Microsoft Windows on by DreamCatcher Interactive. In this game, the player takes control of a team of firefighters from the fictional Fire Station 615. There are more than thirty missions, each featuring different challenges which must be met with a range of different tactics.
In this game, the player is able to take advantage of the individual talents of each member of his firefighting team. These include paramedics, High Risk Environment Specialists, and Technical Officers. Players can also use a number of different support vehicles, including ambulances and ladder trucks, to help complete missions. Players are also able to choose the appearance of their firefighting units based on the different appearances of firefighters in different parts of the world, but this does not change the overall experience of the game.
Sequels.
Two sequels have been made: "Fire Department 2" (aka Firefighter Command Raging Inferno in North America) and "".

</doc>
<doc id="20522531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522531" title="HMS Walrus">
HMS Walrus

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Walrus" after the marine mammal:

</doc>
<doc id="20522535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522535" title="Pet trust">
Pet trust

A pet trust is a legal arrangement to provide care for a pet after its owner dies. A pet trust falls under trust law and is one option for pet owners. Options include honorary trusts, provisions in a will and traditional legal trusts.
Pet trusts stipulate that in the event of a grantor’s disability or death a trustee will hold property (cash, for example) “in trust” for the benefit of the grantor’s pets. The “grantor” (also called a settlor or trustor in some states) is the person who creates the trust, which may take effect during a person’s lifetime or at death. Payments to a designated caregiver(s) will is made on a regular basis. 
Depending upon the state law, trusts usually continue for the life of the pet or 21 years, whichever occurs first. Some states allow a pet trust to continue for the life of the pet, without regard to a maximum duration of 21 years. This is particularly advantageous for companion animals who have longer life expectancies than cats and dogs, such as horses and parrots.
History.
The development of pet trusts is part of the animal rights movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20522539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522539" title="Güneyməhlə">
Güneyməhlə

Güneyməhlə (also, Güneyməhəllə) is a village in the municipality of Püstəqasım in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522541" title="Hacıağalar">
Hacıağalar

Hacıağalar (also, Hacağalar) is a village in the municipality of Qamqam in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522558" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1940">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1940

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1940 Australian federal election. The election was held on 21 September 1940.
Earlier in 1940, the Lang Labor supporters had again broken away from the federal Australian Labor Party. Seats held by the defectors are designated as Labor seats.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party-Country Party Coalition was defending two seats. The Labor Party was defending one seat. Labor Senators Stan Amour, John Armstrong and Tom Arthur were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party-Country Party Coalition was defending three seats. Labor Senators Gordon Brown, Joe Collings and Ben Courtice were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party was defending three seats. United Australia Party Senators Philip McBride, Alexander McLachlan and Keith Wilson were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators Bill Aylett, Richard Darcey and Charles Lamp were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Four seats were up for election. One of these was a short-term vacancy caused by Labor Senator-elect John Barnes's death; this had been filled in the interim by Labor's Jim Sheehan. The United Australia Party-Country Party Coalition was defending three seats. The Labor Party was defending one seat. Labor Senators Don Cameron and Richard Keane were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party-Country Party Coalition was defending three seats. Labor Senators Robert Clothier, James Cunningham and James Fraser were not up for re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="20522564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522564" title="Qənidərə">
Qənidərə

Qənidərə is a village in the municipality of Çiçi in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522566" title="Prāyaścitta">
Prāyaścitta

Prāyaścitta () is the Hindu term for atonement and, along with vyavahāra (legal procedure) and ācāra (customary law) makes up the dharmaśāstra. It is the word used for the portion of Hindu law and the dharmaśāstra that has to do with the expiation of sins. It "denotes an act or rite...intended for the destruction of sin." Though the sins it pertains to is often punishable by the king as well as through legal proceedings, it is considered a different sphere of the law.
Effectiveness.
Goals.
Prāyaścittas are not necessary only for the cleansing of one's own soul, but also for the satisfaction rest of society, as they are not permitted to have social contact with one who has sinned and not completed their penance.
Intentional sins.
It is disagreed upon within the whether prāyaścittas are applicable and capable purifying if the sins were done intentionally. Manu says that some believe that passages from the Vedas indicate that all sins, whether intentional or otherwise are demolished by prāyaścitta, while his own belief is that unintentional sins are expiated through Vedic recitation and intentional sins can be obliterated by performing various prāyaścittas. At the same time, Yājñavalkya suggests that the results of sins committed intentionally cannot be undone through prāyaścittas. However, he continues with the thought that this will cause social contact with the sinner to be permitted. Alternative interpretations of this verse suggest the opposite, and that the purposeful perpetrator will be saved from Hell upon performing penance, but will not be allowed contact with upstanding citizens. There is also distinction made between a single occurrence of a sin and repeated infractions.
Classification and means of reducing sin.
The classification of sins varies between sources. Some state that there are only two types of sin, that which will result in a loss of caste (patanīya) and that which taints the soul, yet allows one to remain a part of their caste (aśucikara). Other sources have divided it between mortal sins (mahāpātakas), minor sins (upapātakas), and those committed by ordinary sinners (enasvins). The mortal sins are numbered five according to some sources. These five are engaging in intercourse with the wife of a guru, drinking spirits, killing a learned Brahmin, stealing from a Brahmin, and associating with an outcaste. The minor sins include abandoning the Vedic fires, atheism, earning a livelihood through atheists and the selling of soma, an important ritual plant.
In P.V Kane's well known work, the "Literary History of the Dharmaśāstras" he outlines the means for reducing the consequences of sin. It is important to stress that these means are a sort of methodology for penance. The do not outline specific penances for specific crimes. The literature on that topic is extensive in its own right. The reasons for reducing sin are as varied as the dharmasastric literature that they come from, however, the most important ways include confession, repentance (anutāpa), restraint of breath (Prāṇāyāma), austerity (Tapas), sacrifice into fire (Homa), muttering of Vedic passages as prayers (Japa), gifts (Dāna), fasting (Upavāsa) and pilgrimages (Tīrthayavartra).
Procedures for penance.
Two kinds of Prāyaścitta exist: one which is done openly, prakāś, and one which is done secretly, rahasya. Many smŗtis lay down rules about performing secret prāyaścittas. One reason a man would perform a secret prāyaścitta is because no one but himself knows about the sin he has committed. A general rule exists that secret penances are meant for those who have consecrated the Vedic fires, who are disciplined, old or learned, and that the open penances are meant for other people. It is even said that women and Śǔdras can perform secret penances because they too can give gifts and .
While some prescribe the enactment of a penance immediately as needed, some other place restrictions on the time (i.e. the Prāyaścittattatva says that a penance should not commence on the 8th or 14th tithi of the month). If one is in mourning, he may also wait to perform penance until the period of mourning has been completed.
Types of penance.
Pilgrimages.
Pilgrimages (tīrthayātrā) to a tīrtha, or holy place, are a part of dharmaśāstra and can be considered part of prāyaścitta. Pilgrimages were originally not very prominent within the early smriti texts, but become more popular at a later time.
The type of sin that may be expiated through pilgrimages is referred to as anupātakas. Several sources say that the benefits of pilgrimages are open to both men and women and people of all four varnas. Some go even further to extend the rewards of visiting a tīrtha to non-Aryans as well. However, some also call attention to the fact that doing one's duty as a householder is more important than going on pilgrimages, and it is only in special cases or once one has paid his Three Debts (to his parents, his teacher, and the Vedas) that he should resort to pilgrimages.
The proper procedure for a pilgrimage is debated within the , with questions such as whether one should cut his hair before a pilgrimage arising or whether a fast at the tīrtha is required. The mode of travel is also widely discussed, as to whether one may reap any benefit from traveling in a conveyance. The most widely accepted view appears to be that the greatest austerity comes from traveling on foot, and that the use of a conveyance is only acceptable if the pilgrimage is otherwise impossible. A portion of the merit obtained from a pilgrimage can also be gained vicariously, through the pilgrim thinking of another while bathing, or an effigy in one's image being lowered into the bath. By enabling others to go on pilgrimages, the benefactor also vicariously reaps a portion of the merit.
Vratas.
The concept of vratas date back to the Rigveda. Many commentators have tried to establish a definition for the word vratas, and what exactly it pertains to. However, these descriptions are varied. The general description used for vratas as portrayed in the dharmaśāstra is that of the religious vow or religious rite. They generally have to do with restraint and refraining from certain activities, though according to some commentators, it may also be a positive vow (i.e. "I must do this"). Vratas may be used for many different reasons. Like pilgrimages, it can also be expiatory, placing it within the realm of prāyaścitta, but it can also be used for other means, such as a voluntary vow or the obligatory ones commonly practiced by householders. Utsavas, or religious festivals, share some elements with vratas. They may contain elements of are often difficult to distinguish from the practice of vratas.
Vratas can consist of many different activities. Many vratas had to do with the feeding of Brahmins, a very auspicious activity, as well as giving to the poor and destitute. Other examples of vratas can include fasting. The śmrtis go into great detail on the subject of vratas, discussing even the details pertaining to what type of flowers should be used in worship.
Events such as death and birth, which can cause one to become impure, prevents a practitioner from observing his vows. A vow cannot be undertaken if one is impure. However, if one is in the middle of a vrata when impurity comes over them, they may continue with the vrata without any loss of merit, however there are still activities a person observing vrata must avoid. It is considered a grievous sin to abandon a vrata once one has undertaken it. Like pilgrimages, if one is unable to perform a vrata, they may have a representative do it for them, though this is only is the vow is obligatory or has to do with a special event. One may not have a representative if the vow is undertaken out of desire for something. 
Any caste is able to expiate their sins through the use of vratas. Women also are able to perform vratas, however, she must have the permission of her father, husband, or son. Likewise, any caste is able to expiate their sins through the use of vratas, though some only pertain to a specific caste.
Śāntis.
Śāntis are a form of appeasement done in order to avoid the wrath of the gods, as well as other bad omens such as bad dreams, the sounds made by unlucky birds, and the seizure by an evil spirit. All of the different śāntis for different occasions were considered to be prāyaścitta. In Vedic times, the śānti could be as simple as reciting a verse from the Vedas, though the use of water was also recommended. In post-Vedic texts, the number of situations requiring a śānti was expanded, and a massive amount of literature was dedicated to subject.
The śāntis are divvied into different groups. The first is adbhuta. This relates to unusual instances, like earthquakes, eclipses, and also the unusual omens, like a rainbow occurring at night. These are signs that the gods are angry at an individual. These adbhuras are then placed into one of seven different groups, each which is related to a specific deity that must be appeased. The śānti for these involve feeding and honoring Brahmins. The second is called utpāta. Utpatas are omens that reveal the gods’ anger and foretell evil coming to all people. It is sometimes defined as the reverse of the natural order. The final category is nimitta. As opposed to the other two, which only foretell evil and harm, nimitta can be signs for either good or ill. Nimitta generally refers specifically to the throbbing of one's limbs.
Penance according to age.
Prāyaścitta can vary according to the age and capacity of a person. If a young boy commits a minor crime, they do not have to undergo a penance, but an older male member of their family should in their stead. If one is younger than five, they are considered unable to commit a crime or sin, and therefore the need for penance need not be addressed, though some texts argue that this only applies minor infractions. Though the particular ages vary between the different smṛtis, the penances for boys below a certain age, men above a certain age, women, and the ailing are reduced to a half or a quarter, depending on the source. Also, when the penalty is death, women can be cleansed by the cutting of a limb.
Evolution of penances.
Adjusting to new times, new penances were made. This is due to the fact that the sages realized that the penances of the old smŗtis were very harrowing and even involved the loss of life. In this way, more humane and easier penances were created for more modern times. These were known as pratyāmnāyas. Hārita 288 states, "brahmanas who have studied dharmaśāstra should prescribe a penance appropriate to the age, the time and the strength of the sinner, the penance being such that he may not loss his life and yet may be purified; one should not prescribe an observance that will cause great distress to the sinner."
Overlap with Vyavahāra.
There are times when prāyaścitta and legal punishment by the king, which would be in the realm of vyavahāra, overlap. If one does the prāyaścitta to expiate themselves from their sins, depending on the gravity of their crime, they may still be punished by the king. Sometimes, the punishment by the king was deemed enough that penances were not needed, and the sins of the perpetrator are eliminated. According to Manu, "Men that commit sins and sins and are punished by the king become purified and reach heaven like good men who perform meritous deeds." However, some sources say that this is only the case when the punishment would be death. In these cases, the punishment is counted both in a legal sense and as prāyaścitta. This combining of penance with legal procedure appears to make the prāyaścitta more effective as penance ending in death can result in full expiation even from intentional sins. If one does not make preparations for performing prāyaścitta within a year of his crime, his sin doubles and he must make twice the reparations, as in paying twice the fines to the king and performing twice the penance.

</doc>
<doc id="20522567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522567" title="Felice Farina">
Felice Farina

Felice Farina is a Rome based artist. He grew through the ferment of Roman avant-garde theatre, both as an actor and backstage, developing - at the same time - a strong interest in animation and special/optical effects for film making. Since 1980 he thus experimented filmmaking riding the transition from traditional to digital imaging, producing several works mixing analogical and numerical techniques in film and multivision. In the same years he started applying elements of technical and industrial design to the field of arts, focusing on the relation between art and science and collaborating to several projects of kinetical and scientific art.
As film director he directed several documentaries and three shorts before jumping into his first feature film in 1986, at the age of 28. He spent many years in directing motion pictures, developing a great interest both in film drama research and in the new expressive challenges coming from compositing images and sound in the new multi-layer virtual environments.

</doc>
<doc id="20522574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522574" title="Xaspolad">
Xaspolad

Xaspolad is a village in the municipality of Zərqava in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522582" title="Riverside Stadium (Victoria)">
Riverside Stadium (Victoria)

Riverside Stadium is a ballpark located in Victoria, Texas which is the current home of the UHV Jaguars baseball team and the Victoria Generals of the Texas Collegiate League. It is the former home of the Victoria Rosebuds, who played in the AA classification Texas League from 1958 to 1961. The stadium was opened in 1947 as a part of Riverside Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20522584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522584" title="Qasımqışlaq">
Qasımqışlaq

Qasımqışlaq is a village in the municipality of İsnov in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522590" title="Mahmudqışlaq">
Mahmudqışlaq

Mahmudqışlaq is a village in the municipality of İsnov in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522593" title="Kələnov">
Kələnov

Kələnov (also, Kələnnov) is a village in the municipality of İsnov in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522605" title="Ebenezer W. Peirce">
Ebenezer W. Peirce

Ebenezer Weaver Peirce (April 10, 1822 – August 14, 1902), was a brigadier general in the Massachusetts militia, serving as 90–day volunteers in the Union Army in the opening months of the American Civil War, and a colonel of the 29th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry Regiment of the Union Army between December 1861 and July 1864. He later became a farmer, real estate speculator, historian and genealogist.
Biography.
Peirce was born in Assonet, Massachusetts to Ebenezer and Joanna (Weaver) Peirce. He attended local schools in Assonet and Andover Academy. He inherited an estate rich in real estate, and took up sheep farming. Peirce enlisted in the 4th Artillery, Massachusetts Volunteer Militia, in 1843, and continued his service up to and including the Civil War.
In 1861 Peirce was a brigadier general in the Massachusetts State Militia. Serving under Major General Benjamin F. Butler at Fort Monroe in Virginia, he was in direct command of the Union forces at the Battle of Big Bethel in June, 1861. On December 13, 1861, Peirce joined the volunteer forces as colonel of the 29th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment. His regiment was located at Fort Monroe and was involved in the battle of Hampton Roads. He was court-martialed for presenting burlesque shows to the troops of his command and for incompetency, but was acquitted. Peirce then fought in the Peninsula Campaign and the Seven Days Battles where, on June 30, 1862, he lost his right arm at the Battle of White Oak Swamp, considered part of the larger Battle of Glendale or Nelson's Farm. He was out of action until November 1862 when he returned to command his regiment and served in the siege of Knoxville. His regiment returned to Virginia with the rest of the IX Corps and fought at Cold Harbor. He commanded a brigade at the Second Battle of Petersburg. Peirce commanded a brigade during the following time periods: August 18–September 18, 1863; January 10–March 16, 1864; and, June 4–July 23, 1864. Peirce was discharged from the volunteer service on November 4, 1864 due to the loss of his right arm and general nervous debility relating to miasmatic diseases, and returned to Assonet. In 1880, he served one year as a member of the Freetown Board of Selectmen.
Peirce was married November– December 1849 to Irene I. Payne until she was granted a divorce from him on May 1, 1875, and the couple had one son, Palo Alto Peirce, who was many years the town clerk of Freetown. He was elected a life member of the Old Colony Historical Society on April 2, 1855, and a resident member on October 11, 1886. On April 5, 1892, Ebenezer Peirce married Ida E. Gardner, an 1881 graduate of the Bridgewater Normal School. On August 14, 1902, Ebenezer Peirce died at the age of 80. He is buried in the Assonet Burying Ground.
Legacy.
In 1867, the E. W. Peirce Encampment, Post 8, Grand Army of the Republic was established in Middleborough, Massachusetts and named for Ebenezer W. Peirce.
Peirce was an author of numerous books and articles on historical subjects in Bristol and Plymouth counties.
Peirce vs. Pierce.
In the Assonet-Lakeville area, there has historically been an inconsistent spelling of the surname Pierce. In some cases, parents with the surname Pierce are shown to have children with the surname Peirce, and vice-versa. The most common spelling of this subject's last name seems to be Peirce (sometimes pronounced as "purse").

</doc>
<doc id="20522619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522619" title="Assonet Burying Ground">
Assonet Burying Ground

The Assonet Burying Ground is the main public cemetery for Freetown, Massachusetts.
Prior to becoming a cemetery, the land occupied by the Assonet Burying Ground was used as a military musterfield for the southeastern Massachusetts area. The cemetery is , the first having been acquired by the town from Benedict and Thomas Andros in 1864, despite burials dating back to the late 18th century. The remaining were acquired from the heirs of Wallace T. Reynolds in 1956. Remains from two other cemeteries were moved to the Assonet Burying Ground, one cemetery having been disestablished, and the other having been reduced in size.
The entrance to the cemetery is on South Main Street, marked by two stone gates erected sometime prior to 1954. Near the entrance to the main cemetery is an abandoned receiving tomb, built of granite into the side of an earthen mound in 1892. East of the receiving tomb is a brick mausoleum, and on the northern edge of the cemetery is a tool shed built prior to 1910.
The cemetery is bounded on the north by the Assonet River, on the south by a residential subdivision, on the east by MA 24, and on the west by MA 79. The cemetery is at the southern extreme of the Assonet Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="20522625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522625" title="Çayqışlaq">
Çayqışlaq

Çayqışlaq is a village in the municipality of İsnov in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522631" title="Kepahiang">
Kepahiang

Kepahiang is a subdistrict ("kecamatan") of Kepahiang Regency, Bengkulu. It is also the capital of Kepahiang Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="20522634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522634" title="Toxmar">
Toxmar

Toxmar is a village in the municipality of Talabı in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.
References.
toXmar is also an internet site from Austria
toXmar

</doc>
<doc id="20522635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522635" title="Joe Ridgway">
Joe Ridgway

Joseph Arthur "Joe" Ridgway (25 April 1873 – "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a goalkeeper. He was born in Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Lancashire (now in the city of Manchester). He played for West Manchester, Manchester United, and Rochdale Town.

</doc>
<doc id="20522638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522638" title="British Leyland Motor Corp. v. Armstrong Patents Co.">
British Leyland Motor Corp. v. Armstrong Patents Co.

British Leyland Motor Corp. v. Armstrong Patents Co. is a 1986 decision of the House of Lords concerning the doctrine of non-derogation from grants. This doctrine is comparable to, but somewhat broader than, the doctrine of legal estoppel, assignor estoppel, or estoppel by deed in U.S. law. Under the doctrine of non-derogation from grants, a seller of realty or (after this decision) goods is not permitted to take any action (such as bringing an infringement action) that would lessen the value to the buyer of the thing sold. 
The factual context of the "Leyland" case was that the owner of copyright in the tailpipe of a motor car (the Leyland "Marina"), having sold or authorized the sale of the motor car, sought to use the law against copyright infringement to prevent the aftermarket sale of replacement tailpipes to purchasers of those motor cars. The court considered the application of other possible legal doctrines--such as implied license or "some form of estoppel"--but rejected them in favor of non-derogation. Lord Bridge observed:
There is an inconsistency between marketing cars and thereby creating whatever rights attach to their ownership on the one hand and acting to restrain the free exercise of those rights on the other. The law does not countenance such inconsistencies.
In his separate opinion, Lord Templeman pointed out that an implied license might be negatived by express language, under principles of freedom of contract, but that was not so when non-derogation instead is involved: “The right cannot be withheld by the manufacturer of the car by contract with the first purchaser and cannot be withheld from any subsequent owner.” That is, the nature of property makes the right inherent and not a matter of freedom of contract.
This case appears to be the first one extending the non-derogation doctrine from cases involving realty to cases involving personal property (chattels). Lord Templeman seems to have recognized this point in his opinion. After describing the operation of the principle in various types of case involving land, he stated: " I see no reason why the principle that a grantor will not be allowed to derogate from his grant land by using property retained by him in such a way as to render property granted by him unfit or materially unfit for the purpose for which the grant was made should not apply to the sale of a car." This decision also re-affirmed the ruling in "LB (Plastics) Ltd. v. Swish Products Ltd.", stating that the rule of the "Swish" decision must now be regarded as "settled law" (that is, that under UK copyright law a physical object is an infringing copy of a technical drawing depicting the object).

</doc>
<doc id="20522644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522644" title="Dalaqo">
Dalaqo

Dalaqo is a village in the municipality of Güləzi in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522649" title="Xanagahyolu">
Xanagahyolu

Xanagahyolu (also, Xanagah yolu) is a village in the municipality of Güləzi in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20522657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522657" title="Jardin Exotique de Roscoff">
Jardin Exotique de Roscoff

The Jardin Exotique de Roscoff (1.6 hectares) is a botanical garden located in Roscoff, Finistère, in the region of Brittany, France. It is open daily; an admission fee is charged.
The garden was begun in 1986 when the département of Finistère purchased the rocky outcrop Roc'h Hievec, and a group of amateurs interested in subtropical plants decided to create a garden on the spot. Today the garden contains about 3,350 plants from the Southern Hemisphere, including Australia and New Zealand, the Canary Islands, and South America. Collections include acacia, agave, aloe, cactus, echium, eucalyptus, "Pelargonium" geranium, fuchsia, palms, passiflora, and yucca.

</doc>
<doc id="20522682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522682" title="HMS Narwhal">
HMS Narwhal

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Narwhal", after the marine mammal, the narwhal:

</doc>
<doc id="20522683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522683" title="Armina neapolitana">
Armina neapolitana

Armina neapolitana is a species of sea slug, a nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Arminidae. 
Distribution.
This species occurs in European waters and in the Mediterranean Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20522706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522706" title="VTL">
VTL

VTL may refer to:
It is similar to the acronym for vertical take-off and landing (VTOL).

</doc>
<doc id="20522707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522707" title="Theodor Hirsch">
Theodor Hirsch

Theodor Hirsch (17 December 1806 – 17 February 1881) was a German historian who was a native of Altschottland, Danzig. He was a cousin to historian Siegfried Hirsch (1816-1860).
Life and career.
Born Jewish, he converted to Christianity and studied history and theology at Berlin, and in 1833 became a teacher at a secondary school in Danzig, where he would teach history for the next 32 years. At Danzig he focused on the local history of the city, and in 1850 was responsible for re-arrangement and supervision of the municipal archives. In 1865 Hirsch became an associate professor at the University of Greifswald and director of Greifswald University Library. 
Works.
In 1858 he published one of his better known works, "Danzig's Handels- und Gewerbegeschichte Unter der Herrschaft des Deutschen Ordens" (Danzig's Commercial and Industrial History under the Reign of the Teutonic Order). With Ernst Strehlke (1834-1869) and Max Töppen (1822-1893), he edited "Scriptores Rerum Prussicarum", a scholarly five-volume work on early Prussian history. 

</doc>
<doc id="20522717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522717" title="Norman Tapken">
Norman Tapken

Norman H. Tapken (21 February 1913 – June 1996) was an English footballer whose regular position was as a goalkeeper. Born in Wallsend, Northumberland, he began his career with local club Wallsend Thermal Welfare, before joining Newcastle United in May 1933. After taking over from Mick Burns as Newcastle's first-choice goalkeeper during the 1934–35 season, he went on to make a total of 106 appearances for Newcastle before joining Manchester United in December 1938 for a fee of £850.
Taking over from regular goalkeeper Jack Breedon, Tapken made his debut for the club at home to Leicester City on Boxing Day 1938; he kept a clean sheet as Manchester United won 3–0. He retained the number one jersey for the next two months, but a run of four games at the end of February 1939 in which he conceded 16 goals saw Tommy Breen take over. Tapken returned to duty for three games at the start of April, but a 3–1 defeat to Leeds United resulted in Breedon step in again for the final four games of the season.
During the Second World War, Tapken played in the Wartime League for his old club, Newcastle United (nine appearances), and Sunderland (two appearances) in 1942–43, before finding more regular action with Darlington (32 appearances) in 1943–44. In 1944–45, as well as playing for Darlington (six appearances), he turned out for Aldershot (three appearances), Brighton & Hove Albion (two appearances) and Chester (one appearance). He played one more season in the Wartime League with Darlington (six appearances), before returning to play 12 matches for Manchester United.
However, with the resumption of The Football League in August 1946, Tapken – now 34 years old – was unable to regain his place in the Manchester United first team, and in April 1947, he moved to Darlington on a permanent basis. He missed just 11 games in the 1947–48 season, but his performances could not help Darlington to any higher than 16th place in the Third Division North. At the end of the season, he joined Irish club Shelbourne, where he spent one season before retiring from the game; it turned out to be his most successful season as a professional, as the team won the League of Ireland Shield, the Leinster Cup and finished as runners-up in the League of Ireland and the FAI Cup, while Tapken himself was selected for two League of Ireland XI matches against the Irish Football League (Northern Ireland).
In July 1952, Tapken took up an assistant trainer role with Stoke City.

</doc>
<doc id="20522731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522731" title="I'm Back">
I'm Back

I'm Back may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20522759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522759" title="Len Langford">
Len Langford

Leonard Langford (30 May 1899 – 26 December 1973) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a goalkeeper. He was born in Alfreton, Derbyshire. He played for Manchester City, Manchester United, and Nottingham Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="20522769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522769" title="Lynchburg Courthouse">
Lynchburg Courthouse

The Lynchburg Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Lynchburg, Virginia. Built in 1855, it occupies a prominent position overlooking the steeply descending steps of Monument Terrace. The building is executed in stucco-over-brick on a granite ashlar basement and is an example of the Greek Revival. The building is capped by a shallow dome located over the intersection of the ridges. At the top of the dome is a small open belfry consisting of a circle of small Ionic columns supporting a hemispherical dome. The front of the court house has a three-bay Doric portico.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. It is located in the Court House Hill-Downtown Historic District.
Lynchburg Museum.
The building is now home to the Lynchburg Museum, which focuses on the history of Lynchburg and the surrounding area. Gallery themes include history, art and artisans, military history, culture, and the history of the Courthouse itself.

</doc>
<doc id="20522773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522773" title="Lascia ch'io pianga">
Lascia ch'io pianga

"Lascia ch'io pianga" is a soprano aria by composer George Frideric Handel which has become a popular concert piece. The melody for the song began its life as an Asian dance in his 1705 opera "Almira". As an aria the piece was first used in Handel's 1707 oratorio "Il trionfo del Tempo e del Disinganno"; albeit with a different text and name, "Lascia la spina". Handel later recycled the work for his 1711 opera "Rinaldo", giving the aria to the character Almirena (portrayed by soprano Isabella Girardeau in the opera's premiere) in Act II. "Rinaldo" was a major triumph for Handel, and it is with this work that the aria is chiefly associated. The aria has been recorded by numerous artists on record and CD, and is featured in several films including "Farinelli", "All Things Fair" by Bo Widerberg, "L.I.E." by Michael Cuesta and "Antichrist" by Lars von Trier. 
The piano melody can be heard in the introduction and coda to Tsuki Amano's song "Zero no Chōritsu".

</doc>
<doc id="20522786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522786" title="Arminidae">
Arminidae

Arminidae is a family of sea slugs, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Arminoidea.
Taxonomy.
The Arminidae family is classified within the clade Cladobranchia, itself belonging to the clade Nudibranchia (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has been renamed several times. It was originally named by d'Orbigny in 1841 as Diphyllidiidae, by H. Adams and A. Adams as Pleurophyllidiidae in 1854, by Bergh as Pleuroleuridae in 1874, by Verrill and Emerton as Heterodorididae in 1882, by P. Fischer as Dermatobranchidae in 1883 and as Atthilidae by Bergh in 1899. The name Arminidae is now in prevailing usage.
Genera.
The type genus is "Armina" Rafinesque, 1814
Genera in the family Arminidae include:
Further reading.
Two readings about "Heterodoris":

</doc>
<doc id="20522788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522788" title="Antonio de la Maza">
Antonio de la Maza

Antonio de la Maza (May 24, 1912 - June 4, 1961) was a Santo Domingo businessman and an opponent of Rafael Trujillo. He was one of the principle conspirators in the assassination of Rafael Trujillo that took place on May 30, 1961 and killed the dictator.
De la Maza grew up in Moca, Espaillat. His family had ties to Horacio Vasquez who was ousted by Trujillo when he started his reign in 1930. After attending the Corps of Military Aides, de la Maza became manager of a Trujillo-owned sawmill near Restauracion. In the context of the 1956 Galindez case his brother Octavio was used as a scapegoat by Trujillo's henchmen; he was presented to the American Government as the murderer of Gerry Murphy and killed.
During the assassination de la Maza left Juan Tomás Díaz's .45 automatic pistol at the scene, a complication that facilitated the Servicio de Inteligencia Militar's work as they could identify the owner. A few days later de la Maza and Tomas Diaz were killed by the SIM when coming out of hiding.

</doc>
<doc id="20522790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522790" title="1520 in India">
1520 in India

This article is about the particular significance of the year 1520 to India and its people. 
Events.
May 19 - The Battle of Raichur is fought.

</doc>
<doc id="20522797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522797" title="List of Washington Capitals general managers">
List of Washington Capitals general managers

This article is a list of All-time General Managers of the Washington Capitals.

</doc>
<doc id="20522799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522799" title="James Saunders (footballer)">
James Saunders (footballer)

James Edward Saunders was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He played in the Football League for Glossop, Manchester United, Lincoln City and Chelsea, and also appeared for Middlesbrough, Nelson and Watford. He was born in Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="20522804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522804" title="HMS Cachalot">
HMS Cachalot

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Cachalot", after the marine mammal, the cachalot, or sperm whale:

</doc>
<doc id="20522836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522836" title="The Grove School">
The Grove School

History.
The Grove School is a Montessori-based public charter school located in Redlands, California, United States. The Grove School serves grades 7–12 on two distinct but interdependent campuses. Based on Montessori theory and practice, the Grove School offers families in the Redlands School District, and those in surrounding communities, a unique educational option for their adolescent children. This small school (approx. 200 total enrollment) provides a unique community where students work together as they pursue academic, civic and community projects, both on- and off-campus. Community service, internships, sports and memberships in leadership organizations help provide opportunities that encourage these young adults to become productive citizens; at the same time giving them unique opportunities that help prepare them, and make them competitive, for a wide variety of college programs. Approximately 98% of the graduating classes in the past two years have enrolled in higher education immediately after high school.
The high school (grades 10–12) was founded in 1998 and is on the campus of the Montessori in Redlands school. The farm school campus (grades 7–9) was founded in 2003 and is a working farm, run by students. The classrooms are housed in the old farm house and its associated outbuildings. The land is part of the Heritage Park Historical District in Redlands and includes facilities for small livestock and basic agricultural crops. The Farm campus now includes the historic Barton School House. Built in 1901, it is one of the oldest buildings in Redlands. It was moved from its original location on Alabama St to its Heritage Park location on the Farm School campus. It is slowly being renovated for use as a school building. Ninth grade farm students are slowly incorporated into the high school community over the course of the year.
Academics.
The Grove School follows the Montessori philosophy that students learn best by "doing." To that end, the two campuses associated with Grove are designed to be developmentally appropriate for each stage of a student's development.
The farm is an optimal setting for 12–15 year old students that combines rigorous intellectual work with meaningful applications. The land provides a laboratory where math, science, history and culture come together to feed the creative and growing minds and bodies of adolescents.
The high school focuses on the standard University of California A–G college-prep curriculum as well as working to deepen the understanding of its students about the world at large. Teachers utilize a variety of teaching and evaluation methodologies that encourage both individual excellence and cooperative group work. Numerous AP classes are offered each year as well.
The average SAT score for The Grove School is 1320, and the average ACT score is 17.
The Grove is also a California Distinguished School.
Media.
Redlands Daily Facts.
The Grove School has been mentioned several times in The Redlands Daily Facts, a local newspaper, for the farm's activities. Participating in the school's sports teams, working at the Barton School House, and working with the Grove Community work towards their required community service hours, internship hours, and PE credits. They often have community field trips such as their locally known wheelchair trip, where the students who attend have to stay in a wheelchair for the day and go to the nearby shopping center.

</doc>
<doc id="20522843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522843" title="Battersea (Prairieville, Alabama)">
Battersea (Prairieville, Alabama)

Battersea is a historic plantation house in Prairieville, Alabama. The house was built from 1820-45 by the Vaughan family from Petersburg, Virginia and served as an early stagecoach stop. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district on July 7, 1994 as a part of the Plantation Houses of the Alabama Canebrake and Their Associated Outbuildings Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="20522859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522859" title="Lebanese Armed Forces Out of Service Equipment">
Lebanese Armed Forces Out of Service Equipment

This page contains all out of services arms and equipment used by the Lebanese Armed Forces since its early foundation. The items are arrange in categories according to the branch they are used in.

</doc>
<doc id="20522866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522866" title="1526 in India">
1526 in India

This article is about the particular significance of the year 1526 to India and its people.

</doc>
<doc id="20522885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522885" title="Ulster cherry">
Ulster cherry

The Ulster cherry is a sweet cherry cultivar ("prunus avium") that originated in the United States. 
History.
The Ulster cherry was created through an agricultural breeding program at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York in 1937, and was first introduced in 1964. It derives from the crossing of the Schmidt cherry (a mid-season cultivar that produces a dark red, moderately large fruit of a good quality and superior crack resistance) and the Lambert cherry (a heart-shaped cultivar with dark red and moderately firm flesh and a sweet flavor).
The Ulster cherry is named after Ulster County, New York, a region that is home to commercial sweet cherry production. The Ulster cherry is grown across North America and has been successfully introduced in Europe and Australia. The cultivar can be produced in harsh climates: when Norway launched its sweet cherry commercial production, the cultivar was imported for planting in that nation's fjord district, located at latitude 60°N.
Characteristics.
The Ulster cherry is a midseason cultivar. The dark red fruit is firm and large, sometimes measuring more than one inch in diameter. Its fruit has a strong resistance to cracking brought about by pre-harvest rains, and the trees growing the Ulster cherry have been documented as showing a higher resistance to southwest trunk winter injury, cherry leaf spot and the late spring frosts that can prove fatal to this cultivar. Cracking can be high on some young trees, but the level of cracking declines as the trees mature. 
Usage.
The Ulster cherry’s sweet taste has made it popular in several formats. It can be consumed as freshly picked fruit, and it is also used in canned cherries products. It has also been incorporated into wine production. The Peninsula Cellars Melange, created by Michigan’s Peninsula Cellars wine from a mixture of fermented sweet Black Ulster cherry juice and pure grape brandy, won the Best of Show Award at the 1998 Michigan State Fair. 

</doc>
<doc id="20522897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522897" title="1527 in India">
1527 in India

This article is about the particular significance of the year 1527 to India and its people. 
"See also:" the timeline of Indian history.

</doc>
<doc id="20522898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522898" title="Edwin Thomas (novelist)">
Edwin Thomas (novelist)

Edwin Thomas (born 1977) is an English historical novelist. He was born in 1977 in Frankfurt, West Germany, and grew up in Belgium and Connecticut, USA. He studied history at Lincoln College Oxford, where he met his future wife Emma and did significant work in the theatre. He now lives in York with his wife and young son, Owen.
After three years working at a local actuarial firm to pay the bills, he decided to start working part-time and focus on writing, He saw an advert for the Debut Dagger competition. He entered it with the first chapter of what became The Blighted Cliffs and finished runner-up. Eventually, he found an agent and a publisher.
He writes naval historical novels about Napoleon wars centered around the eponymous Lieutenant Martin Jerrold. His other series, written under the pseudonym Tom Harper, is centered around the First Crusade. His latest novel "The Book of Secrets" interweaves a present-day mystery with an historical account of the inventor of the printing press, Johannes Gutenberg and the artist known as the "Master of the Playing Cards".

</doc>
<doc id="20522902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522902" title="Adult education in Africa">
Adult education in Africa

Adult education in Africa, having experienced a comeback following the independence and increasing prosperity of many African nations, poses specific requirements on policymakers and planners to take into consideration indigenous cultural traits and characteristics. With a moderate backlash against Western ideals and educational traditions, many universities and other institutes of higher education take it upon themselves to develop a new approach to higher education and adult education.
Most contemporary analysts regard illiteracy as a development issue because of the link between poverty and illiteracy. Funding is inadequate and inconsistent and is needed for priority areas such as educator training, monitoring, and evaluation. There is a clear need for investment in capacity development, having a full, sufficiently paid and well qualified professionalized staff, and increasing the demands for adult education professionals. The majority of adult educators are untrained, especially in basic literacy. Governments often employ schoolteachers and others in adult education posts rather than experienced adult educators. Many of the difficulties experienced could be solved by allocation of resources to meet the needs (adequate funds, more staff, appropriate training for staff and suitable material). Underfunding is a huge threat to the sustainability of these programs, and in some cases, to their continued existence. The best-reported data on funding is about adult literacy and non-formal education programs. Funding for continuing education, either academic or vocational is provided and reported on, but little data is given on its financing. Funding may come from public or private sector sources. International and foreign aid is also likely to be important. The costs of much adult education seem to be kept artificially low by the use of state facilities and by the extremely low salaries paid to many adult education specialists. 
Public universities have not been successful in attracting older students onto mainstream degree programs and so the post-apartheid ideal of opening access to public higher education for growing numbers of non-traditional students is not yet a reality. However, certain countries have reported some success rates in Adult Education programs. Between 1990 and 2007 Uganda enrolled over 2million participants in the functional adult literacy program. The Family Basic Education program was active in 18 schools by 2005, reaching over 3,300 children and 1,400 parents. This is a successful family literacy mediation whose impact at household, school and community level has been evaluated. 
Unfortunately, the national reports typically do not provide sufficient information on the content of the adult education programs that run in their countries. In the majority of cases the name of the program is as much detail as is given. Curriculum content does not seem to be a major issue.
Cultural considerations.
African communities are very close knit; activities, lifestyles, particularities of individuals are nearly always common knowledge. Because of this, it is difficult for any one member or group within an area to take a significantly different approach to any facet of life within the community. For this reason, program planners for adult learners in Africa find higher rates of success when they employ a participatory approach. Through open and honest dialogue about the fears, motivations, beliefs and ambitions of the community as a whole, there is less social strain concerning individual divergent behavior.
In addition to strong traditional beliefs, years of slavery through colonization have led to a sense of unity and common struggle in African communities. Therefore, lesson plans in these areas should reflect this cultural sensibility; collaboration and cooperation are key components of successful programs. Teaching techniques that utilize these ideas may include story-telling, experiential simulation, and the practice of indigenous traditions with slight modifications. Every program and lesson must be tailored to the particular community because they almost always learn, live, and achieve as a group or not at all.
Informal education plays a strong role within indigenous learning in African communities. This poses a significant challenge to western-style program planners that emphasize formal learning within a designated time-frame and setting. These requirements must often be abandoned in order to achieve success in communities that have no strong affinity for time and formal education. Programs must be planned that become ingrained into the daily life of participants, that reflects their values and add positive functionality to their lives. Successful programs often involve more long-term learning arrangements consisting of regular visits and the free, unforced offer of information.
History.
The origins of African education may be found in Egypt in Northern Africa. One of the first convenient mediums for retaining information, papyrus, was used to develop systems for learning and developing new ideas. Well before contact with external cultures, Africans had developed pools of understanding and educational tools. In fact, the world’s first university was located in Timbuktu, opened in 2600 BC.
Indigenous knowledge systems, a tradition in which communities teach and learn from themselves through daily life rather than strict education, were also highly important and effective. The apprenticeship perspective was of particular use to ancient Africans; by modeling the necessary skills for others, junior members of the community learned to hunt, gather water, hold meetings, etc. The overall purpose of this task-orientation type of education was to both learn specific skills and "produce an individual who is honest, respectable, skilled, cooperative and conforms to the societal order of the day." 
The onset of the colonial period in the 19th century marked the beginning of the end for traditional African education. European forces, missionaries, and colonists all came ready and willing to change existing traditions to meet their own needs and ambitions. By demanding that communities create physical schools with strict curriculum, the foreign powers were able to dictate what the people learned, adjusting it to further their agenda. This not only forced new form and content to education, but abandoned the knowledge gained from the largely informal education. With less community awareness, efficiency in learning skills, and especially understanding of the past, African communities began to dwindle in education and prosperity.
Between the 1950s and 1990s, African countries finally regained their independence. With this recovered freedom, they began to rebuild their traditional forms of education. What had inevitably evolved, however, was a hybrid of the two models. Although children and adults may learn from their families and community, a sense of individuality has also developed that today both drives ingenuity and creates separation between groups and cultural tradition. African education programs have developed that involve both groups; an HIV/AIDS awareness program, for example, may involve members coming into communities and sharing their knowledge. Although this is a direct, cognitive approach, they also try to involve all members of the community, allowing for the creation of ownership and cultural acceptance.
Philosophies.
African philosophy of adult education recognizes the western ideas such as liberalism, progressivism, humanism and behaviorism, while complementing them with native African perspectives.

</doc>
<doc id="20522908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522908" title="Bob Valentine (footballer)">
Bob Valentine (footballer)

Robert "Bob" Valentine was an English rugby league and association footballer. In association football, his regular position was as a goalkeeper, and played for Manchester United. He also played rugby league for the Swinton. His brother was rugby league footballer Jim Valentine.

</doc>
<doc id="20522910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522910" title="Romanian Socialist Party">
Romanian Socialist Party

The Romanian Socialist Party () is a small Romanian political party with a socialist ideology. It is not represented in parliament. In the 2008 elections, it won 0.01% of the vote in the Chamber of Deputies and 0.02% in the Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="20522913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522913" title="Atriplex spinifera">
Atriplex spinifera

Atriplex spinifera is a species of saltbush, known by the common names spiny saltbush and spinescale saltbush.
It is endemic to California, where it grows in dry habitat with saline soils, such as salt flats. Its distribution includes the Mojave Desert, the southern Transverse Ranges, and the Central Valley, and surrounding mountain ranges. It is a halophyte.
Description.
"Atriplex spinifera" is a grayish or whitish brambly shrub with erect branching stems growing to a maximum height near 2 meters. The tangled branches are stiff and tipped with spiny points. The leaves are oval in shape and less than 3 centimeters in length.
The shrub is dioecious, with male and female individuals. The male flowers are small clusters in the leaf axils. The female flowers are solitary or borne in small clusters, and are enclosed in scaly bracts which become spherical as the fruit grows within.

</doc>
<doc id="20522926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522926" title="1529 in India">
1529 in India

This article is about the particular significance of the year 1529 to India and its people. 
"See also:" the timeline of Indian history.

</doc>
<doc id="20522942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522942" title="RéCréation">
RéCréation

RéCréation is a 1999 double album recorded by French singer Florent Pagny. It was his fifth studio album and his seventh album overall. It was on October 26, 1999, and achieved success in France and Belgium (Wallonia), where it remained charted respectively for 21 and 24 weeks, including a peak at #1 and at #4. This album contains cover versions of various successful songs originally recorded by other artists. There were two singles from this album : "Jolie môme" (#13 in France, #11 in Belgium) and "Les parfums de sa vie (je l'ai tant aimée)" (#38 in France, #30 in Belgium).
Track listing.
CD 2.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20522965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522965" title="1556 in India">
1556 in India

Events in the year 1556 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="20522996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20522996" title="Thomas Lippman">
Thomas Lippman

Thomas W. Lippman (born 1939) is a journalist and author, specializing in the Middle East and Saudi Arabia–United States relations. Lippman graduated from Columbia University. Lippman spent more than 30 years with "The Washington Post" as a writer, editor and diplomatic correspondent, also serving as the Middle East bureau chief for the "Post". Lippman currently serves as an adjunct scholar at the Middle East Institute.
Books.
http://www.neelwafurat.com/itempage.aspx?id=lbb159947-121841&search=books

</doc>
<doc id="20523014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523014" title="List of 1998 box office number-one films in the United Kingdom">
List of 1998 box office number-one films in the United Kingdom

This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekend box office in the United Kingdom during 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20523017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523017" title="1565 in India">
1565 in India

This article is about the particular significance of the year 1565 to India and its people. 
"See also:" the timeline of Indian history.

</doc>
<doc id="20523038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523038" title="Alfred Charles Emden">
Alfred Charles Emden

Alfred Charles Richard Emden, was a barrister and County Court judge best remembered as the author of the building law text "The Law relating to Building Leases and Building Contracts" which was first published by Stevens and Haynes in London in 1882. Subsequent editions appeared into the 1980s. This text gave rise to the Emden Formula to measure head office costs in construction delay claims, an alternative to the better-known Hudson Formula.
Life.
Emden was born in 1849, the third son of William S. Emden. He was educated at
King’s School, Canterbury and in Paris under Professor Meliot.
He entered the Inner Temple as Barrister in 1880. His publications included the "Law of Building, The Practice in Winding up Companies, Complete Collection of Practice Statutes", Various Digests of Cases, and several articles on legal reform.
Judge Emden was noted for the rapidity with which he dealt with cases before his court. He was often at odds with his fellow judges in the matter of case congestion. In the latter years of his life, a disagreement with a junior council caused severe comments regarding his conduct to be made by the Lord Chief Justice of England.
He was a member of the "Savage Club" and his recreations included motoring and golf. He lived in Crowborough, Sussex and Bromley, Kent.
Emden’s son was Alfred Brotherston Emden, the well known Principal of St Edmund Hall, Oxford.
Judge Emden died on 18 February 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="20523047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523047" title="1575 in India">
1575 in India

This article is about the particular significance of the year 1575 to India and its people.
"See also:" the timeline of Indian history.

</doc>
<doc id="20523048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523048" title="Tom Drees">
Tom Drees

Thomas Kent Drees (born June 17, 1963 in Des Moines, Iowa) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He appeared in four games for the Chicago White Sox in , all as a reliever.
Drees' greater fame came in while pitching for the Vancouver Canadians. During that season, Drees pitched three no-hitters, including two consecutive ones on May 23 and May 28 (the latter of which was only seven innings). Overall, Drees won 12 games for Vancouver with a 3.37 ERA. Despite that success, Drees did not make the majors until a September call-up in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20523067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523067" title="Mystery Team">
Mystery Team

Mystery Team is a 2009 film created by the comedy group Derrick Comedy. The story was written by Donald Glover, DC Pierson, Dominic Dierkes, Dan Eckman, and Meggie McFadden. It stars Donald Glover, DC Pierson, and Dominic Dierkes. It was directed by Eckman and produced by McFadden.
Plot.
The Mystery Team began with three children who styled themselves as detectives, solving mostly kid-related mysteries such as missing cats or a lost baseball, but also gaining some local fame. Somehow, the trio have remained as naive as ever, although they are about to graduate from high school. They have continued the same mindset and antics even though they are teenagers, focusing on children's infractions, although adults (such as their parents) wonder when the teens will grow out of this attitude.
To prove to themselves and the town at large that they can be "real detectives", the Mystery Team take it upon themselves to solve a double homicide when they are hired by a young girl to discover why her parents were killed.
Production.
In January 2008, Derrick Comedy took a hiatus from filming short online sketch videos to produce "Mystery Team", which is the group's first feature-length production. The film was independently produced and shot over seven weeks in the Spring of 2008. It was shot on the Red camera. "Mystery Team" was filmed primarily in Manchester, New Hampshire, Eckman and McFadden's hometown. Mark's Showplace, a real-life strip club in Bedford, New Hampshire, was used as Ponytail's Gentlemen's Club in the movie. The Lumber Yard scenes were filmed on location at Reeds Ferry Lumber Corp. Merrimack, NH.
The movie was shot on a tight budget. Dominic Dierkes mentioned on the DVD commentary and on tour stops that lighting problems forced a wardrobe change for his character. Dierkes said his initially white shirt reflected light that appeared to glow when viewed on screen. With several early "white shirt" scenes already shot, and not having the budget to reshoot them, the members of Derrick opted to write in a gag in which Dierkes spilled chocolate milk and used the shirt as a rag, forcing him to switch to a red shirt for the remainder of the movie.
Release.
"Mystery Team" premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival as part of the Park City at Midnight series and was then released by Roadside Attractions in select cinemas on September 11 and 18, 2009. After a high frequency of demands on eventful.com, the film received additional theater engagements throughout the fall, including one starting in New York City on December 4. A private screening was also arranged for employees at Pixar. The film grossed $89,442 in the United States.
The film had its UK premiere in February 2012 at the Teenage Wasteland festival organised by Ultra Culture.
To promote the film, the group released a new online digital short starring the central characters, entitled "Mystery Team Adventures: The Case of the Haunted Hotel".
The "Mystery Team" DVD was released on May 25, 2010. The film can also be purchased through Zune on Xbox Live for 800 Microsoft Points.
Reception.
Rotten Tomatoes reported that 53% of 17 sampled critics gave the film positive reviews and that it got a rating average of 5.2 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="20523093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523093" title="Jim Fiala">
Jim Fiala

Jim Fiala is a chef who owns two restaurants in the St. Louis, Missouri area. His restaurants are The Crossing in Clayton, Missouri and Acero in Maplewood, Missouri.
Jim Fiala is a St. Louis area native, who grew up in the suburbs of Crestwood, Sunset Hills and unincorporated West County. He is a 1983 graduate of Parkway West High School. He has a degree in Finance from Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas.
Fiala’s parents introduced him to fine dining at an early age. For his 13th birthday he was taken to dinner at St. Louis’ most elite restaurant, Tony’s. When the family traveled to New York or Los Angeles, they always dined at the places that were highly rated in the Michelin guide. 
Early Training.
Upon graduation from S.M.U., Fiala worked briefly in the Dallas area for an agency that promoted professional wrestling in Texas. In early 1988, he joined Clipper Cruise Lines as a deckhand. When an opening occurred in the kitchen, he took the job and began his career in cooking. He says “I got stuck in the galley for seven weeks and fell in love with cooking.” 
In late 1989, Fiala returned to St. Louis and worked for just over a year preparing food for Catering St. Louis. Fiala enrolled in the California Culinary Academy in San Francisco at the beginning of 1991. During his time in the Bay Area he worked for chef Jeremiah Trotter at Stars restaurant and for chef Patricia Unterman at Hayes Street Grill.
Chicago and New York.
Upon graduation from California Culinary Academy in November, 1992, Jim Fiala returned to the Midwest and accepted a job offer from Chicago’s Spiaggia restaurant in the Gold Coast area. He started at $6.50/hour and performed every aspect of kitchen work. 
In 1994, Paul Bartolotta of Spiaggia called Daniel Boulud, owner of Restaurant Daniel in New York City, and asked if he needed staff. Boulud said yes and asked about Fiala “Can he handle the pressure?” Bartolotta assured him that Fiala was ready for the move to the Big Apple. Fiala’s kitchen jobs in New York included “entrimitier” (vegetable cook) and “poussioniere” (fish cook). He also, for a time, made all the restaurant’s pasta. During his tenure there, Restaurant Daniel earned its New York Times four star rating. 
Following his time in New York City, Jim Fiala was recruited to cook at the Horned Dorsett Primavera resort in Puerto Rico.
Return to St. Louis.
In late 1997, Fiala came back to St. Louis. On April 15, 1998, with then business partner Cary McDowell, Fiala opened The Crossing (7823 Forsyth Boulevard) in Clayton. The name of the restaurant represented a “crossing” of Italian and French influences. The restaurant received several positive reviews early on and has enjoyed strong popularity as a leader of the “new breed” of fine dining establishments in metro St. Louis. 
R.W. Apple Jr. wrote about The Crossing in the New York Times: “Two chefs from Daniel in New York have set St. Louis on its conservative ear with this stylish bilevel establishment. A piece of poached skate that all but melted into a pile of mashed potatoes, formed the centerpiece of a satisfying meal that began with roasted beets and goat cheese and ended with perfectly simple, simply perfect vanilla ice cream.” 
Patricia Corrigan of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch named The Crossing 1998’s Best New Restaurant and called The Crossing’s Beef Tenderloin the year’s best Beef Entrée. 
Joe Bonwich, then writing for the Riverfront Times, said of The Crossing: “The result is a truly unique and innovative style for St. Louis and we should all be hopeful that Fiala’s youthful wanderlust has worn off and that he’s come back to stay.” He added: “This place certainly aspires to a national reputation.” 
John Garganigo of the Ladue News wrote: “In a short period of three months it (The Crossing) has become the darling of local movers and shakers.” 
As The Crossing grew into its position as an upscale, more formal, fine dining destination, Fiala and his partner sought to establish a more casual version of The Crossing in the Central West End. Liluma opened in 2002 and had a successful run until its closing in December, 2012.
Acero.
Jim Fiala’s Italian restaurant is Acero in suburban Maplewood, Missouri (7266 Manchester Road). Acero’s opening on March 2, 2007, was followed by an overwhelming number of positive reviews. In a city famous for Italian restaurants, Acero stands out. Acero is distinctive because it features the regional cuisine of Tuscany and Emilia Romagna in Northern Italy. Acero is the Italian word for maple.
Acero was featured in 2008 in the annual Restaurant issue of Bon Appetit magazine. “The Best Italian Food in America” were the words on the cover of the issue (September, 2008). Inside the magazine was a feature that included recipes from twelve different restaurants in the U.S. Acero’s contribution was its cauliflower ravioli with guanciale. Acero was the only St. Louis restaurant included. [12
Fiala’s concept for Acero is “artisan.” He says “I want Acero to be recognized as an ‘artisan’ restaurant, a place that embraces the Italian artisans, the guys who…have elevated our palates and now our expectations.” 
Personal Philosophy.
Jim Fiala is a “hands on” owner who spends time at each of his restaurants daily. His top priority is quality control. His mission: “We work on improving everyday.” He has told his employees that their goal should be to make “every meal a great meal.” 
Jim Fiala visited Italy in February, 2009. While dining at a restaurant in the state of Abruzzo, Jim met a man named Luigi Cataldi Madonna. Jim says that Luigi summarized Jim's own cooking philosophy in these few words: "Find the complexity in the simple." Fiala also visited Italy in 2011.
Jim Fiala is married and has three children.
References.
[1,3] St. Louis Business Journal, March 23–29, 2001, “Three Years and Counting.”
Links to references:
http://www.stlmag.com/media/St-Louis-Magazine/April-2007/Chef-QA-Jim-Fiala/
http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9804E7D81F3EF932A25752C1A962958260&sec=&spon=&&scp=15&sq=restaurant%20reviews%20ruth%20reichl%20daniel%201994&st=cse
http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9E05E6DC153BF935A25757C0A96F958260
http://www.riverfronttimes.com/1999-01-06/restaurants/1998-the-year-in-dining/
http://www.rftstl.com/2002-12-11/dining/split-personality/
http://www.bonappetit.com/magazine/2008/09/molto_americano
http://www.bonappetit.com/magazine/2008/09/cauliflower_ravioli_with_guanciale
http://www.saucemagazine.com/a/1633
http://dine.com/restaurants/rid/177396/Liluma-Saint-Louis-Missouri.html

</doc>
<doc id="20523096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523096" title="1583 in India">
1583 in India

The following is a list of events occurring in the year 1583 in India

</doc>
<doc id="20523099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523099" title="Doolittles">
Doolittles

Doolittles was an Irish sandwich making company. The company manufactured prepacked sandwiches for retail outlets to sell. It was headquartered in Laghey, County Donegal.
In 2001 Jenni Timony opened "Doolittles" in the "New Row" area of Donegal. The company began to manufacture sandwiches for retail outlets and expanded throughout Ireland. In 2006 the company won the Ulster Bank Invoice Finance/ Irish Independent Business Achievers Award.
Aer Arann served Doolittles sandwiches as part of its buy on board programme.
The company was liquidated in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20523101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523101" title="Emmett J. Rice">
Emmett J. Rice

Emmett John Rice (December 21, 1919 – March 10, 2011) was a former governor of the Federal Reserve System, a Cornell University economics professor, expert in the monetary systems of developing countries and the father of the current National Security Advisor to President Barack Obama, Susan E. Rice.
Background.
Rice was born in Florence, South Carolina, and was the son of Sue Pearl (née Suber) and the Rev. Ulysses Simpson Rice. His father died when Rice was 7. He attended segregated schools before his family moved to New York City when he was 16. Rice studied at the City College of New York, receiving a B.B.A. in 1941 and an M.B.A. in 1942 at City College of New York. He then joined the U. S. Army Air Force in World War II, serving with the Tuskegee Airmen. After the war, he earned a Ph.D. in economics at the University of California at Berkeley and was a Fulbright scholar in India. Rice integrated the Berkeley Fire Department as a student by becoming its first African American fireman. He next taught economics at Cornell as the university's only black assistant professor. He later served as a governor of the Federal Reserve from 1979 to 1986.
Career.
Rice was a research assistant in economics at Berkeley from 1950 to 1951 and was then a teaching assistant in economics in 1953 and 1954. In between, he spent 1952 as a research associate at the Reserve Bank of India as a Fulbright Fellow.
From 1954 to 1960, Rice was an assistant professor of economics at Cornell University. From 1960 to 1962, he took leave from Cornell to work as an economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and he then went on to be an adviser to the Central Bank of Nigeria in Lagos in 1963 and 1964.
From 1964 to 1966, Rice was Deputy Director, then Acting Director, of the Treasury Department's Office of Developing Nations. From 1966 to 1970, he was U.S. Alternate Executive Director for the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (World Bank), the International Development Association, and the International Finance Corporation.
In 1970, Rice took leave from the U.S. Treasury department to be executive director of the Mayor's Economic Development Committee for Washington, D.C.. In 1972 he left public service to assume the position of senior vice president of the National Bank of Washington.
Rice was appointed to the Federal Reserve Board in 1979 by President Jimmy Carter. He was the second black member, after Andrew Brimmer, who was appointed in 1966. Rice served on the Board for seven years under Chairman Paul A. Volcker
After leaving the Federal Reserve in 1986, Rice served on corporate boards and consulted.
Death.
Rice died of congestive heart failure on March 10, 2011 at his home in Camas, Washington. He was 91.

</doc>
<doc id="20523119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523119" title="Ernest Tubb discography">
Ernest Tubb discography

Ernest Tubb was an American singer and songwriter and one of the pioneers of country music.
Albums.
Selected compilations.
There are literally scores of vinyl, tape, and CD compilations and reissues of Ernest Tubb's recordings by a multitude of companies in the U.S., Germany, Japan, and elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="20523126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523126" title="Uncial 0278">
Uncial 0278

Uncial 0278 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 9th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Pauline epistles with numerous lacunae, on 120 parchment leaves (24.2 cm by 18.2 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 20-22 lines per page, in uncial letters. It is a palimpsest, the lower text contains theological writings.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
Location.
It is one of the manuscripts discovered in Saint Catherine's Monastery, Sinai in May 1975, during restoration work. Currently the codex is housed at the monastery (N.E. ΜΓ 2).

</doc>
<doc id="20523156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523156" title="Green Ecologist Party">
Green Ecologist Party

The Green Ecologist Party () is the name of an electoral alliance set up for the Romanian legislative election, 2008. The alliance consists of two green parties: the Green Party ("Partidul Verde") and the Ecologist Party of Romania ("Partidul Ecologist Român"). It did not win any seats in Parliament, gaining 0.27% of the vote in the Chamber of Deputies and 0.70% in the Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="20523178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523178" title="2009 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
2009 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 2009 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA", "Bama" or "The Tide") represented the University of Alabama in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 115th overall season, 76th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) and its 18th within the SEC Western Division. The team was led by head coach Nick Saban, in his third year, and played their home games at Bryant–Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. They finished the season undefeated with a record of 14–0 (8–0 in the SEC) and as National Champions.
Looking to build on the successes of the 2008 campaign, Alabama entered the 2009 season as the favorite to win the Western Division and meet the Florida Gators in the 2009 SEC Championship Game. Alabama closed the regular season with a 12–0 record including four wins against Top 25-ranked teams—and met the Gators for the SEC Championship in a rematch of the 2008 contest. Alabama was victorious by a final score of 32–13. The following day, final Bowl Championship Series (BCS) standings were unveiled. No. 1 ranked Alabama would meet No. 2 ranked Texas for the BCS National Championship. In the BCS National Championship Game, the Crimson Tide defeated the Longhorns 37–21 to capture their first-ever BCS Championship.
Alabama earned their third SEC championship since the inception of the SEC Championship Game in 1992, and their 22nd SEC title. The victory over Texas gave Alabama their 13th national championship in football (their eighth wire service title since the AP Poll began in 1936) and their ninth perfect season since 1925. The season included victories over the previous three national champions: Florida, Louisiana State University (LSU), and Texas.
The season marked the first time a player for Alabama won the Heisman Trophy: Mark Ingram won the award over Stanford running back Toby Gerhart. Other award winners included Rolando McClain, who won the Butkus Award and the Jack Lambert Award, and defensive coordinator Kirby Smart, who won the Broyles Award as the nation's top assistant coach. Also, six players were named to various All-America Teams with Terrence Cody, Mike Johnson, and Javier Arenas being consensus selections and Ingram and McClain each being unanimous selections.
Before the season.
During the 2008–2009 campaign, the Crimson Tide completed a perfect 12–0 regular season record with wins over No. 9 Clemson, No. 3 Georgia, longtime rival Tennessee, No. 16 LSU, and in-state rival Auburn to end a six game losing streak in the Iron Bowl. The Tide went on to lose their final two games in the postseason to end the season 12–2. They lost to the Florida Gators (31–20) in the SEC Championship Game, and to the Utah Utes (31–17) in the Sugar Bowl. Alabama reached No. 1 in the AP and Coaches' Polls for the first time since the final polls in 1992 and during the regular season for the first time since 1980 between weeks ten and fourteen. The Tide reached No. 1 in the BCS rankings for the first time in school history between weeks ten and fourteen. The team finished the 2008 season with a final ranking of No. 6 in both the AP and Coaches' Polls.
In February 2009, Alabama signed the No. 1 recruiting class according to Rivals and the No. 2 recruiting class according to Scout. Spring practice began on March 13 and concluded with the annual A-Day game on April 18. Televised live by ESPN, the Crimson team defeated the White team by a score of 14–7 before 84,050 fans in Bryant–Denny Stadium. Greg McElroy and Marquis Maze were named co-MVPs of the game.
On June 11, 2009, the NCAA Committee on Infractions sanctioned Alabama for "major violations" of NCAA policies as a result of athletes who received improper benefits in 16 of 19 NCAA sports, including football. As a penalty, the football program was forced to vacate 21 victories from the 2005, 2006, and 2007 seasons in addition to being placed on three years probation, ending in June 2012. The university stated that none of the textbooks or materials identified in the investigation were used for profit, and that the athletes involved who still had eligibility remaining were to pay restitution for the additional materials identified as part of the inquiry. Alabama appealed the ruling to the NCAA Infractions Appeals Committee in late June, but was unsuccessful; the Committee upheld the sanctions in March 2010.
During SEC Media Days in July, voters selected Alabama and Florida to again win their divisions, with 63 of 64 ballots choosing Florida to win the SEC Championship Game. Voters selected Julio Jones, Mike Johnson, Terrence Cody, Rolando McClain, Javier Arenas (as a defensive back), and Leigh Tiffin to the Preseason All-SEC First Team and selected Mark Ingram and Arenas (as a return specialist) to the Preseason All-SEC Second Team.
By August, Alabama had 19 players on 11 different preseason award watch lists. These included Cody and McClain for the Chuck Bednarik Award; Jones for the Fred Biletnikoff Award; Dont’a Hightower and McClain for the Butkus Award; Leigh Tiffin for the Lou Groza Award; Cody, Hightower, Mike Johnson, and McClain for the Lombardi Award; Cody and McClain for the Lott Trophy; Jones for the Maxwell Award; Javier Arenas, Cody, and McClain for the Bronko Nagurski Trophy; Cody and Johnson for the Outland Trophy; Arenas for the Jim Thorpe Award; and Mark Ingram for the Doak Walker Award.
Returning starters.
Alabama had 16 returning starters from the previous season, including eight on defense, four on offense, and all of the special teams. The most notable departures from the previous year were Andre Smith, Antoine Caldwell, and Marlon Davis on the offensive line; John Parker Wilson at quarterback; Glen Coffee at running back; and Rashad Johnson at safety.
Recruiting class.
Alabama's recruiting class was highlighted by seven players from the "ESPN 150": No. 4 Dre Kirkpatrick (CB); No. 6 Trent Richardson (RB); No. 12 D.J. Fluker (OT); No. 20 Nico Johnson (ILB); No. 36 A. J. McCarron (QB); No. 65 Kendall Kelly (WR); No. 110 Tana Patrick (OLB); No. 142 Petey Smith (ILB); and No. 143 Eddie Lacy (RB). Alabama signed the No. 1 recruiting class according to Rivals and the No. 2 recruiting class according to Scout. The football program received 29 letters of intent on National Signing Day, February 4, 2009.
Schedule.
The Sagarin computer ratings calculated Alabama's strength of schedule to be the most difficult out of the 245 Division I teams. The Congrove Computer Rankings also calculated it as the most difficult out of the 120 Division I FBS teams in its rankings. Alabama's 2009 schedule was officially released on December 19, 2008. In accordance with conference rules, Alabama faced all five Western Division opponents: Arkansas, Auburn, LSU, Mississippi State, and Ole Miss. They also faced three Eastern Division opponents: official SEC rival Tennessee, Kentucky, and South Carolina. Alabama did not play SEC opponents Georgia and Vanderbilt. Although not on the regular season schedule, Bama met Florida in the SEC Championship Game.
Alabama also played five non-conference games. For the season opener, the Tide played in the Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game against Virginia Tech at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta. The non-conference schedule also included games against Florida International and North Texas of the Sun Belt Conference and UT-Chattanooga of the Football Championship Subdivision (FCS). For the 2010 BCS National Championship Game, Alabama played Texas for the first time since the 1982 Cotton Bowl Classic.
Depth chart.
Starters and backups.
Coaching staff.
Prior to the 2009 season, Alabama made several changes to its coaching staff. Alabama lost their defensive head coach, Kevin Steele, on January 10, 2009, when he was hired as defensive coordinator for Clemson, and their linebacker coach Lance Thompson on January 16, when he was hired as linebacker coach by Tennessee. The following week, Saban named Sal Sunseri from the NFL's Carolina Panthers as his team's new assistant head and linebacker coach, and James Willis from Auburn as the new associate head and linebacker coach.
Game notes.
Virginia Tech.
Sources:
After defeating Clemson in the inaugural Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game, Alabama announced in December 2008 they would return for the 2009 edition against the Virginia Tech Hokies. The Tide dominated play for most of the game, outgaining Tech in total offense by 498 yards to 155, but mistakes, penalties, and poor play by the special teams allowed the Hokies to hang on until 18 fourth-quarter points sealed the 34–24 Alabama victory.
Bama scored first with field goals of 49 and 34 yards from Leigh Tiffin to take an early 6–0 lead. The Hokies responded with a 98-yard Dyrell Roberts kickoff return for a touchdown to give Tech a 7–6 lead. Following the recovery of a Ryan Williams fumble by Brian Selman deep in Hokie territory, the Tide retook the lead 9–7 on a 32-yard Tiffin field goal. Early in the second quarter, Antoine Hopkins intercepted a Greg McElroy pass. On the ensuing possession, Tech led 10–9 after a successful 28-yard Matt Waldron field goal. Alabama responded by driving 76 yards for a touchdown and a 16–10 lead, with the big plays coming on a 14-yard run by Mark Ingram, passes of 16 and 10 yards from McElroy to Julio Jones and the score coming on a 19-yard Roy Upchurch run. On the next Virginia Tech possession, three personal fouls and a pass interference penalty carried the Hokies downfield with Williams scoring on an one-yard touchdown run. The score remained 17–16 at the half after Tiffin missed a 36-yard field goal at the end of the second quarter.
In the third quarter Roy Upchurch fumbled the ball at the Tech nine after a long run, negating the lone scoring opportunity for either team in the third quarter. Still down by a point in the fourth quarter, McElroy hit Marquis Maze for a 48-yard completion to the Virginia Tech six-yard line, and Ingram scored a touchdown on the next play. A successful two-point conversion pass from McElroy to Colin Peek gave Alabama a 24–17 lead. On the ensuing kickoff, Davon Morgan fumbled and Chris Rogers recovered for the Tide at the Tech 21. The following Alabama drive stalled at the 3, but Tiffin's fourth field goal made the score 27–17. Poor kickoff coverage and penalties set up a 32-yard Williams that run cut the lead to 27–24 late in the fourth quarter. Alabama quickly struck back as Ingram rushed for 39 yards, McElroy completed a 19-yard pass to Peek, and then threw to Ingram for an 18-yard touchdown and a 34–24 lead. The Hokies never threatened to score again and Alabama won its opener, 34–24. Ingram led the Tide with 150 yards rushing on 26 carries and a pair of touchdowns, and he was named the SEC Offensive Player of the Week. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against the Hokies to 11–1.
Florida International.
Sources:
The Golden Panthers of Florida International proved a tougher opponent than Alabama expected in the first half. However, the Tide pulled away with a 40–14 victory in the 2009 home opener. Alabama opened the scoring with a 23-yard Leigh Tiffin field goal followed by a 24-yard Greg McElroy touchdown pass to Mike McCoy, which gave Bama a 10–0 lead. FIU followed the McElroy touchdown with T.Y. Hilton returning the ensuing kickoff 96 yards, bringing the score to 10–7. Bama responded with a 29-yard Tiffin field goal to extend the lead to 13–7 early in the second quarter; the following kickoff was booted out of bounds, which set up the Golden Panthers at the 40. The ensuing 60-yard drive resulted in a 9-yard Paul McCall touchdown pass to Greg Ellingson that gave FIU a 14–13 lead. Bama responded with a 64-yard drive culminating with a two-yard Mark Ingram touchdown run to put Bama up 20–14 at the half.
Trent Richardson continued the Alabama scoring in the third quarter with a nine-yard touchdown run to extend the lead to 26–14. A 46-yard punt return by Javier Arenas set up Richardson's second score on a 35-yard touchdown run on the first play of the fourth quarter. Alabama led 33–14. Terry Grant scored the Tide's final points with a 42-yard touchdown run to bring the final score to 40–14. Alabama outgained FIU 516–214 in total offense and 275–1 in rushing offense. Greg McElroy set an all-time Alabama record by completing 14 consecutive pass attempts and was 18–24 for 241 yards and a touchdown. For his 113-yard, two-touchdown rushing performance, Richardson was named the SEC Freshman of the Week. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against the Golden Panthers to 2–0.
North Texas.
Sources:
Alabama's second consecutive matchup with a Sun Belt opponent on the season resulted in its second consecutive victory, as the Tide defeated the North Texas Mean Green 53–7. Greg McElroy opened the scoring with a two-yard touchdown run followed by a 34-yard touchdown pass to Marquis Maze to take a 14–0 first quarter lead. The Tide continued the scoring in the second quarter, with touchdowns on a one-yard Trent Richardson run and a 29-yard McElroy pass to Mark Ingram followed with a 35-yard Leigh Tiffin field goal. This gave Alabama a 30–0 lead at the half. In the third quarter, Bama extended their lead to 44–0 following touchdown runs of five and one yard respectively from Ingram and Terry Grant. After North Texas reached the end zone on a 34-yard Nathan Tune touchdown pass to Lance Dunbar, Alabama closed the game with ten fourth-quarter points on a 20-yard Tiffin field goal and 9-yard Grant touchdown run.
Alabama outgained the Mean Green 523–187 in yards of total offense. It was the most points for Alabama in a game since beating Texas-El Paso 56–7 in 2001 and the most scored at Bryant–Denny since defeating Tulane 62–0 in 1991. By completing of 13 of 15 passes, McElroy tied a school record with an overall completion percentage of 86.7. The game was notable for McElroy as the North Texas head coach, Todd Dodge, was his high school head coach when McElroy led Southlake Carroll to the 2005 Texas Class 5A high school football championship. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against the Mean Green to 3–0.
Arkansas.
Sources:
In Bobby Petrino's first visit to Tuscaloosa as a head coach, Alabama opened conference play by defeating the Arkansas Razorbacks 35–7. After a scoreless first quarter, two big touchdown plays, a 52-yard run by Trent Richardson and a 50-yard pass from Greg McElroy to Julio Jones, had the Tide up 14–0 at the half. Arkansas responded early in the third quarter and cut the lead to 14–7 after Ryan Mallett hit Greg Childs for an 18-yard touchdown reception; the Hogs would not reach the end zone again as the Tide responded with three unanswered touchdowns. Bama scored first on an 80-yard touchdown pass from McElroy to Marquis Maze followed with two touchdowns by Mark Ingram, one on a 14-yard pass from McElroy and one on a 2-yard run, bringing the final score to 35–7.
Alabama outgained the Razorbacks 425–254 in yards of total offense. McElroy threw for career highs of 291 yards and three touchdowns. For his 65-yard, nine-carry, one-touchdown performance, Richardson was named the SEC Freshman of the Week. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against the Razorbacks to 10–8 (13–7 without NCAA vacations and forfeits).
Kentucky.
Sources:
In Alabama's first trip to Lexington since 2004, and their first road game of the 2009 season, the Tide defeated the Kentucky Wildcats 38–20. Alabama scored on their opening drive after Javier Arenas returned the opening kickoff 60 yards, which set up an 11-yard Mark Ingram touchdown for an early 7–0 lead. Kentucky responded with a pair of 49-yard Lones Seiber field goals. The score was 7–6 at the end of the first quarter. The Tide extended their lead late in the second quarter following a nearly seven minute, 13-play, 97-yard touchdown drive. Greg McElroy passes of 27 and 21 yards and a 13-yard run by Ingram moved Bama down the field, culminating with a three-yard touchdown pass from McElroy to Colin Peek to put the Tide up 14–6. With only 40 seconds remaining in the half, Kentucky tailback Derrick Locke fumbled the ball after catching a short pass. Courtney Upshaw returned 45 yards for an Alabama touchdown that put the Tide ahead 21–6 at halftime.
On the second play of the third quarter, Rolando McClain intercepted a Mike Hartline pass, giving Alabama possession at the Wildcat 38. Two plays later Ingram scored on a 32-yard run, making the score 28–6. Following an Eryk Anders interception that set up a 36-yard Leigh Tiffin field goal, the Wildcats reached the end zone for the first time on the ensuing drive. Hartline connected with Randall Cobb for a 45-yard touchdown reception in bringing the score to 31–13. The Tide responded with a 7-yard Darius Hanks touchdown reception to complete a 13-play, 76-yard drive. Kentucky scored the afternoon's final points in the fourth quarter on a two-yard Alfonso Smith touchdown run. The final score was 38–20. Kentucky's four turnovers sabotaged an effort that was better than any other of Alabama's previous opponents, as the Wildcats gained 301 yards in total offense and held Alabama to 352. McElroy threw for two touchdowns, giving him nine on the season against only one interception, and Ingram rushed for 140 yards on 22 carries. For his 12 tackles (8 solo), one interception, one forced fumble and one pass break-up, McClain was named both the SEC Defensive Player of the Week and the Bronko Nagurski Award National Defensive Player of the Week. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against the Wildcats to 35–2–1.
Ole Miss.
Sources:
Before the largest crowd to ever witness a game in Vaught–Hemingway Stadium, Alabama defeated their long-time rival, the Ole Miss Rebels, 22–3. Alabama struggled to put the ball in the end zone all afternoon with drives stalled at the Mississippi 8, 4, 4, 4, and 13. Each of those drives resulted in a field goal by Leigh Tiffin, who was 5 for 5 on the day. Other special teams contributions included a blocked punt in the second quarter and a recovered Dexter McCluster fumble on a punt return in the third quarter, both by Cory Reamer. McElroy struggled, completing only 15 of 34 passes for 147 yards, but Mark Ingram ran for a then career-high 172 yards and accounted for Alabama's only touchdown on a 36-yard run in the second quarter.
The Alabama defense had an excellent day, with Javier Arenas, Kareem Jackson, Rolando McClain, and Cory Reamer each intercepting a Jevan Snead pass. Overall, the Tide held the Rebels to 212 yards of total offense and a single Joshua Shene field goal in the third quarter. center William Vlachos was named the SEC Offensive Lineman of the Week and Tiffin was named the Lou Groza Award "Star of Stars" for his five field goal performance. The victory was the team's sixth in a row over the Rebels and improved Alabama's all-time record against Ole Miss to 43–9–2 (47–8–2 without NCAA vacations and forfeits).
South Carolina.
Sources:
In South Carolina's first trip to Bryant–Denny since 2004, the Tide defeated the South Carolina Gamecocks 20–6 on homecoming in Tuscaloosa. On the second play from the start of the game, Mark Barron intercepted a Stephen Garcia pass and returned it 77 yards for a touchdown and a 7–0 Alabama lead. Greg McElroy struggled; he threw a pair of first-quarter interceptions on Bama's first two offensive possessions. South Carolina's C.C. Whitlock fumbled the ball on the return of the second interception and possession was recovered by Darius Hanks. The Tide continued its drive to the Gamecock 8, and Leigh Tiffin kicked a field goal to put Alabama ahead 10–0.
Following a failed 49-yard Leigh Tiffin field goal attempt in the second quarter, South Carolina answered by driving to the Alabama five-yard line. However, the Bama defense held the Gamecock offense to three consecutive incompletions; the result was a 22-yard Spencer Lanning field goal to make the score 10–3. On the following possession, Mark Ingram ran 54 yards to the South Carolina 28. The drive stalled at the 17 and Tiffin's field goal made it 13–3. South Carolina responded with a quick drive that ended with a 31-yard Lanning field goal as time expired in the first half with the score 13–6.
After a scoreless third quarter, with 8:08 to go, Alabama took possession at its own 32 following a Gamecock punt. Taking direct snaps out of the wildcat formation, Ingram rushed for 64 yards on five carries, then took a pitch from Greg McElroy for the last four yards and the touchdown, sealing Alabama's 20–6 victory. The Alabama offense turned the ball over four times in this game after committing only two turnovers in the first six games. Mark Ingram's 246 yards rushing marked his third consecutive career-high effort and the third highest single game total in Alabama history. For their performances, Ingram was named the SEC Offensive Player of the Week and Rolando McClain was named the Lott Trophy IMPACT Player of the Week. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against the Gamecocks to 10–3 (12–2 before NCAA vacations and forfeits).
Tennessee.
Sources:
This edition of the Third Saturday in October was a defensive struggle with a surprise finish as the Crimson Tide defeated the Tennessee Volunteers 12–10. In a defensive struggle for both teams, Leigh Tiffin was 4 for 4 on field goals and accounted for all of Alabama's scoring.
With the Tennessee defense stopping the Tide on consecutive drives, Alabama's defense responded with Mark Barron intercepting a Jonathan Crompton pass at the Bama 19 in the first quarter. The ensuing drive resulted in a 38-yard Leigh Tiffin field goal and a 3–0 lead. The Vols responded with a 24-yard Daniel Lincoln field goal that tied the game 3–3. Tiffin hit field goals of 50 and 22 yards before Lincoln missed a 47-yard attempt at the end of the first half, leaving the score 9–3 at halftime. After a scoreless third, in the fourth Tennessee drove to the Alabama 27, but Terrence Cody blocked Lincoln's field goal. On the ensuing possession, Tiffin hit a 49-yard field goal to bring the score to 12–3.
Late in the fourth, Mark Ingram lost a fumble for the first time in his collegiate career, giving Tennessee possession at the Alabama 43 with 3:29 remaining in the game. The Vols drove the ball 43 yards in 2:10, culminating with an 11-yard Crompton touchdown pass to Gerald Jones to cut the gap to 12–10. The Vols followed with a successful onside kick attempt and regained possession of the ball at their own 41-yard line. After Tennessee was penalized five yards for a false start, Crompton completed a pass to Luke Stocker for 23 yards, to the Bama 27-yard line. With the clock ticking off the final seconds and Tennessee out of time outs, Crompton spiked the ball to stop the clock with four seconds left. This set up Lincoln for a 45-yard field goal attempt to win the game. However, Terrence Cody knocked his blocker over and broke through the line. He blocked Lincoln's field goal as time expired, preserving Alabama's 12–10 victory and perfect season. For their performances, Cody was named the SEC Defensive Lineman of the Week and Tiffin was named the SEC Special Teams Player of the Week.
LSU.
Sources:
With the SEC West divisional championship on the line, Alabama defeated their long-time rival the LSU Tigers 24–15 to secure a spot in the SEC Championship Game. Following a scoreless first quarter, LSU took possession on its own 9 on the last play of the first quarter and embarked on a 13-play, 91-yard drive that ended in a 12-yard touchdown pass from Jordan Jefferson to Deangelo Peterson and a 7–0 lead. Javier Arenas returned the ensuing punt 40 yards to the Alabama 49, and the Tide drove to the LSU 11 before settling for a 28-yard Leigh Tiffin field goal that made the score 7–3. Neither team could mount a sustained drive for the rest of the half.
At the start of the second half Alabama received the kickoff, took possession at its own 19, and started getting the ball to Mark Ingram. On the drive, Ingram was responsible for a 12-yard reception from Greg McElroy and rushes of 4, 12, 12, and 18 yards that advanced the ball to the Tiger 23. Two plays later, McElroy hit Darius Hanks for his first touchdown pass since the Kentucky game, and Alabama was up 10–7. The ensuing LSU drive stalled at the Tide 46. The LSU punt was downed at the Alabama 1-yard line. Two plays later McElroy was sacked for a safety, making the score 10–9. LSU returned the free kick to its own 41 and drove 59 yards for the touchdown, the big play coming on a 34-yard run by Charles Scott. The two-point conversion attempt failed, leaving the score 15–10 in favor of LSU.
Alabama received the kickoff and again relied on Ingram: seven Ingram rushes for 48 yards accounted for most of the offense on a drive that ended with a 20-yard Tiffin field goal, making the score 15–13. Following a LSU three and out, Alabama took possession on its own 27-yard line. On first down, McElroy completed a screen pass to Julio Jones which Jones turned into a 73-yard touchdown. After a successful two-point conversion, Alabama led 21–15. LSU went three and out again. A methodical 11-play, 31-yard Alabama drive consumed 6:14 of game time and ended in a 40-yard Tiffin field goal with 3:04 left to seal a 24–15 Alabama victory. Alabama won the SEC Western Division championship and clinched a berth in the SEC Championship Game against Florida, which clinched the East that same day with a 27–3 victory over Vanderbilt. Ingram rushed for 144 yards and Jones had 102 receiving yards. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against the Tigers to 45–23–5.
Mississippi State.
Sources:
Playing in front of the largest crowd to ever witness a game in Davis Wade Stadium, and with the Bulldogs wearing black jerseys for the first time in their history, Alabama cruised to a 31–3 victory over long-time rival Mississippi State. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama scored a pair of touchdowns in the second to take a 14–0 lead. The first touchdown came on a 45-yard Darius Hanks reception from Greg McElroy and the second on a 1-yard Mark Ingram run.
After a 39-yard field goal by Leigh Tiffin extended the lead to 17–0 in the third, the Bulldogs scored their only points of the night on a 34-yard Derek DePasquale field goal. On the ensuing kickoff, Javier Arenas returned the ball 46 yards and on the next play, McElroy hit Julio Jones for a 48-yard touchdown reception. The score was 24–3. Mark Barron intercepted a Tyson Lee pass at the Alabama 30 on the next Bulldog offensive series. On the following play, Ingram scored a touchdown on a 70-yard run to bring the final score to 31–3.
For the game, McElroy threw for 192 yards and two touchdowns on 13 of 18 passing, and Mark Ingram rushed for 149 yards two touchdowns. Mississippi State was held to 213 total yards, with Barron intercepting two Tyson Lee and Marquis Johnson intercepting one Chris Relf pass. For his performance, left guard Mike Johnson was named the SEC Offensive Lineman of the Week. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against the Bulldogs to 73–18–3 (72–19–3 without NCAA vacations and forfeits).
Chattanooga.
Sources:
On senior day in Tuscaloosa, Alabama dipped down to college football's Football Championship Subdivision and defeated the Mocs of UT-Chattanooga 45–0. After being stopped on their first possession, Alabama reached the end zone on the next five consecutive possessions in running up a 35–0 lead in the first half. First-quarter touchdowns included a 2-yard Trent Richardson run, a 25-yard Mark Ingram run, and a 19-yard Julio Jones reception from Greg McElroy. In the second quarter, touchdowns were scored by Javier Arenas on a 66-yard punt return and on a 40-yard Ingram run. With the only third quarter points coming on a 41-yard Leigh Tiffin field goal, Bama's final points of the afternoon came on a 21-yard Roy Upchurch touchdown run in the fourth.
Javier Arenas set the all-time SEC record with his seventh punt return for a touchdown and was named the SEC Special Teams Player of the Week. Mark Ingram led the offense with 102 yards and two touchdowns before being pulled early in the second quarter. Alabama outgained Chattanooga in total offense 422–84 and recorded their first defensive shutout since defeating Auburn 36–0 in 2008. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against the Mocs to 11–0.
Auburn.
Sources:
One year after Alabama's 36–0 victory in Tuscaloosa, the 2009 Iron Bowl contest against the Auburn Tigers ended with a 26–21 Tide victory and a 12–0 regular season. The Tigers, who entered the game 7–4 and unranked, took the ball after Alabama's initial three and out and struck quickly. On Auburn's fourth play from scrimmage, Terrell Zachery raced 67 yards on a reverse for a touchdown and a 7–0 Auburn lead. The run was the longest allowed by the Tide since a 70-yard run by Arkansas' Darren McFadden in 2005. Auburn then successfully executed an onside kick and retained possession of the ball. After the onside kick, Auburn drove 58 yards in 12 plays, scoring on a 1-yard touchdown pass from Chris Todd to Eric Smith. The Crimson Tide, which had never trailed in a game by more than seven points all season, found itself down 14–0 before the first quarter was over.
Early in the second quarter Alabama completed a 10-play, 58-yard drive by scoring on a two-yard run by backup tailback Trent Richardson. The key plays were a 15-yard pass from McElroy to Darius Hanks and a 13-yard pass from McElroy to Richardson. After an exchange of punts gave Alabama good starting position at the Auburn 45, the Tide quickly struck again with McElroy hitting tight end Colin Peek on a 33-yard touchdown pass that left the game tied 14–14 at halftime.
In the third quarter, Auburn scored on another quick strike. The Tigers took possession on their 24 after a Bama punt; Kodi Burns rushed for four yards, and then Todd hit Darvin Adams on a 72-yard completion that put Auburn back in front 21–14. The completion marked the longest play from scrimmage allowed by the Bama defense all season and the longest pass play since 1999. Javier Arenas gave Alabama an opportunity by returning the ensuing kickoff 46 yards to the Auburn 45, but Mark Ingram, who struggled the entire game, rushed for 7 yards and 2 yards and then was held for no gain on both third and one and fourth and one, and Alabama turned the ball over on downs. Auburn went three and out and punted, and Arenas set the Tide up again, returning the punt 56 yards to the Auburn 33-yard line. Alabama drove to the Auburn 10 before settling for a Leigh Tiffin field goal that cut the deficit to 21–17. Alabama kicked off and two plays later, Auburn quarterback Todd threw an interception that gave Alabama possession at the Auburn 43. The Tide drove to the Tigers' 13 before this drive also stalled, forcing another Leigh Tiffin field goal that made the score 21–20. As the third quarter ended, Auburn continued to hang on to a one-point lead.
Neither team could make progress with possessions early in the fourth quarter, and after an exchange of punts, Alabama got the ball on its own 21 with 8:27 to go, and began what would soon be known as "The Drive". Richardson opened with a 7-yard rush, and on third and three, McElroy completed a nine-yard pass to Julio Jones for a first down. Three plays later, on third and five, McElroy completed a six-yard pass to Jones for another first down and advancing the ball to the Tide 48. Two plays later, on second and eight, a third pass from McElroy to Jones for 11 yards led to a third first down. Two plays after that, a fourth pass from McElroy to Jones and a fourth first down at the Auburn 28-yard line. On second and nine at the Auburn 27, McElroy chose a different target, hitting Richardson for a first down to the Auburn 11-yard line. After a four-yard run by Richardson to the Auburn 7, the Tigers called time out with 1:34 left. Richardson took the ball three more yards to the Auburn 4, leaving the Tide at third and three. Each team called a time out in succession with 1:29 left. Alabama's offensive coaches called for a running play, but head coach Nick Saban, unwilling to settle for a field goal, overruled this decision and demanded a pass. McElroy completed a 4-yard touchdown pass to third-string tailback Roy Upchurch, giving Alabama a 26–21 lead with 1:24 to go. McElroy had completed seven consecutive passes on The Drive after missing his first.
A two-point conversion attempt failed and the lead was five points. Auburn took possession at the 25 following the kickoff and took 1:14 to run four plays and advance the ball to its own 46 with ten seconds to go. Todd completed a 17-yard pass to Darvin Adams at the Alabama 37, and after spiking the ball, Todd's last pass fell incomplete and the game was over. Alabama had survived, beating Auburn 26–21 despite being outgained 332 yards to 291 and being held to only 73 yards rushing.
Florida.
Sources:
Alabama faced Florida in the SEC Championship Game in a rematch of the 2008 contest, with the Tide capturing their 22nd conference championship following their 32–13 victory over the Gators. The Tide struck first, driving 47 yards with the opening possession before Leigh Tiffin kicked a 48-yard field goal and a 3–0 lead. Following a Florida three and out on their first possession, Alabama responded with an 8-play, 76-yard touchdown drive. On the drive, Greg McElroy completed key passes to Colin Peek and Marquis Maze and Mark Ingram rushed for 37 yards and the touchdown in taking a 9–0 lead following a missed extra point. On the ensuing possession, Caleb Sturgis hit a 48-yard field goal that made the score 9–3 at the end of the first quarter.
Alabama scored first in the second quarter on a 34-yard Tiffin field goal to complete a 68-yard drive and extend the Bama lead to 12–3. Florida followed with what turned out to be its only touchdown drive of the game. Rushes of 23 yards and 15 yards from quarterback and former Heisman Trophy winner Tim Tebow were followed by a 23-yard touchdown pass from Tebow to David Nelson, and Florida had cut the lead to two, 12–10. On the next offensive play, Ingram took a short pass from McElroy and raced 69 yards to the Gator 3-yard line, and ran it in for a touchdown from three yards out on the next play. The Gators ended the first half with a 32-yard Sturgis field goal to make the halftime score 19–13.
Florida opened the third quarter with a three and out. On the Tide's first offensive series of the second half, McElroy completed a 28-yard pass to Maze and was followed with a 15-yard personal foul penalty in bringing the ball into the red zone. On the next play McElroy completed the drive with a 17-yard touchdown pass to tight end Colin Peek. Alabama took a 26–13 lead. Florida got one first down on its next possession before punting the ball to Alabama. Taking the ball at its own 12-yard line with 7:36 to go in the third quarter, Alabama held the ball for the rest of the quarter and into the fourth, using up 8:47 of game time on a 12-play, 88-yard drive. Ingram, who rushed for 37 yards on the drive, scored on a 1-yard touchdown run early in the fourth quarter to increase Bama's lead to 32–13. Florida mounted a late drive that reached the Alabama 6 before Tebow threw an interception to Javier Arenas in the end zone. On Florida's next possession, the Gators turned the ball over on downs at the Alabama 13, and the Tide was able to run out the clock to secure the 32–13 victory.
For his 239 yard, one touchdown passing performance, Greg McElroy was named the game's MVP. Ingram rushed for 113 and Trent Richardson rushed for 80 yards. The victory gave Alabama its 22nd SEC title, their third since the inception of the Championship Game and their first in ten years—the longest time the Crimson Tide program has ever gone without an SEC championship. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against the Gators to 20–14 (21–14 without the NCAA vacation of the 2005 victory). Alabama earned their third SEC championship since the inception of the SEC Championship Game in 1992, and their 22nd SEC title.
Texas.
Sources:
Following victories in their respective conference championship games, on December 6 the final Bowl Championship Series (BCS) standings were unveiled, pitting the No. 1 ranked Crimson Tide against the No. 2 ranked Texas Longhorns for the 2010 BCS National Championship. The game was held in the Rose Bowl, although it was not the actual Rose Bowl Game, in which Ohio State beat Oregon six days earlier. Alabama came into the game having never beaten Texas, compiling an all-time 0–7–1 record against the Longhorns.
Alabama won the toss and elected to receive the opening kickoff. After losing thirteen yards on a sack and a penalty, Nick Saban called for a fake punt, which resulted in a Texas interception by Blake Gideon at the Alabama 37-yard line. On the initial possession, Texas quarterback Colt McCoy suffered a hit from Marcell Dareus which forced him to leave the game. Suffering from a pinched nerve in his throwing shoulder, McCoy did not return. With McCoy out, freshman Garrett Gilbert replaced him at quarterback, and the Longhorns settled for a field goal and a 3–0 lead. The ensuing kickoff was an onside kick, and Texas retained possession of the ball when Alabama failed to field the kick. The Longhorns only advanced the ball five yards and Hunter Lawrence kicked another field goal to go ahead 6–0.
The Tide went ahead in the second quarter. Greg McElroy threw for only 58 yards on 6 of 11 passing for Alabama, but 23 of those yards came on a completion to Julio Jones that advanced the ball to the Texas 12. Three plays later Mark Ingram ran it in from two yards out, and Alabama went ahead 7–6. After an exchange of punts, Bama took possession on the Texas 49-yard line, and on the second play Trent Richardson burst through a hole in the middle and raced 49 yards untouched for the touchdown, extending the lead to 14–6. Texas continued to struggle for offense in McCoy's absence, and on the next possession a Texas drive ended when Javier Arenas intercepted a Gilbert pass at the Alabama 25. Following a short punt late in the quarter, Bama drove to the Texas 9, and increased their lead to 17–6 following a successful 26-yard Leigh Tiffin field goal. It appeared that the Crimson Tide would go into the locker room leading 17–6. However, after gaining nine yards on a rush up the middle, Texas called time out with 15 seconds left. With the ball at the Texas 37, Gilbert threw a shovel pass to D.J. Monroe, who bobbled the ball and batted it into the arms of Alabama defensive lineman Marcell Dareus, who lumbered 28 yards for a touchdown that made the halftime score 24–6.
Having been sacked 4 times in the first half but had considerable success rushing the ball, Alabama came out rushing after halftime, attempting only two passes in the 3rd quarter. Meanwhile Gilbert, who had struggled early in the game, started to find his rhythm, mostly due to the efforts of Jordan Shipley, one of only two Texas receivers to catch a pass thrown beyond the line of scrimmage in the game. A 44-yard touchdown pass from Gilbert to Shipley cut the lead to 24–13. Early in the fourth, Leigh Tiffin missed a 52-yard field goal. On the ensuing possession, the Longhorns drove 65 yards and scored another touchdown on a 28-yard Shipley reception. A successful two-point conversion pulled the score to within three points, 24–21. Following an Alabama punt, Texas gained possession on their own 7-yard line with 3:14 to go. On the second play of the drive, Eryk Anders laid a hit on Gilbert that forced a fumble, and Alabama recovered at the Texas 3. Three plays later Ingram, who rushed for 116 yards in the game, ran it in for the score that gave Alabama a 31–21 lead. On the following drive, Gilbert threw a second interception to Arenas, and a Trent Richardson touchdown with 47 seconds left made the final score 37–21.
For their performances, Mark Ingram was named the game's offensive MVP and Marcell Dareus was named defensive MVP. Alabama beat Texas for the first time in their history, won its first ever BCS championship game, and won its first national championship since 1992. It was Alabama's thirteenth claimed and eighth national championship by vote of the AP poll or coaches' poll, the others coming in 1961, 1964, 1965, 1973, 1978, 1979, and 1992, and ninth perfect season, the others coming in 1925, 1930, 1934, 1945, 1961, 1966, 1979, and 1992. Alabama became the third school in major college history to go 14–0, joining the 2002 Ohio State Buckeyes and the 2009 Boise State Broncos.
Rankings.
Entering the 2009 season, the Crimson Tide was ranked No. 5 in the AP and Coaches' Preseason Polls. By week seven Alabama moved into the No. 1 ranking in the AP Poll and the No. 2 ranking in both the Coaches' Poll and the initial BCS rankings. After dropping as low as No. 3, following the victory against Florida in the SEC Championship Game Alabama captured the No. 1 ranking in the AP and Coaches' Polls as well as in the final BCS rankings. Following the victory over Texas in the BCS Championship Game, Alabama was selected a unanimous No. 1 by the AP and as the No. 1 team in the Coaches' Poll.
After the season.
Following the victory against Texas for the national championship, the team arrived at the Tuscaloosa Regional Airport on the evening of January 8. Several thousand fans were there to greet them upon their arrival. On January 16, a public national championship celebration at Bryant–Denny Stadium was attended by well over 30,000 spectators. Speakers at the event included head coach Nick Saban and Alabama athletic director Mal Moore. All of the championship trophies were available for public viewing. In early March, the team was invited to the White House, where Obama greeted the team and offered congratulatory remarks for their championship season.
For their victory, each team member and coach received three championship rings designed by Jostens: a university-issued title ring, a BCS issued title ring, and another for winning the SEC championship. The rings were distributed as part of the annual A-Day weekend the following April. Also as part of the A-Day celebrations, the 2009 team captains Javier Arenas, Rolando McClain, and Mike Johnson were honored at the Walk of Fame ceremony at the base of Denny Chimes. As recognition for becoming the fifth Alabama head coach to win a national championship, the University unveiled a statue of coach Saban along the Walk of Champions outside Bryant–Denny Stadium as part of A-Day festivities on April 16, 2011.
Final statistics.
After their victory over Texas in the BCS National Championship Game, Alabama's final team statistics were released. On the defensive side of the ball, they ranked second in scoring defense (11.71 points per game), second in total defense (244.14 yards per game), second in rushing defense (78.14 yards per game) and tenth in passing defense (166.00 yards per game). They were also the conference leaders in scoring, total and rushing defense. On offense, nationally the Crimson Tide ranked 12th in rushing offense (215.07 yards per game), 22nd in scoring offense (32.07 points per game), 42nd in total offense (403.00 yards per game) and 92nd in passing offense (187.93 yards per game). Individually, Leigh Tiffin led the SEC with an average of 2.14 field goals and 9.43 points per game.
Awards.
In the weeks following the SEC Championship Game, multiple Alabama players were recognized for their on-field performances with a variety of awards and recognitions. At the team awards banquet on December 6, Javier Arenas, Mike Johnson and Rolando McClain were each named the permanent captains of the 2009 squad. At that time both McClain and Mark Ingram were also named the 2009 co-most valuable players with McClain and Terrence Cody named defensive players of the year and Ingram and Johnson named the offensive players of the year.
Conference.
The SEC recognized several players for their individual performances with various awards. Alabama swept the three major individual awards on the AP All-SEC team, with Mark Ingram named Offensive Player of the Year, Rolando McClain named Defensive Player of the Year, and Nick Saban named Coach of the Year. In addition to Ingram and McClain, Javier Arenas (as a defensive back), Terrance Cody, Mike Johnson, and Leigh Tiffin were named to the AP All-SEC First Team. James Carpenter, Colin Peek, and Arenas (as a return specialist) were named to the AP All-SEC Second Team. Eight players were named to the Coaches' All-SEC First Team, including Arenas (as both a defensive back and return specialist), Mark Barron, Cody, Ingram, Mike Johnson, McClain, and Tiffin. Julio Jones was named to the Coaches' All-SEC Second Team. Nico Johnson, Barrett Jones, and Trent Richardson were named to the 2009 Freshman All-SEC Team.
National.
After the season, a number of Alabama players were named as national award winners and finalists. Mark Ingram became Alabama's first Heisman Trophy winner, with the closest margin of victory in the history of the award, over Stanford's Toby Gerhart. Ingram was a finalist for the Maxwell Award and the Doak Walker Award. Linebacker Rolando McClain won the Butkus Award and the Jack Lambert Award. Other national award finalists included Terrence Cody (for the Chuck Bednarik Award) and Leigh Tiffin (for the Lou Groza Award). Defensive coordinator Kirby Smart won the Broyles Award as the nation's top assistant coach.
In addition to the individual awards, several players were also named to various national All-American Teams. Javier Arenas, Terrance Cody, Mark Ingram, Mike Johnson, Rolando McClain, and Leigh Tiffin were named to the AP All-American First Team and Mark Barron was named to the AP All-American Second Team. Cody, Ingram, Mike Johnson, and McClain were named to the Walter Camp All-American First Team. Arenas and Tiffin were named to the Walter Camp All-American Second Team. Arenas, Ingram, Mike Johnson, and McClain were named to the AFCA All-America Team. With their selections on various teams, Mike Johnson, Mark Ingram, Terrence Cody, Rolando McClain and Javier Arenas were each consensus All-America, with Ingram and McClain each being unanimous selections.
All-star games.
Seven Alabama players were selected by postseason all-star games. Lorenzo Washington appeared in the Texas vs. The Nation Game. Justin Woodall participated in the East-West Shrine Game. Javier Arenas, Terrence Cody, Mike Johnson, Colin Peek, and Leigh Tiffin played in the Under Armour Senior Bowl.
NFL Draft.
Of all the draft-eligible juniors, only Rolando McClain and Kareem Jackson declared their eligibility for the 2010 NFL Draft. Ten Alabama players, eight seniors and two juniors, were invited to the NFL Scouting Combine. The invited Alabama players were tight end Colin Peek, offensive lineman Mike Johnson, defensive linemen Terrence Cody, Brandon Deaderick and Lorenzo Washington, linebacker Rolando McClain, defensive backs Javier Arenas, Kareem Jackson and Justin Woodall, and placekicker Leigh Tiffin. In the draft, Alabama had seven players selected. The first round selections were McClain (8th Oakland Raiders) and Jackson (20th Houston Texans); the second round picks were Arenas (50th Kansas City Chiefs) and Cody (57th Baltimore Ravens); the third round pick was Mike Johnson (98th Atlanta Falcons); and the seventh round picks were Marquis Johnson (211th St. Louis Rams) and Deaderick (247th New England Patriots). Both Peek and Washington, with the Atlanta Falcons and Dallas Cowboys respectively, signed as undrafted free agents.
Following the 2010 season, juniors Mark Ingram, Julio Jones and Marcell Dareus declared their eligibility for the 2011 NFL Draft. Five Alabama players, two seniors and three juniors, were invited to the 2011 NFL Scouting Combine. The invited players were offensive lineman James Carpenter, quarterback Greg McElroy, defensive end Marcell Dareus, running back Mark Ingram, and wide receiver Julio Jones. In the draft, Alabama set a school record with four players selected in the first round. The first round selections were Dareus (3rd Buffalo Bills), Jones (6th Atlanta Falcons), Carpenter (25th Seattle Seahawks) and Ingram (28th New Orleans Saints). McElroy was selected in the seventh round (208th New York Jets). Preston Dial signed as an undrafted free agent with the Detroit Lions in July 2011 after the NFL labor dispute was resolved.

</doc>
<doc id="20523195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523195" title="Temple Saint-Étienne">
Temple Saint-Étienne

The Protestant St. Stephen's Church () is the main Reformed church of the city of Mulhouse in Alsace, France. Its congregation forms part of the Protestant Reformed Church of Alsace and Lorraine. Because of its central location on the main square of Mulhouse, the "Place de la Réunion", and its 97 metre high bell tower (the highest steeple in the department of Haut-Rhin), it is sometimes referred to as the "Cathedral of Mulhouse" ("Cathédrale de Mulhouse"). The church was designed by the city architect Jean-Baptiste Schacre, who also designed the large Catholic St. Stephen's Church ("Église Saint-Étienne").
History.
Until 1858, the former parish church of St. Stephen stood at the location of the current building. The originally late Romanesque building from the 12th century was expanded at the beginning of the 14th century in the Gothic style. A substantially higher choir was added to the nave. In 1510, the Romanesque bell tower was remodelled in the style of the Renaissance. In 1707, the bell tower was crowned with an onion dome. In 1857, the city council of Mulhouse decided to replace the place of worship, which had come to be looked upon as dilapidated, by a new building. The city architect Schacre, who had already constructed the main synagogue of the city and the Catholic St. Stephen's Church, designed a church in the neo-Gothic style with a simple, rectangular ground plan without a transept and choir. In contrast to the long Catholic church, it was a squat, but very wide building. The bell tower, which is visible from quite a distance away, stands behind the building, in contrast to its model on the Freiburg Minster. The current church was built between 1859 and 1866. Since February 2009 and prospectively until late 2019, the church is subjected to a progressive restoration of all its exterior and interior parts. The work had started with the complete scaffolding of the steeple.
Furnishings.
A considerable part of the furnishings of the previous building were used in the St. Stephen's church of Jean-Baptiste Schacre. The most important of all the artistic treasures of the city of Mulhouse are the large leaded-glass windows from 1320 to 1350, famous for their vivid design and rich colors. They were originally in the choir and were set into the clerestory windows. The Baroque choir stalls of dark oak are from 1637. The stone church monument of Baron Friedrich Ludwig Waldner von Freundstein (1735), an important work of the local late Baroque period, was erected in the assembly room of the new church. Of the Silbermann organ made by Johann Andreas Silbermann (1765), only the case remains; it was moved into the Reformed St. John's Church (Temple Saint-Jean) of the city, when the old church was torn down. The current organ comes from the workshop of Eberhard Friedrich Walcker, but has been altered many times since it was installed in 1866, especially by the Schwenkedel organ manufacturer. The Baroque pulpit from 1647 is found in the Reformed church of Illzach today.
The main steeple houses the largest set of bells of any Protestant church in France. The five bells were cast in 1867 in Zurich.

</doc>
<doc id="20523198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523198" title="Ola South Africa">
Ola South Africa

Ola is a South African brand name that is part of the Unilever company.
In 2003 Ola acquired the Milky Lane and Juicy Lucy brands.

</doc>
<doc id="20523215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523215" title="Hudson Formula">
Hudson Formula

The Hudson Formula derives from "Hudson's Building and Engineering Contracts" and is used for the assessment of delay damages in construction claims. 
The formula is:
(Head Office overheads + profit) ÷ 100 x contract sum ÷ period in weeks x delay in weeks
Where Head Office is head office overheads and profits percentage submitted in tender.
cf the Emden Formula where only the actual head office overheads percentage is used.
A claimant must prove a necessity to maintain resources on the project and an inability to re-allocate them to more profitable work and must give evidence of the processes within head office to enable an assessment of the portion of overheads, if any, that are attributable to the delay caused by the breach.

</doc>
<doc id="20523239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523239" title="Stemonidium hypomelas">
Stemonidium hypomelas

Stemonidium hypomelas is a species of deep-sea eel in the family Serrivomeridae, originally described from a 171-mm specimen taken from a depth of around 1,000 m near Niihau Island, Hawaii in 1902. It can be distinguished from the related sawtooth eels by its reduced dentition, which more resemble those of the snipe eel. It is of no significance to fisheries.
Distribution and habitat.
"Stemonidium hypomelas" is widely distributed in the Pacific Ocean and the southern Atlantic Ocean, at depths of 500-1,229 m. Scientific trawls conducted off Hawaii show that this species occurs below 550 m during the day, with most between 700–800 m. At night, a small subset of the population migrates upward to a minimum depth of 175 m.
Description.
"Stemonidium hypomelas" has an elongated, band-shaped body, nearly of uniform depth in the middle and tapering towards the head and tail. The dorsal profile from the back of the head to the base of the rostrum is nearly straight; the jaws are long and taper to a very delicate, slender tip, with the lower slightly longer than the upper. The teeth are reduced to small granular plates arranged in a quincunx on the jaws and vomer with the pointed tips pointing backward. The eyes are very small and located in the middle of the head. There are two pairs of slit-shaped nostrils in front of the eyes, the anterior shorter than the posterior. The gill slits are long and very oblique.
The long dorsal and anal fins both begin about half a head length behind the gill opening. The first fin rays of the dorsal fin are delicate and difficult to detect. The anal fin is somewhat taller than the dorsal, with the fin rays of both becoming longer and more crowded towards the tail. The tail is short and pointed, but not filamentous. There is no lateral line. The upper half of the body is light gray and covered with fine black specks of pigment, and the lower half is abruptly jet black. The head is entirely black, becoming lighter at the tips of the jaws and the back of the head, and the last sixth of the tail is also black. The fins are all lighter in color. The males are smaller than the females, with larger nasal rosettes and eyes, and sometimes flatter tails. The maximum known length is 22.0 cm for a male and 37.5 cm for a female.
Biology and ecology.
Analysis of stomach contents show that "Stemonidium hypomelas" feed on crustaceans, mostly euphausiids but rarely also shrimps and amphipods. Reproduction is oviparous, with high reported fecundities ranging from 7,000 to almost 14,000 eggs per female. Female length at maturation varies from 22–30 cm, and the large size of their gonads relative to their bodies suggests that they may be semelparous, investing a high proportion of their available resources into a single, large batch of eggs. The males mature at 17.5–20 cm long; their better-developed nares and eyes may be an adaptation for finding widely scattered mates in the open ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="20523276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523276" title="Eu Sou Todos Nós">
Eu Sou Todos Nós

Eu Sou Todos Nós is the fourteenth studio album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho. It was released in 1998. The album cover is a reunion of several people pictures, forming the face of Zé Ramalho, which is an allusion to the album's title, "Eu Sou Todos Nós", which translates as ""I Am All Of Us"". It sold more than 100,000 copies in the first month.

</doc>
<doc id="20523287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523287" title="Atriplex suberecta">
Atriplex suberecta

Atriplex suberecta is a species of saltbush known by the common names sprawling saltbush and lagoon saltbush. It is native to Australia.
Distribution.
It can be found on other continents as an introduced species and invasive species, including southern Africa and parts of North America. It is sometimes considered a noxious weed. 
Description.
This is an annual herb producing sprawling, scaly stems 20 to 60 centimeters long. The thin, toothed leaves are oval to diamond shaped and up to 3 centimeters long. The male and female flowers are generally borne in axillary clusters.

</doc>
<doc id="20523295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523295" title="Organic wool">
Organic wool

Defining organic wool.
Organic wool yarn is wool that is from sheep that have not been exposed to chemicals like pesticides and are kept in humane and good farm conditions. The Organic Wool Factsheet of the Organic Trade Association (OTA) gives a detailed description of what does and does not constitute organic wool.
"The O'Mama Report" of the OTA identifies "land management, livestock management, scouring processes, spinning processes and dyeing processes" as key factors that determine whether a wool yarn or product can be certified as organic.
Companies worldwide selling organic wool.
New Zealand
Treliske Organic
Australia
Australian Organic Wool
Eco Yarns
USA
Maggie's Organics
O-Wool
Treehugger
Zen Sheep Farm Lamb and wool
UK
Garthenor Organic Pure Wool
Cornish Organic Wool
Ystrad Traditional Organics

</doc>
<doc id="20523304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523304" title="Gregg Cagno">
Gregg Cagno

Gregg Cagno is an American songwriter and touring performer in the singer/songwriter and folk genres.
Career.
Born in 1969, Cagno grew up in Clinton, New Jersey, and now lives in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He is a 2006 ASCAP award winner in the folk category, and was a finalist in the Kerrville Folk Festival's prestigious New Folk competition. Cagno has performed throughout North America in venues including The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts' Millennium Stage, Godfrey Daniels, Club Passim, Eddie's Attic, and Falcon Ridge Folk Festival. He currently records for Black Potatoe Records.
Mostly appearing solo, Cagno is sometimes accompanied by Karl Dietel on keys, violinist Carol Sharar, or Jimmy Heffernan on Dobro. In addition to performing, Cagno has taught songwriting and guitar workshops for the NJ State Teen Arts Festival and Young Composers festival.
Cagno's song "In Her Own Eyes" (co-written with Robert Meitus) is in the Smithsonian Folkways Recordings archives with the FAST FOLK catalog. The title track of his first CD "Backroad Driver" was featured on NPR's Car Talk. His tune "Just the three of us" was an award winner at the 2002 South Florida Folk Festival.
Cagno learned his craft, and perfected his smooth baritone voice, as a teenager playing and volunteering at the Godfrey Daniels stage in Bethlehem, PA. He began playing out regularly while a student at Rutgers University, and became a core of New Jersey's flourishing acoustic scene in the early 1990s (loosely centered around musician Spook Handy's weekly open mikes at New Brunswick's Corner Tavern). It was during this time that he met and began occasionally performing with Linda Sharar. After college, Cagno moved to Hoboken, New Jersey and quickly established himself as a leading figure in what was then one of the most important alt music scenes in America.
In 1995, Cagno teamed up with Sharar and Christian Bauman (Cagno and Bauman attended North Hunterdon High School together) and the bands The Marys, Big Happy Crowd and The Amazing Incredibles to create the musical collective Camp Hoboken. The name Camp Hoboken came from Cagno's regular camping spot at the Falcon Ridge Folk Festival. The artists collaborated on songs and performances until 1999, and released two recordings. Sharar, Cagno, and Bauman often toured under the Camp Hoboken name, frequently with the late Rachel Bissex. In interviews with National Public Radio and on Vin Scelsa's "Idiot's Delight", Bauman said that the Camp Hoboken era was the basis for his third novel "In Hoboken" (2008) and that the character of James was loosely based on Gregg Cagno.

</doc>
<doc id="20523308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523308" title="Thomas W. Bifwoli">
Thomas W. Bifwoli

Mr Thomas W. Bifwoli is a career Customs Officer who works for the Kenya Revenue Authority (KRA). He worked in the Regional Intelligence Liaison Office before being appointed the head of the Mombasa Anti-smuggling team in 2005. In May 2006, Mr Thomas W. Bifwoli was appointed by the UN secretary General Kofi Annan to serve on the UN Panel of Experts as the Customs and Border control expert The United Nations Panel of experts concerning the Sudan is established by the UN Security Council Resolution 1591 of March 2005 [http://www.un.org/sc/committees/1591/index.shtml. Its mandate is to among others monitor the Arms Embargo on Darfur.
Mr. Thomas W. Bifwoli was subsequently re-appointed for one year to continue serving on the Panel until Sept 2007. On 5 December 2007, he was appointed by the UN secretary General Ban Ki-moon to be the coordinator of the Panel until 15 October 2008 [http://www.unicnairobi.org/SG_Panel.asp]. Mr. Bifwoli now works as the head of the World Customs Organization Regional Intelligence Liaison Office (WCO RILO) for Eastern and Southern Africa based in Nairobi, Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="20523318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523318" title="Pierre Kolp">
Pierre Kolp

Pierre Kolp is a Belgian composer and music pedagogue, born in Cologne (Germany), 23 March 1969.
With the composers Juan Carlos Tolosa, Francis Ubertelli and David Nuñezañez, he founded in 1995 Black Jackets Company, International Society of Contemporary Arts benched in Brussels, inside which he is very active with Black Jackets Composers and Black Jackets Editions.
Pedagogy researches.
Always involving in music education researches, Pierre Kolp has taught for years music theory, organology, aesthetics, history and composition. In 1997, he becomes Director of Institut de Rythmique Jaques-Dalcroze de Belgique. In 2004, elected by his pars, he becomes President of the National association of and delegate to European Music schools Union (EMU). Due to his passion for pedagogy, he wrote several articles, mainly based on creativity, or linked expression, time and musical spaces.
Combining art and pedagogy activities, Pierre Kolp gave composition master classes at University of Córdoba (1999) and at Pontifical Catholic University of Chile (2002). He also works with conductor Juan Carlos Tolosa, composer André Ristic and virtuoso pianist Stephane Ginsburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="20523358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523358" title="Garland Hill Historic District">
Garland Hill Historic District

The Garland Hill Historic District is a national historic district located in Lynchburg, Virginia. The area is a small residential neighborhood incorporating the summit of one of the numerous hills surround downtown Lynchburg. The neighborhood was home to many of Lynchburg's oldest and most distinguished families, many of whom were associated with the tobacco industry. Buildings in the district represent a variety of styles from the early 19th century through the early 20th century including the Gothic Revival, Victorian, and Queen Anne styles, some of which were designed by Lynchburg architects Edward Frye and Stanhope S. Johnson.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20523375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523375" title="The Education of Lev Navrozov">
The Education of Lev Navrozov

The Education of Lev Navrozov: A Life in the Closed World Once Called Russia is a "memoir" of life in the Soviet Union by Lev Navrozov, the first of seven volumes. It was first published by Harper & Row in 1975.
Background and content.
Navrozov was a freelance translator who had resisted joining the Communist Party but had managed to secure an effective monopoly over English translations for publication, and enjoyed a privileged lifestyle as a result. He began his clandestine study of the history of the Stalinist regime in 1953 after Stalin's death, in the hopes of smuggling the manuscripts abroad. Navrozov managed to defect to the West with his family in 1972, travelling through Israel to the United States. "The Education", published three years later, covered the first seven years of Navrozov's life, from the end of Lenin's New Economic Policy in 1928, to 1935. It recounts the contemporary effects of Joseph Stalin's public relations campaign in the aftermath of the assassination of rival Sergei Kirov. A blend of personal recollections, social commentary and political history, the "memoir" was a best-seller, establishing Navrozov as a prominent Russian dissident.
Reception.
"It bids fair to take its place beside the works of Laurence Sterne and Henry Adams," wrote the American philosopher Sidney Hook, "… but it is far richer in scope and more gripping in content." Eugene Lyons, author of the pioneering 1937 work "Assignment in Utopia", described the book as "uniquely revealing", while Robert Massie, author of "Nicholas and Alexandra", wrote of the author’s "individual genius."
In a review for "The New York Review of Books", Helen Muchnic took issue with Navrozov's characterisation of Russian Futurist poet Vladimir Mayakovsky, calling Navrozov as a "hardened cynic" unequal to "complex, majestic theme of Russia" and who lacked the "necessary objectivity and patience". In a subsequent letter to the editor to the "Review", Navrosov called Muchnic's review "a stimulating study in creative sterility out to destroy blindly whatever endangers its stock of clichés", proposing that it was composed of uncritical restatements of Soviet propaganda and gratuitous, unfounded insults.
Saul Bellow, the Nobel-prize winning novelist, responded to "The Education" by using Navrozov as the model for a modern Russian dissident thinker in two of his books, thereby beginning a lively correspondence that continued until the American novelist's death. Bellow cited Navrozov, along with Sinyavsky, Vladimir Maximov and Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, as one of his epoch's "commanding figures" and "men of genius."In Bellow's non-fictional account "To Jerusalem and Back", Navrozov is referred to in the same vein, this time by the author.</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="20523389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523389" title="List of Chicago Blackhawks general managers">
List of Chicago Blackhawks general managers

This article is a list of All-time General Managers of the Chicago Blackhawks. 
For much of the early history of the Chicago Black Hawks, the title of "general manager" did not exist. Much of the work of managing the team operations, player contracts and the like was done by owner Frederic McLaughlin, with Bill Tobin as his assistant. Tobin joined the team in 1926 after a brief playing career as a goaltender. He has been variously named as a ticket taker, stick boy and first general manager by appointment by McLaughlin from that time. Tobin held several titles during his term with the Black Hawks. He coached for two years in the 1930s. On the 1934 Stanley Cup win, Tobin is listed as secretary-treasurer. In 1938, Tobin was named president of the team, and for all practical purposes was general manager from that time forward, although McLaughlin stated at the time that it was a change in title only. After McLaughlin died, Tobin was part-owner and president of the team. The actual title of general manager was created in 1952, and Bill Tobin held the title in addition to the title of vice-president. Even when Tommy Ivan was hired in 1954, his title was manager of hockey operations, including the farm team.

</doc>
<doc id="20523390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523390" title="Last Nine Days of the Bismarck">
Last Nine Days of the Bismarck

The Last Nine Days of the Bismarck (Little Brown, 1958), also published as "Hunting the Bismark" (Michael Joseph, 1959), was written by C.S. Forester (1899-1966), the author of the popular Horatio Hornblower series of naval-themed books. 
The "Last Nine Days of the Bismarck" tells the story of the breakout of the German battleship "Bismarck" into the Atlantic as a major threat to the convoys that sustained Britain in the early days of World War II and the Royal Navy's desperate pursuit and destruction of the "Bismarck". A movie based on Forester's book, "Sink the Bismarck!" was released by Twentieth Century-Fox in 1960, with the book reprinted in paperback under the title "Sink the Bismarck!" (Bantam, 1959) as a promotional tie-in.

</doc>
<doc id="20523394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523394" title="National Democratic Christian Party">
National Democratic Christian Party

The National Democratic Christian Party () is a small Romanian political party. It is not represented in parliament. In the 2008 elections, it won only 316 votes (below 0.01%) for the Chamber of Deputies and 1365 votes (0.02%) for the Senate. It is mainly a local party working in Prahova County and in the county capital Ploieşti. The NDCP has 5 representatives in the county council and also 2 in the city council of Ploieşti.

</doc>
<doc id="20523426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523426" title="Malleolar sulcus">
Malleolar sulcus

There are two malleolar sulci, medial and lateral.
The medial malleolar sulcus is the posto-inferior groove just lateral to the medial malleolus on the distal part of the tibia. It is where the tendons of the tibialis posterior and flexor digitorum longus course on their way to their insertions on the foot.
The lateral malleolar sulcus is the posto-inferior groove on the distal part of the fibula. The tendons of the peroneus longus and peroneus brevis course behind it on the way to their insertions on the foot.

</doc>
<doc id="20523442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523442" title="Uncial 0279">
Uncial 0279

Uncial 0279 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the Eighth or Ninth Centuries. 
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Luke 8:32-44; 22:3.15-16, on 2 parchment leaves (31 cm x 24 cm). They are in a fragmentary condition. The text is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page, in uncial letters. It is a palimpsest, the upper text was written in Greek, in uncial letters, and contains liturgical texts.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th or 9th centuries.
Location.
Uncial 0279 is one of the manuscripts discovered in Saint Catherine's Monastery in Sinai in May 1975, during restoration work. 
Currently the codex is housed at the Saint Catherine's Monastery (N.E. ΜΓ 15).

</doc>
<doc id="20523458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523458" title="Scrub Island">
Scrub Island

Scrub Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20523477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523477" title="Kurdistan Presidency Council">
Kurdistan Presidency Council

Kurdistan Presidency Council is a governmental body of the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) headed by President Massoud Barzani, the leader of the Kurdistan Democratic Party. The council also includes the Deputy President Kosrat Rasul Ali, the Speaker and Deputy Speaker of the Kurdistan National Assembly, the Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister and the Chief of Staff of the Presidency of the Kurdistan Region.

</doc>
<doc id="20523482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523482" title="United States presidential election in Maine, 2008">
United States presidential election in Maine, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Maine took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Maine is one of two states in the U.S. that instead of all of the state's 4 electors of the Electoral College to vote based upon the statewide results of the voters, two of the individual electors vote based on their congressional district because Maine has two congressional districts. The other two electors vote based upon the statewide results. See below in the section of "Electors" for more information.
Maine once again displayed it status as a blue state, with Democrat Barack Obama taking the state with 57.71% of the vote and a difference of 126,650 votes. Maine has voted Democratic since 1992 and is the only state other than Nebraska to split its electoral votes, though it has not yet done so. It is also the only state in New England where a county voted for Republican John McCain, with Piscataquis County giving McCain roughly 50.7% of the vote.
Campaign.
Polling.
Obama won every single pre-election poll. The final 3 polls averaged Obama leading 55% to 39%.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $465,676 in the state, while Barack Obama raised $2,205,059.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $1,216,060 while McCain and the RNC spent $444,529. The Obama ticket didn't visit the state, but both McCain and Palin visited Maine once.
Analysis.
Maine is located in New England, an area that has become a hotbed for the Democratic Party. It was once a classic Yankee Republican state. It identified with the newly formed GOP in 1856 and stayed in the GOP fold for most of the next 132 years. The GOP carried the state in all but three elections from 1856 to 1988. Additionally, Maine and Vermont were the only two states that voted against Franklin D. Roosevelt in all four of his campaigns. However, no Republican presidential nominee has carried Maine since George H.W. Bush in 1988, leading many analysts to reckon the state as part of the solid bloc of blue states in the Northeast. While George W. Bush seriously contested the state in 2000 and 2004, polls in 2008 never showed anything but a significant Obama lead. 
Ultimately, Obama won the state by a comfortable margin, taking 57.71 percent of the vote--the largest winning margin by a Democrat in Maine since Lyndon Johnson carried it as part of his 44-state landslide in 1964. As evidence of how Democratic Maine has become, George W. Bush is the only Republican to win the White House without carrying Maine. At the same time, however, incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Susan Collins defeated former Democratic U.S. Representative Tom Allen and won reelection to a third term with 61.33 percent of the vote. Maine was the only state carried by Obama to elect a Republican to the U.S. Senate in 2008.
The seat in Maine's 1st Congressional District that was vacated by Tom Allen in his unsuccessful bid for the U.S. Senate was retained by Democrat Chellie Pingree. At the state level, Democrats made gains in the Maine Legislature, picking up six seats in the Maine House of Representatives and one seat in the Maine Senate.
Results.
Congressional District.
Barack Obama swept both of Maine’s two congressional districts. 
Electors.
Technically the voters of Maine cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Maine is allocated 4 electors because it has 2 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 4 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded just 2 of the electoral votes. The other 2 electoral votes are based upon the congressional district results. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. Since Obama won both congressional districts, all 4 were pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20523519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523519" title="List of Nashville Predators general managers">
List of Nashville Predators general managers

This article is a list of All-time General Managers of the Nashville Predators

</doc>
<doc id="20523521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523521" title="Barli">
Barli

Barli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20523561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523561" title="Ron Butler">
Ron Butler

Ronald "Ron/Ronnie" Butler, Jr. is a Bahamian-born American television actor and comedian who is best known for portraying Oscar, the clever receptionist, on the television series "True Jackson, VP", from 2008 to 2011. He often portrays President Barack Obama in comedy sketches. He has performed with the Atlantic Theater Company for over 20 years.
Early life.
Butler is originally from the Bahamas. He is named after his father Ronnie Butler, Sr., a calypso singer, songwriter, and recording artist. As a child, Butler sometimes performed with his father. Butler grew up partly in the United States (Washington, DC, Virginia, and the suburbs of Syracuse, New York) and partly in the Bahamas. He attended high school in the Bahamas and graduated "magna cum laude" from Trinity International University near Chicago, Illinois, receiving a B.A. in History and Economics in 1985. 
Butler worked as an economic consultant for a law firm based in Washington, D.C., before beginning his acting career. While in Washington, Butler studied acting privately with Vera Katz of Howard University and performed in regional theatre around Washington. Later, he studied with David Mamet, William H. Macy, Felicity Huffman, Scott Zigler and Robert Bella of the Atlantic Theater Company.
Career.
Butler became a member of the Off-Broadway Atlantic Theater Company in New York City in 1991, the same year that he appeared in the film "Homicide". With Atlantic, he has performed in, among other works, "Once in a Lifetime". Among other Off-Broadway and regional theatre roles, he played Bunker and other roles in a revival of "Merrily We Roll Along" (and on the cast recording) with the York Theatre Company in 1994. He then sang in a swing band, The Solicitors, in Europe for some years. In 2007, he played Henry in the concert production of "South Pacific" at the Hollywood Bowl with Reba McEntire and Brian Stokes Mitchell.
He appeared in the 2004 HBO film "Everyday People", as Ron Harding, for which he won an IFP Award for Best Breakout Performance. He also appeared in the films "Smother" (2007) and "Rain" (2008). He played Oscar, the clever receptionist for Mad Style, on the television series "True Jackson, VP", from 2008 to 2011. He was in the Hollywood Bowl production of "South Pacific". He plays Vice Principal Lewis on the web series "First Day". He has guest-starred in such TV shows as "Without a Trace", "Crossing Jordan", "Boston Legal", "How I Met Your Mother", "Scrubs", "Ugly Betty", "Medium", "Dirty Sexy Money" and in the first episode of the of "Torchwood" entitled "The New World". 
Butler also writes and performs sketch comedies. President Barack Obama is one of his most noted characters. In October 2010, he released a YouTube video, as Obama, singing a pastiche of the "Major-General's Song" that affectionately lampooned the President. The video was widely distributed on the internet.

</doc>
<doc id="20523581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523581" title="Alden Park Towers">
Alden Park Towers

The Alden Park Towers is an apartment building located at 8100 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is also known as Alden Park Manor. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Description.
Alden Park Towers consists of four eight-story buildings built from red brick with stone trim. The buildings are interconnected at the first story; this level houses commercial services such as grocery store and laundry. The exterior is highly ornamented, with projecting bay windows extending from the ground to the roof. The crenellated limestone at the roofline distinguishes these apartments from other similar buildings in Detroit. The buildings originally held 352 apartments; the number is currently 389.
History.
The Alden Park Towers were built in 1922 as the Berman Apartments. They were built south of Jefferson to take advantage of the natural beauty of the Detroit River. They were one of the few large apartment buildings built in Detroit.
The building was purchased by Northern Group in 2005 and has been refurbished.

</doc>
<doc id="20523613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523613" title="Alden Park Manor">
Alden Park Manor

Alden Park Manor is an apartment complex located at School House Lane and Wissahickon Avenue in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 
History.
Alden Park apartments were begun in 1908 and built in the Jacobean Revival style. The complex has three sets of towers, the Manor, Kenilworth, and Cambridge buildings. Designed by Edwin Rorke and developed by Lawrence Jones, it was built in a park-like setting on thirty-eight acres that had been the Justus C. Strawbridge estate. It was the first co-operative apartment complex in Philadelphia, although it now operates only as rentals.
The complex is located overlooking the Wissahickon Valley section of Fairmount Park in the city's Germantown section. The buildings were once surrounded by lawns, gardens, and large estates, but is now in a more urban setting dominated by multi-story apartment houses, busy streets and parked cars. The complex features a unique swimming pool which is lined with Mercer tiles and has a retractable roof.
The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and on the Philadelphia Register of Historic Places in 1981. The complex was substantially renovated in the early 2000s as well as since 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20523616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523616" title="Mount Airy (Davidsonville, Maryland)">
Mount Airy (Davidsonville, Maryland)

Mount Airy is a historic home at Davidsonville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a two story, cube-shaped brick Georgian-Federal style, late neo-classical dwelling with a Doric portico on a central hall plan.It was built about 1857 for James Alexis Iglehart, whose children were educated by their French tutor in the family schoolhouse. In addition to the schoolhouse, a mid-19th century frame smokehouse is also on the property.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20523631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523631" title="Geumdangsan">
Geumdangsan

Geumdangsan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do, in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20523667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523667" title="A Voyage to Terra Australis">
A Voyage to Terra Australis

"A Voyage to Terra Australis: Undertaken for the Purpose of Completing the Discovery of that Vast Country, and Prosecuted in the Years 1801, 1802, and 1803, in His Majesty's Ship the Investigator" was a sea voyage journal written by English mariner and explorer Matthew Flinders. It describes his circumnavigation of the Australian continent in the early years of the 19th century, and his imprisonment by the French on the island of Mauritius from 1804-1810.
Circumnavigation.
The book told in great detail of his explorations and included maps and drawings of the profiles of unknown coastline areas of what Flinders took to be as "Terra Australis Incognita". By this, he was referring to the great unknown Southern continent that had been sighted and partly mapped by prominent earlier mariners such as Captain James Cook. The ship Flinders commanded, , was a 334-ton sloop. Up until this time the circumnavigation of Australia which was necessary to prove it was a single continent land mass, had never been completed. He achieved this by circling the island continent, leaving Sydney in July 1801, heading north, through Torres Strait, across the top of the continent westward, and south along the western coastline. Flinders reached and named Cape Leeuwin on 6 December 1802, and proceeded to make a survey along the southern coast of the Australian mainland, and then completing the journey, arrived back in Sydney in June 1803, despite the dangerous condition of his ship.
Return to England.
Flinders' further description of imprisonment on Mauritius preceded his final return to England in October 1810 in poor health: despite this he immediately resumed work preparing "A Voyage to Terra Australis" and his maps for publication. The full title of this book which was first published in London in July 1814 was given, as was common at the time, a synoptic description: "A Voyage to Terra Australis: undertaken for the purpose of completing the discovery of that vast country, and prosecuted in the years 1801, 1802, and 1803 in His Majesty's ship the Investigator, and subsequently in the armed vessel Porpoise and Cumberland Schooner. With an account of the shipwreck of the Porpoise, arrival of the Cumberland at Mauritius, and imprisonment of the commander during six years and a half in that island". 
Publications.
Original publications of the "Atlas to Flinders' Voyage to Terra Australis" are held at the Mitchell Library in Sydney, Australia, as a portfolio that accompanied the book and included engravings of 16 maps, 4 plates of views, and 10 plates of Australian flora.
The book was republished in 3 volumes in 1966 accompanied by a reproduction of the portfolio.
Flinders' map of Terra Australia was first published in January 1814 and the remaining maps where published before his atlas and book. On 19 July 1814, the day after the book and atlas was published, Matthew Flinders died, at the age of 40.

</doc>
<doc id="20523686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523686" title="Geumhaksan">
Geumhaksan

Geumhaksan is a mountain in the county of Cheorwon, Gangwon-do, in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20523689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523689" title="2009 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
2009 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 2009 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 2009 season. The team was coached by Lane Kiffin. The 2009 season would be his first and only at Tennessee – leaving to take the head coaching job at the University of Southern California on January 12, 2010. The Vols played their home games in Neyland Stadium and competed in the Eastern Division of the SEC. The Vols finished the season 7–6, 4–4 in SEC play, and lost in the Chick-fil-A Bowl 37–14 to Virginia Tech.
Game notes.
Western Kentucky.
Tennessee coach Lane Kiffin's tenure on Rocky Top is off to a smooth start. Jonathan Crompton threw five touchdown passes Saturday, leading the Volunteers to a 63–7 rout of Football Bowl Subdivision newcomers Western Kentucky and their largest margin of victory in nine years. "This is the way that we expect to play," Kiffin said. "We have high expectations here. I just talked to them about understanding that was one game and it's over. We've got to find a way to play better next week." In its first two drives, Tennessee looked as if it hadn't learned much under Kiffin, the youngest active coach in the division. Crompton threw a pass over the middle that was easily tipped by Thomas Majors and intercepted by Jamal Forrest, and Montario Hardesty fumbled after a hard hit. The Vols settled down after the first quarter, and Hardesty carried for 18 and 22 yards to help set up a 2-yard touchdown run by freshman Bryce Brown early in the second quarter. Bobby Rainey fumbled on the Hilltoppers' next play, and LaMarcus Thompson recovered for Tennessee. Crompton connected with Luke Stocker on his first of two TD catches to make it 14–0 only 7 seconds later.
Tennessee's defense looked every bit the stalwart it was in 2008, while the offense found the composure it was missing in last year's 5–7 season. Running backs broke through the line of scrimmage, wide receivers ran sound routes and Crompton threw accurately. "We really just tried to get our personality as a team on film. We wanted to be physical but smart. The game we just played is part of our resume, and we want to build that resume and send it out to our opponents," Vols safety Eric Berry said. The receiving corps hardly looked depleted by injuries, with Stocker, Marsalis Teague, Quintin Hancock and Brandon Warren each catching scoring strikes. Crompton, who was pulled with 12:26 left in the game, finished 21 of 28 with two picks, and his five TD passes was one more than his output last season. Hardesty finished with 160 yards and a touchdown on 18 carries, and Brown had 104 yards rushing and a touchdown on 11 attempts. The Hilltoppers couldn't capitalize on the early turnovers and had minus-21 yards after their first 19 plays. Tennessee finished with 657 yards compared to Western Kentucky's 83.
Rainey had the Hilltoppers' only score on a 19-yard run with 2:41 in the third quarter that made it 35–7. The win was the Vols' easiest since a 70–3 victory over Louisiana-Monroe in 2000. Their 380 yards rushing were the most since 2004. The Vols were also joined by former Vols and current Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning, who before the game announced a $1 million gift for a new athletic training center. Though the attendance in the 100,011-capacity Neyland Stadium only reached 98,761, the fans turned out in droves as Kiffin and the Vols made the traditional "Vol Walk" from their buses to the stadium before the game. "I really had to make sure that I did not go up and down today, because that's what I talked about with our team a long time last night – dealing with the emotions of a wonderful scene like the Vol Walk, a wonderful event like running through the 'T' and playing in front of 100,000 people," Kiffin said. Western Kentucky went on to go 0–12 and finish last in the Sun Belt Conference.
UCLA.
Even with offensive guru Norm Chow in the press box, UCLA coach Rick Neuheisel turned to his defense with the game on the line.
It was the right call. UCLA stopped Tennessee's Montario Hardesty on fourth-and-2 in the closing minutes, and the Bruins made it two in a row against the Volunteers with a 19–15 victory Saturday. "We will be a better offense," Neuheisel said. "But given the way our offense was playing, I thought it was better to put it in defense's hands." Trailing by 6, the Vols (1–1) had a chance to take the lead after driving 52 yards, but UCLA (2–0) held fast and Lane Kiffin lost for the first time as Tennessee coach. The Vols' defense, led by Monte Kiffin, had been battering the Bruins' offense for much of the day. UCLA had only 186 yards of offense compared to Tennessee's 208. The Bruins had four fewer first downs, held the ball for three fewer minutes and had 60 more yards in penalties. Tennessee reached UCLA's Kevin Prince many times, but usually after he released the ball. After Hardesty was stopped, Tennessee got a safety when Dennis Rogan sacked Prince, giving him a bloody mouth. An inept Jonathan Crompton couldn't do anything with the last-minute opportunity after getting the ball back, taking a sack and throwing three incomplete passes.
Lane Kiffin said he saw a few of his players trying to point fingers in the locker room after the game. "I told them that isn't what we are. That isn't what a championship mentality is. A little bit of finger pointing came out and we have to teach them," he said. "You either win or you lose, and everybody on that team lost today." For the Bruins, the win in Neyland Stadium in front of 102,239 fans was a big step toward recovering from last year's 4–8 finish. "We're hungry," safety Rahim Moore said. "We are trying to come out every day and every weekend to prove to the world that UCLA is who UCLA is." For the Vols, it means a lot of work this week as they prepare for a trip to Florida – especially on Crompton, who unraveled after throwing five touchdown passes in the season opener against Western Kentucky.
On the first play after halftime, he threw his third interception of the day and second to Moore, who has five for the season. Kai Forbath kicked a 39-yard field goal four plays later for a 13–10 lead. "I just read the quarterback," Moore said. "I knew that Crompton had some skills, but I also knew that he could throw a pick because any quarterback can. I was just sitting back and reading the quarterback." Kiffin, who has pledged not to shuffle quarterbacks during games, stuck with Crompton. Tennessee went three-and-out on its next two drives, and Forbath answered with field goals of 31 and 47 yards to give UCLA a 19–10 lead with 2:39 in the third quarter. Forbath, who beat Tennessee with an overtime field goal in California last season, made four field goals in the rematch. Prince finished 11-for-23 for 101 yards and the one touchdown. Johnathan Franklin had 80 yards rushing. In the second quarter, Crompton fumbled a snap at the Tennessee 36, and Jerzy Siewierski recovered. A few plays later, Prince threw a 12-yard touchdown pass to Chane Moline as he was being hit, tying the score at 10 with 7:09 before halftime.
Crompton threw interceptions on the next two drives. He overthrew Gerald Jones on the first and hit Moore instead. On the second, he threw right to Alterraun Verner. "I didn't do a very good job today taking care of Jonathan," Lane Kiffin said. "I gave him a couple of calls unfortunately that didn't put him in the best position. We've got to do a better job around him." Crompton completed 13 of 26 passes for 93 yards. Hardesty finished with 89 yards rushing. But the Bruins couldn't capitalize on either. UCLA went three-and-out on the first, and Forbath missed a 51-yard field goal to end the half.
UCLA had its own problems hanging onto the ball. The Bruins fumbled five times, losing the ball once. Willie Bohannan sacked Prince, causing a fumble, and Gerald Williams recovered at the UCLA 11. Hardesty took care of the rest on the next play to put Tennessee up 10–3 with 2:58 in the first quarter. "We really didn't get into our groove as an offense," Crompton said. "When you don't, some doubts come, but the upside is we were in that game at the end. We had four turnovers and we still came up 1 yard short. That is the one positive." UCLA went on to go 7–6 and finish eighth in the Pac-10 Conference.
Florida.
Tenneesee coach Lane Kiffin jogged to midfield, briefly shook hands with Florida's Urban Meyer and then darted toward the locker room. Kiffin kept his head up the whole way. Who could blame him? After all, he had more reason to be encouraged than embarrassed after his Southeastern Conference opener against the top-ranked Gators. Tim Tebow ran for 76 yards and a touchdown, Caleb Sturgis kicked three field goals and Florida eked out a 23–13 win over the Volunteers on Saturday. It wasn't the beatdown many expected. It gave Kiffin reason to believe Tennessee (1–2, 0–1) is on the right track. It gave Meyer a big enough scare that it could help the defending national champions the rest of the way. "It wasn't how we envisioned or hoped," said Tebow, whose streak of games with a TD pass ended at 30. "But it's a win and it's good enough for all of us."
The Gators (3–0, 1–0) won their fifth straight in the series and set a school record with their 13th consecutive victory, now the longest in major college football after losses by Utah and Southern California. Florida started counting down the days for this one more than nine months ago, right after Kiffin vowed to sing "Rocky Top" all night long after beating the Gators. Kiffin also riled up Florida with his false allegations of NCAA violations by Meyer. Kiffin ran out of the tunnel just before the opening kick and had 90,000 Florida fans screaming, pointing and yelling obscenities at him. One guy even tried to torment Kiffin with a poster of Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis, Kiffin's former boss. Kiffin said afterward that his plan from Day 1 was to take the focus of his players and put it on him. "It worked perfectly," Kiffin said. "It took all the pressure off the players. We played the No. 1 team in the nation with no pressure on them. ... It was all on me. We were 30-point underdogs in this place and it really helped them go out and play ball." Kiffin refused to claim a moral victory, though. So singing "Rocky Top" will have to wait at least another year. He didn't even consider humming the tune. "No, we lost a game," Kiffin said. "Maybe I'll come back here for basketball and sing it for Bruce [Pearl." Florida's postgame celebration was about as conservative as its game plan. There was no trash talk and no one trying to rub it in. The Gators were clearly disappointed with their performance, even though they had reason to celebrate.
Tebow, return man Brandon James and Florida's defense gave the Vols fits for the third straight year. Tebow completed 14 of 19 passes for 115 yards, although he also had two turnovers that Tennessee turned into 10 points. James returned three kickoffs for 97 yards, helping set up Florida's first 13 points, but he also dropped a pass in the end zone. And the defense harassed Jonathan Crompton and twice held the Vols to short field goals when they were in position for touchdowns. Ahmad Black intercepted Crompton on fourth down with about 2 minutes to play, ending Tennessee's last chance at pulling off the upset. "I'm not happy," said Crompton, who threw three interceptions and fumbled a snap last week against UCLA. "Don't want to lose if you're a competitor. Hate losing more than you like winning. Look at the positives. Got a chance to capitalize early and late." Tebow took over down the stretch. After his two nifty, 4-yard runs, the Gators looked like they would put the game away. But Tebow fumbled at the Vols 4, and Tennessee scored seven plays later to make it 23–13. It was Tebow's second turnover of the game. He threw an interception in the first half that Tennessee turned into a field goal. The Gators had some excuses for their lackluster offense. Receiver Deonte Thompson missed the game because of a hamstring injury. Running back Jeff Demps played with a 101-degree fever. And tight end Aaron Hernandez had to be isolated Friday because of flu-like symptoms. Meyer put it all on Tebow, who ran 24 times.
His best plays were short gains late. He started right on a third-and-3, looked to throw and then cut back left and headed toward the sideline. He eluded Wes Brown's grasp, then tiptoed down the sideline for a 4-yard gain. Instead of possibly being forced to punt, the Gators scored a touchdown to make it 23–6. "Unbelievable," Meyer said. "Vintage Tebow. He had a hell of a day. ... He kind of took that game over on that drive. That was one of the best plays. I can't wait to see that on film. He was this far from out of bounds and got the first down." On the next possession, Tebow used a nasty spin move to escape All-American safety Berry and Gerald Williams, then hit Dennis Rogan so hard the defender's helmet flew off. "I don't think he's human," Kiffin said. "I really don't. There were times when I asked coaches in the booth on the headset, 'Is he ever going to wear down?' But he never does. Our defense worked hard and you just prayed to get it to third-and-4, because if it was third-and-3, he was going to put his head down and run over people." Tebow and the Gators had their heads down afterward. Meyer even said he had to lighten the mood in the locker room. "I think there's so much pressure on this team to perform perfectly, which is good," Meyer said. "I'd rather be on that end than on, 'Boy, great job. We lost by 10.' I don't want to do that. There's a lot of pressure on these guys and I felt it in there." Florida went on to go 13–1 and finish #3 in the final AP poll.
Ohio.
Jonathan Crompton threw for two touchdowns as Tennessee turned to its unsteady passing game to beat Ohio 34–23 Saturday night. Crompton threw a 26-yard screen pass to Bryce Brown to give the Vols (2–2) a 31–20 lead with 2:38 in the third quarter and lobbed a 3-yard scoring strike to Brandon Warren at the end of the first.
With a stable of tough running backs, the Vols relied on their strong running game in their first three games to protect the turnover-prone passing game. Against the Bobcats, they rushed for 177 yards while Crompton completed 17 of 34 passes for 222 yards. Ohio (2–2) kept Tennessee uncomfortable by taking advantage of mistakes and passing for 319 yards against a Vols defense that entered the game allowing an average 88.33 yards by air per game. Crompton threw his eighth interception of the season to Noah Keller, who returned it 10 yards to the Tennessee 30. Theo Scott connected with LaVon Brazill on a 2-yard touchdown pass four plays later, giving the Bobcats a 14–7 lead with 7:08 in the first quarter. Scott finished 30-for-52. Brazill had 92 yards on eight catches, and Taylor Price added 90 yards on four catches. Chris Garrett took advantage of the Vols' poor special teams coverage and returned a kickoff 95 yards for a touchdown. Tennessee, which entered the game ranked fifth in total defense in the FBS, held the Bobcats to only 21 yards rushing on 17 carries.
The Vols were also strong on the ground on offense. Montario Hardesty ran 20 times for 140 yards and an 11-yard touchdown and now has 1,531 career yards rushing. Bryce Brown added 56 yards rushing and caught two passes for 60 yards, including a 34-yard catch on the second play of the game. Tennessee will have a tough time regrouping before facing Auburn at home next week with several Vols leaving the game because of injury. Coach Lane Kiffin said starting middle linebacker Nick Reveiz was likely lost for the season after taking a hard hit on his right knee. Even though rain earlier in the day kept the attendance at Neyland Stadium down, the 95,535 in attendance made up the second-largest crowd in Ohio's history. Ohio went on to go 9–5 and finish 1st in the Eastern Division of the MAC Conference.
Auburn.
Auburn took a big step under first-year coach Gene Chizik, winning on the road against a top-notch defense. Chris Todd threw for 218 yards and a touchdown, and Ben Tate ran for 128 yards and a score to help the Tigers beat Tennessee 26–22 and jumped out to their first 5–0 start since 2006 on Saturday night. "This one of those old-school, physical SEC games and we did a good job executing most of the night," Chizik said. Auburn (5–0, 2–0 Southeastern Conference), which came from behind in its other four games this season, never trailed in its first road game of the season and has now won five straight over the Vols – its longest streak in the series. Tennessee (2–3, 0–2) isn't faring nearly as well in its rebuilding efforts under new coach Lane Kiffin. The Tigers met some resistance early from Tennessee's defense, but slowly wore it down as they held the ball nearly 10 minutes longer than the Vols. Auburn's third-ranked offense racked up 459 yards. "They are so complicated," Kiffin said. "There are so many things they do." Tennessee made the score look closer when Jonathan Crompton threw a 32-yard touchdown pass to Denarius Moore as the clock expired to cut the final margin to 26–22. No extra point was attempted.
The Vols defense, which entered the game ranked eighth in the Football Bowl Subdivision, forced the Tigers to punt six times and limited them to field goals by Wes Byrum on four drives. The Auburn offense entered the game averaging 45.3 points and 526.3 yards and ranked third in the FBS. "We're trying to prove something every time we hit the field," Auburn fullback Mario Fannin said. "We know what we have in mind, and that's a championship. We're just going to keep pushing forward and get better every week." Tennessee's offense couldn't stay on the field. The Vols went three-and-out three times in the first half, and Crompton fumbled a snap at the Vols 30 on the first play of a first-quarter drive. The Vols converted only four of 17 third downs. By the middle of the second quarter, Auburn managed to take advantage of the weary Vols defense and drove 87 yards in 2:32. Tate scored on an 11-yard run to put the Tigers up 13–0 with 8:07 left before halftime. The Tigers again drove easily on the Vols on a 70-yard drive in the fourth quarter, and Todd connected with Terrell Zachery on an 11-yard touchdown pass to give them a 23–6 lead. Crompton managed to miss his receivers in every way possible: He overthrew, underthrew and hit them in the head and at the feet. He also didn't get any help from his targets, who dropped several passes that were accurately thrown.
At halftime, Crompton had completed only four passes for 62 yards. Still, thanks to some success in the Vols' 2-minute offense, he finished 20 for 43 for 259 yards and two touchdowns. "There were drops. It was bad. There was no rhythm," Kiffin said. "We're not good enough to overcome drops. You start adding those drops in, and we're going to struggle." Todd, who completed 19 of his 32 attempts, had his choice of receivers, completing passes to eight different targets. The Tennessee defense was noticeably frustrated, and defensive end Chris Walker and tackle Wes Brown spoke to the entire team in a huddle at the sideline after Tate's touchdown run. "We have to make those plays because the defense was on the field a lot of time in the first half, and that goes somewhat on us," Hardesty said. "We've got to stay on the field on third downs. We've got to keep drives going." Auburn went on to go 8–5 and finish tied for 4th in the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference.
Georgia.
Tennessee coach Lane Kiffin didn't defeat Florida as promised. He did deliver on another guarantee with a 45–19 win over the Georgia Bulldogs on Saturday. " basically made a promise to us that we wouldn't lose to them anymore, forever or until he leaves," Volunteers safety Eric Berry said. "He's not going to let Georgia beat us." The first-year coach got some help from Jonathan Crompton, who passed for a career-high 310 yards and threw for four touchdowns. Kiffin had emphasized the Georgia game to his players due to its importance in recruiting. Because the state of Tennessee doesn't produce many elite prospects, coaches traditionally have recruited in Georgia, and 12 current Vols hail from the bordering state – including Berry. "I told the guys last night, I don't know all the Tennessee history or tradition of all the matchups," Kiffin said. "There are a lot of great teams in this conference. But I told them, to me, this is the biggest matchup."
It was his first Southeastern Conference victory and kept the Volunteers (3–3, 1–2) from going 0–3 in the league for a second season in a row. Georgia (3–3, 2–2) dropped to 3–3 for the first time under coach Mark Richt. "They played better. They coached better. It's very obvious their team was a better team by a long shot," Richt said. The Vols' passing game had faltered at times this season, with Crompton struggling with his accuracy and his receivers often dropping passes when he was on target.
But by halftime Saturday, Crompton had already thrown for 205 yards and three touchdowns. He finished 20-for-27. Georgia's offense never reached the red zone, and the Tennessee defense held it to 241 yards compared with the Vols' 472. The Bulldogs found other ways to put up points. Brandon Boykin scored on his second 100-yard kickoff return of the season, and Bacarri Rambo returned Crompton's interception 28 yards for a TD.
Blair Walsh kicked a 52-yard field goal, and Zach Renner blocked a punt by Chad Cunningham that sailed through the end zone for a safety. "I don't know that I've ever been involved in a game where the defense didn't let a team into the red zone one time," Kiffin said. Crompton was a perfect 4-for-4 for 67 yards on a drive late in the first half, finding Marsalis Teague on a 5-yard touchdown pass for a 21–10 lead with 2:40 left. He also connected with Gerald Jones on a 51-yard score, the Vols' longest pass of the season. Despite being Tennessee's most productive receiver returning from last season, Jones had struggled with drops and mistakes while recovering from an ankle injury and wrist surgery. He had a season-best 105 yards receiving and two touchdowns. It was Georgia's Joe Cox who played the role of struggling quarterback. Cox finished 19-for-34 with 146 yards and no touchdowns. On the opening drive of the third quarter, Cox fumbled a snap, recovered and threw to Tennessee's Dennis Rogan while under pressure. The interception set up a 30-yard field goal by Daniel Lincoln to give the Vols a 24–12 lead. "It's so frustrating to come out and have so many things go wrong," Cox said. "It's embarrassing. We are not doing the things we need to do as players."
The SEC's leading receiver, Georgia's A.J. Green, finished with only 60 yards on eight catches. Its leading rusher, Tennessee's Montario Hardesty, had 97 yards on the ground and a touchdown. Richt opened his career by winning four out of his first five meetings with Tennessee, but the Vols have won three of the last four. The game has often been one of the SEC East's premier matchups, but for the first time in 38 meetings neither team was ranked coming in. "We've got a long way to go to become a good football team," Richt said. Georgia went on to go 8–5 and finish tied for 2nd in the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference.
Alabama.
Mount Cody kept Alabama (No. 2 BCS, No. 1 AP) perfect with a pair of super-sized plays. Terrence Cody, the Crimson Tide's 350-pound nose guard, blocked a 44-yard field-goal attempt on the final play – his second block of the fourth quarter – and Alabama escaped with a 12–10 victory over rival Tennessee on Saturday. He muscled the Tide to another win, with pure brute force. "I didn't really get off the ground," Cody said. "I just reached my arm up. That's how I got it. I knocked blocker back. He was on his back." Alabama (8–0, 5–0 Southeastern Conference) was about to have its bid for perfection knocked down, too.
Then Cody broke through the line on the last play and practically ran into Daniel Lincoln's low kick. Relieved Alabama fans chanted "Cody!" as the All-American ambled toward the locker room. Leigh Tiffin booted four field goals – including a 50-yarder and a 49-yarder – to provide all Alabama's points and the Tide survived Mark Ingram's first college fumble and some problems for the nation's top defense. The last few minutes were all about survival – much like in then-No. 1 Florida's squeaker over Arkansas last week. "You talk about how fragile a season is," Tide coach Nick Saban said. "You're controlling a game, even though you may say it's winning ugly. We're still ahead 12–3 and totally controlling the game with 3 minutes, 29 seconds and the ball. That's how fragile a season can be. You make one mistake and you have to go overcome it. I hope that there's a lot of lessons our team can learn from this." His team gets some time to absorb them with an open date before No. 9 LSU visits. Tennessee (3–4, 1–3) kept alive its hopes for coach Lane Kiffin's first huge victory with Eric Berry's fumble recovery and Jonathan Crompton's 11-yard touchdown pass to Gerald Jones with 1:19 left. Then Tennessee's Denarius Moore recovered the onside kick at the Vols' 41 with no time outs remaining. Crompton hit Jones on a 14-yarder before Tennessee was pushed back by a false start. On second down, the much-maligned Crompton hit Luke Stocker for a 23-yard gain to get the Vols into position for the potential game-winning kick. But Cody and the Tide made a big push, and Alabama, second in the BCS standings, still controls its destiny in the national title race.
"It's a difficult loss to deal with," Kiffin said. "You come into a hostile environment and play the No. 1 team in the country, as I said before by far the No. 1 team in the country and the best-coached team around. You come in here and outgain them by 100 yards and miss three field goals. "I don't believe in moral victories, we should have won that game." He said Lincoln hasn't regained his leg strength since a quadriceps injury. "He can't kick the ball up high," Kiffin said. "If you kick the ball up high it's never going to get there, so we can't allow the penetration up front." Tiffin's 49-yarder with 6:31 left had barely cleared the uprights for the 12–3 lead and, it turns out, the decisive points. That came after Cody batted Lincoln's 43-yard field goal attempt with his left hand. "Neither was an exceptionally good kick, but they both went through and that's what counts," Tiffin said. "I don't know if I watched either one of them go through." Tennessee would get new life when Ingram lost the first fumble of his career in 322 touches, giving the Vols the ball back at the Bama 43. All-American safety Eric Berry jarred the ball loose as Ingram was going down, and then recovered it. Crompton overcame a sack on the first play and completed 4-of-4 passes for 42 yards and the TD to make it 12–10. Alabama had nearly made it three games in a row without allowing a touchdown. The Volunteers now have tested two No. 1 teams. They lost 23–13 to then-No. 1 Florida earlier and Kiffin's team came even closer this time. Tennessee was unranked the last time it beat an AP No. 1, topping Auburn 38–20 in 1985. "On the sideline, we just knew we were going to win in those last 4 seconds," Stocker said. "I dont think there are enough words to explain how we feel. We are just speechless."
Alabama was held without an offensive touchdown for the first time since the Mississippi State game in 2007. The Vols outgained Alabama 341–256 and Crompton outplayed the Tide's Greg McElroy. He was 21 of 36 passing for 265 yards with an early interception. McElroy's 18 of 29 produced only 120 yards. Ingram, who emerged as a Heisman Trophy contender the past two weeks gained 99 yards on 18 carries and surpassed 1,000 yards on the season. After Cody's first block, McElroy passed for a first down and ran for another to move the Tide in position for Tiffin's field goal that made it a two-score game. After a roughing the punter on Tennessee, Alabama was in position to milk the clock and secure the victory. But the normally sure-handed Ingram gave the Vols another shot. Tennessee got close, but Mount Cody was ultimately too big to kick over. Alabama went on to go 14–0 and win the BCS National Championship game over Texas.
South Carolina.
Lane Kiffin gave his players a treat, letting Tennessee wear black jerseys for the first time in 87 years. The Volunteers thanked their coach with a resounding victory. Decked out in black jerseys for the first time since adopting orange tops in 1922, Tennessee turned three South Carolina fumbles into touchdowns and beat the Gamecocks (No. 22 BCS, No. 21 AP) 31–13 Saturday night. "It's a players' game, and our players had been begging for them for a while," said Kiffin, who got his first win over a ranked foe. "I think it gave us some energy. I think you saw that in the way they came out and played early." Captains Eric Berry and Montario Hardesty approached athletic director Mike Hamilton on Wednesday, asking to wear an all-black uniform. A local Knoxville company quickly produced the black jerseys with orange numbers. Black pants couldn't be completed in time, so the Vols opted for orange bottoms. And how's this for a twist: Tennessee helped Florida. The Gators clinched the SEC East and a spot in the conference title game when the rival Vols beat South Carolina.
After warming up in their traditional orange home jerseys, the Vols (4–4, 2/3 Southeastern Conference) seemed to take the Gamecocks by surprise as they took the field in Halloween-inspired uniforms. "The guys were excited and I think it gave us a little extra excitement and had us ready to play," Vols defensive tackle Dan Williams said. Jonathan Crompton threw two touchdowns, Hardesty ran for two more and Rico McCoy forced two fumbles. South Carolina (6–3, 3–3) fumbled on its first two drives on a rainy night, having entered the game with only five for the season. Tennessee, hampered by turnovers early in the season, did not give the ball away for the first time this season.
The Gamecocks began clicking on offense in the second half as the Vols sputtered. Stephen Garcia connected with Moe Brown on a 31-yard touchdown pass to cut the margin to 28–13 with 2:05 left in the third quarter, but it was too little too late. South Carolina outgained Tennessee on offense 365 yards to 341 and had four more first downs. Garcia completed 25 of 50 for 300 yards and an interception. Justice Cunningham coughed up the first fumble on the third play of the game, and 42 seconds later Crompton hit Austin Johnson on a 38-yard touchdown toss. Crompton completed 12 of 24 for 142 yards.
On the second play of the following drive, Kenny Miles lost the first fumble of his career, and Tennessee answered with a 14-yard run by Hardesty, who finished with 121 yards rushing. "We had two fumbles in five plays, and it's hard to beat a team when you spot them those points," Garcia said. Even when they weren't fumbling, the Gamecocks couldn't find much offense in the first half. They first made it to Tennessee territory with 9:29 left in the second quarter but stalled at the Vols 47. An illegal block by D.J. Swearinger cost South Carolina a 73-yard punt return for a touchdown by Stephon Gilmore. The Gamecocks drove 55 yards before halftime, but on third-and-3 at the Tennessee 25, Willie Bohannon dropped Miles for a 5-yard loss. Spencer Lanning kicked a career-long 47-yard field goal to cut the margin to 21–3 at the half.
Tennessee's woes on special teams continued. With Daniel Lincoln sidelined by a quadriceps injury, Chad Cunningham took over field goal duties. Lincoln had two field goals blocked in a 12–10 loss last week at Alabama, including what would have been a game-winning 44-yard shot at the end of the game. Devin Taylor blocked Cunningham's first attempt, a 40-yarder in the first quarter. His second attempt, a 39-yarder with 4:23 left in the game, was good and drew a huge cheer from what was left of the Tennessee crowd. Up 14–0 early in the second quarter, Kiffin opted to go for it on fourth-and-goal at the 2-yard line rather than attempt a field goal. Crompton found Kevin Cooper, who stumbled into the corner of the end zone. The last time the Gamecocks were ranked as high as No. 21 was before the 2007 Tennessee game, when they were ranked No. 15. South Carolina – which has never won consecutive games in the Tennessee series and only won in Knoxville once – lost that game in overtime 27–24.
"Like I told the guys, if we want to win some of these games against good teams, we've got to play well," South Carolina coach Steve Spurrier said. "We had turnovers, had a punt return called back, had some opportunities here and there, but we didn't execute." South Carolina went on to go 7–6 and finish tied for 4th in the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference.
Memphis.
Jonathan Crompton threw for a career-high 331 yards and five touchdowns and ran for another as Tennessee routed Memphis 56–28 on Saturday night.
Crompton surpassed his career high of 310 yards with a 10-yard pass to Denarius Moore on Tennessee's first drive of the second half. He tied his career high of five touchdown passes on the next play with a 16-yard connection to Moore to make it 49–7 with 12:38 left in the third quarter. Crompton finished 21-for-27 and no interceptions and was replaced by backup Nick Stephens halfway through the third quarter. Tennessee (5–4) gave coach Lane Kiffin his first winning streak and dominated the game much as it's done the series. The Vols hold a 21–1 advantage against Memphis and have won all 12 meetings in Knoxville. But the games between the state rivals often have been closer than the record indicates. Six of the 10 meetings between the two teams since 1991 have been decided by fewer than two touchdowns.
David Oku took the opening kickoff 69 yards, and Bryce Brown scored on a 1-yard run 2 minutes later. Memphis (2–7) could do nothing to catch up. The Vols never punted with Crompton in the game, though they turned the ball over when they couldn't convert a fourth-and-2 at the Tigers' 29 and when Dennis Rogan muffed a punt return. Memphis drove 93 yards in its 2-minute offense and scored on a 36-yard run by Marcus Hightower to cut Tennessee's lead to 35–7 with 58 seconds left in the half. The Vols responded with a 55-yard drive and Crompton's 1-yard touchdown run with 4 seconds on the clock.
The Tigers have been hampered with injuries this season, and it especially showed on defense. The Vols had their way passing nearly the entire game with wide-open routes. Crompton, who until a few games ago was more likely to throw interceptions than touchdowns, had his selection of scoring targets in Moore, Gerald Jones, Luke Stocker, Quintin Hancock and Nu'Keese Richardson. Stephens also hit Moore for a TD. Jones led the receiving corps with 97 yards on four catches. Crompton was only 5 yards and a TD pass short of tying his previous career high at halftime. By the break, Tennessee had outgained Memphis 382 yards to 104 and had gained 11 more first downs. Memphis entered the game with the 100th-ranked defense, giving up an average 416.5 yards. Tennessee finished with 566 yards. The Vols rank 13th in the nation in defense, but were playing second- and third-string players by the time Curtis Steele scored on a 1-yard run and again on a 3-yard run in the middle of the third quarter. The scores cut Tennessee's margin to 49–21. Steele finished with 144 yards on 21 carries in addition to the two touchdowns. Will Hudgens was 19 of 31 for 194 yards and an interception.
Tennessee's Eric Berry, the Southeastern Conference's career interception return leader, inched closer to the NCAA career record when he picked off Hudgens and returned the ball 7 yards. Berry has 494 career return yards, 5 yards shy of Florida State's Terrell Buckley. Memphis went on to go 2–10 and finish last in the Eastern Division of Conference USA.
Mississippi.
Dexter McCluster says being 5-foot-9 and 170 pounds has its advantages on the football field. No Tennessee defender could argue with the Mississippi standout Saturday. McCluster rushed for 282 yards and finished with 324 all-purpose yards, setting two Mississippi records, and the Rebels ran over the Volunteers 42–17. He broke the Rebels' single-game rushing record of 242 by Dou Innocent in 1995. He eclipsed the all-purpose mark of 317 yards by Deuce McAllister in 1999. "My size works to my advantage," McCluster said. "When they see me, it's too late." McCluster scored on runs of 15, 23, 32 and 71 yards in Ole Miss' first win against the Volunteers since 1983. "For 170 pounds he is special," said Ole Miss coach Houston Nutt. "He can make the first one miss. He has game breaking speed. Hs you can see, he won't just run out of bounds on a long run. He'll cut back against the grain and separate to get into the end zone." It's the most rushing yards given up by the Volunteers. Tennessee had yielded 217 yards to Colorado's Mike Pritchard in 1990 and Alabama's Bobby Humphrey in 1986. "We didn't have a way to tackle him," Tennessee coach Lane Kiffin said. "He set a school record for rushing yards, and we probably set a record for missed tackles."
Ole Miss (7–3, 3–3 Southeastern Conference) – off to its best start since 2003 – clinched bowl eligibility for the second straight year with the victory. Tennessee (5–5, 2–4) was without three of their celebrated freshmen – wide receiver Nu'Keese Richardson, safety Janzen Jackson and defensive back Mike Edwards. The trio was arrested early Thursday morning for attempted armed robbery in Knoxville. McCluster scored his first touchdown just 1:31 into the game and added another with 1:20 left in the opening quarter. His 32-yard scamper came in the third quarter and Ole Miss opened the fourth quarter with McCluster's 71-yarder. "It was a big challenge to cover him," said Tennessee defensive end Chris Walker. "We had to know where he was at all times and he lines up at wide receiver and he lines up at tailback, so it was really hard to adjust to that." Brandon Bolden added 46 rushing yards and two touchdowns for the Rebels, who finished with 492 yards of total offense, including 359 on the ground.
It was former Ole Miss coach Ed Orgeron's first return to Oxford since he was fired in November 2007 after three seasons. In his first year at Tennessee as defensive line coach the Vols have improved, but struggled against the Rebels. Jevan Snead, who was 13 of 20 passes for 133 yards, was sacked only once.
Jonathan Compton finished 20 of 37 for 176 yards and two Tennessee touchdowns. He hit Jeff Cottam with a 16-yard TD in the first quarter and Denarius Moore with a 25-yarder in the second quarter. But the Vols' offense never got untracked, gaining just 275 yards over all, 99 on the ground. Their only other score was a 27-yard field goal by Daniel Lincoln in the third quarter. Ole Miss went on to go 9–4 and finish 3rd in the Western Division of Southeastern Conference.
Vanderbilt.
Tennessee coach Lane Kiffin has had to reach so far down his depth chart because of injuries that even he wasn't sure who was on the field. The Volunteers beat in-state rival Vanderbilt 31–16 on Saturday night playing with a third-string middle linebacker, a walk-on outside linebacker and walk-on placekicker Devin Mathis. "That's the kicker, right?" Kiffin quipped when asked about Mathis. After missing the postseason last year, the battered Volunteers (6–5, 3–4 Southeastern Conference) became bowl eligible with the victory. Tennessee hasn't missed out on a bowl game in consecutive seasons since 1977–78. The Commodores (2–10, 0–8) finished without a conference win for the first time since 2002.
Tennessee entered halftime with the momentum, but Vanderbilt had plenty of chances to take advantage of a Vols defense fielding inexperience players and guys like senior linebacker Rico McCoy, determined to play despite having an injured knee. "We just couldn't take advantage of some opportunities," Vandy coach Bobby Johnson said. "It's a tough way to end the season." The Commodores had a chance to tie the game before halftime but stalled on fourth-and-2 at the Tennessee 38 with 51 seconds left. Instead, Tennessee drove for a quick touchdown to go up 24–10.
Vandy's Steven Stone was called for a 15-yard roughing the passer penalty, and Jonathan Crompton was perfect on four pass attempts. His 16-yard TD pass to Luke Stocker capped the 30-second drive. "That was a big momentum shift," Vanderbilt linebacker Chris Marve said. "That just put us down even further, so we had to come out for the second half with an ever larger deficit." Crompton finished 20-for-34 for 221 yards, two touchdowns and an interception. Montario Hardesty ran for a career-high 171 yards and a touchdown. The Vols struggled to move the ball in the second half, and Vanderbilt had a shot to pull within four points with about 6 minutes left.
On third-and-goal at the 3, MacKenzi Adams attempted a pass for John Cole in the end zone. The ball bounced off Cole and into the hands of Tennessee's Dennis Rogan, but a pass interference call on Rogan kept the Commodores' drive alive. With a fresh set of downs, Vanderbilt couldn't move the ball, and Adams took a sack for a loss of 9 yards. Ryan Fowler kicked a 32-yard field goal to make the score 24–16 with 2:54 left, and the Commodores couldn't pull any closer. Adams was 19-of-35 for 174 yards, a touchdown and an interception. Vandy's Warren Norman had 73 yards rushing and 61 yards on kickoff returns. Norman's 1,923 all-purpose yards broke Herschel Walker's SEC freshman record of 1,805. He also became the Commodores' single-season leader for all-purpose yards. "It doesn't mean too much to me because I'm not about breaking records," Norman said. "It's an honor though, just being mentioned with Herschel Walker. That's pretty cool." Crompton's third-quarter interception ended a streak of 142 straight pass attempts without one, one shy of Casey Clausen's school record of 143. After struggling to find consistency on field goals with an injured Daniel Lincoln and punter Chad Cunningham, Tennessee called on Mathis for the first time this week. Mathis hit a 25-yard field goal and connected on three extra point attempts. Mathis was a walk-on last season and nearly earned a starting job as Lincoln struggled. He spent the spring semester studying in Mexico and did not participate in the Vols' fall camp. Tennessee finished its senior day in style when senior defensive tackle Wes Brown, who's played with injured knees for the past two seasons, intercepted Adams' pass and ran 25 yards for a touchdown with 3 seconds left, carrying Norman on his back for the last 5. His teammates piled on top of him in the end zone. "Everybody was saying, 'That might have been the ugliest thing I've ever seen,'" Brown said. "I felt hopping on my back, but I didn't want to be denied. I wanted to score, and I couldn't ask for a better ending." Vanderbilt ended the season at 2–10 and finished last in the Eastern Division of Southeastern Conference.
Kentucky.
Montario Hardesty ran for three touchdowns, including a 20-yard game winner in overtime, as Tennessee outlasted Kentucky 30–24 on Saturday night, the Volunteers' 25th straight victory against their border rivals. Hardesty, who also ran for a career-high 179 yards, scampered up the middle for the final score after Kentucky's Lones Seiber missed a 49-yard field goal in the Wildcats' overtime chance. Tennessee (7–5, 4–4 Southeastern Conference) made sure its streak of dominance over Kentucky (7–5, 3–5) didn't end in coach Lane Kiffin's first year on the job. The win also likely locked up a New Year's Day bowl for the Volunteers and clinched second place behind Florida in the SEC East. Kentucky forced overtime on a 33-yard field goal by Seiber, set up when Ashton Cobb knocked the ball out of the hands of Luke Stocker following a completion and the Wildcats recovered. Kentucky ended the season at 7–5 and finished fifth in the Eastern Division of Southeastern Conference.
Virginia Tech (Chick-fil-A Bowl).
Ryan Williams isn't keeping track of his records. "Someone eventually will break them anyway," Virginia Tech's fantastic redshirt freshman running back said. Probably, but in just one season Williams has already made a quite an impression. He capped a brilliant debut season with a record-setting game, running for two touchdowns to power Virginia Tech (No. 11 BCS, No. 12 AP) past Tennessee 37–14 in the Chick-fil-A Bowl on Thursday night. "I just saw green," said Williams of his two touchdown runs. "When I see green, I take advantage of it." The Hokies (10–3) took the lead with a field goal in the final seconds of the first half and outscored Tennessee 20–0 in the second half on their way to a sixth straight 10-win season. The only team with a longer active streak is Texas with nine. Williams, a redshirt freshman, had 117 yards rushing to become Virginia Tech's single-season rushing leader with 1,655 yards. Williams also set Atlantic Coast Conference records with 21 rushing touchdowns and 22 total touchdowns this season but said "I really don't care about records." The Hokies outrushed Tennessee (7–6) 229–5. "Ryan was something tonight, particularly at the start of the second half," Virginia Tech coach Frank Beamer said. "We got after them good." Tennessee's star running back, Montario Hardesty, could not keep up with Williams. The Volunteers' senior had 18 carries for 39 yards and a touchdown. "We got gassed; we got tired," Tennessee defensive end Chris Walker said. "You could tell especially on defense we weren't making plays. "Ryan Williams is a really great player." Tennessee quarterback Jonathan Crompton was taken to a local hospital after the game for precautionary reasons, according to a school spokesman. Crompton suffered an undisclosed injury late in the game. Vols junior safety Eric Berry confirmed after the game he will enter the NFL draft.
Tennessee was hurt by two turnovers which led to 10 points for Virginia Tech, and a dropped pass that cost the Vols a touchdown. "For whatever reason, we didn't play well today," Tennessee coach Lane Kiffin said. "I was surprised we weren't able to run the ball better." Rashad Carmichael intercepted a pass by Crompton in the first quarter to set up Williams' first touchdown run. Crompton fumbled when sacked by Nekos Brown late in the fourth quarter. John Graves recovered at the Tennessee 13 to set up Matt Waldron's third field goal, a 22-yarder. Virginia Tech players dumped a cooler of water on Beamer seconds later. Virginia Tech fans in the sellout crowd of 73,777 cheered, and Beamer raised his fists in response. Williams sat out the fourth quarter after a left ankle sprain. 
Virginia Tech fans cheered when Williams left the trainer's table and ran on the sideline, but Beamer gave the fourth-quarter carries to Josh Oglesby and David Wilson. Wilson had a 3-yard touchdown run with 5:14 remaining. Williams passed Kevin Jones' school-record record 1,647 yards rushing in 2003. North Carolina's Don McCauley held the ACC records with 19 rushing touchdowns and 21 total in 1970. Clemson's C.J. Spiller matched the total touchdown mark this season. Georgia Tech's Robert Lavette also rushed for 19 touchdowns in 1982. Williams passed Jones with his seventh carry of an eight-play touchdown drive in the third quarter. He had long runs of 21 and 32 yards in the drive before setting the record on a 6-yard run to the 3. Tyrod Taylor scored from the 1 for a 24–14 lead. He completed 10 of 17 passes for 201 yards with an interception. Crompton completed 15 of 26 passes for 235 yards with a touchdown and an interception.
Waldron, who had a 21-yard field goal at the end of the first half, added a 46-yarder – the longest of his career – to push the lead to 27–14 early in the fourth quarter. Tennessee's had a chance to get back into it, but wide-open Denarius Moore dropped a deep pass from Crompton on the Vols' next drive. Kiffin said the play "really took the wind out of our sails." Williams had two short touchdown runs to give the Hokies a 14–0 lead in the second quarter. Tennessee then responded. Hardesty ran through 301-pound defensive tackle Cordarrow Thompson's tackle for a 4-yard run to cap an 80-yard drive. Janzen Jackson's interception set up Crompton's 2-yard touchdown pass to Moore with 18 seconds remaining in the first half. Instead of running out the clock, Taylor threw from his 33 to Jarrett Boykin, who was stopped inside the Vols' 5 as the clock apparently expired. Tennessee players left the field but were summoned back as a video review showed Boykin's knee hit the ground with 2 seconds remaining. "I knew that there was time left looking at the clock when Boykin made the catch," Taylor said. Waldron's 21-yard field goal gave Virginia Tech a 17–14 halftime lead. The Hokies, who won the Orange Bowl last season, have back-to-back bowl wins for the first time in school history. Virginia Tech ended the season at 10–3 and finished #10 in the final AP Poll.
Controversy.
On November 12, three freshman Vols players — safety Janzen Jackson, receiver Nu'Keese Richardson, and defensive back Mike Edwards — were arrested in Knoxville on charges of attempted armed robbery. Edwards and Richardson were permanently dismissed from the team on November 16. Jackson has been reinstated after the charges were dropped and returned to the team for the November 28th game against Kentucky.
2010 NFL Draft.
The 2010 NFL Draft was held on April 22–24, 2010 at Radio City Music Hall in New York City. The following University of Tennessee players were selected:

</doc>
<doc id="20523712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523712" title="Tom Kirby (darts player)">
Tom Kirby (darts player)

Tom Kirby (1946/1947 – 1 December 2008) was an Irish darts player.
Kirby was the first Irishman man to join the Professional Darts Corporation (then known as the World Darts Council) and entered its inaugural World Championship in 1994, where he won Group 7 by leg difference to reach the quarter finals, losing to eventual winner Dennis Priestley. Kirby also reached the quarter finals of the 1994 UK Matchplay, beating Cliff Lazarenko in the first round before losing to Jamie Harvey.
Kirby made two more appearance at the World Championship in 1995 and 1996 but lost out in the group stages. He also played in three World Matchplays, losing in the first round in 1994 and 1996 to Phil Taylor. Kirby won his first round match in 1995 against Sean Downs before losing in the second round to John Lowe.
Kirby then quietly disappeared from the sport but resurfaced in 2002, entering UK Open regionals. He then played in the 2003 UK Open, but lost in the Preliminary Round. In 2004, Kirby reached the quarter finals of the Irish Masters where he lost to Peter Manley. Kirby then returned to the UK Open the same year, reaching the third round where he lost to Colin Lloyd. He also reached the quarter finals of the Northern Ireland Open, a WDF ranked event.
Kirby qualified for the 2005 World Grand Prix in Dublin. Despite a brave effort, he lost in the first round to then-reigning champion Lloyd. Good performances in the regional finals of the 2006 UK Open earned him a spot in the third round proper but lost to Andy Callaby.
Kirby died in Blanchardstown from pancreatic cancer aged 61. A PDC tournament, the Irish Matchplay, was renamed in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20523737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523737" title="Canada in View">
Canada in View

Canada in View was a Canadian documentary series aired on several stations affiliated with the CTV Television Network from the late 1980s to early 1990s. The program was co-operatively produced by participating stations, each contributing long-form documentaries about local issues on a rotating basis. Although it apparently aired solely on CTV affiliates, it is not clear whether the program was ever officially part of CTV's network schedule.
The series used a loophole in CRTC regulations of the era, which allowed each station involved in the production of such a series to count it as a "local" program for the purposes of fulfilling its conditions of licence, even if the program did not contain local content on a weekly basis. Since production responsibilities were rotated among all stations, participation in "Canada in View" could thus dramatically reduce a given station's local production requirements. 
The CRTC announced in 1989 it would close the loophole for information and sports programming, which included "Canada in View", though it provided a temporary reprieve for existing productions, but only until the end of participating stations' licence terms. In most cases this was August 1994, by which point the series had disappeared. Whether this decision directly led to the demise of the series is unclear; one columnist would later place the blame on Baton Broadcasting (at that time the largest CTV-affiliate ownership group) for pulling out of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="20523740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523740" title="Mesa Arizona Easter Pageant">
Mesa Arizona Easter Pageant

The Mesa Arizona Easter Pageant "Jesus the Christ" is an annual production of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) staged on the grounds of the Mesa Arizona Temple. One of the six LDS pageants, "Jesus the Christ" began in 1928 as a small sunrise Easter presentation. The pageant is now the "largest annual outdoor Easter pageant in the world." With a 450-member cast, the 65-minute pageant depicts the birth, life, death, and resurrection of Jesus Christ using song and dance.
The pageant runs Tuesday through Saturday evenings during the two weeks just before Easter, performing completely in Spanish on the first Friday and Saturday evening. No donations are accepted and no tickets are required, although seating is first-come, first-served.
History.
The production began in 1928 as a sunrise Easter service. During its ten-day run in 2005, the pageant performed for more than 150,000 people. It is now the "largest annual outdoor Easter pageant in the world."
The four-story, multi-level stage used for the pageant is a temporary installment on the temple grounds. It takes three weeks to assemble and is disassembled after each Easter season.
Cast and crew.
Auditions are required to participate in the pageant, and all cast and crew positions are voluntary. Nearly 1,000 people auditioned in 2013 while only 475 (the largest cast to date) were invited back. While the cast is mostly composed of members of the LDS Church, members of several other religious faiths participate in the production each year.
Participation in the pageant is meant to enrich both the viewer and the cast and crew. Before each performance, the cast and crew gather in the chapel adjacent to the Temple grounds for an 1/2 hour-long devotional. A portion of the cast and crew is also assigned to visit with the crowd before and after the production each night.
The director as of November 2012 is Jenee Prince.

</doc>
<doc id="20523749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523749" title="Larkin's Hill Farm">
Larkin's Hill Farm

Larkin's Hill Farm is a historic home at Harwood, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story gambrel-roofed brick house with a 20th-century wing. In 1683 the estate served as a temporary capital of Maryland. John Larkin, an early Quaker settler in the area, later operated an inn here as a stopping place on the first regular postal route in Maryland, which ran from St. Mary's City to Annapolis. The present brick house was built during the ownership of Lord High Sheriff of Annapolis Captain John Gassaway, the grandson of pioneer politician Colonel Nicholas Gassaway, shortly after his acquisition of the property in 1753.
Larkin's Hill Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20523761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523761" title="Death and the Flower">
Death and the Flower

Death and the Flower is the third album on the Impulse label by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett. Originally released in 1975, it features performances by Jarrett's 'American Quartet' which included Dewey Redman, Charlie Haden and Paul Motian with Guilherme Franco added on percussion.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "The main selection, the 21-minute "Death and the Flower," develops logically from atmospheric sounds to intense group improvising and back again; it is the main reason to acquire this name="Allmusic">Yanow, S. [http://allmusic.com/album/death-and-the-flower-r141466/review Allmusic Review accessed September 15, 2011</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="20523818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523818" title="St Jovite">
St Jovite

St Jovite (foaled 1989 in Kentucky) was an American bred, Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse bred and owned by Virginia Kraft Payson. He was sired by Pleasant Colony, winner of the 1981 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes. Her dam, Northern Sunset was, a granddaughter of the pre-eminent sire of the 20th Century, Northern Dancer.
Sent to race on European turf courses under Irish trainer Jim Bolger, in 1991 St Jovite was voted the Champion 2-year-old in Ireland after winning the Anglesey and Futurity Stakes. At three, the colt ran second to Dr Devious in the 1992 Epsom Derby. St Jovite then defeated Dr Devious by twelve lengths while setting a new Curragh Racecourse record in winning the Irish Derby. Following his win over older horses in the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes, St. Jovite ran second again by a short-head to Dr Devious in the Irish Champion Stakes.
Sent to Longchamp Racecourse in Paris, France for the prestigious Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe, St Jovite finished fourth to winner, Subotica.
Retired to stud duty, St Jovite was purchased by Greentree Stud in Newtown, County Tipperary in Ireland where he now stands. Among his notable offspring is Amerique, a winner in the United States of the San Juan Capistrano Invitational Handicap.

</doc>
<doc id="20523839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523839" title="Larkin's Hundred">
Larkin's Hundred

Larkin's Hundred, also known as The Castle, is a historic home at Harwood, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story brick house. Although tradition holds that it was built in 1704 by Thomas Larkin, a son of John Larkin of nearby Larkin's Hill Farm, evidence suggest it was actually constructed in the second quarter of the 18th century for Captain Joseph Cowman, a mariner and wealthy Quaker. A white clapboard kitchen wing at the west end was added in 1870. A noteworthy interior feature is a graceful stairway of American walnut.
Larkin's Hundred was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20523893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523893" title="Total Baseball">
Total Baseball

Total Baseball (Latest Edition ISBN 1-894963-27-X, First Published 1989) is a baseball encyclopedia first compiled by John Thorn and Pete Palmer in 1989. The latest edition, published in 2004, is its eighth. The encyclopedia contains seasonal and career statistics in numerous categories for every Major League player, as well as historical, opinion, and year-by-year essays.
History.
The idea for "Total Baseball" originated when two baseball statisticians and historians, Palmer and Thorn, realized that the current "Baseball Encyclopedia" endorsed by Major League Baseball contained numerous significant mistakes. These included miscalculations by earlier statisticians, typographic mistakes made by the original score keeper, and even "phantom" players who did not actually exist and were added to a box score incorrectly, Lou Proctor being a notable example. In addition, Thorn and Palmer took the liberty of correcting mistakes not commonly accepted by the baseball community, such as the apparent discovery that Ty Cobb actually garnered 4,189 hits, not 4,191, or that Walter Johnson in fact had 417 career wins, not 416. Thorn and Palmer also included new, sabermetric statics developed by statisticians like Bill James, such as runs created or total average. The first edition of "Total Baseball" sold 75,000 copies, and by its fourth edition, Major League Baseball endorsed it as its official encyclopedia.

</doc>
<doc id="20523907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523907" title="Entiminae">
Entiminae

The Entiminae (broad-nosed weevils) is a large subfamily in the weevil family Curculionidae, containing most of the short-nosed weevils, including such genera as "Otiorhynchus", "Phyllobius" and "Sitona". Some of these weevils are notorious pests of major economic importance.
Tribes.
Some notable genera and species are also listed.

</doc>
<doc id="20523916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523916" title="Geunsan">
Geunsan

Geunsan is a mountain in the city of Samcheok, Gangwon-do, in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20523917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523917" title="Australian Institute of Food Science and Technology">
Australian Institute of Food Science and Technology

The Australian Institute of Food Science and Technology Incorporated (AIFST) is a national, not-for-profit industry body representing individuals from all sectors of the food science and technology industry.
Originally established as an overseas section of the US-based Institute of Food Technologists (IFT), the AIFST became an independent association on 20 April 1967. The AIFST was a founding member of IUFoST, and retains strong links with IFT and IUFoST today.
An AIFST National Convention is held annually, and is the major national food technology conference in Australia, attracting industry, research and government organisations from Australia and overseas.
In addition to the Convention, services provided to members include:

</doc>
<doc id="20523919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523919" title="SS Ravenscrag">
SS Ravenscrag

SS "Ravenscrag" (or SS "Ravenscraig") is the name several ships, one being historically significant for bringing to the Hawaiian Islands in 1879 Portuguese immigrants who subsequently introduced the ukulele to island culture.
Capt. Biggam's Ravenscrag.
The best known of several similarly named ships, the "Ravenscrag" (spelled without the "i") is a British ship commanded by Capt. Biggam that on 23 August 1879 brought 419 Portuguese immigrants from the Madeira Islands to the Hawaiian Islands to work as contract laborers in the sugarcane plantations. The ship left the Madeiran port of Funchal on 23 April 1879 and took exactly four months to cross the Atlantic Ocean, round Cape Horn, and then sail across the Pacific to Honolulu, Hawaii. Among the passengers were Manuel Nunes, Augusto Dias, Jose do Espirito Santo, and Joao Fernandes, who are credited with introducing the ukulele to Hawaii. This was the second ship of Portuguese immigrants to reach the Islands, having been preceded on 30 September 1878 by the German bark .
Though depicted in a U.S. Postal Service description of a 2004 commemorative stamp release as a wooden-hulled bark, the Ravenscrag was actually a 1,263 tons, long, iron-hulled, three-masted sailing ship with square sails on each mast (i.e., a clipper). It was commissioned by Scottish-Canadian shipping magnate Sir Hugh Allan for his Allan Shipping Line with freight service between Britain and the States, and named by Allan after his mansion in Montreal, Canada, which had been named, in turn, after Ravenscraig Castle in Scotland. The ship was built for Allan in 1866 by Robert Steele & Co. at Yard No. 52 in Greenock, England, and owned by J. & A. Allan & Company of Glasgow, Scotland, an Allan Line subsidiary that was overseen by Sir Hugh's older brother James Allan.
Biggam, still under the employ of the Allan Line, is shown as captain of the Ravenscrag in an 1885 trade journal, the same year the ship was sold to John Crow Richardson of Swansea, England. It was then sold in 1896 to F.G. Mabane of South Shields, England. Two years later the New York Times on 7 April 1898 reported that ""the British ship Ravenscrag . . . has not arrived here (Callao, Peru) and is officially reported missing."" The article further states that the Ravenscrag was ""an iron vessel, built at Greenock in 1893, hails from South Shields, Eng. and is owned by T.G. Mabano."" Allowing for misspellings and incorrect reporting of dates, this is clearly the same ship that Captain Biggam and 419 Portuguese immigrants sailed 19 years earlier to the Hawaiian Islands. Though feared lost a sea, the Ravenscrag did arrive at the port of Callao several days late, having been delayed by unusually strong currents while crossing the Atlantic.
The Norwegian firm of Johanson Joh. & Co. of Oslo in 1901 purchased the "Ravenscrag", and renamed it the SV "Armenia". The ship at this time was still full rigged for sail, but the Norwegians subsequently rerigged it as a bark. The SV "Armenia" met its demise on 27 August 1907 when, while on a voyage from Rio de Janeiro to Glasgow to deliver lumber, it was attempting to put in at the port of Matane, Quebec in a thick fog, and ran aground at Capucins on the Quebec side of the St. Lawrence River.
Rescue ship of the Polaris Expedition.
Perhaps the first ship to bear the name "Ravenscraig" (with an "i") was a 581 to 589 tons, long, wooden sailing ship, sheathed in yellow metal (copper?), that was built in 1853 in South Shields, England, and owned by Lockart & Co. Though registered in Kirkcaldy, Scotland it was employed initially in the Australian and New Zealand wool trade, and was still in service in 1865 when shipping agents Levin & Co. and Bethune & Hunter ran ads advertizing passage from New Zealand to London.
The "Ravenscraig" at some point was outfitted with a steam engine and converted to a whaling ship, which on 23–25 June 1873 was involved in the arctic rescue of the crew of the USS "Polaris", which had been trying to reach the North Pole on an ill-fated expedition of the U.S. Navy. The official testimony of one of the rescued sailors describes the "Ravenscraig" as ""a bark of about 400 tons rough estimate, with steam-power . . . hailed from Kirkcaldie (Kirkcaldy), but sailed from Dundee."" The owner of this bark was Ninian Lockart, Esq. of Kirkcaldy, Scotland, whose firm of Lockart & Co. twenty years earlier in 1853 had first purchased the "Ravenscraig.
Other ships named Ravenscraig.
Another ship named the SS "Ravenscraig" was a long, 2,301 tons steamship built in 1900 at Port Huron, Michigan as a bulk freighter by the Jenks Shipbuilding Company for hauling iron and copper ore on the Great Lakes. It was, in fact, the first ship launched from the company's new ship yard. The SS "Ravenscraig" was sold in 1907, and taken off the lakes. When it was sold again in 1917 it was renamed the "Edward F. Cragin." It remained in service until 1923, when it was scrapped in Italy.
There is also record of a long, 333 tons British steamship named the "Ravenscraig" that was built in 1899 and sank on 18 September 1932 in the English Channel, just off the mouth of the Thames River, during a collision with another steamship. A more recent ship to bear the name, one that was built about 1979, is a British, long, steel-hulled, bulk freighter that on 17 April 1989 helped rescue the crew of the cargo ship "Star of Alexandria" when it sank in the Atlantic Ocean about 400 miles southwest of Cape Cod.

</doc>
<doc id="20523955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523955" title="Jose C. Abriol">
Jose C. Abriol

Jose C. Abriol (February 4, 1918 – July 6, 2003) was a Filipino Catholic priest, monsignor, and Bible translator from the Philippines. He became an official member of the priesthood on May 14, 1942. He translated the Holy Bible from the original Hebrew and Greek. Apart from this, he also became the rector of the Manila Cathedral from 1962 to 1975, and at the same time as the chancellor of the Archdiocese of Manila. He was fluent in nine languages, namely Spanish, Latin, Greek, Hebrew, Italian, English, German and Filipino (Tagalog). He served as a priest for sixty years. He died at the age of 85, five months after receiving his award. He is regarded as one of the "great intellectuals of the Philippine Church and the world."
As a translator.
As a priest who yearned to propagate the Roman Catholic faith in the Philippines, Abriol wrote and translated hundreds of books and novenas into the Filipino language. Among his works are the very first translation of the complete books of the Catholic Bible into Tagalog (also known as Pilipino), literature on Roman Catholic Cathecism, the Order of Mass and the rest of the Roman Missal, and the Lectionary. He translated the Holy Bible from the original Hebrew and Greek while serving as rector of the Cathedral of Manila, a period encompassing ten years of his life. From 1953 to 1963, he alloted five hours a day for this task. Among the 69 to 70 books he authored - excluding his other translation works - were those about the life of saints, prayers for the Virgin Mary, Sunday missals, the "Via Crucis" (or the Way of the Cross), the "Siete Palabras" (Spanish for the Seven Last Words of Christ). Before the year 2000, he was also able to finish his translation of Pope John Paul II's encyclical, the "Fides et Ratio" (or "Faith and Reason"), which became "Pananampalataya at Katwiran" in Tagalog.
As a priest.
Apart from being the rector of the Manila Cathedral and from being the Chancellor for the Archdiocese of Manila from 1962 to 1975, Abriol also served as parish priests for the parishes of St. Michael the Archangel at Jala-Jala, Rizal (1947–1951), of San Rafael, Balut, Tondo in Manila (1951–1962), and of the Minor Basilica of the Black Nazarene at Quiapo, Manila (1976–1993). He was also a member of the Manila Archdiocesan Commission for the Conservation of the Patrimony of the Art and History of the Church from 1993 through 1999. He became the Vicar General for the Archdiocese of Manila for 38 years from 1965 to July 2003. He was also the first director of Manila's Archdiocese Museum, a museum that houses his own "personal collections and church treasures" formerly safeguarded inside a bank vault. While serving as a parish priest at the Basilica of the Black Nazarene in Quiapo, Manila, Abriol established the St. Peter’s Men Society, a group that "defended Catholicism in Plaza Miranda against anti-Catholics and employed radio technology to communicate and explain the Biblical foundation of the Catholic faith" to the Filipino people. Abriol did not retire from the priesthood, nor from his translation and research activities, when he reached the mandatory age of 75. Abriol died of cardiac arrest at the Cardinal Santos Memorial Hospital on July 6, 2003. His wake was held at the "Arzobispado de Manila" (the Archbishopric of Manila) inside Intramuros, while the interment was held on July 10, 2003 at the Manila Cathedral, with Cardinal Jaime Sin as the main celebrant of the mass. Abriol was the friend and confessor of Cardinal Sin.
Awards and recognitions.
In the Philippines.
In the Philippines, Abriol received the "Gawad Bukas Palad" (literally, the "Open Palm [ of the hand ] Award") in 1999 from the Ateneo de Manila University, the "Outstanding Manilan Award" in 2000 from the government of the City of Manila, and the "Gawad ng Pagkilala" (or "Recognition Award") in 2000 from the Commission on the Filipino Language (formerly known as the National Language Institute) of the Philippines for the "propagation and development of the Filipino language." On October 3, 1999, Abriol - then 81 years old - also became a recipient of the "Ten Outstanding Elderly of the Philippines Award" (known in the Philippines as "Sampung Ulirang Nakatatanda") because of his religious work and writings that were offered "for the use and edification of the ordinary faithful." The award was given to Abriol at St. Paul’s College in Quezon City.
Works.
The translation works of Abriol include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20523965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20523965" title="Mysteries (album)">
Mysteries (album)

Mysteries is the fourth album on the Impulse label by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett. Originally released in 1976 it features performances by Jarrett's 'American Quartet' which included Dewey Redman, Charlie Haden and Paul Motian with Guilherme Franco added on percussion.
In October 2011, "Shades" was reissued with "Mysteries" in a single disc format titled "Mysteries / Shades", as part of the "Impulse! 2-on-1" series. Both albums were the product of the same recording sessions.
The album was included in the 1996 four disc "Mysteries - Impulse Years 1975-76", a box-set which also featured Jarrett's two final albums for Impulse "Byablue" and "Bop-Be".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album four stars stating "The Coltrane-ish 15-minute title track has passages of meditative beauty and others of listless torpor. For completists only."
Writing for jazz-com, Ted Giola gave the track "Everything That Lives Laments" a rating of 95/100 and described it as follows: "The opening section, played in a free tempo, takes on a funereal stateliness. The ensemble plays with great control and sensitivity, but the quality of sound Haden extracts from his bass deserves special mention. Then, shortly after the two-minute market, the combo settles into a lilting groove over a quirky six-bar chord pattern, where what sounds like the start of the turnaround (because the listener is expecting an eight bar structure) is actually the return to the top of the form — a clever device that is very effectively employed here... this recording testifies that his American combo ranked among the finest jazz groups of the mid-1970s."

</doc>
<doc id="20524012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524012" title="List of Colorado Avalanche general managers">
List of Colorado Avalanche general managers

This article is a list of all-time general managers of the Colorado Avalanche and Quebec Nordiques.

</doc>
<doc id="20524021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524021" title="KTCJ-LD">
KTCJ-LD

KTCJ-LD channel 50 is a digital low-power television station in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Its main affiliation is with the Cornerstone Television network. It broadcasts with a 15 kW signal from its Arden Hills, Minnesota tower, which it shares with sister station KHVM-LD channel 48, a Global Christian Network affiliate, and Daystar Television Network affiiate WDMI-LD channel 62. The channels' tower was hit by lightning around Memorial Day 2010, forcing both stations KHVM-LD and KTCJ-LD to go silent (WDMI converted from analog to digital about the same time). The RabbitEars.Info website reports the stations as being back on the air, and the FCC website reports KTCJ-LD to be "Licensed".

</doc>
<doc id="20524056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524056" title="Larra (genus)">
Larra (genus)

Wasps in the genus Larra are parasitoids which attack various species of mole crickets. Found worldwide in the tropics, they have gained prominence as integrated pest management agents.
Life cycle.
"Larra" wasps feed on nectar as adults. Female wasps hunt adult or late instar mole crickets and lay their eggs upon them, first temporarily paralyzing them by stinging them on the underside. The larva, upon hatching, gradually consumes the host, eventually killing it. It then pupates in or near the remains. The adults are solitary and do not form colonies. Incubation and development are highly variable in length and dependent upon temperature; in winter the larvae may enter diapause. Each "Larra" species preferentially hunts a particular set of prey species, even when related prey is available.
The temporary paralysis of the host is a distinctive feature of the genus. Other related wasps generally paralyze the host permanently and bury it so that the larva can consume it undisturbed.
"Larra polita", which is endemic to the Philippines, has been successfully introduced to Hawaii to help control "Gryllotalpa orientalis", the oriental mole cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="20524063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524063" title="KHVM-LD">
KHVM-LD

KHVM-LD channel 48 is a digital low-power television station in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Its main affiliation is with the Global Christian Network network. It broadcasts with a 15 kW signal from its Arden Hills, Minnesota tower, which it shares with sister station KTCJ-LD channel 50, a Cornerstone Television Network affiliate, and Daystar Television Network affiiate WDMI-LD channel 62. The channels' tower was hit by lightning around Memorial Day 2010 forcing both stations KHVM-LD and KTCJ-LD to go silent (WDMI converted from analog to digital about the same time). The RabbitEars.Info website reports the stations as being back on the air.
KHVM broadcast a highly directional signal on channel 28 that carried southwest, to possibly to avoid signal conflicts with Wisconsin Public Television station WHWC-TV channel 28 in Menomonie, Wisconsin. KHVM has FCC "Special Temporary Authority" (STA) to broadcast at 0.35 kW power. In addition to WHWC, KAWB in Brainerd, Minnesota, which also broadcasts on channel 28, are displacing KHVM, which has a Construction Permit from the FCC to move to channel 48. KHVM bagan broadcasting on channel 48 over the last weekend in July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20524077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524077" title="Shades (Keith Jarrett album)">
Shades (Keith Jarrett album)

Shades is the fifth album on the Impulse label by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett. Originally released in 1976 it features performances by Jarrett's 'American Quartet' which included Dewey Redman, Charlie Haden and Paul Motian with Guilherme Franco added on percussion.
Aside from appearing in the "" boxset, "Shades" was only issued on compact disc in Japan, packaged in a miniature replica of the original vinyl LP sleeve. In October 2011, it was reissued internationally as part of the "Impulse! 2-on-1" series, packaged with "Mysteries" in a single disc format titled "Mysteries / Shades".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "Throughout, bassist Charlie Haden, drummer Paul Motian and percussionist Guilherme Franco keep the band's juices flowing.".

</doc>
<doc id="20524090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524090" title="United States presidential election in Virginia, 2008">
United States presidential election in Virginia, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Virginia took place on November 4, 2008, which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 13 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Virginia was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 6.3% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a blue state, despite the fact that initially Virginia was a swing state that both campaigns targeted heavily in 2008 and that Virginia was once one of the most reliable red states in the nation. The financial meltdown, the changing demographics, and the population increases in voter rich Northern Virginia gave Obama the edge as he was projected the winner in the Old Dominion State. It was the first time in over 40 years that Virginia voted for a Democratic presidential nominee since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964.
Campaign.
Virginia was one of the first Southern states to break away from its traditional Democratic roots. It voted for Dwight Eisenhower by a convincing margin in 1952, and had voted for every Republican nominee since then save for Johnson's massive landslide in 1964.
However, the Democrats have made strong gains in the past years with winning two gubernatorial races in a row, regaining control of the Virginia Senate, and electing Democrat Jim Webb to the U.S. Senate in 2006 over incumbent Republican George Allen. Democrats have been able to make such gains in Virginia due in large part to the ever-expanding Northern Virginia, particularly the suburbs surrounding Washington, D.C. Historically, this area had been strongly Republican. However, in recent years it has been dominated by white liberals who tend to vote Democratic. It was, ultimately, this rapid demographic change that provided a huge new influx of Democratic voters to Virginia.
Both presidential campaigns and the mainstream media treated Virginia as a swing state for most of the campaign. Obama campaigned extensively in Virginia and counted on the booming northern parts of the state for a Democratic victory. Victory for McCain would have been extremely difficult without Virginia; he would have had to win every swing state as well as at least one Democratic-leaning state.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
After McCain clinched the Republican Party nomination in early March, he took a wide lead in polls against Obama, averaging almost 50%. But through the summer, polling was dead even. After the Lehman Brothers went bankrupt, Obama took a wide lead in the polls. In October, Obama won every single poll taken, and reached over 50% in most of them. The final three polls averaged Obama leading 52% to 46%.
Fundraising.
Obama raised $17,035,784. McCain raised $16,130,194.
Spending and visits.
Obama spent over $26 million to McCain spending just $14 million. The Obama-Biden ticket visited the state 19 times compared to just 10 times for McCain-Palin.
Analysis.
On Election Day, early returns showed McCain ahead. This was due in large part to the fact that many of the rural areas began to report first. However, Obama swamped McCain by scoring a near-sweep in Northern Virginia, which reported its returns last.
Obama did extremely well throughout the most populous regions of the state. Northern Virginia overwhelmingly supported Obama. Fairfax County and Arlington counties, traditionally the most Democratic counties in the region, gave Obama over 60% of the vote. Moreover, Loudoun and Prince William counties, normally the more conservative counties in the region, voted Democratic for the first time since LBJ's 1964 landslide.
The two other major metropolitan areas in the eastern part of the state, Richmond and Hampton Roads, are somewhat less Democratic than Northern Virginia. In both areas, Obama improved significantly on John Kerry's performance. While Obama easily won Richmond itself (which is 57% African American), he also made significant inroads into Richmond's traditionally heavily Republican suburbs. He carried Henrico County with 57 percent of the vote; that county last supported a Democrat with Harry S. Truman in 1948. In Chesterfield County, Obama did almost 20 points better than Kerry. Both counties have historically been strongly Republican, although Henrico is something of a swing county at state-level elections.
Obama also did very well in Hampton Roads. The four Democratic-leaning cities along the harbor - Hampton, Newport News, Norfolk, and Portsmouth - gave him margins exceeding 60%. Obama also split the Republican-leaning cities of Chesapeake and Virginia Beach; he barely won the former and barely lost the latter. Obama's strong performance in the area likely contributed to Democrat Glenn Nye unseating two-term Republican incumbent Thelma Drake in the , a heavy military district which includes all of Virginia Beach and large portions of Norfolk and Hampton.
Obama also significantly outperformed Kerry in Western Virginia, an area where the national Democratic Party has historically not done well. Danville and Roanoke, usually the most Democratic cities in this region, gave him moderate support. He also had a major breakthrough in the Shenandoah Valley, historically one of the most Republican areas of the state. He won Harrisonburg, the largest city in the region, with a resounding 57 percent of the vote. He also won the second-largest city in the area, Staunton, albeit more narrowly. The Shenandoah Valley had been among the first regions of the state to turn Republican. The old Byrd Democrats in this region started splitting their tickets as early as the 1930s, and some counties in this region haven't supported a Democrat since Franklin D. Roosevelt. Several rural counties in Eastern Virginia with high African-American populations voted for Obama as well.
In contrast to Obama, McCain did well throughout rural Virginia. He won the vast majority of its counties. In the part of Virginia protruding out west, Obama ran roughly even with Kerry, even though he comfortably won the election and Kerry lost. This area, save for one county and a few small towns, uniformly supported McCain. In addition, a number of unionized, Appalachian counties located next to Kentucky voted Republican; they had cast strong ballots for Bill Clinton. This was not surprising as this part of Virginia is a part of Appalachia, a region in which Obama consistently struggled during the course of the Democratic primary.
The Republican base in Virginia consists of the state's traditional Republican heartland in the Blue Ridge Mountains, social conservatives in the Shenandoah Valley and suburbanites in the east. McCain closely matched George W. Bush's numbers among the first group and only did slightly worse than Bush amongst the second group. However, in 2008, suburbanites in Northern Virginia and in the Richmond/Hampton Roads areas abandoned the Republican Party in droves, and it was simply impossible for McCain to win the state without their support.
During the same election, former Democratic Governor Mark Warner solidly defeated former Governor (and his predecessor) Republican Jim Gilmore by a two-to-one margin for the open U.S. Senate seat vacated by incumbent Republican John Warner (no relation to Mark Warner). Warner received 65.03% of the vote while Gilmore took in 33.73%. Warner won all but five counties in the state. Democrats also picked up three seats in the U.S. House of Representatives. At the state level, Democrats picked up one seat in the Virginia House of Delegates.
Despite Obama's victory, the fact remains' that Virginia's margin was 0.97% more Republican than the national average.
Results breakdown.
By county/city.
Source: [https://www.voterinfo.sbe.virginia.gov/election/DATA/2008/07261AFC-9ED3-410F-B07D-84D014AB2C6B/Official/1_l_89BE12EC-7BBF-479C-935A-9B8C51DD3524_s.shtml]
By congressional district.
Barack Obama carried six of the state’s 11 congressional districts, including four districts held by Republicans at the time of the election. John McCain carried five districts, one of which was held by Democrats on election day. 
Electors.
Technically the voters of Virginia cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Virginia is allocated 13 electors because it has 11 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 13 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 13 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 13 were pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20524094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524094" title="Eric Blom">
Eric Blom

Eric Walter Blom CBE (20 August 188811 April 1959) was a Swiss-born British-naturalised music lexicographer, musicologist, music critic, music biographer and translator. He is best known as the editor of the 5th edition of "Grove’s Dictionary of Music and Musicians" (1954).
Biography.
Blom was born in Berne, Switzerland. His father was of Danish and British descent, and his mother was Swiss. He was educated in German-speaking Switzerland, and later in England. He was largely self-taught in music. He started in music journalism by assisting Rosa Newmarch in writing program notes for Sir Henry J. Wood’s Prom Concerts, which were notable for their abundance of accurate information. From 1923 to 1931 he was the London music correspondent for the "Manchester Guardian". He then went to the "Birmingham Post" (1931-46), and returned to London in 1949, as music critic for "The Observer". He retired as chief music critic for "The Observer" in 1953, but still wrote weekly contributions right up till his death.
He was the editor of "Music & Letters" from 1937 to 1950, and again from 1954 until his death. He withdrew in 1950 because of his preoccupation with the preparation of "Grove's Dictionary". He returned in 1954 only because the proprietor and then-editor, Richard Capell, died. In his capacity as musical adviser to the Dent publishing firm, he also edited the "Master Musicians" series, of which he wrote "Mozart". He discovered a number of young authors and gave them their first opportunities to write music biography.
Eric Blom's first lexicographical work was "Everyman's Dictionary of Music" (1947), which went through several editions (it was revised in 1988 by D. Cummings as "The New Everyman Dictionary of Music").
He succeeded H. C. Colles as editor of "Grove's Dictionary" for the 5th edition (usually referred to as "Grove V"). Colles had confined the dictionary to five and six volumes for Grove III and IV respectively (1927, 1940). Blom expanded it to nine volumes for Grove V (1954). As well his overall editing responsibilities, Blom personally wrote hundreds of entries, including Arthur Sullivan. He also translated many entries by foreign contributors (he was fluent in German, Danish, Italian and French as well as English). A Supplementary Volume was published in 1961, after Blom's death, but he had done most of the work on it. His introduction and acknowledgments were included, and he is credited as Editor, with Denis Stevens as Associate Editor. His own biography, written by Frank Howes (the chief music critic of "The Times"), appeared in the Supplementary Volume. Grove V was reprinted in 1966, 1968, 1970, 1973 and 1975, and remained the standard edition of Grove until the New Grove was released in 1980.
Blom was forthright in his opinions. He could be almost gushing about his favourites, particularly Mozart, and most especially his operas. He wrote that Benjamin Britten's "Peter Grimes" was "so impressive and original that only the most absurd prejudice will keep it out of the great foreign opera houses". Equally, he did not shrink from criticising composers he thought less of, and introduced some of his own prejudices. He was capable of uniquely insightful comments on well-known works in which he held a minority opinion; e.g., that the solo part of the Sibelius Violin Concerto "is closely interwoven with the symphonic tissue, and is therefore neglected by the average virtuoso" (even though it is in fact one of the most popular and frequently played and recorded of all violin concertos). Even more notoriously and with far less insight, he wrote that Rachmaninoff "did not have the individuality of Taneyev or Medtner. Technically he was highly gifted, but also severely limited. His music is ... monotonous in texture ... The enormous popular success some few of Rakhmaninov's works had in his lifetime is not likely to last, and musicians never regarded it with much favour". To this, Harold C. Schonberg, New York critic not immune to snobbery of his own, in his "Lives of the Great Composers", responded with equally outspoken unfairness, "It is one of the most outrageously snobbish and even stupid statements ever to be found in a work that is supposed to be an objective reference".
Blom translated many documents for Otto Erich Deutsch's "Mozart: A Documentary Biography" (published 1965).
He assisted Gervase Hughes in the writing of his book "The Music of Arthur Sullivan". In 1956, for the Mozart bicentenary, he published some of Mozart's letters translated by Emily Anderson.
He died on 11 April 1959, and is interred at Golders Green Crematorium. He had requested that at his funeral, the organist play J.S. Bach's final chorale prelude (dictated in his blind state on his deathbed to his son-in-law Altnikol) "Vor Deinen Thron tret' ich zu Dir" (I step before Thy throne, O Lord). Unfortunately, 'Bach chorale' was resoundingly misunderstood, and the laughably incongruous "Barcarolle" from Offenbach's Les contes d'Hoffmann (Tales of Hoffmann) was played instead.
Other writings.
His other books include:

</doc>
<doc id="20524179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524179" title="Grade Six Achievement Test">
Grade Six Achievement Test

Grade Six Achievement Test (GSAT) is Jamaica's national high school entrance examination. It is usually taken in March. with the results are usually released in June. The GSAT replaced the UK's Common Entrance Examination in 1999. 
There are 5 subjects, namely English (including comprehension), Social Studies, Science, Arithmetic andCommunication Task. All subjects but Communication Task and Science (which has 60 questions) have 80 questions. 
Choosing schools.
The form for the GSAT Examination choosing of schools in usually given out in September. The candidate is asked to give 5 high school choices and the reasons they wish to attend. Candidate are placed in a high school based on the grades they score.
Top GSAT School.
Hydel preparatory school
Worst performing school.
Ensom City Primary

</doc>
<doc id="20524196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524196" title="DrumCore">
DrumCore

DrumCore is software by Sonoma Wire Works that lets songwriters and composers create drum tracks using audio loops and/or MIDI beats, fills and variations by world-class drummers across a multitude of styles. It also includes a virtual drum instrument loaded with the drummer's drumkit sounds. It has won Best Drum Software awards from the magazines "Electronic Musician" and "Remix". DrumCore has been used by TV composers for creating music for the "Survivor" series as well as the drums for a recent Debbie Harry album.
Features.
DrumCore can serve as a librarian for audio files (in WAV, AIFF, SDII, REX2 and ACID format) and MIDI data. It supports metadata, allowing one to search for beats by drummer, musical style, feel (like 1/8 notes, triplets, shuffles, etc.), tempo and time signature (4/4/, 3/4, 7/8, etc.). Users can also type in their own comments and search in that information.
DrumCore includes content by well-known drummers, including:
Jeff Anthony (Sheryl Crow), John Bishop (Ernie Watts), Terry Bozzio (Missing Persons), Tony Braunagel (Bonnie Raitt), Luis Conte (Sergio Mendes), Ned Douglas (Dave Stewart), Sly Dunbar (Bob Marley), Michael Shrieve (Santana), Ben Smith (Heart), Matt Sorum (Velvet Revolver), DJ Syze-up (UltraNaté), Alan White (Yes, John Lennon), Lonnie Wilson (Brooks & Dunn), Zoro (Lenny Kravitz) and John Tempesta (Helmet, Testament, Rob Zombie).
A drummer plays the equivalent of a song with a basic groove, variations and fills. Then they often (but not always) play the song at multiple tempos that they feel that groove works at. In this way you get the same basic groove at multiple tempos and the performance sounds more realistic than simply using one performance and time stretching it to speed it up or slow it down. The content is offered as MIDI as well as stereo audio loops and the drummer's drumkit is sampled/recorded for use in DrumCore's virtual MIDI instrument. Songwriters can use these GrooveSets for writing, as they offer enough content to work on a song, which usually requires related beats and transitions to support a verse/chorus type of structure.
The DrumCore MIDI drum instrument contains the drum and percussion sounds used by the drummer. This is for primarily for playing the drummers' MIDI grooves but can also be used for creating new beats using the drummers' sounds and a MIDI program that works with VST, RTAS and AU plug-ins.
This feature will edit the selected audio or MIDI file to create a new beat. The editing is based on certain rules derived from the way drummers change beats around.
DrumCore easily integrates with popular plug-in hosts on Mac and Windows computers. Audio can be exported as WAV, AIFF or REX2, and MIDI grooves can be exported as standard MIDI files, simply by dragging and dropping them to a track.
Numerous expansion packs, known as DrummerPacks, are available on DrumCore.com. Third-party expansion packs are also available from companies like pureMix, Drums-On-Demand, and Sonic Reality.

</doc>
<doc id="20524206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524206" title="Mohammad Ashraf Siddiqui">
Mohammad Ashraf Siddiqui

Born in 1969, Mohammad Ashraf Siddiqui (محمد أشرف صديقي) is a former member of Pakistan's Mohajir Quomi Movement. He was subsequently denied refugee status in Canada on the basis of his membership in the group which immigration officials classified as "terrorist", prompting cries of disparity since other members of the group had been allowed in with findings that the group had no association to terrorism.
Life.
Following the 1990 split of the political group into separate MQM-A and MQM-H factions, Siddiqui sided with the MQM-A subgroup. Three years later, during the Pakistan general election, he was kidnapped by the rival faction and held for five days as a prisoner.
When the MQM-H faction began extorting 3000R monthly from Siddiqui, and later sought to increase the amount, he fled to Canada in 1994. Five years later, after marrying a Canadian woman, he was initially granted refugee status. However, when he applied for an exemption to immigrant visas, the Immigration and Refugee Board took note of his past membership in MQM and suggested it had terrorist connections.
Legal battle.
In January 2007, Federal Court judge Michael L. Phelan ruled that it was patently unreasonable for the IRB to have suggested that the MQM was a terrorist organisation in Siddiqui's case, when they had offered the opposite opinion in the earlier case.

</doc>
<doc id="20524208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524208" title="John P. Torres">
John P. Torres

John P. Torres was acting assistant secretary of homeland security for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). He was appointed on November 17, 2008.
Early career.
Torres began his law enforcement career with the former Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) in 1986. During his time in the former INS, Torres played several key roles. Early in his career, Torres was a decorated member of a highly successful undercover investigative unit in Los Angeles. In 1992 during the Los Angeles riots, he was assigned to duty at the Newton and Rampart Divisions of the Los Angeles Police Department. 
In 1999, Torres was designated the INS investigative lead for the railway serial killer investigation of Rafael Resendez-Ramirez in Texas. In 1997, Torres was assigned to the FBI Headquarters International Terrorism Operations Section, and later designated as the first INS Special Agent in the Osama Bin Laden Unit. In that capacity, he managed investigations of the East Africa embassy bombings, the millennium attack plot to bomb the Los Angeles International Airport and other international sites, the Khobar Towers attack, and the plot to bomb American airliners over the Pacific Ocean. Following the 9/11 attacks, Torres returned to Washington and was assigned to the subsequent investigation at FBI headquarters.
In addition to being a key member of several investigations, Torres also developed the Law Enforcement Support Center in Burlington, Vermont, which has become an integral piece to coordination between ICE and other law enforcement agencies.
Career at ICE.
From March to November 2008, John Torres was the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations for U.S. ICE. In this capacity, Torres was responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Office of Federal Protective Service (FPS), the National Firearms and Tactical Training Unit, the National Incident Response Unit, the Office of Detention and Removal Operations (DRO), the Office of Intelligence, the Office of International Affairs, the Office of Investigations (OI), and the Office of State and Local Coordination. Torres worked to ensure the most effective collaboration between each of these operational components of ICE in an effort to achieve the stated goals of the agency, and to realize the most efficient use of the agency’s resources toward that end.
From June 2005 to March 2008, John Torres was the Director of the Office of Detention and Removal Operations for ICE within the Department of Homeland Security. In his capacity as Director, Torres oversaw an authorized workforce of more than 6,700 employees, including nearly 6,000 sworn law enforcement officers assigned to 24 field offices nationwide, managed an operating budget of over $2 billion, ended the practice of “catch and release” and transitioned the Criminal Alien Program from the Office of Investigations to DRO. In Fiscal Year 2007, DRO removed over 282,000 foreign nationals; eliminated more than 140,000 fugitive cases from the fugitive backlog; issued 164,296 charging documents through the Criminal Alien Program; and expanded detention capacity to 27,500 from 18,500 in Fiscal Year 2005.
Torres previously served as Deputy Assistant Director for Smuggling and Public Safety in ICE Office of Investigations, where he oversaw the implementation of ICE's anti-gang initiative Operation Community Shield, the ICE Mutual Agreement between Government and Employers (IMAGE) program, and the establishment of ICE’s Document and Benefit Fraud task forces. He previously served as the Special Agent-in-Charge of the Newark ICE office, where he oversaw ICE’s participation in several major multi-agency investigations, including an international child pornography investigation resulting in the arrests of over 2,000 people internationally; and an undercover investigation involving the purchase of surface-to-air missiles from international arms brokers for the purpose of downing American airliners. 

</doc>
<doc id="20524220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524220" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1943">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1943

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1943 Australian federal election. The election was held on 21 August 1943. 
In 1941, the Lang Labor supporters had rejoined the Australian Labor Party. Their seats are still designated as Lang Labor seats.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators James Arnold, Bill Ashley and William Large were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. United Australia Party Senators Thomas Crawford and Harry Foll and Country Party Senator Walter Cooper were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party was defending three seats. United Australia Party Senators James McLachlan, George McLeay and Oliver Uppill were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. United Australia Party Senators John Hayes, Herbert Hays and Burford Sampson were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The United Australia Party was defending one seat. United Australia Party Senators Charles Brand and John Leckie and Country Party Senator William Gibson were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Four seats were up for election. One of these was a short-term vacancy caused by Country Party Senator Bertie Johnston's death; this was filled in the interim by the Country Party's Charles Latham. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Country Party was defending one seat. United Australia Party Senators Herbert Collett and Allan MacDonald were not up for re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="20524224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524224" title="Back Hand">
Back Hand

Back Hand is the fourth album on the Impulse label by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett. Originally released in 1974 it features performances by Jarrett's 'American Quartet' which included Dewey Redman, Charlie Haden and Paul Motian with Guilherme Franco added on percussion.
Aside from its appearance in the "" boxset, "Back Hand" has only ever been reissued on compact disc in Japan, packaged in a miniature replica of the original vinyl LP sleeve. It also appeared in Italy, in 2001, as a supplement to "La Repubblica" national newspaper, copyrighted as "Musicom S.R.L."
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "The group (with Jarrett occasionally switching to flute and Redman to the bizarre-sounding musette) is in typically exploratory, yet often melodic form on lengthy renditions of four of Jarrett's inside/outside originals.".
Track listing.
the Italian edition also features a fifth track: Victoria - 5:04 (composed by Jarrett and Motian)

</doc>
<doc id="20524236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524236" title="V-Varen Nagasaki">
V-Varen Nagasaki

V-Varen Nagasaki is an Japanese J. League Division 2 football club based in Nagasaki. The club was established in 1985 as Ariake Football Club till they merged with Kunimi Football Club in 2005 and adopted the name they still hold today. 
The club gained promotion into the J. League Division 2 in 2012 for the first time in their history after finishing as the champions in the 2012 Japan Football League and hired Nagasaki native Takuya Takagi to coach the club for the 2013 season.
History.
V-Varen Nagasaki, since 2006, had been contending for the Kyūshū Soccer League championship and thus a place in the Japan Football League, but they only won it in November 2008, as second place in the All Japan Regional Football Promotion League Series. 
In January 2009, they applied for J. League Associate Membership and their application was accepted at the J. League board meeting in February. In 2012, they won the Japan Football League title and thus promotion to the J. League Division 2.
J. League: 2013–.
In preparation for the clubs first season in the J. League Division 2 the club hired local-born Takuya Takagi as their coach for the season. On 3 March 2013 V-Varen Nagasaki played in their first ever J. League Division 2 match against Fagiano Okayama at the Kanko Stadium in Okayama in which the club drew the match 1–1 with Koichi Sato scoring the first J. League Division 2 goal for V-Varen Nagasaki in the 25th minute. The club then played their first home match in the J. League Division 2 on 10 March 2013 at the Nagasaki Athletic Stadium against former J. League champions Gamba Osaka in which V-Varen Nagasaki lost 3–1 in front of a huge crowd of 18,153.
Club Name.
V-Varen Nagasaki's name can be separated into three parts with their own meanings. The "V" meaning Victory while Varen is Dutch for 'to sail', owing to Nagasaki's heritage as port of call of Dutch traders during the sakoku period in the Tokugawa shogunate (see Dejima). The clubs hometown is Nagasaki and through that comes Nagasaki in the name.
Players.
First-team squad.
As of February 14, 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20524250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524250" title="Edwin Donayre">
Edwin Donayre

General Edwin Donayre (born January 8, 1952) is a retired Peruvian military officer and former Commanding General of the Peruvian Army (2006–2008). General Donayre previously served as commander of the Center Military Region, the Southern Military Region and the 2nd Infantry Brigade. He assumed the role of commanding general on December 5, 2006, replacing General César Reinoso, who resigned amid accusations of corruption. During his tenure, Donayre was accused of corruption and obstructing inquiries into human rights violations. He was also at the center of an international controversy when a video surfaced in the media showing him making anti-Chilean remarks at a private party. He retired on December 5, 2008 and was replaced by General Otto Guibovich.
Military career.
Edwin Donayre was born on January 8, 1952 in the city of Ayacucho in the highlands of Peru. He attended San Juan Bosco school, a Salesian institution in his hometown, and studied at a seminary for two years before studying two years of Chemical Engineering at the San Cristóbal of Huamanga University. Donayre's military career started at the Chorrillos Military School, where his first year grades earned him a scholarship to continue his formation in Argentina. At the National Military College in Buenos Aires he graduated with honors as a military engineer. In active duty Donayre has served four times in regions under state of emergency due to Shining Path guerrilla activity and five times in frontier regions. He has held several command posts, among them commander of the 20th Combat Engineer Battalion, director of the Army Engineer School, commander of the 2nd Infantry Brigade, commander of the Southern Military Region, and commander of the Central Military Region.
Commanding General.
Donayre's tenure as Commanding General of the army was controversial from the start due to corruption allegations and an international incident with Chile. Opposition leader Ollanta Humala criticized Donayre's designation as irregular because at that time he was not serving as general of any of the three major army divisions as stipulated by Peruvian law. As commander of the Army, Donayre was also accused of acquiring 50,000 American-made MREs — military rations — to supply troops deployed against Shining Path guerrillas in the Apurímac and Ene river valleys, instead of acquiring cheaper, locally-made alternatives. An attempt to buy 50,000 more rations led to an inquiry by the Ministry of Defense.
According to a report by the army inspector general, Francisco Vargas, Donayre requested 80,000 gallons of fuel without clear justification when he was commander of the Southern Military Region, between January and September 2006, and diverted part of it to army headquarters in Lima. This led to an investigation by the anti-corruption prosecutor, Marlene Berrú, but, despite being summoned six times, Donayre did not show up at her office. He finally attended her request on November 25, 2008; in his testimony he denied any wrongdoing and claimed that the Southern Military Region actually received less fuel under his command than in the previous year.
The general's stance on human rights issues has also been quite controversial. It has been reported that he was behind the Army's refusal to provide any information on the 1984 massacre at the village of Putis. Requests issued on June 2008 by prosecutor Rubén López for a detailed report on the military personnel deployed there at that time were answered the following month by the Defense Ministry stating that the Army did not have any information on the subject in its archives. Donayre also joined a campaign to raise funds to defend armed forces personnel accused of committing human rights abuses during the internal conflict in Peru.
International controversy.
Donayre became the center of an international controversy on November 24, 2008, when Peruvian media showed a YouTube video in which the general said "We are not going to let Chileans pass by (...) Chilean who enters will not leave. Or will leave in a coffin. And if there aren't sufficient coffins, there will be plastic bags". The video, dated to 2006 or 2007, was recorded during a party at a friend's house attended by army officials and civilians. These comments caused widespread indignation in Chile, making headlines in the "El Mercurio" newspaper. The Peruvian president, Alan García, called his Chilean counterpart, Michelle Bachelet, to explain that these remarks did not reflect official Peruvian policy. Bachelet declared herself satisfied with the explanations.
On November 28, in response to this incident, a Chilean government spokesman stated that a scheduled visit to Chile by the Peruvian defense minister, Antero Flores Aráoz, might be inopportune given the circumstances. The following day, Flores Aráoz announced his decision to postpone his trip after conferring with the Foreign Affairs Minister, José García Belaúnde. Several members of the Peruvian government commented on the spokesman's remarks including president García who said the country "did not accept pressure or orders from anybody outside of Peru". Donayre defended the video, declaring that Peruvian citizens have a right to say whatever they want at private gatherings and that even though he is scheduled to retire on December 5 he will not be forced to resign early under external pressure. As a consequence of these exchanges, tensions between Peru and Chile rose again; president Bachelet met with top aides on December 1 to discuss the matter and possible courses of action. Meanwhile, in Lima, Congressman Gustavo Espinoza became the center of attention as the main suspect of leaking the video to Chilean press and politicians. Donayre ended his tenure as Commanding General of the Army on December 5, 2008, as expected; president Alan García appointed General Otto Guibovich as his replacement.

</doc>
<doc id="20524259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524259" title="Tyros, Greece">
Tyros, Greece

Tyros () is a tourist town and municipality in Arcadia, Peloponnese, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality South Kynouria, of which it is a municipal unit. At the 2001 census, the population of the municipal unit was 2116. The municipal unit Tyros consists of the communities Tyros, Pera Melana. It lies in the heart of Kynouria, between the Parnon mountains and the Myrtoan Sea. In the region of Tyros the Tsakonian language, that originates from the ancient Doric dialect, is spoken.
In Tyros will see every Easter one of the most famous Greek Easter traditions, on Good Friday procession of the Epitaph on the coastal road of the town with the ships came from watercraft.
On Saturday evening the burning of Judas in the sea on a specific project and Tyros bay filled with thousands of candles that symbolize the souls of lost sailors and fishermen of Tyros.
It is 19 km north of Leonidio, 26 km southeast of Astros and 71 km southeast of Tripoli.

</doc>
<doc id="20524263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524263" title="Project Runway Korea">
Project Runway Korea

Project Runway Korea (Korean: 프로젝트 런웨이 코리아) is the Korean version of the American reality show "Project Runway". It is Korean television's first localized franchise from a foreign-language reality competition, and the third "Project Runway" version in Asia after Malaysia and the Philippines.
The winner of "Project Runway Korea"'s first season received ₩50 million in prize money, along with a car and a fashion spread in "Elle Korea"; the second season increased the prize money to ₩70 million.
Production.
The show is hosted by Lee So-ra, supermodel, together with Editor-in-Chief of "ELLE Korea" Shin Yoo-jin and ANDY & DEBB designer Kim Seok-won completing the judging panel. Meanwhile, fashion design professor Kan Ho-sup serves as mentor to the designers. Lee replaced Kang Ho-dong (comedian and variety show host), who was the choice to host "Project Runway Korea", as FremantleMedia (international distributor of the "Project Runway" franchise) found it inappropriate to have a comedian in a fashion-related program. Over 500 designers auditioned, and 14 of them were chosen as finalists. The final three designers will get the chance to show their collection in the 2009 Fall/ Winter Seoul Collection, with the winner receiving 50 million won (roughly US$34,200), a 2009 GM Daewoo Lacetti and a fashion spread in ELLE Korea. The show premiered on cable network OnStyle on February 7, 2009.
News reports stated that the production company of "Project Runway Korea" paid 100 million won (roughly US$71,900) to purchase the franchise, which included a 700-page "bible" that details the program's format, production notes, and casting procedures. The whole season is said to have been produced at a budget of 700 million won (roughly US$506,100) for all of its 10 episodes, compared to "Project Runway" that has a production budget of 500 million won (roughly US$361,500) for every episode.
During the promotion of the program, the staff of "Project Runway Korea" stated that "everything about ("Project Runway" and its Korean version) is the same except for the color of the contestants' skin."
The first season will feature appearances from celebrity Uhm Jung-hwa, fashion photographer Gilles Bensimon, and designer from "Project Runway"'s fourth season Victorya Hong, who incidentally has Korean lineage.
As of Season 4, the show has begun filming in a HDTV format.
Season 1.
Names of the designers are arranged in "Romanized" order, while the ages listed are the designers' ages at the time the show was taped in late 2008.
Reference in popular culture.
Aired on March 28, 2009, "Muhan Dojeon", the top-rating comic-variety programme in Korea, had taken this show as a one-episode of "Project RunAway"(프로젝트 런어웨이) to test each of the member's commercial design ability, with the host of PRK Lee So-ra. The main challenge given to each member was made by comedian Kim Gyeong-min's request, to design his comic dress to wear at the MBC's variety programme "Happy-Time". At last, surprisingly, the winner of this neck-and-neck competition is Park Myeong-su by the judges' Rock-paper-scissors decision. This free-to-air edition was also marked the highest ratings.

</doc>
<doc id="20524266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524266" title="Sastreria Cornejo">
Sastreria Cornejo

Sastreria Cornejo S.A. is a company that specialises in costumes for film, television and theater. It is a Spanish company headquartered in Madrid. It was founded in 1920 by Humberto Cornejo.
References.
Ver todas las producciones en http://www.sastreriacornejo.com/?a=5

</doc>
<doc id="20524283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524283" title="The Devil's Advocate (Morris West novel)">
The Devil's Advocate (Morris West novel)

"The Devil's Advocate" is a 1959 novel by Australian author Morris West. It forms part of West's "Vatican" sequence of novels, along with "The Shoes of the Fisherman" (1963), "The Clowns of God" (1981), and "Lazarus" (1990).
Film adaptation.
A film adaptation of this novel was produced as a West German release in 1977, and originally titled "Des Teufels Advokat". The film was directed by Guy Green, from a screenplay written by Morris West. The film features John Mills, Leigh Lawson, Jason Miller, Daniel Massey, Paola Pitagora and Stéphane Audran.

</doc>
<doc id="20524295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524295" title="Mount Natib">
Mount Natib

Mount Natib is a dormant volcano and caldera complex located in the province of Bataan on western Luzon Island of the Philippines. The volcano complex occupies the northern portion of the Bataan Peninsula. The mountain and adjacent surrounding is a protected area first declared as the Bataan National Park in 1945.
Physical features.
Mount Natib is a stratovolcano type of volcano located east of the acorn-shaped Natib Caldera, which is open to the northwest. Located east of Mount Natib is the smaller wide Pasukulan Caldera. Mount Natib is the highest peak of the caldera with an elevation of asl, and the caldera complex has an overall base diameter of .
Volcanic activity.
There are no historical eruptions within the Natib caldera complex. Studies in 1991 (Panum and Rayem) indicate that the last eruptive activity was probably Holocene to upper Pleistocene. An earlier study in 1971 (Ebasco Services) dated the eruptive products between 69,000 +/- 27,000 years old. A recent study by Dr. Kevin Rodolfo of the Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences at the University of Illinois at Chicago, had Mount Natib's latest eruption between 11,000 and 18,000 years ago after studying a prehistoric pyroclastic flow from the volcano that entered Subic Bay in Zambales province.
Current activity on Natib is through five thermal areas. The hot springs in the Natib caldera are Asin, Mamot, Tigulangin, Uyong and Paipit springs. The hot springs have temperatures ranging from 30-56°C, with low flows, and a neutral to slightly alkaline water discharge.
The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) lists Mount Natib as a potentially active volcano.
Geology.
The rocks found on Natib are predominantly biotite, hornblende, andesite, trending to dacite flows and dacitic tuffs, which are similar to Mount Mariveles, the southern half of the Bataan Peninsula. 
Natib is part of the Western Bataan Lineament volcanic belt which includes the active Mount Pinatubo.

</doc>
<doc id="20524312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524312" title="Truez Neva Stop">
Truez Neva Stop

Truez Neva Stop is the third and final album released by Havoc & Prodeje. It was released on September 9, 1997 for Quality Records and was produced by the duo and Talk Box.

</doc>
<doc id="20524376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524376" title="Medicamina Faciei Femineae">
Medicamina Faciei Femineae

Medicamina Faciei Femineae ("Cosmetics for the Female Face", also known as "The Art of Beauty") is a didactic poem written in elegiac couplets by the Roman poet Ovid. In the hundred extant verses, Ovid defends the use of cosmetics by Roman women and provides five recipes for facial treatments.
Background.
The title and approximate date of the poem are known from a brief mention in another of Ovid's works, "Ars Amatoria", in the third book of which the poet states that he has already written "a small work, a little book" on "medicamina", or cosmetics. The "Medicamina" must then predate the third book of "Ars Amatoria", a work whose composition has been variously placed between 1 BC and AD 8, the year of Ovid's exile. Only one hundred of an estimated five to eight hundred original lines survive. These fall neatly into sections, each exactly fifty lines long. The first section is an elaborate introduction in which Ovid introduces and defends his subject matter; the second comprises five recipes for cosmetic treatments which include common ingredients and precise measurements.
Form.
The poem is Ovid's first attempt at didactic elegy. This poetic genre, perfected by Ovid in his "Ars Amatoria", was a curious amalgam of the moralizing and pedagogical tone of didactic poetry and the frivolous subject matter common to Latin elegiac. In the earliest known example of didactic poetry, "Works and Days", the Greek poet Hesiod admonishes a dissolute brother to lead a life of honest labor. Centuries later in 29 BC, the Roman poet Vergil, writing in Latin while taking his inspiration in part from Hesiod, published the "Georgics", a work whose ostensible purpose was to provide advice on agriculture. Ovid, writing a generation later for an audience to whom the "Georgics" were well known, used Vergil's sober language to instruct girls on "what care can enhance your looks, and how your beauty may be preserved". Rather than using the dactylic hexameters of Hesiod and Vergil, Ovid casts his advice in elegiac couplets, the traditional meter of love poetry. The contrast of serious tone and light-hearted meter transforms the "Medicamina Faciei Femineae" into a parody of Vergil's "Georgics".
Contents.
In the second half of the "Medicamina Faciei Femineae", Ovid displays his command of the poet's art in taking a practical manual replete with technical details and transforming it into effective verse. Despite the facetious nature of the introduction, the five recipes included in the final 50 lines seem to be genuine, or at least plausible, cosmetic treatments. A representative example is a mixture of barley, vetch, egg, hartshorn, narcissus bulb, gum, Tuscan spelt, and honey. Ovid promises that any woman who uses this concoction on her face "will shine smoother than her own mirror."
The majority of the ingredients Ovid prescribes are in fact effective skin treatments, and several, such as oatmeal, wheat germ and egg white, are still used in the manufacture of cosmetics and pharmaceuticals today. On this point, Ovid contrasts favorably with the Roman natural philosopher Pliny the Elder, whose compendious treatment of facial remedies often includes exotic, poisonous, or disgusting ingredients.

</doc>
<doc id="20524385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524385" title="James Johnston (baseball owner)">
James Johnston (baseball owner)

James Martin Johnston (December 8, 1895 – December 28, 1967) was the co-owner of the Washington Senators of the American League with James Lemon from through . In 1963, Johnston and Lemon purchased the franchise from Elwood Richard Quesada. His estate and James Lemon sold the team to a group of Minnesota buyers in 1967.
Johnston, who attended UNC Chapel Hill from 1913 to 1915, posthumously set up one of the university's largest need-based scholarship funds, now known as the James M. Johnston Trust for Charitable and Educational Purposes.
Johnston died in 1967 in Washington of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20524450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524450" title="Nejc Pečnik">
Nejc Pečnik

Nejc Pečnik (born 3 January 1986 in Dravograd) is a Slovenian professional footballer, who plays for Serbian SuperLiga team Red Star Belgrade as an attacking midfielder.
He represented Slovenia at the 2010 FIFA World Cup. He was directly responsible in Slovenia's successful qualification to the 2010 World Cup, as he was the scorer of a crucial goal against Russia in the 2010 World Cup qualification Playoffs.
Pečnik's older brother, Andrej, is also a professional footballer.
Club career.
Celje.
Born in Dravograd, Slovenia, Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia, Pečnik started his career at hometown club NK Dravograd. After showing promise in its youth teams he was signed by NK Celje, making his first division debut on 24 April 2004 against FC Ljubljana.
The following year Pečnik played in only seven league matches, adding a few Cup appearances including the final against FC Koper. In the 2005–06 season he managed to gain a regular place in the first team, eventually establishing himself as a key offensive player.
In 2007–08, Pečnik was Celje's top scorer with 14 league goals. After five seasons he was loaned out in June 2008 to Sparta Prague, but appeared rarely with the Czech first division outfit during his six-month stay, spending most of his time with the reserve squad.
Nacional.
After a further 15 league games with Celje, Pečnik signed with C.D. Nacional of Portugal. On 16 July 2012, after three seasons of irregular playing time, also being loaned to Russian club FC Krylia Sovetov Samara for five months, he signed a two-year deal with Sheffield Wednesday in the Football League Championship.
Sheffield Wednesday.
In his official debut with the Owls, on 12 August 2012, Pečnik missed a penalty and was booked before half-time, as his team trailed at Oldham Athletic 0–2. He played the full 90 minutes in an eventual 4–2 win for the season's Football League Cup.
Pečnik was released by Wednesday at the end of his only campaign.
Red Star Belgrade.
Pečnik agreed to a two-year contract with Red Star Belgrade from Serbia, on 1 July 2013. He scored his first goal for Red Star against ÍBV in the second qualifying round of the 2013-14 UEFA Europa League.
International career.
Pečnik made his debut for the Slovenian national team on 1 April 2009, in a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Northern Ireland.
He scored his first goal for Slovenia on 10 October 2009, in the same competition, a 2–0 win Slovakia. On 14 November, he scored a decisive goal in the play-offs' first leg, as the national side lost 1–2 with Russia at the Luzhniki Stadium, only to win 1–0 in the second leg, taking the tie on the away goals rule and qualifying for a World Cup for the second time in the nation's history; in the final stages, he appeared twice as a late substitute, having to be however stretchered off in the match against United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20524492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524492" title="No Regret (film)">
No Regret (film)

No Regret () is a 2006 South Korean film and the feature film directorial debut of Leesong Hee-il, based on his earlier short "Good Romance". "No Regret" is the first commercially released South Korean film to feature frontal adult male nudity, and is also regarded as "the first 'real' Korean gay feature", (although earlier South Korean films, such as "Road Movie", released in 2002, have dealt with gay relationships), and is also the first South Korean feature to be directed by an openly gay Korean filmmaker.
Plot.
Su-min is an orphan who, having turned 18, is required to leave his orphanage. Unable to pay for university, he heads for Seoul where he works various jobs to pay for computer classes. One of those jobs is driving drunks home from bars. After losing his factory job, Su-min ends up taking a job at a host bar. Initially the boss of this host bar is reluctant to take him on, as he knows from experience that openly gay hosts will often leave when they become romantically involved with one of their clients. Having given up on love, Su-min believes that this won't happen to him, until one day a man from his past enters the host bar. That man, Jae-min, is a former driving client, who has fallen in love with Su-min. Su-min refuses his advances, and accepts him as a client only once, and threatens to kill him if he hires him again. Jae-min is undeterred, and after several weeks go by, Su-min gives in. They are very happy in their relationship until Jae-min's mother discovers them together. She orders Jae-min to marry the woman he's been dating halfheartedly. Su-min is angry. With another man from the host bar, they kidnap Jae-min one night and take him to a shallow grave in the forest. Su-min watches passively as his colleague throws dirt on Jae-min, but eventually moves to stop the plan. His colleague already depressed over a two-timing girlfriend, whacks Su-min with the shovel and leaves the two there in the grave. Jae-min later awakens and takes Su-min to the car and they crash a tree while going back. As dawn breaks in, the two of them start to awake at the same time cops show up at the scene but inside, without paying attention to the cops, Su-min and Jae-min silently reconcile.
Release.
"No Regret" was released in South Korea on 16 November 2006, and over the course of its theatrical run received a total of 43,265 admissions, becoming the top grossing independent film at the Korean box office. The film was later screened in the Panorama section of the 57th Berlin Film Festival (8–18 February 2007), and also competed at the 9th Barcelona Asian Film Festival (27 April–6 May 2007).
Critical response.
Adam Hartzell of "Koreanfilm.org" found "No Regret" to have an "engaging story" and praised the depth given to the characters, saying, "One of the best aspects of this film is how we aren't provided the obligatory caricatures of gay 'types' on prime-time sitcoms in the United States... Refusing to follow the path towards Queer liberation espoused by sitcoms, ["No Regret"] is freed to provide some refreshingly, rip-roaring hilarious moments." 

</doc>
<doc id="20524497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524497" title="Gary W. Schenkel">
Gary W. Schenkel

Gary W. Schenkel is, , the Executive Director of the city Office of Emergency Management and Communications (OEMC) in Chicago, Illinois. Prior to this position Schenkel was the director of the Federal Protective Service(FPS), one of the six divisions of the National Protection and Programs Directorate of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security from March 2007 until July 2010. FPS is the national law enforcement agency responsible for the General Service Agency's (GSA) inventory of over 9,000 buildings located in all 56 states, US territories and protectorates.
A retired United States Marine Corps Lieutenant Colonel, Schenkel served in the enlisted ranks for 8 of his nearly 30years of service. As an infantryman and infantry officer, he gained experience in a wide range of arenas, including organizational transformation efforts, security planning for public facilities, logistical planning and execution and business administration.
Schenkel took the helm at FPS, following the February 2007 announcement of a new effort to adjust the execution of the FPS mission and to improve FPS's administration and financial management. In his first year he developed a sequential financial system and paid more than 22,000 past due invoices dating back to 1999. He restructured the law enforcement agency and trained over 90% of his uniformed division in facility security assessments as well as law enforcement roles providing a more versatile officer capable of handling the wide range of responsibilities necessary to the protection of GSA facilities and support of Federal law enforcement functions.
Prior to joining the Federal Protective Service, Schenkel served as Assistant Federal Security Director for the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) at Chicago Midway Airport, a position he held from February 2004 until his selection as Director for FPS in April 2007. At Midway he was responsible for security operations and planning, and worked to respond to the new challenges of securing the homeland. In this position, Schenkel oversaw the strategic planning and business management of TSA operations at the airport and worked with government partners and private sector service providers to ensure the highest levels of security at the airport without sacrificing efficiency and service. His portfolio included the departments of Human Resources, Finance, Customer Service and Stakeholder. Schenkel was responsible for operational planning for specific security events such as periods of high travel and elevated threat levels.
Before joining TSA, Schenkel served from 2000-2004 as the Assistant Deputy Superintendent of the Chicago Police Department(CPD), where he was one of only two civilians in the department's history to be given operational command over uniformed officers in the department. Schenkel joined the CPD specifically to help guide the department's efforts in recruiting and training officers, deploying new technology and operational concepts to meet new challenges in fighting and reducing crime. In addition, he headed the department's anti-terrorism efforts following the attacks of September 11, 2001.
Schenkel is a 29-year veteran of the United States Marine Corps, having retired as a Lieutenant Colonel in 2000. In his three decades of service, he served primarily in infantry units and garnered significant leadership experience, including command of 1,200 Marines during combat operations in Operation Desert Storm(1991). In addition, he developed nuclear response plans and executed various logistical projects, including what was then the largest single movement of nuclear weapons in U.S. history. Prior to retiring from the Marine Corps, Schenkel served as Operations Officer at the Marine Corps Warfighting Laboratory in Quantico, Virginia, where he focused on transformational and cultural change, urban combat and long-range planning related to the Marine mission in the 21st century.
In June 2010, Schenkel was transferred to DHS Headquarters where he served as the Acting Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement. In March of 2011 he met Mayor (elect) Rahm Emanuel and was asked to serve as the City's Executive Director for Emergency Management and Communication. He moved back to the City of Chicago and took over that post in June 2011 where he serves to this date. 
Schenkel is a graduate of Lindenwood University in St. Charles, Missouri., and California State University in Hayward, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20524515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524515" title="Raghunatha Kilavan">
Raghunatha Kilavan

Srimant Hiranyagarbhaji Ravikula Raja Muthu Vijaya Raghunatha Raja Raghunatha Deva Kilavan Setupati (1671 AD to 1710 AD) was the first Raja of Ramnad. He ruled from 1673 to 1708 and oversaw the growth of the feudal chieftainship of Ramnad into a powerful kingdom. He rescued the Nayak of Madurai from the tyranny of Rustam Khan and also successfully campaigned against the King of Thanjavur who later ceded all his territories.
He was helpful to Chokkanatha Nayak, a Nayak king who conferred him the title of Para Rajakesari (Lion to alien kings). He annexed some territories of Madurai Kingdom. Aranthangi, Thirumayam, Piranmalai. He opposed the spread of Christian missionary activities. Kilavan Sethupathi liberated the Marava country from the control of Madurai Nayak. After defeating Rani Mangammal’s army, he declared independent Marava country in 1707. He shifted his headquarters from Pughalur to Ramnad.Kilavan Sethupathi established the Nalcottal palayam (later Sivaganga) and appointed Udaya Thevar as Governor. He endowed villages to a temple at Thiruvadanai and Kalaiyar Koil. He constructed a fort around the Ramanathapuram, the capital city. He constructed a dam across the Vaigai.
It was during his reign, that the capital was moved from Pogalur to Ramnad. He was succeeded by his adopted son Vijaya Raghunatha.
Personal life.
He fell in love with Kathali, a girl from the Kallar caste, later married her and then appointed his brother-in-law as the chief of Pudukottai and neighboring districts. He christened him "Ragunatha Tondaman" in lieu of his former chief "Pallavaraya Tondaman" whom he had replaced. Ragunatha Tondaman would later go on to spawn the Thondaman Dynasty of Pudukottai. Also, history states that he has many wives(more than 45), and given equal love to all of them. It is one of a rare instance in history that when Kilavan Sethupathi expired, all of them committed sathi "Udankattai."

</doc>
<doc id="20524537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524537" title="(49999) 2000 AW14">
(49999) 2000 AW14

(49999) 2000 AW14 is a small asteroid in the asteroid belt.

</doc>
<doc id="20524590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524590" title="Joe Kiani">
Joe Kiani

Massi Joe E. Kiani (born February 22, 1965) is an Iranian-born American entrepreneur who founded medical technology company Masimo in 1989.
Early life.
Joe Kiani was born in Shiraz, Iran and emigrated to the United States at the age of nine. Kiani's father was an engineer and his mother was a nurse. Despite not being fluent in English when he arrived in the United States, he graduated from high school at the age of 15 and, by the time he was 22, had earned both his bachelor's (B.S.E.E) and master's (M.S.E.E) degrees in electrical engineering from San Diego State University. In 2005, Kiani was awarded the Monty Distinguished Alumni Award by San Diego State University.
Career at Masimo.
Kiani founded the medical technology company Masimo in 1989 and was later joined by partner Mohammed Diab. The company is now publicly traded and employs more than 3,000 people worldwide. According to industry watchers, "...while that accomplishment alone puts him in the same breath as business legends like Apple's Steve Jobs or Microsoft's Bill Gates, Kiani's contribution to the world of medicine may be even more profound." In 2011, Forbes named Masimo to its list of top 20 public companies under a billion dollars in revenue, based on earnings growth, sales growth, and return on equity.
Pulse oximetry is one of the most common monitoring technologies used in healthcare. Masimo makes a pulse oximetry technology known as Signal Extraction Technology (SET), which is known as being the first pulse oximemtry technology to reliably measure-through motion and low perfusion conditions. Masimo's additional industry-first technologies include rainbow Pulse CO-Oximetry, which noninvasively and continuously measures blood constituents and physiological parameters that previously required invasive procedures, such as total hemoglobin (SpHb), carboxyhemoglobin (SpCO), methemoglobin (SpMet), and pleth variability index (PVI). Masimo also makes rainbow Acoustic Monitoring, which measures respiration rate (RRa), and recently debuted Halo Index in their SafetyNet system, combining multiple physiologic parameters into one number to help clinicians assess overall patient status.
Kiani and Masimo have over 575 issued and pending patents worldwide. Under Kiani's leadership, Masimo won a patent infringement award of more than $300 million in damages when it settled a lawsuit against the Nellcor division of Tyco Healthcare (now known as Covidien) for infringing on its patents for measure-through motion and low perfusion pulse oximetry in 2006. Kiani and Masimo also won a 2004 lawsuit against Tyco for violating antitrust laws specifically related to the sale of its Nellcor pulse oximetry products and was ultimately awarded $43.5 million. The Medical Device Manufacturing Association called the victory "a critical step in addressing the anticompetitive and other questionable practices by certain dominant manufacturers".
Industry reform.
In 2002, Kiani was interviewed for a "New York Times" article titled "Medicine's Middleman" that focused on the practices of Group Purchasing Organizations (GPOs) and dominant medical suppliers. The article was followed by a series of 18 additional New York Times stories on GPOs over the next two years. After the "Times" article appeared, The United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy, and Consumer Rights held four hearings regarding these practices, at which Kiani testified twice. Kiani's efforts led media to call Masimo "the poster child for small medical device manufacturers" and observe that Kiani "almost single-handedly galvanized the rancorous debate over the GPO industry's purported role in locking out innovative technologies from the marketplace."
Kiani is active in efforts to reform U.S. health care and encourage medical innovation. In 2010, Kiani and Masimo provided $10 million in funding to create the Masimo Foundation for Ethics, Innovation, and Competition in Healthcare, which is dedicated to encouraging and promoting activities that improve patient safety and deliver advanced healthcare worldwide.
Masimo Foundation supports third-party research, development initiatives, and clinical studies with an emphasis on transformative projects that seek to truly enhance patient safety and outcomes; helping to forge a world free of sickness, disease and inhumanity.
In 2013 Kiani founded the Patient Safety Movement Foundationthrough the support of the Masimo Foundation for Ethics, Innovation, and Competition in Healthcare. More than 200,000 preventable patient deaths occur each year in U.S. hospitals. The Patient Safety Movement is committed to reducing these deaths to zero by 2020. The Foundation also convenes the action-oriented annual Patient Safety, Science & Technology summit.
On Sept. 24, 2013, Kiani appeared before the Senate Health, Education, Labor & Pensions Committee and laid out five steps to help eradicate preventable patient deaths. Senator Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, said the hearing was "The most important hearing this committee would hold all year." Kiani’s full written testimony can be read here; the hearing can be viewed here.
Also on Sept. 24, 2013, the Patient Safety Movement announced its Commitment to Action to reduce preventable patient deaths in U.S. hospitals to zero by 2020 at the 2013 Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) Annual Meeting in New York. The CGI announcement and session can be viewed here.
Awards.
Kiani and Masimo have garnered more than 50 awards and honors, including:
•Frost and Sullivan CEO of the Year Award 
•Society for Critical Care Medicine Technology Excellence Award (the only recipient of this award to come from industry)
•Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year 
•Ernst & Young National Entrepreneur of the Year - 2012 Life Sciences
In addition to his role as Chairman and CEO at Masimo, Kiani serves as Chairman and CEO of Cercacor, was on the board of SABA (a publicly traded software company), until March 2013, and also previously served as Chairman of the Medical Device Manufacturers Association (MDMA). In July 2012, Kiani gave a TEDxChapmanU talk about his belief that microscopic changes can bring forth revolutions, an idea he calls "micro-fixing."

</doc>
<doc id="20524600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524600" title="Fairfield/Vacaville (Amtrak station)">
Fairfield/Vacaville (Amtrak station)

Fairfield/Vacaville is a proposed railroad station in Fairfield, California, USA which would serve the communities of Fairfield and Vacaville. Construction is expected to begin in 2011, following an environmental impact study, with completion slated for 2013. The entire projected is budgeted at $40 million, including parking, bus facilities, and the construction of an overpass to carry Peabody Road over the railroad tracks. When completed, the station will see several dozen "Capitol Corridor" trains operated by Amtrak California. The proposed site is adjacent to Travis Air Force Base.

</doc>
<doc id="20524700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524700" title="Glacier Point Trailside Museum">
Glacier Point Trailside Museum

The Glacier Point Trailside Museum was one of the first projects in Yosemite National Park by Herbert Maier in what would become the National Park Service Rustic style. Located at Glacier Point, it was funded by Laura Spelman Rockefeller's estate as a project for the Yosemite Museum. It was the first "trailside museum" in the National Park system, and was a prototype for enhanced visitor interpretation services in the parks. 
The museum is in reality a small stone shelter with arched openings on the north, east and west sides. The roof is supported by log timbers.

</doc>
<doc id="20524710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524710" title="(49998) 2000 AA13">
(49998) 2000 AA13

(49998) 2000 AA13 is a small asteroid in the asteroid belt orbiting the Sun.

</doc>
<doc id="20524716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524716" title="The Deal (BET TV series)">
The Deal (BET TV series)

The Deal was a rap music video show on BET that premiered on November 10, 2008. It was the successor to nineteen-year long "Rap City". The show aired for one hour. Its hosts were Memphitz and DJ Diamond Kuts. "The Deal" began airing each weekday afternoon at 5p.m. On November 24, 2008 it moved to at weekday mornings at 3 a.m. . In November 2009, it moved to Saturdays at 2 a.m. "The Deal" show was cancelled in August 2010, due to low ratings and bad time slots. It was shown on Mondays at 3 p.m. on BET UK.

</doc>
<doc id="20524720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524720" title="Wildlife Management Area">
Wildlife Management Area

Wildlife Management Areas (WMAs) are protected areas set aside for the conservation of wildlife and for recreational activities involving wildlife.
United States.
In the U.S., WMAs exist in the following states:
Papua New Guinea.
In Papua New Guinea a Wildlife Management Area is the simplest form of protected area, that protects an area of land or water while retaining full power to landowners to manage their land. WMAs are managed by an elected committee formed of customary landowners.
List of Wildlife Management Areas in PNG:

</doc>
<doc id="20524721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524721" title="Yvonne Prettner Solon">
Yvonne Prettner Solon

Yvonne Prettner Solon (born February 3, 1946 in Minneapolis) is the 47th and current Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota. She is the sixth consecutive woman to serve in that capacity and is a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party. She is serving with Governor Mark Dayton, who is running for re-election, but she plans to retire at the end of her current term.
Education.
Prettner Solon completed her secondary education at Stanbrook Hall Preparatory School, a Roman Catholic school for girls in Duluth, Minnesota. She received a B.S.D. and a M.A. from the University of Minnesota Duluth.
State Senate.
Prettner Solon was a member of the Minnesota Senate representing District 7, which includes portions of St. Louis County in the northeastern part of the state. She was first elected in a January 2002 special election held after the death of her husband, Senator Sam Solon, on December 28, 2001. She was re-elected in the 2002 and 2006 general elections. Her special legislative concerns included economic development, education, health care, the environment, transportation, and jobs.
Committees.
Solon was a member of the Senate's Capital Investment Committee, the Commerce and Consumer Protection Committee, the Energy, Utilities, Technology and Communications Committee (which she chairs), and the Health, Housing and Family Security Committee. She also served on the Finance Subcommittee for the Health and Human Services Budget Division.
Lieutenant Governor.
On May 24, 2010, gubernatorial candidate and former U.S. Senator Mark Dayton announced that Prettner Solon would be his lieutenant governor running mate in the 2010 election. In choosing her, Dayton said that "her thoughtful, sensitive and visionary leadership and public service are further informed by her life experiences, which have forged a woman I deeply respect and admire." The selection of Prettner Solon was seen as bringing balance to the Dayton Campaign.
On August 10, 2010, the Dayton-Prettner Solon ticket narrowly defeated Margaret Anderson Kelliher to earn the DFL nomination and a spot in the November general election. After a close election that included a recount, Dayton and Prettner Solon defeated the ticket of Tom Emmer and Annette Meeks in the November general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20524731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524731" title="Port Orange Causeway">
Port Orange Causeway

The Port Orange Causeway, commonly called the "Port Orange Bridge" or the "Dunlawton Bridge", spans the Halifax River and Intracoastal Waterway in Port Orange, Volusia County, Florida. The bridge carries approximately 29,000 vehicles per day across four lanes of State Road A1A and Dunlawton Avenue.
History.
First bridge.
The first bridge at this location was built by the "Port Orange Bridge Company" (owned by S. H. Gove) in 1906, made of sable palm pilings and pine bridge timbers. In 1918, Gove offered to sell the bridge to Volusia County. The bridge was severely damage by a hurricane in 1932, and was torn down. Port Orange was without a bridge for many years after the disaster.
Second bridge.
A wooden bascule bridge was finally built here as a replacement in 1951. The two-lane drawbridge was paid for with tolls. The bridge connected the two ends of Dunlawton Avenue, from the mainland to the beach peninsula.
Third bridge.
In May 1987, the U.S. federal government agreed to provide $8.16 million of the estimated $12 million cost of building a Port Orange, Florida bridge planned to be similar to the Granada Bridge. After the drawbridge had aged and was expensive to maintain, it was replaced in 1990 by a new four-lane high bridge, which carries State Road A1A over the river. The Florida State Legislature designated the new bridge as the "Congressman William V. Chappel Jr. Memorial Bridge".
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20524732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524732" title="Ryu Deok-hwan">
Ryu Deok-hwan

Ryu Deok-hwan (; born June 12, 1987) is a South Korean actor.
Career.
Ryu Deok-hwan started his acting career on stage at age 6. Among his TV drama appearances was a role on the popular "Lifetime in the Country" which he played for 8 years. 
While he had played minor roles in several films, it was Ryu's breakout lead performance in "Like a Virgin" that earned him critical praise and industry recognition. He gained 28kg in three months to play the role of a transgendered teenager who joins the ssireum team. 
Other notable roles include a high schooler desperate for a pair of Nikes in "No Comment", a North Korean soldier in "Welcome to Dongmakgol", a boy meeting his estranged father in "My Son", a serial killer in "Our Town", a medical student in "Private Eye", a top forensic examiner in "God's Quiz", and King Gongmin in "Faith". He has also acted in the stage plays "Equus", and Jang Jin's "Clumsy People".
In 2012 he directed the short film "Waiting for Jang Joon-hwan" for the Olleh Smartphone Film Festival. 
Personal life.
Ryu's mother is musical producer Jung Ok-young.

</doc>
<doc id="20524733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524733" title="The Survivors' Suite">
The Survivors' Suite

"The Survivors' Suite" is an album by American pianist Keith Jarrett which was released on the ECM label in 1976. It features performances by Jarrett's 'American Quartet' which included Dewey Redman, Charlie Haden, and Paul Motian. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Stacia Proefrock awarded the album 5 stars stating "Like other albums of its time, this was beginning to show the brightness, lightness, and soft edges of contemporary jazz, but the solidness of Haden's bass helps the music rooted and earthbound.".
The Penguin Guide to Jazz by Richard Cook and Brian Morton regards the album as a "masterpiece, with the quartet pulling together on an ambitiously large-scale piece, each member contributing whole-heartedly and passionately."

</doc>
<doc id="20524794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524794" title="Marianna Mayer">
Marianna Mayer

Marianna Mayer is a well-known children’s book writer and artist from Roxbury, Connecticut. Her early education was in the field of the visual arts. Her first book was published when she was nineteen years old. After graduating from college, she became a student painter at the Art Students League in New York City. She was the author of "Baba Yaga and Vasilisa, the Brave" and her written versions of "Pegasus", and "The Twelve Dancing Princesses". She was the first wife of the famous illustrator, Mercer Mayer.

</doc>
<doc id="20524797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524797" title="Forward shipwreck site">
Forward shipwreck site

The shipwreck site of the motor launch "Forward" is located in Lake George, New York approximately three and one half miles north of the village of Lake George. The motor launch was built in 1906 by Gas Engine & Power Co. and Charles L. Seabury & Co., Consolidated (Morris Heights, New York City, New York). It was one of the first gasoline powered vessels on Lake George. The original owner was William K. Bixby.
It is the 21st property listed as a featured property of the week in a program of the National Park Service that began in July, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20524806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524806" title="Juke Joint (1947 film)">
Juke Joint (1947 film)

Juke Joint is a 1947 race film directed by and starring Spencer Williams and produced and released by Sack Amusement Enterprises.
Plot.
Bad News Johnson, a con artist from Memphis, Tennessee, arrives in Dallas, Texas, accompanied by his dim sidekick July Jones with only twenty-five cents between them. Johnson is constantly exasperated at Jones’ deficient perspicacity, and at one point he comments Jones is so dense that he probably thinks "Veronica Lake is some kind of summer resort." The duo arrange to become boarders at the home of Louella "Mama Lou" Holiday, who is fooled into believing Johnson is an acting teacher named Whitney Vanderbilt; Jones takes the alias of Cornbread Green. Mrs. Holiday agrees to give the men free room and board if they will provide poise lessons to her daughter, an aspiring beauty queen named Honey Dew. The lessons pay off and Honey Dew wins the beauty contest, but problems arise when Mrs. Holiday’s husband, Papa Sam, decides to hold a party for the new beauty queen at a disreputable juke joint.
Production history.
"Juke Joint" was the last in a series of films directed by Spencer Williams, an African American actor and writer, for production by Sack Amusement Enterprises, a white-owned Dallas-based company that distributed all-black race films to segregated theaters across the United States. Williams was among the few African Americans to direct films during the 1940s.
The juke joint scenes were filmed on location at the Rose Room in Dallas and Don’s Keyhole in San Antonio, Texas, and included musical numbers featuring band leader Red Calhoun.
Following the release of "Juke Joint", Williams disappeared from the entertainment industry. He returned to prominence in 1951 when he was cast as Andrew H. “Andy” Brown in the television version of the radio comedy "Amos 'n Andy", which ran on CBS from 1951 to 1953. He made one final film appearance in a small role in the 1962 Italian horror production "L'Orribile Segreto del Dottor Hitchcock".
Juke Joint was considered a lost film for many years, until a print was located in 1983 in a warehouse in Tyler, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20524813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524813" title="James Lemon">
James Lemon

James Hanson Lemon, Sr. (May 14, 1903 – July 20, 1977) was an investment banker from Washington, D.C.. He is best known as the co-owner of the Washington Senators of the American League with James Johnson from through , and the principal owner and chairman of the board in . Lemon was born in Washington, D.C. in 1903.
During the 1930s, Lemon was well known in the world of contract bridge, serving as president of the Washington Bridge League and, in 1939, of the American Contract Bridge League.
In 1963, Johnson and Lemon purchased the Senators franchise from Elwood Richard Quesada. After purchasing Johnson's share of the team in 1967, Lemon sold the franchise to Bob Short in 1968. Lemon remained with the Senators as Chairman of the Board, retaining a minority interest in the team. Short later moved the Senators to Arlington, Texas, where they became the Texas Rangers.
Lemon was not related to Jim Lemon, the field manager on the Senators at the time, circa 1968.
Lemon died in 1977 at Washington D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="20524825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524825" title="Tomáš Belic">
Tomáš Belic

Tomáš Belic (born 2 July 1978 in Trenčín) is a Slovak footballer who plays for FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda in the Corgoň Liga.
Club career.
Belic previously played for Panionios F.C., 1. FC Brno and FK Teplice in the Czech Gambrinus liga. He has also played for FC Spartak Trnava and FK AS Trenčín in the Slovak Superliga.
He signed a two-and-one-half year contract with Panionios on 22 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20524832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524832" title="David M. Jones">
David M. Jones

David M. Jones (December 18, 1913 – November 25, 2008) was a United States Air Force pilot who served with distinction during World War II. He was one of the Doolittle Raiders whose exploits in April 1942 were dramatized in the film "Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo". He then flew combat missions over North Africa, where he was shot down. He was a German prisoner of war for two and a half years — helping with the escape attempt described in the book "Great Escape", which was later the subject of a Hollywood film. The character Virgil Hilts, played by Steve McQueen on the 1963 film was based on Jones.
In his last assignment with the Air Force, Jones was the commander of the Air Force Eastern Test Range in Cape Kennedy, Florida as well as the Department of Defense Manager for Manned Space Flight Support Operations. He retired from the Air Force after 37 years of distinguished service.
Early years; education.
David Mudgett Jones was born on December 18, 1913 in Marshfield, Oregon, the son of David Arthur (Dade) Jones and Grace Mudgett. His father Dade Jones, the son of Welsh immigrants, homesteaded land in Meadow Lake Township, North Dakota in 1896 before marrying Grace and moving to Oregon.
David Jones enlisted in the Arizona National Guard while he was attending the University of Arizona at Tucson, from 1932 to 1936. His later education included three major Armed Forces schools: Command and General Staff School in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, 1946; Armed Forces Staff College in Norfolk, Virginia, 1948; and the National War College in Washington, D.C., 1956.
Jones was commissioned a second lieutenant in the U.S. Cavalry arm of the Arizona Army National Guard, where he served one year of active duty before transferring to the Army Air Corps and entering pilot training in June 1937. After completing his training in June 1938, he served as a pilot with the 17th Attack Group and then with the 95th Bombardment Squadron.
World War II.
Doolittle Raid.
In early 1942, Jones volunteered for the Doolittle Project — a secret bombing raid to be launched on Japan in retaliation for the December 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor. During the training phase of this project, he flew the initial evaluation flights on the specially equipped B-25 aircraft. On April 18, 1942, the Doolittle Raid launched from the United States Navy carrier USS "Hornet", dropping their bombs on Tokyo and four other Japanese cities. This raid was the first good news that the Americans had from the Pacific front.
Lacking the fuel to make a safe landing after the raid, Jones bailed out over China, where he was assisted by the Chinese people in returning to the United States. He received the Distinguished Flying Cross for his participation as a flight commander in the planning, training and completion of the mission.
North Africa, prisoner of war, and "The Great Escape".
In September 1942, Jones was assigned as commander of the 319th Bombardment Group in North Africa. He was assigned to develop low-level bombing tactics and techniques due to his experience with the Doolittle project and his belief in low-level bombing tactics. On December 4, 1942, he was shot down over Bizerte, North Africa, and spent two and a half years as a prisoner of war in Stalag Luft III. As a result of his constant agitation and harassment of the enemy, he was selected for the "escape committee" by fellow prisoners. The committee reviewed escape plans and directed escapes. Jones led the digging team on tunnel "Harry" used in the "Great Escape", chronicled in the Paul Brickhill's autobiographical book, and immortalized in the 1963 film starring Steve McQueen. After his liberation in April 1945, Jones was commended for leadership among his fellow prisoners.
Post-World War II.
In July 1946, Jones was assigned as an air inspector at Headquarters Air Training Command. He followed this with attendance at the Armed Forces Staff College, which he completed in 1948. He then served as Director of War Plans at the Tactical Air Command Headquarters, followed by an assignment as Director of Combat Operations for the Ninth Air Force; then as Commander of the 47th Bombardment Group, until February 1952.
He was then the commander of the 47th Bombardment Wing (a jet-bomber wing) at Langley Air Force Base in Virginia and in Sculthorpe, England until July 1955.
Test pilot.
Jones began working in research and development in 1956 when he was the Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations for the Air Proving Ground Command at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. His experience in bombardment-type aircraft and previous command staff assignments in research and development resulted in his being selected director of the B-58 Test Force, organized in February 1958 at Carswell Air Force Base, Texas. The B-58 Hustler was the first operational jet bomber capable of Mach 2 supersonic flight. During this time, Jones continued to maintain his flight status in the B-58, TF-102, and T-33 aircraft; participating in design speed dashes, low-level penetrations, night, weather, formation and inflight refueling missions. He had more supersonic time testing the B-58 than any senior U.S. Air Force pilot.
In September 1960, he became vice commander of the Wright Air Development Division at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio. In October 1961, he was named program manager of the GAM-87 "Skybolt" at Aeronautical Systems Division. When that project was cancelled, he became ASD deputy for systems management and later vice commander.
In August 1964, he became deputy chief of staff for systems at Headquarters Air Force Systems Command at Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland, which had responsibility for research, development, and weapon system acquisition.
NASA.
In December 1964, Jones became Deputy Assistant Administrator for Manned Space Flight with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). In July 1965, he was given responsibility for development of the S-IVB Orbital Workshop and spent-stage experiment support module (SSESM) — a concept of "in-orbit" conversion of a spent S-IVB stage to a shelter. In August 1965, he took on the additional duties as of the Saturn/Apollo Applications (SAA) Acting Director.
Then, in May 1967, he assumed duties as commander of the Air Force Eastern Test Range, Cape Kennedy, Florida.
Retirement; death.
Jones retired at the rank of major general on May 31, 1973. He was one of five Doolittle raiders who later became generals; the others are James H. Doolittle, John A. Hilger, Everett W. Holstrom, and Richard A. Knobloch.
Jones died on November 25, 2008, at age 94, at his home in Tucson, Arizona. He was preceded in death by his first wife Anita Maddox Jones, and survived by his wife Janna-Neen Johnson-Dingell-Cunningham-Jones, daughter (Jere Jones Yeager), two sons (David Jones and Jim Jones) and a stepdaughter (Ann-Eve Grace Dingell-Cunningham) . At the time of his death, out of the eighty men who participated in the Doolittle Raid, there were ten survivors.
Awards and decorations.
Major General Jones' military decorations and awards include:

</doc>
<doc id="20524838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524838" title="Samir Zulič">
Samir Zulič

Club career.
Zulič played for Koper in the Yugoslav Second League during the 1985–86 season.
Honours.
Koper
Olimpija
International career.
Zulič made eight appearances for the senior Slovenia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20524848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524848" title="Betty Moschona">
Betty Moschona

Betty Moschona (; March 7, 1927 in Patras – December 6, 2006 in Athens) was a Greek actress.
She received her first role in 1952 with Mimis Kokkinis' company and participated in inspected with different comical roles (Vlachos, Kritikos, Nevrikia, Gria, Methysmeni). She employed between others including the Kalouta sisters, Orestis Makris, Sofia Vebo, Rena Dor, Al. Livaditis, Kouli Stoligka and the husband of Takis Miliadis. In 1966 and 1967, she became the company head of Rena Vlachopoulou and Vasilis Avlonitis in a repertoire always with the company in the comedy community. In 1968 and 1969, she had an artistic member of the company "Asoi tou geliou" at the Vebo Theatre.
After 1970, Moschona acted with Lambros Konstantaras, Costas Carras, Mairi Chronopoulou, Nikos Rizos, Rena Vlachopoulou, Aliki Vougiouklaki (in "Efthymi chira"). For some years, she remained at Kostas Voutsas's company. The swan song ballad at the theater from 1998 until 1999 in the Hal Salguin comedy at the "Apothiki" Theater (Theatre).
She also played in films including "Peripterou" as well as television including "Epta kaka tis moiras mou" with Giorgos Konstantinou", in "Axiotimos kyrious" and in "Madame Soussou".
She was awarded with the theatrical "Ta Panathinaia" for her roles at the theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="20524855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524855" title="Siemens Milltronics Process Instruments">
Siemens Milltronics Process Instruments

Siemens Milltronics Process Instruments Inc. (SMPI) designs and manufactures level measurement tools for use in mining, food, chemical processing, oil & gas, water & wastewater, cement, and dry bulk storage. SMPI is committed to environmental management and became ISO 14001 certified in 2008.
SMPI was founded on June 21, 1954 as Milltronics Ltd. by Dave Weston and was later acquired by Siemens in 2000. Its breakthrough was in the late 1970s when it pioneered ultrasonic level measurement. In 1984 Milltronics became the first manufacturer of microprocessor-based ultrasonics instruments with the AiRanger IV.
Its later brands include the popular "MultiRanger" and "The Probe" for monitoring and/or control of liquids and solids in process and storage vessels. These brands have transitioned or been replaced by the SITRANS L line of level products. Brands in the dynamic weighing product line included the "CompuScale", "BW500", and "MSI" belt scale. The weighing brands are now under the "Milltronics" brand. 

</doc>
<doc id="20524864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524864" title="William McCreary">
William McCreary

William Forsythe McCreary (5 May 1855 – 4 May 1904) was a Canadian politician serving as an alderman and the 16th Mayor of Winnipeg and as a Member of the Canadian House of Commons.
McCreary was a lawyer who moved to Manitoba in 1881 where he became a Winnipeg alderman in 1883. He held that city post again in 1884 and 1886 and after a nine-year gap became the city's Mayor for 1897. He also became Commissioner of Immigration that year, noted for his assistance with providing Doukhobors with food supplies in 1898 as they settled in Western Canada.
McCreary was elected to the Canadian House of Commons under the Liberal party in the 1900 federal election at Selkirk electoral district. He served most of his term in the 9th Canadian Parliament until his sudden death at Ottawa's Russell House on 4 May 1904. A doctor and coroner examining his body concluded that McCreary died of heart disease early that morning. He indicated to some colleagues the previous evening that he was experiencing chest pains, following his attendance in Parliament.
The City of Winnipeg named McCreary Road in his honour. The Rural Municipality of McCreary is also named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20524874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524874" title="2009 Indiana Fever season">
2009 Indiana Fever season

The 2009 Indiana Fever season was their 10th season in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). The Fever attempted to advance to the WNBA Playoffs for the fifth consecutive season and were successful. The Fever reached their first WNBA Finals, but fell short in 5 games to the Phoenix Mercury.
Offseason.
Dispersal Draft.
Based on the Fever's 2008 record, they would pick 6th in the Houston Comets dispersal draft. The Fever picked Erica White.
WNBA Draft.
The following are the Fever's selections in the 2009 WNBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20524905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524905" title="Bill Keene">
Bill Keene

Bill Keene (1927 – April 5, 2000) was a television and radio personality who became famous in the Los Angeles, California market as a traffic and weather announcer. He was particularly known for his colorful humorous traffic reports which included numerous puns and he became a fixture in Los Angeles broadcasting.
His Los Angeles broadcasting career began in 1957 at KNXT-TV (now KCBS-TV) as a weather reporter. He is credited with helping pioneer the station's hourlong news format. During the same period he also reported the weather on the sister radio operation KNX (AM). Later he hosted the daytime television variety show "Keene at Noon" which was later called "The Bill Keene Show." 
In 1976 he started working full-time at KNX where he became one of the first regular radio reporters in Los Angeles. 
Puns became a regular part of his broadcasts. For example, when a ladder was reported on the freeway he would announce “Watch out for rung way drivers” and “Don’t worry, the highway patrol will be taking steps to remove that ladder.”
Keene retired in 1993. He died in his sleep in Tucson, Arizona in 2000, months after suffering a stroke.
Honors.
In 1992 Keene was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In 2006, the California Department of Transportation officially named the Four Level Interchange in Downtown Los Angeles the Bill Keene Memorial Interchange in Keene's honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20524937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524937" title="Maximum elevation figure">
Maximum elevation figure

Maximum elevation figure or MEF is the a type of VFR altitude which indicates the height of the highest feature within a quadrangle area. It is of interest to pilots, who want to be aware of the highest mountain peaks and tall towers nearby, so that they can fly above them to avoid controlled flight into terrain. ("Features" includes terrain, trees, towers, and other obstacles.) In a VFR context, this altitude is commonly referred to as a "quadrantal altitude" (not to be confused with an IFR minimum sector altitude or "quadrantal" altitude.)
Unlike the Minimum safe altitude used for IFR flight, the MEF does not include any margin for aircraft clearance above the terrain nor for altimeter error.
In the US, the Federal Aviation Administration issues sectional charts. Each rectangular area covering one degree of latitude and one degree of longitude is divided into four smaller areas called "quadrangles" (in accordance with the Georef system), each spanning half a degree of latitude and half a degree of longitude. Each quadrangle has its MEF printed in it in thousands and hundreds of feet above mean sea level. For example, 105, means that the highest elevation is 10,500 feet within that quadrangle.
MEFs are determined by taking the point of highest elevation within a quadrangle, adding 100 feet for vertical error, then adding the height of the highest obstacle in the quadrangle or 200 feet, whichever is higher, then rounding up to the next hundred feet.
Canadian VNCs.
The MEF on Canadian VFR Navigation Charts is calculated by taking the higher value of: 
See Also.
Minimum safe altitude (for IFR flight), including Area Minimum Altitudes (AMAs)

</doc>
<doc id="20524996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20524996" title="East St. Louis Senior High School">
East St. Louis Senior High School

East Saint Louis Sr. High School is the only high school located in East Saint Louis, Illinois. The school serves about 2,140 students in grades 9 to 12 in the East Saint Louis Public Schools district. It was featured in the Jonathan Kozol book Savage Inequalities.
Sports.
East St. Louis Senior High School recently won the 2008 Class 7A football state championship against Geneva High School. The Flyers have a storied history in Illinois high school football, having won the state championship over a half-dozen times and the national championship twice. From 1976 to the beginning of the 1995 season, the Flyers' coach was Bob Shannon. Two years of Flyers football during that period were the subject of a book, "The Right Kind of Heroes".
The Flyers compete in the Southwestern Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="20525003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525003" title="Charles François Lhomond">
Charles François Lhomond

Charles François Lhomond (1727 – December 31, 1794) was a French priest, grammarian, and educator who was a native of Chaulnes, Somme.
He attended classes at the Collège d'Inville in Paris, where he subsequently became dean of the school. Later he spent twenty years as an educator at the Collège du Cardinal-Lemoine in the Latin Quarter of Paris, and afterwards was professor emeritus at the University of Paris.
Lhomond is remembered for contributions made in the field of education, being the author of several works on grammar, Roman history and religious history. His textbook, "De viris illustribus urbis Romae a Romulo ad Augustum", was used for generations by French students learning Roman history and Latin. 
Other works by Lhomond include:
In 1792 he was jailed for refusing to swear allegiance to the Civil Constitution du clergé, but was released shortly afterwards through intervention by Jean-Lambert Tallien (1767–1820), a former student of his at Collège du Cardinal-Lemoine. A statue of Lhomond by French sculptor Eugène-Louis Lequesne stands in his home town of Chaulnes. 

</doc>
<doc id="20525009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525009" title="Johnny Herd">
Johnny Herd

Johnathan James Herd (born 3 October 1989) is an English footballer playing for Bishop's Stortford F.C.
Career.
Herd made his debut for Southend United away at Telford United, in the 2–2 draw in the FA Cup first round on 8 November 2008 .
He was in the Southend United starting line up for the FA Cup third round game against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. Southend's equaliser came from a Herd long throw, which was inadvertently flicked on by Ricardo Carvalho for Peter Clarke to score. In May 2011, he was one of five players told they were to be released by the club.
On 11 August 2011, Herd signed for Ebbsfleet United, and in early September he scored his first career goal in the away tie at Kidderminster Harriers in a 2–2 draw. Herd's appearances were less regular in the second half of the season due to the form of Joe Howe and he was released by Ebbsfleet at the end of the season.
Soon after Herd signed for Bishop Stortford on a one year deal.

</doc>
<doc id="20525024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525024" title="ACC – Big Ten Women's Challenge">
ACC – Big Ten Women's Challenge

Beginning in 2007, the ACC – Big Ten Women's Challenge (or Big Ten – ACC Women's Challenge, the named order changes each year) is an in-season NCAA college basketball series, matching up teams from the Atlantic Coast Conference and the Big Ten Conference. The challenge is identical is set up to the ACC – Big Ten Challenge. 
The ACC–Big Ten Women's Challenge occurs early in the season, typically around late November/early December. The games are hosted by each of the schools. Originally, eleven games were played in the challenge, meaning one team from the ACC would not have played each challenge. However, since Nebraska's entry to the Big Ten, all twelve teams in each conference will play in the challenge. Many of the challenge games hosted by the Big Ten school will be televised live by the Big Ten Network. Games hosted by the ACC school may be picked up by the ESPN family of networks.
Results.
2009 ACC 7-4.
Note: Miami did not play
2008 ACC 7-4.
Note: Wake Forest did not play
2007 ACC 8-3.
Note: Boston College did not play

</doc>
<doc id="20525065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525065" title="Róbert Zeher">
Róbert Zeher

Róbert Zeher (born 12 February 1985) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for FC Lokomotíva Košice. He also played in the Czech Gambrinus liga for club FC Baník Ostrava.

</doc>
<doc id="20525067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525067" title="Friedhelm Konietzka">
Friedhelm Konietzka

Friedhelm "Timo" Konietzka (2 August 1938 – 12 March 2012) was a German football striker and manager. He earned his nickname "Timo" due to a supposed resemblance to the Soviet commander Semyon Timoshenko.
Biography.
Konietzka was born in Lünen, Province of Westphalia, and started his football career at his hometown club VfB 08 Lünen. In his youth (for five years since the age of 14) he worked in a coal mine. Max Merkel, coach of Borussia Dortmund at that time, discovered his talent when Konietzka was 20 and included him in the Dortmund squad. Together with fellow striker Jürgen Schütz, he formed the most dangerous attack of the Oberliga West. Konietzka played a total of 100 Bundesliga matches for Borussia Dortmund and TSV 1860 Munich and scored 72 goals, being the second best scorer of the league from 1964–1966 in the process. He was also capped nine times (three goals) for Germany between 1962 and 1965. Despite Konietzka's fine goalscoring record in the German league, German national team manager Sepp Herberger thought of him as too inconsistent, which could be one of the reasons Konietzka never featured regularly for the national side. On 24 August 1963, Konietzka scored the first goal in the Bundesliga for Borussia Dortmund against Werder Bremen in the first minute (at 16:59 German time, as the game had started slightly earlier than scheduled). 
He won the German championship with Dortmund against 1. FC Köln in the last final before the introduction of the Bundesliga in 1963.
Konietzka earned his place in football history books when he scored the very first goal of the newly founded Bundesliga in the first minute of a match between SV Werder Bremen and Borussia Dortmund on 24 August 1963. His biggest successes as a player were a DFB-Pokal title with Dortmund in 1965 and championship titles with Dortmund in 1963 and TSV 1860 Munich in 1966.
His coaching career included stints with Borussia Dortmund, Bayer Uerdingen, FC Zürich, BSC Young Boys and Grasshopper Club Zürich. He won three Swiss championships with FC Zürich between 1974 and 1976 and reached the semifinal of the 1976–1977 European Cup, where his Zürich side was knocked out by Liverpool F.C.. As coach of BSC Young Boys he twice reached the final of the Swiss Cup between 1978 and 1980.
Konietzka's wife is named Claudia. He took Swiss citizenship in 1988. With help of euthanasia-organisation Exit International, he chose to end his life at the age of 73 in Brunnen, Canton of Schwyz.
Honours.
Club.
Borussia Dortmund
TSV 1860 München
FC Zürich

</doc>
<doc id="20525079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525079" title=".44 Bull Dog">
.44 Bull Dog

The .44 Bull Dog was an American centerfire revolver cartridge produced from 1880s until 1930s. No known firearm was chambered exclusively for the .44 Bull Dog cartridge: It was a shorter and less powerful option for use in revolvers chambered for the .44 Webley cartridge (American name of the British .442 Webley revolver round). The .44 Bull Dog cartridge was manufactured only in the USA, probably for those bothered by the sharp recoil of the more powerful .44 Webley round in such small guns, or who were particularly cost conscious.* Also it was very easy to carry.
Webley's British Bulldog revolver was a popular and widely copied self-defense or "pocket" gun (so named for being designed early 1870s to be carried in a pocket. Today such guns might be a known as a snubnose or carry gun).
A black powder round, the .44 Bull Dog, as manufactured by firms such as Winchester, used a 168-170 grain bullet and 15 grains powder, compared to a 200-230 grain bullet and 17-20 grains powder for the parent .44 Webley round. It proved a great deal better than contemporary rimfire rounds, being in a class with the .41 Short Colt. However, by modern standards, the .44 Bull Dog was an extremely marginal round, not really suitable for anything but point-blank range, which is how it normally would have been used.

</doc>
<doc id="20525085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525085" title="The Fantastic Leslie">
The Fantastic Leslie

The Fantastic Leslie were a four-piece band from Sydney, Australia and was the starting point for three of Australia's popular and successful comedians and musicians.
Biography.
The group formed in 1999, with Cameron Bruce, Andrew Hansen, Tom Gleeson and James Fletcher, who were all studying at Sydney University. Hansen was the guitarist, played the kazoo and was one of the vocalists, Bruce's expertise lay in the field of playing piano and vocals, Gleeson was the drummer and Fletcher played bass.
They released their debut and only recording, an EP, "A Tiny Mark", on 1 July 1999. "A Tiny Mark" consisted of six tracks - five original tracks as well as 'Moving Right Along', a song from The Muppet Movie. It was produced by Michael Carpenter, mastered by Don Bartley, and distributed through MGM Distribution.
Tom Gleeson left the band in September 2000 to pursue his comedy career, and was replaced by Bruce Braybrooke. Gleeson went on to perform in "skitHOUSE", as well as numerous Australian Comedy Tours, Melbourne International Comedy Festivals and Adelaide Fringe Festivals.
The band recorded only two other released tracks: "The Fantastic Leslie Theme Song" and a cover of the Nick Drake song, "At the Chime of the City Clock". These were respectively released on "Grow Your Own 2000" and "Jeremy Flies; A Tribute to Nick Drake".
They split in about 2003, when they were beginning to actively pursue their own careers. In an interview with The Age Hansen admitted he was a frustrated musician and related to his times with The Fantastic Leslie.
Post Leslie.
Andrew Hansen is a member of The Chaser team, who have produced six TV shows, Andrew being in five of them, including Logie Award winning "CNNNN" and AFI Award winning "The Chaser's War on Everything", as well as three musicals/stage shows, including "The Chaser's Age of Terror Variety Hour" which toured Australia in 2008.
Cameron Bruce, after leaving The Fantastic Leslie, joined Karma County as part of the backing band for a Carole King Tribute show, Tapestry. He has also been a part-time floating member of Pinky Beecroft’s White Russians, and the Beautiful Girls. He was a third of comedy/musical trio GUD, along with Paul McDermott and Mick Moriarty, and progressed onto playing in his own and Paul Kelly's band, and playing keyboards for both "Good News Week" and "The Sideshow". 
Bruce Braybrooke is now the drummer in The Beautiful Girls. 
James Fletcher is now working as a news reporter for the BBC Radio in London. 
There are currently no plans for a reunion. Gleeson has said that they are all booked until February 2009, while Fletcher has said that nothing is impossible when it comes to a gig.
Andrew Hansen, Tom Gleeson and Cameron Bruce appeared together on an episode of GNW on the 19th of October 2009 playing in the segment, "Strange but True."

</doc>
<doc id="20525086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525086" title="Eyes Set to Kill">
Eyes Set to Kill

Eyes Set to Kill is an American post-hardcore band from Phoenix, Arizona. Sisters Alexia and Anissa Rodriguez, along with former vocalist Lindsey Vogt started the band in 2003. Lindsey Vogt departed the band in mid-2007 due to issues with management. Lindsey would go on to form a solo project known as "The Taro Sound", and eventually formed the band "The Attraction." After Lindsey's departure, Alexia assumed her position as lead vocalist as well as guitarist.
"The World Outside" received widespread critical acclaim and the group was featured on the cover of "USA Today", as one of Alternative Press Magazine's "100 Bands You Need To Know", and hosted an episode of MTV's Headbangers Ball. "Broken Frames" was ranked fifth on the list of "Locals Only: The Best Albums and EPs in 2010".
History.
The band's name was derived from a line out of a poem Alexia wrote in secondary school. Eyes Set to Kill began in 2003 as a three-piece band from Tempe, Arizona. Alexia Rodriguez (lead guitar, vocals), Anissa Rodriguez (bass guitar), and Lindsey Vogt (lead vocals), searched the local area for musicians to join their band. Despite sharing the stage with several signed and unsigned artists, including Chiodos, Blessthefall, Goodbye Tomorrow, My American Heart, and Greeley Estates, the initial combination they found was only temporary, and over the next several months, the band continued to undergo changes in their musical lineup. In early 2006, three men joined the line-up of Eyes Set to Kill, those men being Alex Torres (guitar), Brandon Anderson (vocals), and Caleb Clifton (drums). The band worked for Eyes Set to Kill to be active after losing half of their members, and went on to record an EP in 2006 with Arizona's Larry Elyea and his studio, Minds Eye Digital.
"When Silence is Broken, the Night is Torn" (2006).
Eyes Set to Kill's original EP featuring guitarist Alex Torres and original vocalist, Lindsey Vogt. The album featured ten songs (six of which were re-recorded for the full length album, Reach), the EP sold 11,000 units, and was recorded locally at Mind's Eye Digital Recording Studios in Glendale, AZ with Larry Elyea and Keaton.
They toured on the Zippo Hot Tour opening for Papa Roach and Co-Headliners Hed PE
"Reach" (2007-2008).
Eyes Set to Kill's debut full length album, "Reach", was released February 19, 2008. The first single from the album was "Reach", with their following single as "Darling".
"Reach" hit No. 29 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart and No. 77 on Billboard’s Independent Music charts in 2008 selling 1900 copies in its first week.
"The World Outside" (2008-2009).
Eyes Set to Kill's second album, "The World Outside", was released June 2, 2009. Alexia stated that this new album is "a lot darker." 
On April 23, 2009, they posted the song "Heights" on their Myspace page. Craig Mabbitt was a guest vocalist on the song "Deadly Weapons".
"The World Outside" sold 2,400 copies in the United States in its first week of release, according to Nielsen SoundScan. "The World Outside" peaked at No. 9 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart and No. 26 on the Independent Albums chart
On July 7, 2009, it was announced that lead singer Alexia will be recording an acoustic EP after being inspired to do so following performing the song "Come Home." Recording began on July 8, 2009. Also the acoustic EP was stated to be Limited Edition and only available at their shows.
On March 25, 2010 at the Icon in Pocatello, Idaho they announced that they had finished recording their third album, but did not announce a release date. However, on March 26, 2010, at Kilby Court in Salt Lake City, Utah, (Jesse Perez was there and heard the announcement) they announced that the new album would be released in June 2010.
"Broken Frames" (2010-2011).
Their third studio album, called "Broken Frames", was released on June 8, 2010. The first single from the album is called "All You Ever Knew", and was released on April 1, 2010 on revolvermag.com and on their MySpace page. Brandon Anderson had resigned from the band, and "quit for a girl, but it wasn't just that. He really damaged his vocal chords and he can't scream anymore," band member Caleb says. Frontwoman Alexia said of the album, "I have a lot of memories that I want to forget about. So I wanted to base the theme of the song on that feeling. I have had a friend pass away; I have broken hearts; I have lost faith at times; and I have made mistakes that I can’t even count anymore. So all of the memories of these things inspired me to write about them on this album. We really wanted this first song to be the heaviest and the most evolved sounding track compared to the tracks on The World Outside. 'Broken Frames' is the first song we finished for this record and the first song we tried out this theme on. So I guess you could call this a concept album about everything I want to forget." The song "Ryan" is about Alexia's guitar teacher, who taught her almost everything she knows. She says "he was always a happy person, but not in the inside I guess." One day she went in for lessons, he wasn't there and she later found out he had shot himself in the chest. So she really just wanted to write a song about him. Anissa wrote the piano part in the song.
It was stated on Eyes Set To Kill's Twitter that they will be playing 3 brand new songs at The Chain Reaction in Anaheim, CA March 20, 2011 They played with Rosalynn, Black Veil Brides, Confide, and From First to Last. One of the new songs that debuted is called "Where I Want To Be."
On March 2, 2011 it was announced that Eyes Set To Kill would be playing the Vans Warped Tour 2011.
"Underground Sounds" (2010-2011).
On October 12, 2010, Alexia "Lexia" Rodriguez released her debut solo album called "Underground Sounds." The album includes a few of ESTK's songs such as "Come Home," with the debut single's acoustic version of "Reach" and a cover of Radiohead's "Climbing Up the Walls." On October 26, 2010, "Let Me In" was released as Lexia's first single with a video under her first solo album "Lexia: Underground Sounds." The song is featured as a bonus track from their third studio album, "Broken Frames".
On January 27, 2011, in a blogspot written by Alexia Rodriguez, she reveals the departure of Greg Kerwin. Replacing Greg on guitar for their Alaska tour is David Molina. In 2011, Alexia Rodriguez was featured in the song "Cross-Eyed Catastrophe" on "The Black Crown" by Suicide Silence.
"White Lotus" (2011).
The band will be on the Horror Nights Tour with Aiden, Get Scared, Vampires Everywhere!, and Dr. Acula from May 13-June 23.
Eyes Set to Kill entered the studio in Ocala, FL with producer Andrew Wade to record a new album on April 27. It was stated on May 11 that the new LP was complete.
The first song to be released is called "The Secrets Between" and will be on the 2011 Warped Tour Compilation CD out June 7. It was announced that a song would be streaming on www.revolvermag.com on June 7 and available as a free track on June 10.
It was announced on May 30 that the LP would be titled "White Lotus." 
On June 7, Eyes Set to Kill announced they started their own record label, Forsee Records, and would no longer be with Breaksilence Records. They released White Lotus through a joint venture between their own label Forsee Records and Maphia Entertainment on August 9.
In June 2012, It was announced that Eyes Set to Kill would be headlining the Show Your True Colors 2012 North American Tour with My Ticket Home and Awaken the Empire.
Signing to Century Media Records and "Masks" (2011–present).
On July 19, 2012 it was announced that Eyes Set To Kill had signed to Century Media Records. The band will enter the studio early next year with producer Steve Evetts (Suicide Silence and The Dillinger Escape Plan) to record its next album and debut for Century Media Records. The album is set to be released in spring 2013.
On December 20, 2012, the band reached 1,000,000 likes on Facebook prompting them to release a free download of a new demo for their upcoming album entitled "Masks" the following day. "Masks" is set for release on September 17, 2013.
"I felt like we were wearing a bunch of masks to impress people," offered singer, songwriter, and guitarist Alexia Rodriguez of the album's title. "At one point, I had a bit of a revelation. We have gone through so many changes over the years, but it wasn't about anybody else. It was about us - we've really found the band's face at this point. We aren't wearing masks anymore."
On February 7 2014, Cisko Miranda announced he has parted ways with the band.
Band members.
Former members

</doc>
<doc id="20525094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525094" title="Miroslav Marković">
Miroslav Marković

Miroslav Marković (; born November 4, 1989) is a Serbian football player currently playing for the Czech side FC Zbrojovka Brno.
He signed a three-year contract with FK Dukla Prague in June 2011 after scoring 17 goals in the 2010–11 Czech 2. Liga while on loan at Viktoria Žižkov.
In July 2012, Marković headed to České Budějovice on a loan deal. In January 2013, he finished his loan and moved to FC Zbrojovka Brno, where he signed a two-and-a-half-year contract. 

</doc>
<doc id="20525098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525098" title="Thondaman dynasty">
Thondaman dynasty

Thondaman was an Indian dynasty.
History.
The origins of the Thondaiman derive from the state of Pudkottai, which was created by Raghunatha Thondaiman.
Raghunatha Kilavan Setupati of Ramnad (1673–1708) married Kathali Nachiar the sister of Thondaiman, he appointed his brother in law Raghunatha Thondaiman as a chief of the district of Pudukottai. Raghunatha Thondaiman was earlier ruling Thirumayam. In appreciation of Raghunatha Tondaman's services, Raghunatha Kilavan Setupati has given Pudukkottai as an honour for his services.
In later centuries, the Thondaiman rulers, while nominally feudatories of the Ramnad state, often pursued an independent foreign policy, a trend common in all parts of India at that time. After the death of Raghunatha Kilavan Setupati he become ruler of Pudukottai.
After becoming the ruler of Pudukottai, Raghunatha Thondaiman fought against the Nayaks of Tanjore in support of the Nayaks of Madurai and conquered Thirukkattupalli a very important place. Then there was a direct clash between Thondaimans of Pudukottai and the Nayaks rulers of Tanjore. Thondaiman conquered the west of Thirukkattupalli.
The next ruler Raja Vijaya Reghunatha Raya Thondaiman he helped Arcot Nawab against Hyder Ali the ruler of Mysore. He was also loyal towards the British Government. After some time, when Hyder Ali’s army tried to enter into Pudukkottai, the Thondaiman’s army defeated them and drove Hyder’s army away. Thondaiman captured Kilanilai and Aranthangi. He helped the British Government against Tipu Sultan.
Pudukkotai finally came under formal British protection. This was arguably unavoidable, since the Thondaimans were much menaced in that period by a resurgent Mysore ruled by Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan. Tipu Sultan had sought to leverage the power of the French against his British
List of Thondaman Kings.
The Thondaman lineage:

</doc>
<doc id="20525125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525125" title="Elton Santiago dos Santos Lira">
Elton Santiago dos Santos Lira

Elton Santiago dos Santos Lira or simply Lira (born 21 September 1986) is a Brazilian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20525129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525129" title="JUSTICE@work">
JUSTICE@work

JUSTICE@work (Justice at work) was a legal aid program serving workers in Ontario, Canada. The program provided summary legal advice, brief legal service, and representation to low-income workers. The program was sponsored by the Community Legal Clinic - Simcoe, Haliburton, Kawartha Lakes and the Law Foundation of Ontario and ended in April 2010.
References.
Connecting Across Language and Distance: Linguistic and Rural Access to Legal Information and Services (pg. 42)[http://www.lawfoundation.on.ca/pdf/linguistic_rural_report_dec2008_final.pdf]
OBA Task Force on Wrongful Dismissal Litigation (p. 6)[http://oba.org/en/publicaffairs_en/pdf/oba_wrongful_dismissal_task_force_final_28apr09.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="20525157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525157" title="Loneliness in America">
Loneliness in America

Loneliness in America (Best of 1998-2008) is a greatest hits album by Mark Mallman, available via free MP3 download from Mark Mallman's official website. Covering his entire career, it also includes the new single "Do You Feel Like Breaking Up?".

</doc>
<doc id="20525182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525182" title="U.S. Route 7 in Massachusetts">
U.S. Route 7 in Massachusetts

U.S. Route 7 (US 7) is a north–south U.S. Highway extending from southern Connecticut to the northernmost part of Vermont. In Massachusetts, the route extends for through western Berkshire County.
Route description.
US 7 enters Massachusetts in the town of Sheffield and remains a two-lane road until Lenox. There, a four-lane bypass of Lenox was built in two pieces, and the old US 7 is now Route 7A. US 7 continues on as a four-lane road to Pittsfield, where it is then a three-lane road, narrowing to two lanes for a short time, then widening to four lanes in downtown Pittsfield. US 7 leaves downtown Pittsfield as a two-lane surface arterial, and continues as a rural highway with occasional three-lane stretches for climbing the grades along the Berkshires. It passes west of Mount Greylock before passing through Williamstown, connecting the Taconic Trail with the Mohawk Trail. The road passes Williams College before entering Vermont.'
Like Connecticut, Massachusetts planned a US 7 expressway from the existing bypass in Lenox all the way to Lanesborough. This plan was never initiated, although land takings occurred. The highway was ultimately canceled due to environmental and community opposition.
In Massachusetts, US 7 passes through the towns of Sheffield, Great Barrington, Stockbridge, Lee, Lenox, Pittsfield, Lanesborough, New Ashford, and Williamstown, before crossing into Pownal, Vermont.

</doc>
<doc id="20525202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525202" title="Ulysses (song)">
Ulysses (song)

"Ulysses" is a song from the Scottish indie rock band Franz Ferdinand. It is the lead single from their third album "".
Song information.
The song "Ulysses" was chosen to be the first single and was in physical format on 19 January 2009. It was debuted live on 5 August 2007 at the "Hey You Get Off My Pavement" festival in Glasgow and has been played at every full set gig since. The song received first airplay at BBC Radio 1 on 17 November 2008, and subsequently became available to download from the Canadian and US iTunes music stores on 2 December 2008. In the United States, the song reached #20 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart, the band's fifth single to appear on that chart. The song also entered the UK Singles Chart at a peak position of #20 on 25 January 2009. The video, directed by Will Lovelace and Dylan Southern, was premiered on 9 January 2009.
The cover art for the single is part of a series of photographs the band are taking on their travels, recreating crime scenes; this one features Alex Kapranos face-down in the street, presumably dead, while his bandmates look on. The Ulysses cover shot was taken in Brooklyn by Guy Eppel.
"Ulysses" featured on Triple J's Hottest 100 Countdown in 2008, polling 82nd. The track was also featured on the second season of Skins's promo advert.
Ulysses is the Roman name for the Greek mythological hero Odysseus, as well as the title for the novel of the same name by James Joyce.
The song has been used for the television commercial of Toyota Mark X ZiO in Japan since February 2009., as well as the video game "".
Chart Information.
It debuted on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart at #20.
On the UK Singles Chart, the song debuted at number 20.

</doc>
<doc id="20525203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525203" title="Muslim Burial Ground, Horsell Common">
Muslim Burial Ground, Horsell Common

The Muslim Burial Ground, Horsell Common was the original resting place of two dozen Muslim soldiers who died during World War I and World War II. It measures about by 30 metres and is located at in the southeast corner of Horsell Common about 100 metres off Monument Road. It is a Grade II listed building.
Large numbers of men from the Indian subcontinent fought on the Western Front during World War I. Some of those who were injured were moved to hospitals on the English south coast including Brighton. Of those, nineteen Muslims died and were buried here. The site was chosen for its proximity to the Shah Jahan Mosque, at the time, the only mosque in England. A further five men who died during World War II were buried here.
In the 1960s the site was becoming subject to vandalism so in 1968 the bodies were transferred to the Military Cemetery at Brookwood. The monument was restored in the 1990s as a result of financial support from a local resident of Woking, the musician Paul Weller.

</doc>
<doc id="20525226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525226" title="Purple Sneakers">
Purple Sneakers

"Purple Sneakers" is the third single from the album Hi Fi Way by Australian rock band You Am I. It was released in 1995 and reached number 24 in the 1995 Triple J Hottest 100.
Track listing.
Tracks 1 and 2 (Rogers). Track 3 by X.
"Sci-Fi Way" is an instrumental which features samples taken from 1950s sci-fi movies and other television shows including Ren & Stimpy.
"We're Desperate" is a cover the X song and features Rusty Hopkinson on backing vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="20525246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525246" title="Wesley Chapel Methodist Episcopal Church (Eldersburg, Maryland)">
Wesley Chapel Methodist Episcopal Church (Eldersburg, Maryland)

The Wesley Chapel Methodist Episcopal Church in Eldersburg, Maryland is a characteristic small church of the period, with uncoursed stone rubble construction and a simple plan. The interior is a single barrel-vaulted room. It was erected to serve one of the earliest Methodist congregations in Carroll County, and hence in the United States, as Carroll County was a birthplace of Methodism in America.

</doc>
<doc id="20525252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525252" title="Fort Martin Scott">
Fort Martin Scott

Fort Martin Scott is a restored United States Army outpost near Fredericksburg in the Texas Hill Country, United States, that was active from December 5, 1848 until April, 1853. It was part of a line of frontier forts established to protect travelers and settlers within Texas.
Establishment.
A line of seven army posts were established in 1848-49 after the Mexican War to protect the settlers of West Texas and included Fort Worth, Fort Graham, Fort Gates, Fort Croghan, Fort Martin Scott, Fort Lincoln and Fort Duncan.
The fort was originally established as Camp Houston on December 5, 1848, and quartered Companies D and H, First United States Infantry. It was located two miles (3 km) southeast of Fredericksburg on Baron's Creek and eventually consisted of a complex of twenty-one buildings. The soldiers patrolled the Fredericksburg-San Antonio road and surrounding area. One mission of the outpost was to protect settlers from Indian depredations.
The Eighth Military Department renamed the camp in December 1849 for Major Martin Scott, who was killed at the Battle of Molino del Rey in the Mexican War in 1847. The forces stationed at the fort began alternating between a company of infantry and one of dragoons. As the settlers pushed farther west, Fort Martin Scott lost its strategic significance. In 1853, Army inspectors recommended that the fort be closed. The Eighth Military Department ordered that Fort Martin Scott close in December 1853.
Treaties.
Meusebach treaty.
The full text of this treaty can be found at Meusebach–Comanche Treaty.
On May 9, 1847, prior to the establishment of Fort Martin Scott, an expedition under John O. Meusebach negotiated the non-government Treaty Between the Comanche and the German Immigration Company. The treaty was limited to the specific area between the Llano River and the San Saba River, and only addressed the relations between the Penateka Comanche and the immigrants who came under the aegis of the German Immigration Company.
Fort Martin Scott treaty.
The full text of the treaty can be found at Fort Martin Scott Treaty.
The Fort Martin Scott Treaty was an unratified treaty, negotiated and signed on December 10, 1850 by Indian agent John Rollins, U. S. Army Captain Hamilton W. Merrill, Captain J.B. McGown of the Texas Mounted Volunteers (Texas Rangers), interpreters John Connor and Jesse Chisholm, as well as twelve Comanche chiefs, six Caddo chiefs, four Lipan chiefs, five Quapaw chiefs, four Tawakoni chiefs, and four Waco chiefs. The treaty was actually signed in San Saba County but named for the nearest military outpost. On December 25, 1850, General George M. Brooke sent a copy of the treaty to Texas Governor Peter Hansborough Bell, mentioning the treaty had not been approved by the government and was essentially binding only on the part of the Indian tribes.
This treaty put the signed tribes under the sole jurisdiction of the United States of America. It regulated commerce and prohibited supplying alcoholic beverages to the tribes. The tribes were required to remain at peace with each other and the United States government, and to be at peace with other tribes the government deemed at peace. The tribes were to return all stolen property and captives and to cease depredations. The government made it tribal responsibility to report any suspected activity that might violate the treaty, and to assist the government in recovering runaway slaves. In return, the government would establish trading posts and give the tribes blacksmiths and school teachers. The treaty also required the tribes to allow Christian preachers to minister to them, and to allow said preachers unrestrained travel through tribal territory.
Post Infantry years.
The site was occupied intermittently by the Texas Rangers and then the Confederate States Army. In September 1866, General Philip H. Sheridan ordered elements of the Fourth United States Cavalry to Fort Martin Scott to secure the frontier once again from possible Indian attacks. By the end of 1866, the fort was permanently abandoned by military units. Many of the Martin Scott commanders fought in the American Civil War, including William R. Montgomery, William Steele, Edward D. Blake, James Longstreet, and Theodore Fink.
In the early 1880s, the fort was the location of the Gillespie County Fair. Owned from 1870–1959 by members of the Braeutigam family, Martin Scott was sold to the City of Fredericksburg in 1959. In 1986, the Fredericksburg Heritage Federation began extensive work of reconstructing the site as a tourist attraction.
Braeutigam family.
Johann Wolfgang Braeutigam (1829–1884) emigrated with his family from Kaltenlengsfeld, Germany and arrived at Indianola on Dec 1845. Johann, his wife Christine and their nine children eventually settled in Fredericksburg. In 1870, the family moved into the abandoned Fort Martin Scott, from which Braeutigam operated a biergarten. On September 3, 1884, Braeutigam was murdered by four strangers in a robbery of the biergarten's cash box.
The city of Fredericksburg bought the Fort Martin Scott property from the Braeutigam family. Among highlights of the fort are the post commander’s quarters (formerly Braeutigam Garden), six buildings of officers’ housing, sutler’s store and warehouse, laundry, bakehouse with oven, military hospital, three sets of enlisted men’s barracks, quartermaster’s warehouse, a stable with barn, and a blacksmith shop. The guardhouse, made of cut limestone, is the only surviving building from the original fort, having been restored to its original design in the early 1990s. It was the Braeutigam’s homestead.
Historical site.
Fort Martin Scott was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1936, Marker number 10039, and added to the National Register of Historic Places in Texas on January 20, 1980. The fort is operated by the city of Fredericksburg and offers self-guided walking tours, pre-scheduled guided tours and school tours. Located at 1606 East Main Street (Highway 290), the site is open Tuesday through Sunday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Donations.
As of October 8, 2010, the Former Texas Rangers Association is moving forward with a plan approved by the Fredericksburg City Council to build a Texas Rangers Heritage Center adjacent to Fort Martin Scott. The plans are for an educational complex that will focus on the heritage of not only the Texas Rangers but also Fort Martin Scott and Gillespie County. Scheduled ground breaking on the multi-million dollar center is for October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20525293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525293" title="2008 Sun Bowl">
2008 Sun Bowl

The 2008 Brut Sun Bowl, part of the 2008–09 NCAA Division I FBS bowl season, was played on December 31, 2008 at the stadium of the same name on the campus of the University of Texas at El Paso in El Paso, Texas. The 75th annual contest pitted the Pittsburgh Panthers and the Oregon State Beavers. Pittsburgh previously appeared in the Sun Bowl in 1975 and 1989. Oregon State previously appeared in the Sun Bowl only once, in 2006. Entering the contest, the teams had a combined 3-0 record in Sun Bowls.
Oregon State won 3–0, the-lowest scoring bowl game since a 0–0 tie between Air Force and TCU in the 1959 Cotton Bowl and the lowest-scoring Sun Bowl since a 0–0 tie between Arizona State and The Catholic University of America on January 1, 1940. It was the first shutout loss for the Panthers since 1996. This game, however, was special because the only points were scored on a field goal kicked off of a botched hold.
This game marked the 41st consecutive telecast by CBS Sports. No other network and bowl game has been paired for a longer period of time.
The halftime show included a performance by musical group The Village People as Sun Bowl officials broke the Guinness World Record for largest Y.M.C.A. dance.

</doc>
<doc id="20525294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525294" title="Isthmian Canal Commission">
Isthmian Canal Commission

The Isthmian Canal Commission (often known as the ICC) was an American administration commission set up to oversee the construction of the Panama Canal in the early years of American involvement. Established in 1904, it was given control of the Panama Canal Zone over which the United States exercised sovereignty. The commission reported directly to Secretary of War William Taft.
It was initially composed of seven members, appointed by President Theodore Roosevelt, directed to avoid the inefficiency and corruption that had plagued the French 15 years earlier. On May 6, 1904, President Theodore Roosevelt appointed John Findley Wallace, formerly chief engineer and finally general manager of the Illinois Central Railroad, chief engineer of the Panama Canal project. Wallace was paid a $25,000 annual salary, the highest of any government employee at that time other than the president. In addition to the engineering and health problems, Wallace faced many bureaucratic challenges from the ICC, which had to approve essentially every significant decision Wallace made in the Canal Zone. With engineers filling out more than 1,000 work request forms weekly, even the simplest tasks often took months to complete. In addition to "make dirt fly", as directed by Roosevelt, Wallace was forced to use the often dilapidated infrastructure and equipment left behind by the French when they sold their concession.
The ICC was later reduced to three members on the recommendation of John Findley Wallace, the chief engineer. Overwhelmed, Wallace resigned abruptly in June 1905. In 1906 when a new chief engineer, John Frank Stevens, was appointed, he was not a member of the commission. He increasingly viewed the bureaucratic ICC as a serious hindrance and ended up bypassing the commission and sending requests and demands directly to the Roosevelt Administration in Washington.
In Washington, D.C., Joseph Bucklin Bishop, an associate of Theodore Roosevelt and a strong editorial advocate for U.S. participation in the canal project, was appointed Executive Secretary of the Isthmian Canal Commission the following year (1905). Bishop was tasked with managing the commission's day-to-day matters, but also with ensuring public support for the canal through public relations and by keeping the project's official history. Bishop's promised $10,000 annual salary was relentlessly criticized by Roosevelt's opponents in Congress, mostly because it was twice what each of them made. Opposition newspapers joined in the criticism. In the summer of 1907, when escalating allegations of cronyism surrounding Bishop's appointment threatened appropriations for Panama Canal construction, Taft, surely with Roosevelt's quiet assent, ordered Bishop out of Washington to Panama, where the partisan political heat would be less intense. "I accept your decision without reluctance", Bishop informed Taft, "and shall go to the Isthmus, not sadly but cheerfully." It would not be his first trip to Panama. In the fall of the previous year, Bishop had gone ahead to advance Roosevelt's historic inspection tour, the first time a sitting president had journeyed outside the United States.
Joseph Bucklin Bishop would, except for month-long summer breaks, remain on the isthmus for seven years, serving clandestinely at first as Theodore Roosevelt's "eyes and ears". He reported back on the "astonishing" progress that Army Corps of Engineers Colonel George Washington Goethals and his team were making excavating the "big ditch", building dams and locks. Before long, Bishop became Goethals's trusted aide, serving as his first line of defense against workers with complaints and grievances. But Bishop's greatest achievement in Panama would be as founding editor of "The Canal Record", a weekly newspaper for the thousands of workers in Panama. His regular reports of the cubic yards dug by rival work divisions, and the competitive baseball games they played, created a spirit of healthy competition that lifted worker morale and productivity. The "good news" of "The Canal Record" also built vital public support on newspaper editorial pages back home and in the halls of the United States Congress, where annual appropriations were required to keep the canal project moving forward.

</doc>
<doc id="20525307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525307" title="Rufous beaked snake">
Rufous beaked snake

The rufous beaked snake, Rhamphiophis oxyrhynchus, is a species of mildly venomous colubrid endemic to East Africa. It is named for its hooked snout, which it uses to dig burrows, and for its reddish-brown back scales. It hunts small animals during the day with the help of its venomous bite. 
Taxonomy.
The two subspecies are "R.o. oxyrhynchus" (J.T. Reinhardt, 1843) and "R.o. rostratus" W. Peters, 1854. Some authorities consider the latter to be a species, "R. rostratus" W. Peters, 1854.
Description.
The rufous beaked snake is large and stout, with males reaching a maximum length of and females reaching . It has a shortened skull, as with all beaked snakes, giving it a clear distinction between its head and body, as well as a dark brown eye stripe running down the side of its head. Its eyes are large with round pupils. While its back tends to be yellowish-brown to reddish-brown, its belly is cream or yellowish-white.
Geographic range.
The rufous beaked snake's range includes north Botswana, north Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Tanzania, and Sudan. 
Habitat.
It primarily inhabits bushveld and thornveld habitats.
Biology.
Diurnal animals, rufous beaked snakes hunt small animals, including other snakes, but stay in burrows during the hottest part of the day. In the summer, females lay eight to 17 cylindrical eggs with dimensions of about over the span of several days. The snake's venom, one of its components of which is a neurotoxin called rufoxin, causes hypotension and circulatory shock in small mammals, but is not dangerous to humans.

</doc>
<doc id="20525330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525330" title="Frank E. Johnson">
Frank E. Johnson

Frank E. Johnson A.S.C. is an American cinematographer, producer and film director. He is best known for cinematography on "The A-Team", but has also worked the camera for such feature films such as "Predator" (1987), "The Taking of Beverly Hills" (1991), and "The Man in the Black Suit" (2004). He was twice nominated for an ASC Award for "Outstanding Achievement in Cinematography", in 2000 and 2001. He has a film set for release in 2009 as producer and director for "Shannon's Rainbow".
Filmography.
As director:
As cinematographer:
References.
google.com Defendants are Frank E. Johnson, Lawrence Richert, Joseph G. Pia, Charles Morrison, Kelly Nelson and John Mowod

</doc>
<doc id="20525348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525348" title="Executive Suite (video game)">
Executive Suite (video game)

Executive Suite is a game of office politics at the computer company that is known as "Mighty Microcomputer Corporation".
Gameplay.
Developed and published by Armonk Corporation for the DOS platform in 1982, the game presents the player with situations and problems which must be solved by choosing from multiple choices. After a series of questions the game evaluates the player's performance resulting in either a career advancement option or getting fired from the company. The ultimate objective of the game is to become the president of the company as soon as possible. During the course of the game, the economy can change from a boom into a recession and even into a depression.

</doc>
<doc id="20525366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525366" title="Unveiling a Parallel">
Unveiling a Parallel

Unveiling a Parallel: A Romance is a feminist science fiction and utopian novel published in 1893. The first edition of the book attributed authorship to "Two Women of the West." They were Alice Ilgenfritz Jones and Ella Merchant, writers who lived in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
Genre.
The novel is one of a large number of works of speculative fiction and utopian and dystopian fiction that characterized the later nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Feminist issues and approaches were significant in this wave of speculative literature. While women writers typically advocated feminist causes and values (as in Mary Lane's "Mizora" and Elizabeth Corbett's "New Amazonia"), there were also exceptions: conservative and traditionally-oriented women who used speculative fiction to argue against feminism (as in Anna Bowman Dodd's "The Republic of the Future").
Story.
Jones and Merchant differed from some other feminist novelists of their generation (like Corbett and Lane, mentioned above) in that they made their fictional protagonist male instead of female. Their hero travels to the planet Mars in an "aeroplane." (That term had originated in France in 1879; this novel provided one of the earliest uses of the word in English.) The nameless traveller visits two different "Marsian" societies; in both, there is equality between men and women. In one, Paleveria, women have adopted the negative characteristics of men; in Caskia, the other, gender equality "has made both sexes kind, loving, and generous."
Since Jones and Merchant were primarily interested in crafting a satiric commentary of their own society, they made their Mars and Martians strongly similar to Earth and human beings. The technological level is comparable on both planets; the Martians rely on Martian horses for transport. The narrator first lands in the Martian country of Paleveria, which is a republican and capitalist state, with clear class divisions; the people are vegetarians, and dress in loose robes. Their homes (at least among the aristocrats) are classical and palatial, with marble floors and statuary, silk hangings, and frescoes on the walls. Women in Paleveria can vote, hold political office, and run businesses; they propose marriage to men, have sex with male prostitutes, and even participate in wrestling matches.
The traveller stays with an astronomer named Severnius, in the city of Thursia; he studies diligently and learns the language. Severnius acts as his guide to Paleverian society — as does the astronomer's beautiful sister Elodia. The narrator soon falls in love with Elodia, but is shocked by her liberated traits and habits. Elodia is a banker by profession; she drinks alcohol and imbibes a Martian drug, has affairs with men, and eventually reveals an illegitimate child.
Severnius, for his part, asks the narrator about Earth, and the traveller is hard put to provide logical and acceptable explanations for many Earthly customs, mainly involving the distinctions between the sexes. The narrator is appalled by women participating in martial arts — and Elodia condemns this too; but she also condemns men's boxing matches, which the traveller accepts as natural.
The narrator is profoundly shocked when he learns of Elodia's illegitimate daughter; he leaves for a visit to Caskia. This northern country has a more co-operative and egalitarian social and economic order than Paleveria has; its people cultivate intellectual, artistic, and spiritual qualities. Caskia approaches the status of a Martian Utopia. In the city of Lunismar, the traveller meets another Martian woman, Ariadne, who is more traditionally feminine by conservative Earthly standards. He considers her "the highest and purest thing under heaven." He also meets a venerated teacher called The Master; the two have a long spiritual conversation. The narrator returns to Earth.
"Unveiling a Parallel" has been reprinted in several modern editions.
Authors.
Alice Ilgenfritz Jones (1846–1905) wrote other novels during her career: "High Water Mark" (1879), "Beatrice of Bayou Têche" (1895), and "The Chevalier of St. Denis" (1900). She also wrote short fiction and travel essays. Ella Merchant, or Marchant (1857–1916), is a more obscure figure.

</doc>
<doc id="20525370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525370" title="Yangzhen">
Yangzhen

Yangzhen Town () is town situated in the Shunyi District of Beijing. The population is estimated at 22,000 residents, however during school holidays period, the population swells with the arrival of over 7,000 students and teachers.
Town.
Yangzhen has a delightful selection of local restaurants serving authentically cooked Beijing cuisine. Additional facilities include a China Mobile shop, a shop selling seeds and nuts and a supermarket.
Transportation.
Yangzhen is well connected with regular buses to downtown Beijing. The journey takes approximately 1 hour depending on traffic and stops at Dongzhimen (东直门) long distance bus terminal. Unlicensed minibuses run between Yangzhen and the central Shunyi urban area, which takes approximately 20 minutes. Unlicensed taxis also drive between Yangzhen and the center of Shunyi at a cost of about 30 RMB.
Yangzhen Number 1 Middle School.
One of the highest rated middle schools in Shunyi District, Yangzhen Number 1 Middle School, has a long history of great academic and sporting success. The school's campus is full of trees and green life, giving it the title of "School Garden". Its English department has had foreign teachers for 7 consecutive years, providing an excellent opportunity for its students to obtain fluency in English before they graduate. The school's basketball team regularly makes the top 5 within the Beijing municipality, and the school is widely regarded as an excellent environment to develop young sporting talents. One of the key characteristics of the school is the large number of Xinjiang (新疆）students that go to study there.

</doc>
<doc id="20525390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525390" title="Mike Hewitt (author)">
Mike Hewitt (author)

Mike Hewitt is a Canadian author of financial articles and founder of DollarDaze.org, a website on the instability of the global fiat monetary system and investment strategies on mining companies.
One of the primary views expressed on the website is the view that the paper currencies of the world have been undergoing marked devaluation since the US dollar ceased to be convertible to gold for non-American citizens on August 15, 1971 (It had been illegal for US citizens to hold gold for investment purposes since the Roosevelt’s Executive Order 6102 of April 5, 1933). Since that time, all volume of outstanding currency in circulation has been increasing at ever accelerating rates. Important commodity prices such as gold, copper and oil are destined to rise in price, because the currencies are going down in value.
Mike Hewitt's columns appear in Financialsense.com, The Market Oracle, Gold-Eagle, SafeHaven, GoldSeek, and 24hGold. In addition, his website, DollarDaze.org, provides his archived columns and free financial services including a wide range of commodity and index quotes.
Mike Hewitt currently resides in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.

</doc>
<doc id="20525407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525407" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1946">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1946

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1946 Australian federal election. The election was held on 28 September 1946.
In 1944–1945, the United Australia Party (UAP) had reconstituted itself as the Liberal Party of Australia. Former UAP seats are now designated as Liberal seats.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators Stan Amour, John Armstrong and Donald Grant were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Three seats were up for election. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending three seats. Labor Senators Gordon Brown, Joe Collings and Ben Courtice were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators Alex Finlay, Theo Nicholls and Sid O'Flaherty were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Three seats were up for election. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators Bill Aylett, Charles Lamp and Nick McKenna were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Four seats were up for election. One of these was a short-term vacancy caused by Labor Senator Richard Keane's death; this had been filled in the interim by the Country Party's Alexander Fraser. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending three seats. The Labor Party was defending one seat. Labor Senators Don Cameron and Jim Sheehan were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The Liberal Party was defending two seats. The Labor Party was defending one seat. Labor Senators Robert Clothier, James Fraser and Richard Nash were not up for re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="20525430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525430" title="Provoked (album)">
Provoked (album)

Provoked is the 15th live spoken word album by Henry Rollins, released on April 1, 2008 as a CD/DVD combo on 2.13.61 Records. It was recorded in San Francisco, California on November 6, 2007 and Amsterdam, Netherlands on January 23, 2008 during his "Provoked" tour.
The DVD includes the Comedy Central special "Live and Ripped From London", which was recorded May 17 & 18, 1999 and first aired August 11, 2000. A small portion of this special was included as a bonus track on Rollins' 2001 release, A Rollins In the Wry.
Track listing.
Disc 1: CD.
All material written by Henry Rollins.
Credits.
Disc 1: CD.
Richard Bishop – Production and Editing<br>
Geoff Barnett – Project Coordination, Additional Production and Editing<br>
Ward McDonald – Recording<br>
Rae Di Leo – Mixing<br>
Jen Murse – Package Design<br>
Keith Jones – Cover Design<br>
Maura Lanahan – Photography
Disc 2: DVD.
Chris Fouracre – Producer<br>
Nikki Parsons – Director<br>
Ray Moore – Senior Cameraman<br>
Bob Mossey – Sound<br>
Reg Wrench – WT Editor<br>
Mike Aiton Browne – Dubbing Mixer<br>
Anna Bonallack – Designer<br>
Lesley Davies – Production Manager

</doc>
<doc id="20525456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20525456" title="Mr. Milk">
Mr. Milk

"Mr. Milk" is the first single from the album "Hourly, Daily" by Australian rock band You Am I. It was released in 1995 and reached number 50 on the Australian chart.
Track listing.
This version of the song differs from the one that appears on Hourly, Daily as it was re-recorded for the album. 
"My Friend Jack" was originally recorded by The Smoke. 
"Embarrassed" was taken from the 1995 Triple J Live at the Wireless performance, and originally appeared on the Coprolalia EP.

</doc>
