<doc id="20218245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218245" title="Huabiao">
Huabiao

Huabiao () is a type of ceremonial columns used in traditional Chinese architecture. "Huabiao"s are traditionally erected in front of palaces and tombs. The prominence of their placement have made them one of the emblems of traditional Chinese culture. When placed outside palaces, they can also be called bangmu (謗木, "commentary board"). When placed outside a tomb, they can also be called shendaozhu (神道柱, "spirit way columns").
Structure.
Extant "huabiao"s are typically made from white marble. A "huabiao" is typically made up of four components. At the bottom is a square base, called a "sumeru" base, which is decorated with bas-relief depictions of dragons, lotuses, and other auspicious symbols. Above is a column, decorated with a coiled dragon and auspicious clouds. Near the top, the column is crossed by a horizontal stone board in the shape of a cloud (called the "cloud board"). The column is topped by a round cap, called the "dew-collecting plate". At the top of the cap sits a mythical creature called the "denglong" (蹬龙), also called a "hou" (犼), one of the "nine children of the dragon", which is said to have the habit of watching the sky. Its role atop the "huabiao" is said to be to communicate the mood of the people to the Heavens above.
History.
Classical texts in China attribute the beginning of the "huabiao" to Shun, a legendary leader traditionally dated to the 23rd-22nd century BC. Some say it developed from the totem poles of ancient tribes. The "Huainanzi" describes the "feibangmu" (誹謗木), or "bangmu" for short, literally "commentary board", as a wooden board set up on main roads to allow the people to write criticism of government policies. However, tradition holds that by the mid-Xia Dynasty, the king had moved the "bangmu" in front of the palace, in order to control public criticism. During the notorious reign of King Li of Zhou, the king would monitor those who wrote on the "bangmu", and those who criticised the government would be killed. The practical use of the "bangmu" gradually diminished as a result of such practices.
In the Han Dynasty, the "bangmu" became merely a symbol of the government's responsibility to the people. These were erected near bridges, palaces, city gates and tombs; the name "huabiao" arose during this time. During the Southern and Northern Dynasties, the Liang Dynasty restored the institution of the "bangmu", by installing boxes next to the "bangmu". Those wishing to air grievances or to comment on government policies could post their writings in these boxes. However, by this time, the column itself was no longer treated as a bulletin board.
It is thought that, in their use on spirit roads, the "huabiao" replaced the ornate "que" towers, which were commonly used during the
Eastern Han Dynasty (25-220 AD).
Notable examples.
Some prominent examples of ancient "huabiao" that can still be seen today include the following.
In the early 20th century, the "huabiao", in a Modernist form, was incorporated into the developing vocabulary of a modern Chinese architectural style. Examples of these modernist re-interpretations of the "huabiao" can be seen in front of a variety of institutions built during that period, such as Tongji University in Shanghai, or the Sun Yat-sen Mausoleum in Nanjing.
More recently, a trend has developed in some parts of China to create (often enlarged) replicas of the classical "huabiao", though not often used in the classical context. For example, in Xinghai Square in Dalian, which was built in the 1990s, incorporates a single "huabiao" at its centre.
During the 2008 Summer Olympics opening ceremony, a pair of "huabiao"s were featured as part of the performance.

</doc>
<doc id="20218261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218261" title="Street punk">
Street punk

Street punk (alternatively spelled streetpunk) is a working class-based genre of punk rock which took shape in the early 1980s, partly as a rebellion against the perceived artistic pretensions of the first wave of British punk. Street punk emerged from the Oi! style, performed by bands such as Sham 69, Angelic Upstarts, Cockney Rejects, The Exploited, and Cock Sparrer. However, street punk continued beyond the confines of the original Oi! form. Street punks generally have a much more outlandish appearance than the working class or skinhead image cultivated by many Oi! groups. Street punks often have multi-coloured hair, mohawks, spike-encrusted leather vests, and clothing with political slogans or the names of punk bands. 
Characteristics.
Street punk music is characterized by single-note guitar lines and short solos. Unlike similar genres, such as hardcore punk, street punk bands often contain two guitarists, one of which plays guitar melodies while not singing. Street punk also makes frequent use of gang vocals and sing–along choruses, an aspect borrowed from the Oi! genre. Street punk lyrics often discuss topics including violence, drinking, drug use, partying, inner-city turmoil or personal relationships. Street punk bands sometimes express political viewpoints, typically of a left-wing variety, although some street punks eschew politics altogether in favor of a more hedonistic, nihilistic outlook.
Punk veteran Felix Havoc said:
History.
UK 82.
UK 82 (also known as "UK hardcore", "second wave punk", "real punk", or "No Future punk") took the existing punk sound and added the incessant, heavy drumbeats and distorted guitar sound of New Wave of British Heavy Metal bands, especially Motörhead. The term "UK 82" is taken from the title of a song by The Exploited. Cross-pollination existed between this era of British street punk and American hardcore punk. 
The lyrics of UK 82 bands tended to be much darker and more violent than the lyrics of earlier punk bands. They tended to focus on the possibilities of a nuclear holocaust, and the apocalypse, partially due to the military tension of the Cold War atmosphere. The other mainstay of the lyrics of the time was unemployment, and the policies of the Conservative Party government. Lyrics demonized the Conservative leader Margaret Thatcher in the same way that American hardcore punk bands did with the Ronald Reagan administration.
The three most prominent UK82 bands, according to Ian Glasper, are The Exploited, Discharge, and Charged GBH. The Exploited were controversial due to their violent lyrics, and were considered by Glasper to be "cartoon punks". Glasper wrote: "For many, The Exploited were the quintessential second wave punk band with their senses-searing high-speed outbursts against the system, and wild-eyed frontman Walter 'Wattie' Buchan's perfect red mohican." Discharge's early work proved to be enormously influential, providing the blueprint for an entire subgenre. Their later work, however, was decried as bad heavy metal.
D-beat.
D-beat (also known as "Discore" or "käng" (boot), in Sweden) was developed in the early 1980s by imitators of the band Discharge, for whom the genre is named. The first such group was The Varukers. The vocal content of D-beat tends towards shouted slogans. The style is distinct from its predecessors by its minimal lyrical content and greater proximity to heavy metal. It is closely associated with crust punk, which is a heavier, more complex variation. D-beat bands typically have anti-war, anarchist messages and closely follow the bleak nuclear war imagery of 1980s anarcho-punk bands. The style was particularly popular in Sweden, and was developed there by groups such as Anti Cimex, Mob 47,

</doc>
<doc id="20218276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218276" title="Jiřina">
Jiřina

Jiřina is a Czech given name for females which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20218278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218278" title="Richard Pearce (botanist)">
Richard Pearce (botanist)

Richard Pearce (c.1835 – 17 July 1868) was a Victorian plant collector, who introduced the tuberous begonia to England, which led to the development of the hybrid begonias grown today.
Early career.
Pearce was born at Stoke, Devonport in Devon. His first employment was with Pontey's nursery in Plymouth, where he stayed until about 1858, when he went to work at the nursery of James Veitch at Mount Radford, near Exeter.
Plant collecting.
James Veitch & Sons.
In February 1859, Pearce was sent by Veitch to South America for three years as a "collector of plants, seeds, land-shells and other objects of Natural History". Pearce travelled initially to Valparaíso, with instructions to collect in Chile and Patagonia. In particular, he was directed to collect seeds of "Libocedrus tetragona", at that time supposed to be the tree which produced the famous Alerce timber. His agreement also required him to locate and collect the Chilean Bellflower, "Lapageria rosea" and its white variety "L. alba", the Chile Pine (then known as "Araucaria imbricata") and other hardy trees and shrubs as well as to collect orchids and stove (hothouse) and greenhouse flowering plants.
Pearce successfully carried out his instructions, and as well as the plants he was contracted to collect, he also obtained and introduced "Prumnopitys elegans", "Podocarpus nubigenus", "Eucryphia glutinosa", several Bomareas, "Cavendishia bracteata", "Ourisia coccinea", "O. pearcei" and quantities of ferns, the Victorian fern craze then being at its height. His researches on this trip showed that the tree that produced Alerce timber was the Patagonian Cypress, "Fitzroya cupressoides" and not "Libocedrus tetragona" as had been previously thought.
During 1860 Pearce made many journeys to the mountains and the interior of Chile. He wrote of the scenery of that part of the Chilean Cordilleras which he explored:
"It is of the most charming description: gently undulating meadows covered with a carpet of short grass, placid lakes reflecting from their smooth surface the mountains around, foaming cataracts and gentle rivulets, deep gorges and frightful precipices, over which tumble numerous dark, picturesque waterfalls reaching the bottom in a cloud of spray. High rocky pinnacles and lofty peaks, surround one on every side. 
Early in 1862 Pearce left Chile and travelled north to Peru and Bolivia, before moving on to Ecuador in search of stove and greenhouse plants. From Cuenca he sent seeds of many plants, including "Befaria ledifolia", "Lisianthus magnificus", "Calceolaria ericoides", and several types of "Tacsonia", before returning from Guayaquil to England with six large Wardian cases of plants, amongst which was a handsome plant of the Marantaceae, which was named "Calathea veitchiana" in honour of his employers.
In January 1863, James Veitch again sent him to South America on another three year expedition "to collect plants, seeds and other objects of Natural History". He travelled initially to Lima, Peru, from where he was to travel to "such parts of South America as by written instructions to him should be determined. Particular attention was to be directed to the Province of Teukamon, should there be facilities for reaching that country." His travels took him through Peru, Ecuador and Bolivia, before eventually reaching Tucumán. Amongst the plants that he discovered on this expedition and introduced to English hot-houses were "Aphelandra nitens" and "Sanchezia nobilis". From Argentina, he collected "Nierembergia rivularis" and "N. veitchii", "Palava flexuosa", "Mutisia decurrens" and several varieties of Peperomia. On his return to La Paz, in November 1865 he also sent back to England a number of Hippeastrums, including "H. pardinum" and "H. leopoldii" and some samples of Eccremocarpus which were subsequently lost.
Pearce continued to explore the Andes; one of his final discoveries before returning to England was "Masdevallia veitchiana", which he discovered in Peru and successfully introduced to England.
Begonias.
Whilst exploring in the Andes, Pearce discovered three varieties of tuberous begonia, which were introduced to England, and became the fore-runners of the many varieties now available:
Pearce also brought back from Peru a species he named "Begonia rosiflora", but this has subsequently been considered to be the same as "B. veitchii", since the two forms differ only slightly, mainly in flower colour.
Later career and death.
On returning from La Paz in 1866, Pearce's contract with James Veitch & Sons was terminated and he returned to his home at Plymouth, where he married.
In 1867 he came to London where he was contracted by William Bull to travel back to South America in search of "Masdevallia veitchiana". On arrival in Panama he set off in search of a species of "Cypripedium" ("C. planifolium") which he had been advised was growing nearby. His search was in vain and following his return to Panama City, he was taken ill on 13 July, and died on 17 July 1867 (aged 33) of yellow fever transmitted by a mosquito's bite.
According to "Hortus Veitchii", ""as a botanical collector Pearce was one of the best, and his untimely death was a great loss to the world of horticulture"."

</doc>
<doc id="20218279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218279" title="List of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients of the Schnellboot service">
List of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients of the Schnellboot service

The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: "Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes") and its variants were the highest award in the military of the Third Reich. Recipients are grouped by grades of the Knight's Cross. During World War II, 23 German sailors and officers of the "Schnellboot" (Fast Attack Craft) service, which was a part of the "Kriegsmarine", received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Of these, 8 officers received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ("Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub").
The "Oberkommando der Wehrmacht" kept separate Knight's Cross lists, one for each of the three military branches, "Heer" (Army), "Kriegsmarine" (Navy), "Luftwaffe" (Air force) and for the "Waffen-SS". Within each of these lists a unique sequential number was assigned to each recipient. The same numbering paradigm was applied to the higher grades of the Knight's Cross, one list per grade.
Background.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment, of 1 September 1939 instituted the Iron Cross (), the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross (). Article 2 of the enactment mandated that the award of a higher class be preceded by the award of all preceding classes. As the war progressed, some of the recipients of the Knight's Cross distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment of 3 June 1940. In 1941, two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment of 28 September 1941 introduced the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords () and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds (). At the end of 1944 the final grade, the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds (), based on the enactment of 29 December 1944, became the final variant of the Knight's Cross authorized.
Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves.
The Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves was based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of 3 June 1940. The last officially announced number for the Oak Leaves was 843.
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross is based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of 1 September 1939 "Verordnung über die Erneuerung des Eisernen Kreuzes" (Regulation of the renewing of the Iron Cross).

</doc>
<doc id="20218283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218283" title="Edison Joseph">
Edison Joseph

" Adeseun Joseph"' (, born September 20, 1987) is a football player of Nigerian origin. He plays Striker.
History.
Joseph was born in the port city of Lagos, Nigeria.
In 2009, he played for Shaanxi Neo-China Chanba F.C. in the Chinese Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="20218287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218287" title="Asghar Talebnasab">
Asghar Talebnasab

Asghar Talebnasab (, born September 20, 1982) is an Iranian football player. He played for the IPL club PAS Hamedan as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20218295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218295" title="Sonny Thoss">
Sonny Thoss

Joachim Gunther "Sonny" Thoss (born on December 7, 1981 in Papua New Guinea) is a German-Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Alaska Aces of the PBA.

</doc>
<doc id="20218307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218307" title="Superman (Kingdom Come)">
Superman (Kingdom Come)

The Superman of "Kingdom Come" (usually referred to as Kingdom Come Superman) is a fictional character, an alternate version of Superman in the DC Comics universe. First introduced in "Kingdom Come" #1 (May 1996), Kingdom Come Superman was created by Mark Waid and Alex Ross.
Publication history.
The Superman of "Kingdom Come" first appeared as the main character of the 1996 Elseworlds miniseries "Kingdom Come" written by Mark Waid and Alex Ross with art by Ross, set in the future of the DC Universe. In 1999, "The Kingdom", a sequel to "Kingdom Come" written by Waid but without the involvement of Ross, was published. This series again featured this version of Superman as a central character. In "52" #52, the "Kingdom Come" universe is shown in the DC Multiverse as becoming, for the first time, a part of the mainstream DC continuity. Starting with "Justice Society of America" #9, "Kingdom Come" Superman appears as a member of the Justice Society of America. The character also received a solo one-shot, "Justice Society of America: Kingdom Come Special: Superman".
Fictional character biography.
"Kingdom Come".
Ten years prior to the start of the events of "Kingdom Come", the Joker floods the offices of the "Daily Planet" with Joker venom, killing all the staff except for Lois Lane, who finds a gas mask. Lois tries to attack the Joker, who fractures her skull in retaliation. Superman returns as Lois succumbs to her injuries and dies. As the Joker arrives for his trial, he is killed by a new superhero named Magog. In an instance of jury nullification, Magog is acquitted for his act. Superman is appalled by the public embracing a killer as a hero. Already disheartened at the death of Lois Lane, Kal-El abandons his life as Superman and retreats to his Fortress of Solitude, where he spends the next decade. During Superman's absence a team of new heroes, led by Magog, attempts to capture the Parasite, which results in the irradiation of the entire state of Kansas and much of the surrounding area when the Parasite kills Captain Atom. 
Coaxed back into action by Wonder Woman, Superman decides to return to Metropolis and re-form the Justice League. He manages to collect former heroes (including Green Lantern, the Flash, Hawkman, and Dick Grayson, now known as Red Robin, among others) and some of the newer heroes who had risen during his absence.
Superman's Justice League constructs a prison and gathers up new violent heroes who followed in the example of Magog. A battle soon breaks out between the imprisoned heroes, the Justice League, a third group of heroes led by Batman, and Lex Luthor's Mankind Liberation Front—which includes a mind-controlled Captain Marvel. 
As conditions worsen, the United Nations Secretary General Wyrmwood authorizes the deployment of three tactical nuclear warheads, hardened against certain metahuman powers. The battling heroes manage to stop two of the bombers, but the third dropped its warhead. Superman attempts to stop the bomb, but Captain Marvel frees himself from Luthor's control and sacrifices himself in Superman's place. The bomb goes off, killing many superhumans, many also survive.
In the aftermath of the battle, Superman helps fix the damage done to Kansas and resumes his identity as Clark Kent. He begins a romantic relationship with Wonder Woman, and at the end of "Kingdom Come", the two are expecting a child. 
"The Kingdom".
Twenty years after the events of "Kingdom Come", a survivor of the Kansas disaster is granted power by the Quintessence, who dub him Gog. The power drives him mad, and he takes out his anger on Superman, killing him and carving his "S" shield on the ground. He then travels a day backward in time and kills him again, and repeats the process.
As Gog travels closer to the modern DC universe, the Linear Men panic when they see that their ordered index of time is unraveling; Superman is dead in the 21st century, yet alive in the 853rd, and their instruments register no error. When Rip Hunter tries to stop Gog from killing Superman on the day his and Wonder Woman's child is born, Gog manages to steal the infant (named Jonathan), whom he plans to raise and name Magog.
Rip Hunter recruits Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman from the "Kingdom Come" era to stop Gog in 1998. Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman team up with their 'past selves' and battle Gog to a final confrontation in a restaurant outside of reality, where they use various weapons gathered from across Hypertime. During the fight, the future Wonder Woman reveals to the Superman of the present why Gog is after him, and Superman vows that the timeline of "Kingdom Come" will never happen in his universe. He strikes back at Gog, finishing the battle once and for all. As the heroes return to their proper places in time, Rip Hunter explains that there actually are alternate timelines, so the "Kingdom Come" reality still exists, but it will no longer be the future of the DC universe.
"Justice Society of America".
Superman enters New Earth through a dimensional portal created inadvertently by Starman when he opened a black hole to stop a raging mystical fire the Justice Society couldn't contain that was coming from the hole in the chest of the villain Goth. Starman creates a black hole and places Goth inside of it. Goth's powers harmlessly erupt in the black hole, causing a rip in the dimension which brought this Superman to New Earth.
The Kingdom Come Superman was depressed, as many of the heroes he knew from his timeline had died, including many of the present members of the JSA like Alan Scott. He attempts to escape from JSA headquarters and exerts his impressive power levels while doing so, including defeating Starman's gravity powers, which made Superman one hundred times heavier than normal. His escape was not to run from the JSA, but rather to save a young woman who was attempting suicide. He had heard her mumble about how the "world doesn't need her" from blocks away. Her depth of despair snaps him out of his own feelings of failing and loss. He responds, "Giving up never helped anyone miss, trust me on that." In saving her, he begins to save some of his own sense of self. Superman returns to the JSA headquarters and meets with the JSA, the Justice League, and his own younger counterpart, the Superman of New Earth, to determine his real identity and background.
Later when dealing with Japanese metahuman assassins trying to kill the new Judomaster, he shows he had little or no problem threatening the life of his opponents, an option the present Superman would never consider as he follows a strict code of ethics that abhors the use of deadly force.
Power Girl, unable to ignore the strong resemblance between the newly arrived Superman and her dead cousin Kal-L, the Superman of Earth-2, starts to form a bond with this version of Kal-El, who in turn is reminded of his fallen cousin, Kara Zor-El of Earth-22. The Kingdom Come Superman asks if it would be all right if they think of each other as family. Power Girl accepts.
"Thy Kingdom Come".
After Mr. America brings word of his run in with Gog to the JSA, the Earth-22 Superman then visits Metropolis, where he uses his listening powers to hear the various conversations around the city and his super vision to check for New Earth Superman. This leads him to the Daily Planet. While there he is almost overwhelmed by the sight of his friends and Lois Lane. He is interrupted by New Earth Superman, and they talk about Gog and the danger he represents. Superman demonstrates that he is more powerful than his younger counterpart when he hears something in Gotham City with his super-hearing that New Earth Superman can't. Arriving in Gotham City, they both confront Hercules, who just survived a battle with Gog; Hercules attacks and injures New Earth Superman, but is defeated by the Earth-22 Superman.
After returning to JSA headquarters he and the JSA are attacked by Gog, who impales a defeated Sandman on his power staff. While the JSA tries to mobilize an attack against Gog, Jakeem Thunder is knocked out before he can summon Thunderbolt to attack, and Cyclone is knocked out before she can use her powers to suffocate him. The team is at a disadvantage in the dark with only Dr. Mid-Nite seeing where Gog was attacking from. Then he and Hourman were knocked out. Finally Gog is attacked by Alan Scott, the Flash, Superman, Power Girl, Hawkman, and Wildcat. The fight eventually spills into the street where Power Girl knocks Gog down; he drops his staff. Mr. America passes it off to Amazing-Man, who absorbs its properties and takes the fight to Gog. The fight transfers to the African Congo, where Gog is attacked by a revived true Gog, who states that Williams has abused his own powers. The true Gog removed his powers from Williams, killing him, and reclaiming all of his own powers.
Superman continues to remain with the New Earth JSA, even becoming a current member of the team. Superman is suspicious of the revived David Reid, who has been revived as Magog. He is fearful that if Reid is now like the being he knew on Earth-22, a major danger will result to this Earth as well.
The "Daily Planet" is flooded with gas denser than air. Superman arrives and sees the gas is mixed with green gas; Superman is horrified and sees flashbacks of his world, where Joker's attack on the "Daily Planet" will occur ten years hence. The green gas is filled with kryptonite, which has no effect on Supermen from alternate universes. Superman becomes aware of the terrorists surrounding him, strikes, knocking the terrorists to the ground, and questions them. The terrorist reveals it was Lex Luthor who was behind this, using the kryptonite to lure Superman into a trap. Superman is about to kill the terrorists and is stopped by New Earth's Superman, who is wary of him. Superman feels sorrow and regret when he lashes out and accidentally hits New Earth's Superman. He apologizes but flees at the sound of New Earth's Lois Lane. Later, Lois Lane meets Superman in JSA headquarters, and asks him what happened to Lois Lane of Earth-22. Superman tells her the story of how his wife died by the Joker at the "Daily Planet".
Through Sandman, Superman and the JSA learn that Gog is on the verge of permanently rooting himself into the Earth's core, which would result in the planet's destruction if he ever leaves. Realizing their only choice is to kill Gog and remove his head, Superman and the JSA confront Gog, and with the help of Gog's disillusioned followers (Magog among them) achieve their goal. Superman has Starman open a Stargate to the Source Wall, where he places Gog's head. Superman then asks Starman, who has a map of the Multiverse on his costume, to send him back to Earth-22, to just before the bomb that destroyed Kansas went off. However, Superman arrives at the point shortly after Captain Marvel had set off a metahuman-destroying bomb over the Gulag, which corresponds to vol. 4 of the "Kingdom Come" miniseries. In the epilogue, Superman is shown to have survived 1000 years after his return, and as an old man, he watches the fly-pass of the future generation of superheroes.
Powers and abilities.
"Kingdom Come" Superman shares most of the powers of Superman, including vast superhuman strength, speed, stamina, durability, senses, intelligence, regeneration, invulnerability and longevity; super breath, heat vision, x-ray vision, and flight. "Kingdom Come" Superman is shown to be much more powerful than New Earth Superman. Like other extra-dimensional versions of Superman, he is immune to the Kryptonite of New Earth; in the original "Kingdom Come" mini-series, Lex Luthor explains that Superman has absorbed several more years' worth of solar energy, effectively erasing his Kryptonite vulnerability.

</doc>
<doc id="20218322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218322" title="Myodisc">
Myodisc

A myodisc or myopic disk is a corrective lens with a steep concave curvature that is fitted on the posterior surface of a carrier lens, or a high power single-vision lens specially ordered with slab-off the edge, creating a central prescription disc. These are used for correction of extremely high myopia often seen in low vision patients. Myodiscs are not a preferred lens type, but are the least expensive option among available lenses fitted for minus powers beyond -12 diopters. They are cheap to produce but cause scotoma, a ringed blind spot. As a result, most practitioners encourage using other lens styles. 
The myodisc, has been categorized as a lenticular lens. These are rarely prescribed sets of specialty lenses used in cases of extremely poor vision, or near blindness. The lenticular subrogate nomenclature has been extensively used in ophthalmology, requiring scope of context. Newer lens products can also be found using vague terminology. Low vision clinics in under-privileged cost-reducing centers list the myodisc for correction of high myopia. 
Another factor is spectacle frame selection. Large eyesize fashion frames are impractical. Lens box diagrams used in dispensing should consider edge thickness, reduced by smaller eyesizes, and oval/circular shapes. The bridge should be fitted to increase surface contact using rigid nose support if possible. Weight problems associated with these lenses are often not anticipated by untrained dispensaries, and end products are disappointing after inclusion of special instructions to fabricating labs.
In some cases, more aesthetic aspheric lens designs can be fitted, reducing Scotoma associated with lenticulars.

</doc>
<doc id="20218335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218335" title="North Western Area Campaign">
North Western Area Campaign

The North-Western Area Campaign was an air campaign fought between the Allied and Japanese air forces over northern Australia and the Netherlands East Indies (NEI) between 1942 and 1945. The campaign began with the Japanese bombing of Darwin on 19 February 1942 and continued until the end of the war.
While the Japanese attack on Darwin inflicted heavy damage on the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) base there, the Allies quickly recovered. Darwin was reinforced to meet the perceived threat of invasion and additional airfields were built to the south of the town. By October 1942 the RAAF's North-Western Area command had been built up to six squadrons, and was conducting daily attacks on Japanese positions in the NEI.
The Allied force continued to expand in 1943 with the arrival of United States Army Air Forces B-24 Liberator heavy bomber units, Australian and British Spitfire squadrons and Australian and Dutch medium bomber squadrons. The Spitfires inflicted substantial losses on Japanese raiders as North-Western Area stepped up its attacks on Japanese positions. RAAF Catalina flying boats also successfully laid mines in Japanese shipping routes.

</doc>
<doc id="20218341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218341" title="Pan American Nikkei Association">
Pan American Nikkei Association

The Pan American Nikkei Association, the English-language name of the "Asociación Panamericana Nikkei", is a multi-national, non-governmental organization with membership from Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia,-Japan-, Mexico, Paraguay, Peru, Dominican Republic, Uruguay,-Venezuela-, United States.
History.
In 1981, Mexican "Nikkei" organized the first convention;and its character was summarized in a slogan: "Lt us be better citizens in our continent" ("Seamos mejores ciudadanos en nuestro contiente"). Delegates from Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Peru and the United States joined the Mexican organizers for this initial meeting in Mexico City.
Presidents.
Presidents have a maximum term of two two-year term. 
Biennial conventions.
PANA conventions are an opportunity for the "nikkei" from North and South America to share and discuss issues and events with cultural, historical, political and economic and political consequences which transcend national borders. These formal gatherings foster an exchange of ideas and create a forum for personal interaction with delegates from different countries.
The biennial conventions are intended to helps promotes closer relationships amongst the Nikkei organizations in the Western Hemisphere. PANA convention are planned in alternating locations amongst North, Central and South American countries. 
The Conventions of the Association of Pan American Nikkei (COPANI) have enlarged across the span of time:

</doc>
<doc id="20218342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218342" title="Shaktinagar">
Shaktinagar

Shaktinagar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20218355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218355" title="Ichimura-za">
Ichimura-za

The was a major kabuki theatre in the Japanese capital of Edo (later, Tokyo), for much of the Edo period, and into the 20th century. It was first opened in 1634 and was run by members of the Ichimura family for much of the following nearly three centuries before it was destroyed by fire in 1932. It has not been rebuilt.
History.
The theatre which would later be known as the Ichimura-za was founded as the Murayama-za, by Murayama Matasaburō I in March 1634. After it was destroyed by fire in 1641 and rebuilt, the theatre, now controlled by Murayama's son-in-law Murata Kuroemon, with the help of Ichimura Uzaemon III, was renamed the Ichimura-za in 1643. Uzaemon became the official manager of the theatre in 1652, upon Kuroemon's death.
The Ichimura-za was destroyed by fire and rebuilt numerous times over the years, including during the famous 1657 "Furisode Fire" or "Great Fire of Meireki". Ichimura Uzaemon III retired to become a priest in 1664, leaving ten-year-old Ichimura Takenojō I as his successor as "zamoto" (manager) of the theatre. It was then renamed the "Ichimura-Takenojō-za" for roughly a decade. In 1670, the shogunate officially restricted the licensed theatres in the city to four; the Ichimura-Takenojō-za received a license along with the Nakamura-za, Morita-za and Yamamura-za. The Ichimura-za would be host to numerous premieres and significant historical events for the kabuki genre. March 1680 saw the very first performance of a "sayaate" scene, or love rivals' competition; Chikamatsu Monzaemon's masterpiece "The Battles of Coxinga", the first kabuki play derived from a bunraku (puppet) play to be performed in Edo, premiered simultaneously in 1717 at the Ichimura-za, and two other licensed theaters. "Sugawara Denju Tenarai Kagami", which remains today among the three most famous and popular kabuki plays, debuted at the Ichimura-za in 1747.
From 1784 to 1788, and again from 1793 to 1798, the Ichimura-za was forced to close due to financial difficulties, and gave its license temporarily to the Kiri-za. This circumstance was relatively common in the kabuki world, and was experienced by all of the licensed theaters at least once; in some cases, repeatedly. The Ichimura-za would be forced to declare bankruptcy and close again from 1815–1821, during which time its license traded hands several times, as other theaters too went bankrupt. It eventually reopened, under the management of Ichimura Uzaemon XII.
After the theatre was destroyed once again by fire in 1841, and forbidden by the government to be rebuilt in its old location in the Sakai-chō neighborhood, the Ichimura-za was reconstructed and reopened in the Asakusa Saruwaka-chō area. In 1871, Ichimura Uzaemon XIV, struggling with the theater's debts, relinquished his position as "zamoto", and gave control to Fukichi Mohei. Fukichi renamed the theater the Murayama-za once more, and named his 10-year-old son Murayama Matasaburō II as official "zamoto". The theatre would change management, and names, two more times: to Miyamoto-za in 1874 and Satsuma-za in 1875, before it was destroyed by fire yet again, and reopened in 1878 as the Ichimura-za once more. The theater was no longer controlled by the Ichimura family however, and was then managed by Ichikawa Benzō and Nakamura Zenshirō. The theater was then acquired in 1908 by entrepreneur Tamura Nariyoshi, marking the beginning of a brief golden age for the theater. Onoe Kikugorō VI and Nakamura Kichiemon I, the stars of the Ichimura-za productions, were extremely popular, and for ten years brought great success to the Ichimura-za. A fire destroyed the theater for the last time, on May 21, 1932. It was not rebuilt.

</doc>
<doc id="20218358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218358" title="Stahel">
Stahel

Stahel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20218377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218377" title="Lyndon B. Johnson judicial appointment controversies">
Lyndon B. Johnson judicial appointment controversies

During President Lyndon B. Johnson's presidency, federal judicial appointments played a central role. Johnson appointed two individuals to the Supreme Court of the United States in just over five years as president.
In 1965, Johnson nominated his friend, high-profile Washington, D.C. lawyer Abe Fortas, to the Supreme Court, and he was confirmed by the United States Senate. In 1967, Johnson nominated United States Solicitor General Thurgood Marshall to the Supreme Court, and he also was confirmed by the Senate. In 1968, however, Johnson made two failed nominations to the Supreme Court. He nominated Fortas to become Chief Justice of the Supreme Court to replace the retiring Earl Warren, and he nominated United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit judge Homer Thornberry to replace Fortas as Associate Justice. However, Johnson wound up withdrawing Fortas' nomination after his confirmation was filibustered by Sen. Robert Griffin (R-MI), and he was not able to make another Chief Justice nomination before his presidency ended. As a result, Warren continued as Chief Justice and Fortas as an Associate Justice, so Johnson also ended up withdrawing Thornberry's nomination. Ultimately, Johnson's successor, President Richard Nixon, appointed Warren E. Burger as Chief Justice of the United States. After Fortas resigned from the Supreme Court, Nixon appointed Harry Blackmun to fill Fortas' seat after his previous nominations of Clement Haynsworth and G. Harrold Carswell to that seat both were rejected by the United States Senate.
At the appellate level, Johnson formally nominated one person, Barefoot Sanders, for a federal appellate judgeship who was never confirmed. The United States Senate did not act on Sanders' nomination before Johnson's presidency ended, and Nixon did not renominate him. Johnson also considered other appeals court nominees whom he never wound up nominating.
List of failed appellate nominees.
In addition to Sanders, three Johnson nominees to district judgeships were not voted on by the United States Senate before Johnson's presidency ended: David Bress to the United States District Court for the District of Columbia; Cecil F. Poole to the United States District Court for the Northern District of California; and William Byrne to the United States District Court for the Central District of California. Johnson had nominated Sanders, Poole, Bress and Byrne during the 90th United States Congress, and he renominated the four in the 91st United States Congress, right before his presidency ended. However, three days after taking office, Nixon withdrew all four nominations. Nixon later wound up renominating Byrne to the same court in 1971, with Byrne quickly winning Senate confirmation. Poole was renominated by President Gerald Ford to a seat on the same court in 1976, and was quickly confirmed by the Senate.
In Nixon's first news conference after his inauguration, he explained his decision to withdraw the four nominations:
Others who were considered for nomination.
In 1964, Johnson considered nominating either noted civil rights lawyer Bernard Segal or William Thaddeus Coleman, Jr. to fill a vacancy on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit that had been created by the death of Herbert Funk Goodrich. Johnson personally approached Coleman regarding the nomination, but Coleman declined the offer. Johnson ultimately wound up nominating Abraham Lincoln Freedman to the seat, and he was confirmed quickly by the United States Senate.
In 1968, Johnson had wanted to nominate liberal Republican Sen. Thomas Kuchel to a newly created seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit after he lost re-election in his party's primary that year. However, because the judgeship was created while Kuchel was in the Senate, Kuchel was constitutionally barred from being appointed to that seat during the final months of his Senate term (and the final months of Johnson's presidency).

</doc>
<doc id="20218379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218379" title="Na Gathan">
Na Gathan

Na Gathan is a Scottish Gaelic Indie rock band from the Island of Skye.
History.
Na Gathan were formed in 2007 and first came to national attention in Scotland when they appeared in a piece on the Rapal music program on BBC2 that documented their involvement in organizing the Celtic Connections unofficial fringe held in Glasgow early in 2008. In the spring of 2008, the band won the Best New Gaelic Song contest held by BBC Radio nan Gàidheal, with their song "Ruigidh Sinn Màrs", and in the Autumn of 2008, the band again appeared on Rapal, this time as the featured band, performing four songs in front of a studio audience. In 2009, the band's second single, "Claigeann Damien Hirst," was shortlisted in the Nòs-ùr competition for a new song in a Celtic language or Scots. The song was inspired by the short story, "An Claigeann aig Damien Hirst", written by Maoilios Caimbeul and published by CLÀR as part of the Ùr-sgeul new Gaelic fiction series. The story was in turn a response to the work of art by Damien Hirst, "For the Love of God".
Membership.
The band was formed by Kathryn NicAoidh (drums), Tomaidh MacAilpein (bass), Greg MacThòmais (guitar) and Tim Armstrong (voice and keyboard). This Tim Armstrong is a different person from the Tim Armstrong from the punk band, Rancid. This Tim Armstrong founded the Gaelic punk band, Mill a h-Uile Rud. In 2008, Roddy Neithercut joined the band on keyboards. Roddy is also the lead singer in the Scottish thrash band, Atomgevitter. In 2009, Tomaidh left the band, and Greg took over on bass while Sìleas Landgraf joined the band on guitar. All the members are fluent Gaelic speakers. Kathryn is from Skye, Greg from Glasgow, Sìleas from Köln, Germany and Tim from Seattle. Roddy Neithercut left in 2011 to become a teacher of Gaelic.

</doc>
<doc id="20218386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218386" title="Dass Gregory Kolopis">
Dass Gregory Kolopis

Dass Gregory Kalopis (born February 1, 1977) is a former Malaysian football player from Kampung Kelawat, Kota Belud Sabah. He is former player of FAM special squad Olympic 2000 and Malaysia 1997 youth team.
Career.
Dass Gregory is one of the discovered young talents in Malaysian football during 1995. He was selected to represent the country during that year with other young talent like Gilbert Cassidy Gawing, Tengku Hazman Raja Hassan, and Chow Chee Weng in preparation for the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship.
He represented Malaysia and played a role as the captain of the team during the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship. After the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship, he with another three players was selected to train at Highbury with Arsenal. When he returned to Malaysia, he wasselected to join FAM special squad the Olympic 2000.
In 1998, Dass Gregory was selected to play for the Malaysia national team in Tiger Cup 1998. However Malaysia as the 1996 Tiger Cup runners-up was defeated by Singapore and Vietnam. Malaysia also held by the weakest team in the group, Laos.
After the failure at the 1998 Tiger Cup, Dass Gregory represented the Olympic 2000 (Malaysia U-23) for Olympic games qualification. Malaysia also failed during the qualification as they only finished third behind Japan and Hong Kong. After that, the Olympic 2000 was disbanded by FAM.
Dass then returned to Sabah and did not participate in any football matches. He is now working as a businessman and hoping to return as the fitness coach for Sabah FA.

</doc>
<doc id="20218392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218392" title="Sydney/Melbourne Express">
Sydney/Melbourne Express

The Sydney/Melbourne Express was an overnight intercapital passenger train service that operated between the Australia's largest two cities, Sydney and Melbourne, between August 1986 and November 1993. Operated jointly by State Rail Authority and V/Line the name depended on the direction of travel, with the train nicknamed the 'Sex' or 'Mex'.
The Sydney/Melbourne Express was formed to replace the "Spirit of Progress" and "Southern Aurora" to cut operating costs of the intercapital rail service with the first train operating on 2 August 1986. The last "Melbourne Express" ran on the night of 20 November 1993 ex Sydney, with the last "Sydney Express" running ex Melbourne on 21 November. It was replaced by an unnamed XPT service that continues today.
Operation.
The Sydney/Melbourne Express used the rolling stock of its two predecessor trains: including New South Wales and Victorian lounge, dining, buffet, sleeping and sitting carriages. A usual consist had two sleeping cars, being increased to three in busier periods. The timetable had the running time of the "Southern Aurora" with the stopping pattern of the "Spirit of Progress". When operations commenced the train operated as a 'first division' of sleeping cars followed by a 'second division' with the sitting cars, but was later altered to be a 17-vehicle-long train. A motorail wagon was also attached for the carriage of passengers' motor vehicles. The motive power was usually a single NSW 81 class or V/Line G class, with a second locomotive often attached for the steeper grades between Albury and Sydney. Onboard catering crew included a drink steward in the lounge, two cooks, a head waiter, three table waiters in the dining car, and four buffet staff. Four conductors were also employed to serve the sitting and sleeping car passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="20218404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218404" title="Wynne Arboleda">
Wynne Arboleda

Wynne Arboleda (born November 26, 1976) is a Filipino basketball player who currently plays for the Air21 Express in the Philippine Basketball Association. He is famous by his moniker "The Snatcher" in reference to his steals during games.
Player profile.
Arboleda first played for the Laguna Lakers in the MBA and later entered the PBA in 2000. He had short stints with the Pop Cola Panthers and the Tanduay Rhum Masters before joining the FedEx Express where his career really blossomed. He is known for his solid one-on-one defensive skills and is also a potent scorer while dishing out a good number of assists every game.
The Aklan-born guard was the last and only remaining member of the original 2002 FedEx team until the Express were sold to the Lina Group.
Career.
Career-highs:
On October 19, 2006, Wynne Arboleda dished off a career-best 18 assists behind his nine points and five rebounds to power Air21 to a rousing 127-110 win over Talk 'N Text in the 32nd Philippine Cup at the Ynares Center in Antipolo City.
On August 1, 2003, Arboleda had eight points and 7 steals, just one short of the league-high for locals shared by Johnny Abarrientos, Orly delos Santos, and Willie Generalao, during Air21’s 98-81 win against Novi Sad-Yugoslavia in the PBA Invitational Conference.
Fan incident.
On October 16, 2009, during his team's game against Smart Gilas at the Araneta Coliseum, specifically halfway in the second quarter, Arboleda was involved in an incident where he assaulted a paying spectator, Alain Katigbak, after the latter shouted profane words directed at him following his second flagrant foul against Gilas' Marnel "Mac" Baracael. As a result of the second flagrant foul, he was ejected from the court soon after.
Three days later, PBA Commissioner Sonny Barrios suspended him for the rest of the 2009-2010 season plus one game without pay, effective immediately, on top of any possible court case Katigbak would file against him as a result of the assault. The suspension is said to be the league's heaviest sanction to date. In addition, he was fined PhP20,000 for the two flagrant 1 fouls he committed, and was blacklisted from attending PBA games during the period of his suspension.
He changed his usual number 19 to 28.

</doc>
<doc id="20218414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218414" title="Public Prosecutor of Costa Rica">
Public Prosecutor of Costa Rica

The Public Ministry of Costa Rica has an accusatory function before the courts by the Criminal prosecutions and conducting preparatory research into the crimes of public action, work being done in conjunction with the Judicial Investigation Department.
However, when the law empowering the prior authorization of superior, the representative of the Public Prosecutor may request that dispensing with whole or in part for criminal prosecution, which is limited to one or more violations or any of the individuals involved in the incident.
This same body should intervene in the criminal enforcement proceedings in the civil defense of the victim when appropriate and to assume other duties which the law may require.
The current Attorney General is Francisco Dall'Anese.
History.
The Public Ministry of Costa Rica was created by law of the Republic, has not yet enshrined in the Constitution. The body that exists today, as auxiliary institution of the modern administration of justice, dating back thirty-four years to the date despite its essence as a republican institution is the product of over one hundred and fifty years of history and constitutional independent.
Initially, officials had to know a vast amount of material, all related to State interests, among which highlighted three main aspects: the hacendaria the assets and criminal. The Criminal Matters came to prevail over the others, because hacendaria remained in the area of the executive branch and as "criminal hacendario" in the Public Ministry. The matter "criminal hacendaria" was of little significance, since its laws unique to the administrative procedure reserved most of the activities, for its part, the art heritage was as a task for the Attorney General's Office in a relatively equal terms with private subject.
Organizational structure.
The Public Ministry is made up of different units and prosecutors' offices, including:
The Civil Defense Office of the Victim.
It is an office that supplies to victims of a crime the services of a legal representative, to help them obtain compensation for the damages they have suffered.
The Civil Defense Office of the Victim is under the Public Ministry and began its work on January 1, 1998, with the entry into force of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
The professional service provided by this office is absolutely free and is to assign the victim a lawyer, who performs the procedures necessary to enable the accused or who responds by him, paid the damages caused. This is called "civil action for damages." If the office finds that it did have enough resources to hire a legal representative who leads the particular case, carry out the formalities to pay for professional services received.
Office of Information and Guidance for Victim.
Created with the purpose of guiding the victim and reduce their problems during the development of the criminal proceedings. Seeks to provide assistance as quickly as possible, because if the aid is late, worsens the situation of persons injured and that is precisely what we are trying to avoid. This Office is also attached to the Public Ministry and is on the sixth floor of the Courts of the First Judicial Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20218426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218426" title="Dallas (name)">
Dallas (name)

Dallas is a surname of Scottish and English origin. When of Scottish origin the name is a habitational name, derived from Dallas near Forres. This place-name is likely derived from the Brittonic "dol" "meadow" + "gwas" "dwelling" (compare Gaelic "dail" + "fas"). This name also appears in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. When of English origin the name is a habitational name, derived from the Old English "dæl", or Old Norse "dalr" "valley" + "hus" "house". An example of such a derivation is Dalehouse in North Yorkshire. The name can also be a topographic name, derived in the same fashion.
"Dallas" is also used as a given name. The surname, when of Scottish origin, is considered by some to be a sept of Clan Mackintosh.

</doc>
<doc id="20218431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218431" title="Morane-Saulnier MS.138">
Morane-Saulnier MS.138

The Morane-Saulnier MS.138 was a military trainer aircraft produced in France in the late 1920s,
Design and operation.
The MS.138 was the major production version of a family that also included the MS.137 and MS.139. The design was derived from the MS.35, first flown during World War I, modernised to feature a wing that now included slight sweepback, and a redesigned fuselage of rounder cross-section. The basic layout remained the same, being a wire-braced, parasol-wing monoplane with open cockpits in tandem and fixed tailskid undercarriage. Construction was mostly of wood, with the exception of the metal wing spars, and all control surfaces were covered in fabric.
Most of the production run went to the "Aéronautique Militaire", with a few others built for the "Aéronavale" and for military use by Greece and Denmark. Thirty-three others were purchased by civilian operators in France. The type remained in French military service until 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="20218469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218469" title="J.R. Quiñahan">
J.R. Quiñahan

Joseph Ronald "J. R." Quiñahan (born May 8, 1984) is a Filipino professional basketball player of the Philippine Basketball Association. He was born on May 8, 1984 at Cebu City, Philippines. He currently plays for the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters. He is one half of Rain or Shine's Extra Rice, Inc. tandem, alongside Beau Belga.
Player Profile.
A 6-6 slotman who loves to use his heft to be effective inside the paint. He has a decent stroke from the outside and can consistently hit the open jumper from any distance.
Dubbed "Baby Shaq" in the Philippine Basketball League where he played for the Granny Goose team because of his physical resemblance to the Boston Celtics center Shaquille O'Neal. He was drafted in the first round of the 2007 PBA Draft by the Alaska Aces. He was then traded to the Air21 Express before the 2008-2009 season started. He had a short stint with the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters before finding his way back again to Air21. He played for the University of the Visayas Green Lancers during college where he helped his school team win several championships.
Statistics.
"Correct as of December 5, 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="20218482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218482" title="Implied license">
Implied license

An implied license is an unwritten license which permits a party (the licensee) to do something that would normally require the express permission of another party (the licensor). Implied licenses may arise by operation of law from actions by the licensor which lead the licensee to believe that it has the necessary permission. 
Implied licenses often arise where the licensee has purchased a physical embodiment of some intellectual property belonging to the licensor, or has paid for its creation, but has not obtained permission to use the intellectual property.
Implication: from surrounding circumstances or by operation of law?
In the United States, implied licenses are usually considered to be of two kinds: either they reflect the intention of the parties, which is inferred from a fact-specific inquiry into the surrounding circumstances, or else they are constructive agreements, in which case the intention of the parties is likely to be immaterial. In reality, there is a continuum between these kinds of implied license and it may be difficult to determine whether the license or contract in question is one which the law implies, irrespective of any protests by the unwilling licensor, or instead one inferred from the whole pattern of factual circumstances including the evidence of intent. 
In England, there is more of a tendency to regard all implied licenses as matters of fact and intent, while what would be a license implied by law in the US is treated under some other branch of substantive law such as the doctrine of non-derogation from grants.
In both countries, the exhaustion doctrine has the effect of creating an implied license to use a product sold under the "authority" of the patentee. It is controversial whether and to what extent contractual expedients can successfully limit the scope of such implied licenses.
Express license.
The opposite of an implied license is an "express license", which must be in writing, for some forms of intellectual property. Oral exclusive licenses were permitted, however, under US copyright law before 1978. Oral nonexclusive copyright licenses remain valid under US law. Patent licenses may be oral. Licenses under the Semiconductor Chip Protection Act must be in writing.

</doc>
<doc id="20218483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218483" title="Humphrey Lloyd (bishop)">
Humphrey Lloyd (bishop)

Humphrey Lloyd (July or August 1610 – 18 January 1689) was Bishop of Bangor from 1674 until 1689.
Life.
Lloyd was the third son of the vicar of Ruabon, Denbighshire, Wales, and was born in Trawsfynydd, Merioneth, Wales. He studied at the University of Oxford, matriculating from Jesus College in 1628 but graduating from Oriel College in 1630, becoming a fellow of Oriel, where he was a tutor for many years, in 1631. During the English Civil War, he was arrested in September 1642 for uttering Royalist views when the Parliamentarian Lord Lieutenant of Oxfordshire visited Oxford. In 1644, he was appointed prebend of Ampleforth by John Williams, the Archbishop of York, to whom Lloyd was chaplain, but the advance of the Scottish army prevented his installation at that time. Three years later, in 1647, the House of Lords ordered that he be installed as vicar of Ruabon on taking the National League and Covenant, but he would appear not to have stayed in post for long, if indeed he in fact was installed at this time. However, following the Restoration, Lloyd returned to Ruabon and was also installed as prebend of Ampleforth. He was awarded his DD degree in 1661, when he also became vicar of Northop. He was appointed as Dean of St Asaph in 1663, resigning as vicar of Northop in 1664.
In 1673, Lloyd was appointed Bishop of Bangor; in addition, he was permitted to be archdeacon of Bangor and of Anglesey, prebend of Ampleforth and vicar of Gresford (where he had recently succeeded his brother after leaving Ruabon). He was enthroned on 5 January 1674, by proxy. As bishop, he was hostile to dissent and to presbyterian missionaries. He died on 18 January 1689, and was buried in Bangor Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="20218484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218484" title="Homer Se">
Homer Se

Homer Se (born May 5, 1977 in Albay, Bicol) is a former Filipino professional basketball player of the Philippine Basketball Association. He was born on May 5, 1977 at Albay, Bicol, Philippines.
Player profile.
Se is a tough, physical, and aggressive player who never backs down. He is known for collecting excessive technical fouls due to his rough playing style. In 2008 he was ejected from a match with the Singapore Slingers for kicking opposing player Eric Sandrin in the head in response to Sandrin's trash-talking.
The 6-6 former stalwart of San Sebastian College - Recoletos failed to continue the Stags’ reign in the NCAA after his team lost to the Letran Knights.
He then join the Metropolitan Basketball Association, but the league was on its last remaining years before closing down permanently. After his short stint in the MBA, he then went to the Philippine Basketball Association and was picked by Red Bull as the 5th overall in 2002. He won a championship with Red Bull after being traded to Air21.
He was then traded to Ginebra alongside Cyrus Baguio in exchange for 2012 and 2013 future picks. At the end of the 2009 PBA Fiesta Conference, he was waived by the Gin Kings.
Se played for the Shopinas.com Clickers in an attempt to return to the PBA, but due to an injury, he had to retire once more.

</doc>
<doc id="20218495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218495" title="Curse of the Boulder Valley">
Curse of the Boulder Valley

The Curse of Boulder Valley, also known as Niwot's Curse, is attributed to Chief Niwot, who is said to have first stated it upon meeting the first white gold seekers to visit what is now known as the Boulder valley in Boulder County, Colorado. According to the chief, the curse of the valley was its breathtaking landscape.
Niwot was the leader of the Southern Arapaho. The visitors were encamped at what the Arapaho considered to be a sacred site, Valmont Butte, some 4 miles to the north east of what is now central Boulder, Colorado. Niwot and his closest elder braves, Bear Head and Many Whips, rode out to the site where the new arrivals had decided to camp, near the place where Boulder Creek releases from the Front Range onto the Great Plains. Some see the Curse as portentous of the settling of not only the Boulder Valley, but of the entire Western United States.
Europeans come to Boulder Valley.
In Fall of 1858, led by Captain Thomas Aikins, a group of gold prospectors, part of the Colorado Gold Rush, came from Fort St. Vrain, 30 miles east. As they made camp at the site where Boulder Creek rushes down from Nederland to meet Sunshine Creek and flow onto the Great Plains, Niwot and his braves met them.
They had ridden from Valmont Butte to greet them in peace, and to admonish them to leave.
Chief Niwot, it is said, as eloquent and capable as he was with the English language learned from his brother-in-law, his sister's husband, the trapper John Poisal, told the European erstwhile settlers the area was cursed. He is said to have told them the Curse of Boulder Valley is: “People seeing the beauty of this valley will want to stay, and their staying will be the undoing of the beauty.” And as the conversation heightened, he proceeded to threaten them with a visitation by War Party if they did not leave.
Battle Looms and a Dream brings initial peace.
Aikins and his men refused to leave and prepared to do battle against the Arapaho. At some point, Bear Head and Many Whips headed back to the Arapaho encampment to raise a War Party while the Chief lingered.
While they were away, Aikins and his group took steps to avoid hostilities by focusing personal attention on Chief Niwot, plying him with canned beans and salt pork, and getting him drunk. As a result, when Bear Head and Many Whips and the War Party returned, Niwot was advocating peace with the gold seeking Caucasians, yet tension reigned.
After three tense days, the threat of battle remained in the air. Then, abruptly, Niwot rode into Aikins’ camp once more. He had come to tell them one of his Arapaho shamans had received a dream from the Great Spirit the night before. In the dream, a flood covered the earth and swallowed the Arapaho people, while the whites survived. Niwot interpreted this to mean that gold seekers would flood his homeland, and he could do nothing to stop it. Peace with the whites, Niwot realized, was the only way his people would avoid being swept away by the flood.
Starting then, Niwot and his fellow chief Little Raven, who had recently welcomed white settlers to the Denver gold camps, maintained their stance of peaceful coexistence with the newly arrived Europeans, at least for the time being. He was killed shortly there after in the notorious Sand Creek massacre.

</doc>
<doc id="20218512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218512" title="Antoine Treuille de Beaulieu">
Antoine Treuille de Beaulieu

Antoine Hector Thésée Treuille de Beaulieu (7 May 1809 – 24 July 1885) was a French General of the 19th century, who developed the concept of rifled guns in the French Army. Following a request by Napoleon III in 1854 to develop such a weapon, the de Beaulieu system was adopted by the French Army. It consisted in cutting six grooves inside the bore of a muzzle-loading cannon, and to use shells equipped with six lugs which would engage the grooves. This development was paralleled by that of the Armstrong gun in Great Britain (adopted in 1858 by the British Army).
These developments led to the introduction of the La Hitte system in 1858, a fully integrated system of muzzle-loading rifled guns. The Beaulieu 4-pounder rifled field-gun was adopted by the French Army in 1858, where it replaced the canon-obusier de 12, a smoothbore cannon using shells which was much less accurate and shorter-ranged.
The Beaulieu rifled artillery was first used in Algeria, and then in the Franco-Austrian War in Italy in 1859.

</doc>
<doc id="20218514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218514" title="Marvin Cruz">
Marvin Cruz

Marvin L. Cruz (born December 31, 1985) is a Filipino Professional basketball player. He plays for the GlobalPort Batang Pier in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Player Profile.
This 5-foot-8 former UP Fighting Maroons is considered to be the league’s newest generation of point guards after the golden era of Johnny Abarrientos, Hector Calma, Dindo Pumaren, Ronnie Magsanoc, and Gerry Esplana, among others.
He is cat-quick and can easily finish a fastbreak. He was one of the premier amateur point guards in the country during his stint with UP in the UAAP.
Player Achievements.
RP-Harbour Team.
Cruz once played as starting point guard for the SEABA gold winner RP-Harbour Team.
He led the PBL in assists and made the Mythical Five, then he also made the All-Tournament team in the PBL Silver Cup while playing for Toyota Balintawak.
With UP Integrated School, he led his team to its first-ever UAAP juniors title in 2002, when he was also named Finals Most Valuable Player. He was also a Mythical Five member in the 69th UAAP season.

</doc>
<doc id="20218518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218518" title="2008–09 UEFA Futsal Cup">
2008–09 UEFA Futsal Cup

The 2009–10 UEFA Futsal Cup is the 23rd edition of Europe's premier club futsal tournament and the 8th edition under the current UEFA Futsal Cup format.
Final.
The 2009 UEFA Futsal Cup Final was played at 17:00 CET on 26 April 2009 at the Palace of Sports in Yekaterinburg, Russia. "InterMovistar" won the match 5–1.

</doc>
<doc id="20218519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218519" title="Liviu Cornel Babeș">
Liviu Cornel Babeș

Liviu Cornel Babeş (January 19, 1942 – March 2, 1989) was a Romanian electrician and painter who committed suicide by self-immolation as a political protest.
Death.
On March 2, 1989, Babeş died after setting himself on fire on the Bradu ski slope at Poiana Braşov as a sign of protest against the communist regime. He left the message: "„Stop Mörder! Braşov = Auschwitz”".
In Romania, according to Law no. 93, on June 3, 1997 Liviu Cornel Babeş was declared a hero.

</doc>
<doc id="20218534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218534" title="SM Quiapo">
SM Quiapo

SM Quiapo also known as "SM Clearance Outlet" and "SM Carriedo," is the very first SM Department Store opened in November 1972. The store is owned by Chinese-Filipino billionaire Henry Sy and currently being managed by the SM Group's foundation, SM Department Store Inc. The store has been renovated and relaunched as SM Clearance Store.
History.
In 1958, SM Quiapo was first established by Henry Sy along Carlos Palanca Street as a small shoe store. The old site was abandoned when it moved to its present site in November 1972 and was demolished in 1982. After moving to its present site, it expanded into a department store.

</doc>
<doc id="20218556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218556" title="Indianhead International School">
Indianhead International School

Indianhead International School is located in Howon-Dong, Uijeongbu, South Korea. It is adjacent to Dobongsan. It is run in conjunction with Shin Heung University. The incumbent chairman is Park Jeong-jin, and the ex-chairman of the school is a Korean representative Kang Sung-Jong, of the Democratic Party of South Korea. However, due to an embezzlement scandal involving the former chairman of the school, who channeled approximately 3.6 billion Korean Won of tuition to his personal use, the school's reputation plummeted and its budget was crippled. Several teachers have also complained implicitly that they have not been compensated for their work a number of years ago. Reports say that the teacher situation in regards to pay was resolved around 2007. A sizeable portion of the parents and the students left Indianhead International School, with some headed to Korean public schools while others, to other international schools in Korea.
During the academic year of 2010-11, Chairman Park Jeong-Jin, a relative of Rep. Kang Sung-Jong, declared that the school will move to Jeju Island and double the tuition fee; the Parent-Teacher Association responded with dissent both within and against the chairman and many parents have said that they will leave to other educational institutions. Although the consensus of the Parent-Teacher Association was that the school should continue to operate, many members in the PTA disagreed on the means by which the school should be restored to its normal function.
Most recently, Indianhead International School declined the opportunity to continue administering the SATs as they no longer have the personnel to staff the events. Since an international school is required to replace Indianhead International School as an SAT test center, the International Christian School in Uijeongbu was assigned as the new testing center in the region.
It is estimated that, due to lack of families contributing their tuition fees, the Indianhead International School will cease to function after the graduating class of 2012 or 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20218584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218584" title="Egay Billones">
Egay Billones

Ernesto Billiones or better known as Egay Billiones is a Filipino Professional basketball player of the Asean Basketball League. He last played for the Philippine Patriots.
Player Profile.
Egay Billones is a 5-9 playmaker who loves to penetrate the inside lane. Even with his size, he still manages to get the job done. He has good shooting outside the three-point zone and is also considered as one of the fastest players around.
He was dropped by the Gin Kings after picking him up in the 2000 PBA Draft. With no team in the PBA, Billones decided to play in the PBL for Blu Detergent. And in 2002, the Express signed him as rookie free agent.
He played for Air21 (FedEx) from 2002-2006 before being signed by Talk 'N Text in 2007. During the start of the 2008 PBA Fiesta Conference, he then returned to Air21 after the Phone Pals released him.
Player Achievements.
PBA career.
He delivered a career-high 23 points on May 28, 2008 as the Express defeated the Red Bull Barako, 119-100.
He erased his previous high 21 points, which he recorded twice – the first on April 4, 2003 with FedEx in a 95-93 loss to Alaska in the All-Filipino Cup and at Talk 'N Text in Game 5 of the 2007 PBA Fiesta Conference Finals against Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="20218593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218593" title="Darryl N. Johnson">
Darryl N. Johnson

Darryl Norman Johnson (born 1938) is a retired American statesman and career Foreign Service Officer who held many positions in American government around the world. Most recently and importantly he was the United States Ambassador to Thailand from 2001–2004. He now lives near Seattle, WA and is a lecturer at his undergraduate alma mater, the University of Washington, where he teaches in its Jackson School of International Studies.
Early life.
Mr. Johnson was born in Chicago, Illinois, in 1938, and grew up in suburban Seattle, Washington. He attended public schools there, graduating in 1956, and went on to attend the University of Puget Sound in Tacoma, and the University of Washington in Seattle, from which he received his BA (Cum Laude) in English Literature in 1960.
At the University of Washington he was a member of the academic honor societies for Military Science, Music and Literature, and was admitted to the Phi Beta Kappa Society in 1960. Following graduation he attended the University of Minnesota and Princeton University and worked several months at the Boeing Company in Seattle during and after his university studies. He served as a Peace Corps volunteer in Thailand (1962–65) before joining the Foreign Service.
Foreign Service Career.
Mr. Johnson had a long and distinguished career as a United States Foreign Service officer, with extensive experience in East European and Asian affairs. Among other assignments, he served on the Bosnia Task Force in Washington and as Charge of the U.S. Embassy in Sarajevo in April 1996. Before that, he was Senior Advisor to Madeline Albright, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, and before that, was Deputy Coordinator for Assistance to the New Independent States of the Former Soviet Union.
Mr. Johnson served as the first American Ambassador to the Republic of Lithuania, having arrived in Vilnius in September, 1991, to open the first post-World War II U.S. Mission in that country. Prior to that, he served as Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Warsaw, Poland (1988–91), and before that in Beijing (1984–87), Moscow (1974–77), Hong Kong (1969–73), and Bombay (1966–67). In addition, he served in the Department of State in Washington, D.C., as Officer-in-Charge of Yugoslav Affairs (1977–79), Officer-in-Charge of People's Republic of China Affairs (1979–81), as a Pearson Fellow in the Office of Senator Claiborne Pell (D-RI) (1981–82), and as Special Assistant to the Under Secretary for Political Affairs (1982–84). In the latter position, his responsibilities included East European, Soviet, and East Asian/Pacific Affairs during the tenure of the then Under Secretary, Lawrence Eagleburger.
Post-Foreign Service.
In his capacity as lecturer at the University of Washington, Ambassador Johnson teaches a class called "Practicing American Foreign Policy", and also advises undergraduate students on their Qualifying Papers, an extended writing assignment of approximately 25 pages that is required by the Jackson School for graduation. This teaching position at the University of Washington has previously been held by former U.S. diplomats Ronald Woods and Charles T. Cross. Ambassador Johnson also participates at various speaking engagements in the Seattle area, many of which relate to the Peace Corps and to the United States Foreign Service. He has published op-eds in several major newspapers regarding politics in Thailand, including the Los Angeles Times and the Seattle Times.
Personal.
Mr. Johnson is the father of one daughter and two sons. He is married to the former Kathleen Desa Forance. In addition to English he speaks Chinese (Mandarin), Polish, Russian, Thai and Lithuanian.

</doc>
<doc id="20218604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218604" title="Old Hat (horse)">
Old Hat (horse)

Old Hat (foaled in Kentucky in 1959), was an American Thoroughbred racing mare by Boston Doge out of Fine Feathers (1 win in 39 starts), whose sire was Double Jay. On his topline, Double Jay's grandsire was Black Toney. On his bottomline, it was Whisk Broom. Her sire, Boston Doge, was a multiple stakes winner. Out of 18 starts, he won 14.
Old Hat raced when the likes of Cicada, Summer Scandal (Co-champion older mare of 1966), Affectionately (no. 81 in the Blood-Horse magazine List of the Top 100 U.S. Racehorses of the 20th Century), Tosmah, Bowl of Flowers, and Venture were also competing. Among this company, she was voted Champion Female Handicap Horse by the Thoroughbred Racing Association in 1964, although the rival "Daily Racing Form" chose the three-year-old Tosmah. Old Hat won both awards in her best season, 1965, when she was six years old.
Old Hat raced for six years, starting in 80 races. She won 35 times, placed 18 times, and came in third 9 times. All in all, she was in the money 62 times.

</doc>
<doc id="20218616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218616" title="Pocholo Villanueva">
Pocholo Villanueva

Pocholo Iñigo Villanueva or better known as Cholo Villanueva (Born on November 24, 1982 Manila City, Metro Manila, Philippines) is a former Filipino Professional basketball player of the Philippine Basketball Association. He last played for the Burger King Whoppers. He was drafted thirteenth overall by the Air21 Express in the 2008 PBA Draft. From 2001-2007, he played for the De La Salle Green Archers in the UAAP
where he won a championship in 2007 and was named co-Finals MVP with JV Casio.
Barangay Ginebra traded Paul Artadi, Rafi Reavis, and the rights to 2009 8th pick overall Chris Timberlake for Enrico Villanueva, Rich Alvarez, Celino Cruz, and Paolo Bugia of Purefoods. Burger King acted as the conduit team, trading Cholo Villanueva to Ginebra and acquiring the rights to 2009 Rookie draft eighteenth pick Orlando Daroya and future picks. However, he was waived by the Gin Kings.

</doc>
<doc id="20218619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218619" title="Tom Glesby">
Tom Glesby

Thomas ("Tom") Glesby (born July 17, 1969 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a retired boxer, who represented Canada twice at the Summer Olympics: in 1988 and 1992. Nicknamed "The Bomb" he won the bronze medal in the men's heavyweight division (– 91 kg) at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="20218641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218641" title="Fellows in American Letters of the Library of Congress">
Fellows in American Letters of the Library of Congress

The Fellows in American Letters of the Library of Congress are awarded by the Library of Congress.
History.
In 1943, during his tenure as Librarian of Congress (1939–1944), poet Archibald MacLeish appointed poet Allen Tate as Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress (1941–1986, the predecessor of the current Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress). Tate, in turn, created an advisory panel of "Fellows in American Letters," which, over the course of the next few years, would include most of the pillars of English modernist literature. Among them were T. S. Eliot, W. H. Auden, Mark Van Doren, Van Wyck Brooks, Carl Sandburg, Willard Thorp, Ted Spencer, Conrad Aiken, and Karl Shapiro. Virtually all of the Fellows were friends of Tate, several of them his protégés.
In 1944, MacLeish stepped down as Librarian and Tate's term expired. MacLeish's successor, non-poet Luther H. Evans (1945–1953), relied on Tate to serve as an ongoing consultant and recommend candidates to fill the Poetry Consultant position. Among those Tate recommended to become Consultant were his old friend and colleague Robert Penn Warren (1944–1945), Louise Bogan (1945–1946), Shapiro (1946–1947), Robert Lowell (1947–1948), Léonie Adams (1948–1949), Elizabeth Bishop (1949–1950), and Aiken (1950–1952). Most Consultants accepted invitations to become Fellows when their terms expired.
The Fellows may be best known for the controversy created in 1948-1949 over the newly established Bollingen Prize which was to be awarded by the Library of Congress upon the recommendation of a jury consisting of a committee of the Fellows. Eliot and other renowned poets who felt a great debt to Ezra Pound planned to use the prize to build a momentum to free Pound, then confined in St. Elizabeths Hospital in Washington, where he had been confined after being charged with treason but declared mentally unfit to stand trial. 
Pound was awarded the prize for "The Pisan Cantos" in 1949, despite objections by juror Shapiro (who had originally favored the award but then withdrew his vote) over the anti-Semitic nature of many parts the work Pound began while incarcerated in an American military prison in Pisa. A firestorm followed, dividing the literary establishment. And the public outcry over the involvement of a public institution (the Library of Congress) in bestowing an award on a fascist sympathizer led Congress to end the Library's participation in the prize, which was subsequently awarded by the Yale University Library. The following year (1950), Yale awarded the prize to the thoroughly non-controversial Wallace Stevens.

</doc>
<doc id="20218645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218645" title="Jalwa Four 2 Ka 1">
Jalwa Four 2 Ka 1

Jalwa Four 2 Ka 1 is an Indian television reality dance show produced by Bonnie Jain Productions shown on the Indian General Entertainment Channel 9X.

</doc>
<doc id="20218661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218661" title="Doug Kramer">
Doug Kramer

Douglas R. "Doug" Kramer (born July 10, 1983) is a Filipino basketball player who currently plays for the San Miguel Beermen in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Player Achievements.
Career High.
Kramer set a career-high 19 rebounds along with 3 blocks and 16 points in Ateneo’s 98–88 win over University of the Philippines on August 20, 2006.
He also made the famous Game 1 winning shot of the Ateneo vs. UST championship on Sept. 22, 2006. His team won game 1 and ended up losing Games 2 and 3 to eventual champions, UST.
Kramer set a career high in rebounding twice while still with Air21 on his last 2 of 3 games with them before Rain or Shine traded for him. He had 16 points and 17 rebounds in 23 minutes against his former team, Ginebra on June 20, 2010. Then had 17 points and 17 rebounds in 33 minutes against Rain or Shine on July 4, 2010.
He then set his career high in points on his first game with Rain or Shine on Oct. 6, 2010 with 19 points.
On his 2nd conference with Rain or Shine, only behind import Hassan Adams, Kramer led his team both in scoring and rebounding among all locals at the end of eliminations on April 6, 2011 of the 2010–11 PBA Commissioners Cup. He averaged 9.56ppg and 7.67rpg in only 23.33 minutes per game. This would serve as his best conference averages in his PBA career.
After being traded to the Powerade Tigers from his former team Rain or Shine, Kramer at his 8th game as a Tiger, finally eclipsed his personal rebounding best of 17, to 20 rebounds against the Talk and Text Tropang Texters on Nov. 9, 2011. Although his team lost during that outing, it was his all time career best in rebounding since playing college, amateur, and professional basketball.
During the 2011-2012 PBA Philippine Cup 14-game Eliminations with the Powerade Tigers, Kramer registered a career best 9 double doubles (which included 6 straight double doubles), with conference highs of 18 points against Petron and career best 20 rebounds against Talk and Text. 
His 9 double doubles is 2nd most for the conference and is only behind Arwind Santos, who registered 11 double doubles. 
He averaged a double double during that All-Filipino conference with 11.64 points/game and 10.57 rebounds/game in 30.79 minutes/contest, all of which were career highs in averages. 
He was also 6th best in the league in 2-point field goal percentage with .516%.
Kramer was 3rd best in the league in Rebounding with his 10.57 rebounds/game and was 2nd best in total rebounds hauled down with 148. 
Kramer was the number 3 top scorer for the Powerade Tigers and number 1 rebounder for his team during that conference.
During the whole 2011–12 Philippine Cup 14-game eliminations, there were only 4 players who averaged double doubles. Arwind Santos, Harvey Carey, Jay R Reyes and Doug Kramer.
Rounding of the 2011–12 PBA Philippine Cup, Doug Kramer played 28 games for the Powerade team all the way to Game 5 of the Finals against the eventual champion team, Talk and Text, which beat them 4–1 in the series. Doug Kramer registered his all time career best in rebounds during that series, where he hauled down 23 boards during Game 3 of the Philippine Cup finals on Jan. 12, 2012. He would register a league best 18 double doubles during that conference and would also lead the league in total rebounds hauled down with 303, No. 1 in total offensive rebounds with 101, No. 1 in total defensive rebounds with 202, and would get a league 2nd best average with 10.82 rebounds/game for the 28 games that Powerade played.
He also averaged a career best 11.32 points/game, to average a double double throughout the whole 2011–12 Philippine Cup Conference.
Doug Kramer would eventually get traded on May 4, 2012 to the Barako Energy Cola team after playing 2 conferences with Powerade. He would get traded for Jondan Salvador and a 2nd round pick. It was the 2nd big trade for the Powerade team as rumors were swirling that they would trade their marquee players before selling their franchise to a new company. With four months left in his PBA contract, Barako signed him with a contract extension of three more years, which was rumored to be above 12 million pesos.
Doug would play his first game as a Barako Bull player on May 25, 2012.
He would eventually finish the 2011–12 PBA Season on a high note as he would end up having the 2nd best rebounding average of 8.77 on 48 games played, only behind Arwind Santos' 10.67. He would also end up with 279 total defensive rebounds for 2nd most in the league, 142 total offensive rebounds for 3rd most in league, and 3rd most in total rebounds with 421. He would also average a career best 9.54 points/game. And have the 2nd most double doubles for the season with 22. He capped off his career best season with nominations from the Most Improved Player award (his 2nd straight nomination) and Mythical 5 All-Defensive team. He would end up bagging the trophy for being part of the All-Defensive team for the 1st time in his career.
During the 2012–13 Philippine Cup conference 14-game eliminations, Doug was 2nd best in the rebounding average with 10.43 rebounds/game.
He would also have an impressive run of rebounding in Barakos last 3 of 4 games before getting eliminated. He got 21 rebounds against Petron on Nov. 24, 2012; 18 rebounds against Meralco on Nov. 30; and 22 rebounds against Ginebra on Dec 2, to average 20.3 rebounds/game for the 3 games.
Personal life.
Kramer is married to Filipina actress Cheska Garcia. They have three children together.
Statistics.
"Correct as of September 7, 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="20218705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218705" title="Operation Chrome Dome">
Operation Chrome Dome

Operation Chrome Dome, initiated in 1960, was one of several United States Air Force Cold-War era airborne global alert duties or programs in which B-52 Stratofortress strategic bomber aircraft armed with thermonuclear weapons were assigned targets in the Soviet Union on schedules guaranteeing that a substantial number of them were flying and fueled for their missions at any given time.
Background.
During the Cold War, General Thomas S. Power initiated a program whereby B-52s performed airborne alert duty under code names such as "Head Start", "Chrome Dome", "Hard Head", "Round Robin", and "Operation Giant Lance". Bombers loitered near points outside the Soviet Union to provide rapid first strike or retaliation capability in case of nuclear war.
Primary mission.
The missions in 1964 involved a B-52D that left Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas and flew across the United States to New England and headed out to the Atlantic Ocean. The aircraft refueled over the Atlantic heading north to and around Newfoundland. The bomber changed course and flew northwesterly over Baffin Bay towards Thule Air Base, Greenland. At this point it flew west across Queen Elizabeth Islands of Canada. Continuing to Alaska, it refueled over the Pacific Ocean again heading south-east and returned to Sheppard AFB.
By 1966, three separate missions were being flown - one East over the Atlantic and the Mediterranean, another north to Baffin Bay, and a third over Alaska.
Military units.
The following military units were involved:
Accidents.
The program was involved in the following nuclear-weapons accidents:
The Thule accident signaled the end of the program on January 22, 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20218731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218731" title="Parajet Skycar">
Parajet Skycar

The Parajet SkyCar is a flying car (or PAV), now in production, developed by British paramotor manufacturer Parajet. It utilises a paramotor and a ParaWing (a parafoil) attached to a road worthy vehicle to achieve sustained level flight. Should the engine fail, the vehicle can glide back to the ground. In the event of catastrophic wing failure, car connection system failure or mid-air collision, an emergency ballistic reserve parachute would be deployed. It requires three minutes to convert it from a car to an aircraft. The prototype model runs on biodiesel and is fully road-legal.
Skycar Expedition 2009.
An expedition team led by Neil Laughton set out on 15 January 2009 to fly and drive the SkyCar from London to Timbuktu. After the Civil Aviation Authority failed to grant permits in time due to confusion over how to categorise the SkyCar, the team decided to start flying the SkyCar from northern France, however this was also not possible without permission from the CAA and the skycar was driven to southern Spain. After a couple of embarrassing false starts Neil Laughton managed to fly across the Straits of Gibraltar damaging the car on landing in Morocco. After repairs the car was driven to Mauritania where the team made a couple of short flights. Although the car was designed for two people it never flew successfully with more than a driver / pilot. The flying portion of the expedition eventually ended when inventor Gilo Cardozo crashed into a tree in the sparsely vegetated desert while attempting to take-off for a third flight. The team deemed the expedition successfully completed on 25 February 2009 despite flying only a tiny fraction of the 9000 km and returned the Skycar to Wiltshire, England.
Parajet are taking deposits for the public to purchase the production version of the vehicle for £50,000 each. Customers are able to order and reserve one of the first 50 SkyCars to leave the production line, planned for late 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20218766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218766" title="José Castillo (athlete)">
José Castillo (athlete)

Juan José Castillo Izarra (born March 13, 1968) is a retired male long-distance runner from Peru.
Career.
He is a one-time winner of the Buenos Aires Marathon (1997). He represented his native South American country in the men's 10,000 metres at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20218770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218770" title="Bug Sessions">
Bug Sessions

Bug Sessions is a collection of three EPs by indie rock band Saves the Day. The EPs consist primarily of acoustic renditions of the band's songs.
History.
The first "Bug Sessions" volume was announced in February 2006, and was sold on the band's 2006 tour dates with Moneen and Circa Survive as well as on the 2006 Warped Tour. The EPs were originally intended to be full-band acoustic studio recordings, however the first volume was the only one to follow this format. The tracks were recorded at the band's studio, The Electric Ladybug. All songs are played on the acoustic guitar, and some also include drums and bass.
Volumes 2 and 3 of the "Bug Sessions" were recorded on the band's acoustic tour in fall 2007 with only lead singer/guitarist Chris Conley and then-guitarist David Soloway. The two volumes were released simultaneously in 2008. All tracks on the two volumes are acoustic-only.
Only a limited number of all 3 volumes were made available and sold exclusively on the band's tour dates. In early 2009, the "Bug Sessions" compilation of all three EPs was released on the iTunes music service.

</doc>
<doc id="20218844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218844" title="Rubén Aguiar">
Rubén Aguiar

Rubén Humberto Aguiar (born July 21, 1956) is a retired male marathon runner from Argentina, who won the first edition of the Buenos Aires Marathon in 1984. He represented his native country in the men's marathon at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20218845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218845" title="Stick Men (punk band)">
Stick Men (punk band)

Stick Men were a punk/new wave/no wave band from Philadelphia. Fronted by guitarist/painter/sculptor Peter L. Baker and keyboardist B.A.L. Stack, the earliest Stick Men lineup formed in 1977 and went through various member changes before settling on the group that would tour and record together in the early 1980s, featuring Chuck Mattern Jr. on vocals, saxophone, trumpet and electronics, Bill Bradfield on bass guitar, and Jim Meneses on drums/percussion. In 1982 the band released their debut LP "This is the Master Brew," followed by the EP "Get on Board the Stick Men" in 1983.
History.
Peter L. Baker returned to Philadelphia after graduating from the Columbus College of Art and Design in 1977. In addition to working in the fields of avant-garde visual and performance art, Baker formed a musical group, The Undertakers of Love, with synthesizer work by Charles Cohen, keyboard from Jeff Cain, the bass playing of Art Noel, and poet J.W. McCullough joining Baker on guitars. The group performed in local bars before Baker met Beth "B.A.L." Stack in 1978. Baker and Stack played as the hollow-body guitar duo Blu Beth and the Gentleman Caller in Philadelphia's art gallery scene. Baker's two groups eventually merged with his performance art to form the Stick Men, shedding some members and by 1980 had enlisted George Shirley on drums, Michael McGettigan on drum kit and bass, and Charles Mattern Jr. on trumpet, sax, and homemade drum devices. This new group entered Philly's punk rock scene and played gigs with The Contortions and Johnny Thunders, among others. For a time, West Philly bassist Lance Walker, who'd worked with Patti LaBelle and Buff, introduced a true touch of funk to the band. 
In 1981 Shirley was replaced by funk bassist Billy Bradfield and McGettigan was swapped for percussionist Jim Meneses, forming the group's characteristic sound that mixed danceable disco and funk rhythms with less predictable art rock time changes and frenetic punk energy that draws comparisons to James Chance and the Contortions and The Minutemen. The Stick Men gained wider notoriety with the release of their debut 1982 album and opened for many famous musical acts including Gang of Four, The Slits, Lords of the New Church, Oingo Boingo, The Psychedelic Furs, Bush Tetras, The Pop Group, Nina Hagen and Wall of Voodoo. After extensive touring in the northeast U.S., one tour to the Midwest and the release of their second record, the Stick Men disbanded.
Aftermath.
Peter L. Baker died in 1994 and a retrospective of the Stick Men's recordings was released in 2001. The CD, titled "Insatiable," contains the entire Stick Men recorded output as well as songs from live radio broadcasts and a 20 minute live video of the band. Percussionist Jim Meneses is the only member reputed to be musically active, touring the world playing free improvisation.

</doc>
<doc id="20218892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218892" title="History of printing in Poland">
History of printing in Poland

The history of printing in Poland began in the late 15th century, when following the creation of the Gutenberg Bible in 1455, printers from Western Europe spread the new craft abroad.
The Polish capital at the time was in Kraków, where scholars, artists and merchants from Western Europe had already been present. Other cities which were part of the Polish kingdom followed later. Cities of northern Polish province of Royal Prussia., like the Hanseatic League city of Danzig (Gdańsk), had established printing houses early on.
The first printing shop was possibly opened in Kraków by Augsburg-based Günther Zainer in 1465. In 1491, Schweipolt Fiol printed the first book in Cyrillic script.
The next recorded printing shop was a Dutch one known by the name "Typographus Sermonum Papae Leonis I." that might have been established in 1473 on Polish territory, but its exact location has yet to be determined.
The oldest known print from Poland is considered to be the Almanach cracoviense ad annum 1474 (Cracovian Almanac for the Year 1474) which is a single-sheet astronomical wall calendar for the year 1474 printed and published in 1473 by Kasper Straube. The only surviving copy of "Almanach cracoviense" measures 37 cm by 26.2 cm, and is in the collections of the Jagiellonian University.
The first print written in Polish language is believed to be "Hortulus Animae polonice", a Polish version of Hortulus Animae written by Biernat of Lublin, printed and published in 1513 by Florian Ungler in Kraków. The last known copy was lost during World War II.
One of the first commercial printers in Poland is considered to be Johann Haller who worked in Kraków in the early 16th century (since 1505) who in 1509 printed Nicolaus Copernicus "Theophilacti Scolastici Simocatti Epistole morales, rurales at amatoriae, interpretatione latina".
Other well known early printers in Poland are:
In the late 16th century there were 7 printing shops in Kraków, and in 1610 10 printing shops. A decline started in around 1615. Due to this fact in 1650 there remained only 3 secular printing shops, accompanied by a few ecclesial ones.
Only one printing shop is recorded in Warszawa in 1707, owned by the Piarists. This situation improved during the realm of the last Polish king, Stanisław August Poniatowski, that marked political and cultural revival in Poland. Unfortunately his attempts to reform the state led to the Partitions of Poland carried out by Prussia, Austria and Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="20218902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218902" title="Dan Kogai">
Dan Kogai

Background.
Kogai went to middle school, but he had problems with formal education and skipped classes. Immediately after he graduated from middle school at the age of 16 he passed the high-school equivalence exam, and up until age 18 he spent his time teaching senior students as a tutor and cram school teacher. He then entered the University of California, Berkeley.
During his fourth year at university, his family's home burnt down, and he left school. He made a living with the computer skills he had learnt at university, and at age 29 was headhunted by Takafumi Horie to join Livin' On the Edge (now Livedoor).

</doc>
<doc id="20218912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218912" title="South Korea national football team results – 1940s">
South Korea national football team results – 1940s

This is a list of football games played by the Korea Republic national football team between 1945 and 1949. Korea Republic's score is shown first.

</doc>
<doc id="20218937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218937" title="Battle of Katole">
Battle of Katole

The Battle of Katole was a military engagement between forces of Portuguese Angola and the Kingdom of Matamba. The battle took place on at Katole in what is today Angola. It was one of the largest military engagements anywhere in the world during the 17th century.
Prelude to Battle.
The kingdom of Matamba, also known as the kingdom of Matamba and Ndongo, lay in what is today eastern Angola. It was created by the warrior queen Nzinga via her 1631 conquest of the kingdom from its BaKongo vassal. Throughout the mid-17th century, Queen Nzinga fought a guerilla war against the Portuguese colony of Angola to regain her throne and protect her people, the Mbundu, from the slave trade. By 1657, the queen had regained her traditional capital and ended the wars with Angola in her favor. After her death in 1663, the kingdom she fought so hard to establish devolved into civil war. The war did not end until 1680 when Francisco Guterres Ngola kannini, Njinga's nephew, defeated one of his aunt's former commanders and became king.
Casus Belli.
In 1681, King Francisco invaded the neighboring Imbangala kingdom of Kassanje to place his own candidate on the throne. While on campaign, he robbed the pombeiros, Afro-Portuguese slaving agents, and beheaded the kingdom's ruler. This angered the Portuguese, who had never been comfortable with an independent Matamba in the first place. The Portuguese immediately sent the victor of Mbwila, Luís Lopes de Sequeira, to crush the kingdom once and for all.
The battle.
On September 4, 1681, Sequeira arrived at Katole, which was but three day's march from the royal kabasa or palace. He came with over ten thousand infantry and even a small complement of horses (virtually unheard of in Central African warfare). He was met by King Francisco's forces sometime before dawn that day. In the course of the fighting, both Sequeira and Francisco were killed. Matamba's forces retreated, and the Portuguese were able to claim at least a tactical victory by holding their position.
Aftermath.
Despite taking the field, which had never been an objective in the first place, the Portuguese losses were such that the invasion of Matamba's capital was called off. After encamping at Katole for nearly thirty days, the Portuguese and their African allies retired to Mbaka under the command of João António de Brito.

</doc>
<doc id="20218949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218949" title="Italian battleship Regina Margherita">
Italian battleship Regina Margherita

Regina Margherita was the lead ship of her class of pre-dreadnought battleships built for the Italian "Regia Marina" between 1898 and 1904. She had one sister ship, "Benedetto Brin". "Regina Margherita" saw action in the Italo-Turkish War of 1911–1912. By the outbreak of World War I in 1914, the battleship had been reduced to a training ship. She struck two naval mines on the night of 11–12 December 1916 while steaming off Valona. She sank with heavy loss of life: 675 men were killed, and only 270 survived.
Design.
"Regina Margherita" was long overall and had a beam of and a draft of . She displaced at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two triple expansion engines. Steam for the engines was provided by twenty-eight coal-fired Niclausse boilers. The ship's propulsion system provided a top speed of and a range of approximately at . "Regina Margherita" had a crew of 812 officers and enlisted men.
As built, the ship was armed with four 40-caliber guns placed in two twin gun turrets, one forward and one aft. The ship was also equipped with four 40-cal. guns in casemates in the superstructure, and twelve 40-cal. guns, also in casemates in the side of the hull. Close-range defense against torpedo boats was provided by a battery of twenty 40-cal. guns. The ship also carried a pair of guns, two guns, and two Maxim guns. "Regina Margherita" was also equipped with four torpedo tubes placed in the hull below the waterline. "Regina Margherita" was protected with Harvey steel manufactured in Terni. The main belt was thick, and the deck was thick. The conning tower and the casemate guns were also protected by 6 in of armor plating. The main battery guns had stronger armor protection, at thick.
Service.
"Regina Margherita" laid down at the La Spezia shipyard on 20 November 1898. She was launched on 30 May 1901 in the presence of King Victor Emmanuel, and completed three years later; she was commissioned into the Italian fleet on 14 April 1904. Work progressed slowly on the ship in large part due to non-delivery of material, particularly the heavy armor. In July, the ship conducted her speed trials in the Gulf of Genoa. Following her completion, she was assigned to the Mediterranean Squadron. The ships in the squadron were typically only on active duty for seven months of the year for training; the rest of the year they were placed in reserve. In 1907, the Mediterranean Squadron consisted of "Regina Margherita", her sister "Benedetto Brin", and three of the s. The ships participated in the annual maneuvers in late September and early October as the flagship of Vice Admiral Alfonso di Brocchetti.
On 29 September 1911, Italy declared war on the Ottoman Empire in order to seize Libya. During the Italo-Turkish War "Regina Mergherita" was assigned to the 1st Division of the 2nd Squadron, along with her sister and the two s. She joined the squadron on 5 October, a week after the war started. On 13 April 1912, "Regina Margherita" and the rest of the Squadron sailed from Tobruk to the Aegean Sea to rendezvous with the 1st Squadron. The two squadrons met off Stampalia on 17 April. The next day, the fleet steamed into the northern Aegean and cut several Turkish submarine cables. Most of the ships of the Italian fleet then bombarded the fortresses protecting the Dardanelles in an unsuccessful attempt to lure out the Turkish fleet. While they were doing this, "Regina Margherita", "Benedetto Brin", and two torpedo boats were detached to cut additional cables between Rhodes and Marmaris. On 18 May, "Regina Margherita" bombarded Marmaris. While debarking troops on the island of Scarpanto in the Aegean, the ship's anchor chain accidentally slipped loose and killed the ship's executive officer, Captain Proli; five other men were injured in the accident. In July, "Regina Margherita" and the rest of the Division had withdrawn to Italy to replace worn-out gun barrels, along with other repairs. In 1912, the ship had four 3-inch guns added, increasing her battery from 20 to 24 pieces.
Italy declared neutrality after the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, but by July 1915, the Triple Entente had convinced the Italians to enter the war against the Central Powers. The primary naval opponent for the duration of the war was the Austro-Hungarian Navy; the Naval Chief of Staff, Admiral Paolo Thaon di Revel, planned a distant blockade with the battle fleet, while smaller vessels, such as the MAS boats conducted raids. The heavy ships of the Italian fleet would be preserved for a potential major battle in the Austro-Hungarian fleet should emerge from its bases. By this time, "Regina Margherita" was long-since obsolescent, and was reduced to a training ship in the 3rd Division, along with her sister ship. On the night of 11–12 December 1916, while sailing from the port of Valona in heavy sea conditions, she struck two mines laid by the German submarine and blew up. There were 270 survivors and 675 men perished. The ship's loss was not announced until January 1917. Lieutenant General Oreste Bandini, the commander of the Italian Albania Expeditionary Corps, was on the ship and was among those who were killed in the sinking.

</doc>
<doc id="20218951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218951" title="Italian battleship Benedetto Brin">
Italian battleship Benedetto Brin

Benedetto Brin was a pre-dreadnought battleship built for the Italian "Regia Marina" between 1899 and 1905. The ship was armed with a main battery of four guns and was capable of a top speed of . "Benedetto Brin" saw combat in the Italo-Turkish War of 1911–1912, including the bombardment of Tripoli in October 1911. She was destroyed by an internal explosion during World War I in September 1915, which killed over 450 of the ship's crew.
Design.
"Benedetto Brin" was long overall and had a beam of and a draft of . She displaced at full combat load. Her propulsion system consisted of two triple expansion engines. Steam for the engines was provided by twenty-eight coal-fired Belleville boilers. The ship's propulsion system provided a top speed of and a range of approximately at . "Benedetto Brin" had a crew of 812 officers and enlisted men.
As built, the ship was armed with four 40-caliber guns placed in two twin gun turrets, one forward and one aft. The ship was also equipped with four 40-cal. guns in casemates in the superstructure, and twelve 40-cal. guns, also in casemates in the side of the hull. Close-range defense against torpedo boats was provided by a battery of twenty 40-cal. guns. The ship also carried a pair of guns, two guns, and two Maxim guns. "Benedetto Brin" was also equipped with four torpedo tubes placed in the hull below the waterline. The ship was protected with Harvey steel manufactured in Terni. The main belt was thick, and the deck was thick. The conning tower and the casemate guns were also protected by 6 in of armor plating. The main battery guns had stronger armor protection, at thick.
Service.
The ship was built by the Castellammare di Stabia shipyard. Her keel was laid down on 30 January 1899, and the completed hull was launched on 7 November 1901 in the presence of the King and Queen of Italy, government officials, and the whole Italian Mediterranean squadron. Fitting out work lasted for the next four years, and she was completed on 1 September 1905. It took so long primarily because of non-delivery of material, particularly the heavy armor. After she entered active service, the ship was assigned to the Mediterranean Squadron. The Squadron was usually only activated for seven months of the year in peacetime, which was occupied with training maneuvers, and the rest of the year the ships were placed in reserve. In 1907, the Mediterranean Squadron consisted of "Benedetto Brin", her sister "Regina Margherita", and three of the s. The ships participated in the annual maneuvers in late September and early October, under the command of Vice Admiral Alfonso di Brocchetti. "Benedetto Brin" remained in the active duty squadron through 1910, by which time the fourth "Regina Elena"-class ship was completed, bringing the total number of front-line battleships to six.
Italo-Turkish War.
On 29 September 1911, Italy declared war on the Ottoman Empire in order to seize Libya. During the Italo-Turkish War "Benedetto Brin" was assigned to the 1st Division of the 2nd Squadron, along with her sister and the two s. "Benedetto Brin" served as the squadron flagship of Vice Admiral Farvelli. In early October, she arrived off Tripoli to relieve "Roma" on blockade duty outside the port. On 3–4 October, she participated in the bombardment of the fortifications protecting Tripoli. The Italian fleet used their medium-caliber guns to preserve their ammunition for the heavy guns. Turkish counter-battery fire was completely ineffective. 
On 13 April 1912, "Benedetto Brin" and the rest of the Squadron sailed from Tobruk to the Aegean Sea to rendezvous with the 1st Squadron. The two squadrons met off Stampalia on 17 April. The next day, the fleet steamed into the northern Aegean and cut several Turkish submarine telegraph cables. Most of the ships of the Italian fleet then bombarded the fortresses protecting the Dardanelles in an unsuccessful attempt to lure out the Turkish fleet. While they were doing this, "Regina Margherita", "Benedetto Brin", and two torpedo boats were detached to cut additional cables between Rhodes and Marmaris. In July, "Benedetto Brin" and the rest of the Division had withdrawn to Italy to replace worn-out gun barrels, along with other repairs. Also in 1912, the ship had four 3-inch guns added, increasing her battery from 20 to 24 pieces.
World War I.
Italy declared neutrality after the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, but by July 1915, the Triple Entente had convinced the Italians to enter the war against the Central Powers. The primary naval opponent for the duration of the war was the Austro-Hungarian Navy; the Naval Chief of Staff, Admiral Paolo Thaon di Revel, planned a distant blockade with the battle fleet, while smaller vessels, such as the MAS boats conducted raids. The heavy ships of the Italian fleet would be preserved for a potential major battle in the Austro-Hungarian fleet should emerge from its bases. As a result, the ship's career during the war was limited. In addition to the cautious Italian strategy, "Benedetto Brin"—long-since obsolescent—was reduced to a training ship in the 3rd Division, along with her sister ship. On 27 September 1915, "Benedetto Brin" was destroyed in a huge explosion in the harbor of Brindisi, the result of Austro-Hungarian sabotage. A total of 8 officers and 379 ratings survived but 454 members of the crew, including Rear-Admiral Rubin de Cervin died. Two of the ship's 12-inch guns were salvaged from the wreck and were reused as coastal guns protecting Venice.

</doc>
<doc id="20218968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218968" title="Doreen Waddell">
Doreen Waddell

Doreen Tess Waddell (July 10, 1965 – March 1, 2002), also known by her stage name Do'reen, was a singer who worked with Soul II Soul, The KLF and the Phunklawds.
Waddell sang lead vocals on Soul II Soul's "Feel Free" and "Happiness (Dub)", and backing vocals on other tracks, on the album "Club Classics Vol. One". She sang backing vocals on the KLF's "Justified And Ancient (All Bound For Mu Mu Land)". Her solo career included a collaboration with D'Influence on "Ain't Gonna Walk In Your Shadow No More".
Waddell was killed on March 1, 2002 in Worthing. After being challenged by staff at a Tesco store on suspicion of shoplifting goods, including children's items, she ran through a rear fire exit and attempted to cross the A27 nearby. She was hit by three vehicles, dying instantly at the age of 36. She left a four-year-old son.

</doc>
<doc id="20218991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218991" title="Typhoon Ora">
Typhoon Ora

Typhoon Ora may refer to seven tropical cyclones in the northwest Pacific Ocean:

</doc>
<doc id="20219003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219003" title="Canon obusier">
Canon obusier

The Canon-obusier (literally "Shell-gun cannon", "gun-howitzer") was a type of cannon developed by France in the 1850s. The canon-obusier was a smoothbore cannon using either shells, balls or canisters, and was therefore a vast improvement over previous cannon firing metal balls, such as the Gribeauval system. 
The very first canon-obusiers were naval shell guns, invented in 1823 by Paixhans and introduced in the French Navy in 1842. This invention was at the origin of the development of the Dahlgren gun in the United States in 1849.
The French Army introduced the canon-obusier de 12 in 1853. This type of the canon-obusier, commonly called the "12-pounder Napoleon Model 1857", was the primary cannon used in the American Civil War. Over 1,100 such Napoleons were manufactured by the North, and 600 by the South.
The canon-obusier de 12 was following rifled cannons which had been introduced by Treuille de Beaulieu system in 1858. 
The term "Canon-obusier" remained in use beyond World War I to designate various gun howitzers of the French Army.

</doc>
<doc id="20219008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219008" title="Griselda González">
Griselda González

Griselda María de los Ángeles González Santillo (born December 4, 1965 in Buenos Aires) is a retired female long-distance runner from Argentina. She twice won the Buenos Aires Marathon in her native country. She also represented Argentine twice (1992 and 1996) at the Summer Olympics, before switching nationality and competing for Spain.
González had success at the South American Cross Country Championships where she took silver in the 1987 and 1988 races before finally taking the gold in 1989.
Achievements.
Personal Best - Outdoor 
3000 Metres 9:17.45 La Coruña 26/07/1991
5000 Metres 16:14.85 Sevilla 09/06/2000
10,000 Metres 31:46.4 Gijón 12/08/2000
Half Marathon 1:11:40 Zamora 27/08/2000
Marathon 2:30:32 Torino 11/05/1997 
Progression - Outdoor 
3000 Metres 1991 9:17.45 La Coruña 26/07/1991 
5000 Metres 2000 16:14.85 Sevilla 09/06/2000 
1995 16:55.24 Sevilla 03/06/1995 
10,000 Metres 
2000 31:46.4 Gijón 12/08/2000
1993 33:17.9 Pontevedra 01/06/1993 
1991 34:16.26 Tokyo 27/08/1991
Half Marathon 
2004 1:14:27 Leiro-Ribadavia 04/07/2004 
2002 1:12:35 Torremolinos 17/03/2002
2000 1:11:40 Zamora 27/08/2000
1995 1:13:11 Montbeliard Belfort 01/10/1995
Marathon 
2005 2:41:33 Paris 10/04/2005 
2004 2:34:28 Milano 28/11/2004
2001 2:31:05 Rotterdam 22/04/2001 
2000 2:31:12 Barcelona 19/03/2000 
1997 2:30:32 Torino 11/05/1997 
1995 2314400 Torino 23/04/1995 
Honours 
Marathon 
27th Olympic Games 33 f 2:38:28 Sydney 24/09/2000 
Long Race 
16th IAAF World Cross Country Championships 116 f 22:02 Auckland 26/03/1988 

</doc>
<doc id="20219031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219031" title="Gribeauval system">
Gribeauval system

The Gribeauval system (French: "système Gribeauval") was an artillery system introduced by Lieutenant General Jean Baptiste Vaquette de Gribeauval during the 18th century. This system revolutionized French cannon, with a new production system that allowed lighter, more uniform guns without sacrificing range. The Gribeauval system superseded the de Vallière system. These guns contributed to French military victories during the Napoleonic Wars; the Gribeauval system was "arguably the best artillery system in Europe at that time".
Development.
The Gribeauval system was introduced through royal order on 15 October 1765. Although much of the work is not directly attributable to Gribeauval (see Honoré Blanc), the systems of organization and uniformity in ordnance have been called "le système Gribeauval".
Technology.
Gribeauval's primary improvement came in the production of large artillery pieces. Prior to his improvements, guns were cast in a single piece by pouring molten iron or bronze around a clay cylinder. After the metal cooled, the clay was removed, leaving the gun's bore. However, this made guns with imperfect cores, which prevented the use of tight-fitting cannon balls; because rounds did not fit tightly, much of the explosive power of the gunpowder was lost. Gribeauval created a new system of production, initially developed by Jean Maritz, casting guns as a single, solid block, and then drilling the bore on a large machine: the entire barrel of the gun rotated against a massive drill bit, and the cutting head was advanced by means of weights and cogs. The resulting guns had tighter manufacturing tolerance between the bore and ball and allowed thinner barrels to be made without sacrificing range. Because the projectile fit the gun much more tightly, the barrel could be shorter without reducing accuracy; the shorter, thinner, barrel reduced weight. Gribeauval also designed improved carriages which allowed highly mobile fieldpieces.
Organization and usage.
Gribeauval field artillery, he developed comparatively light cannon:
The 1-pdr Rostaing gun and the Swedish 4-pdr Battalion Guns were retained from the previous system. 
For siege and garrison artillery he retained the same proportions as the earlier Valliere System of 1732 but with the removal of the decoration and simplified the dolphins. 
Gribeauval also designed a range of mortars: 
Only the Gribeauval Siege guns were first used for major operations in the American Revolutionary War, in General Rochambeau's French expeditionary corps, from 1780 to late 1782, and especially at Yorktown in 1781. The Rochambeau's French Infantry were equipped with Regimental Swedish 4-pdrs and not, as many think, Gribeauval 4-pdrs.
It was used extensively during the wars following the French Revolution and in the early Napoleonic wars supplemented by large numbers of captured ordnance including Austrian, Hanoverian, Piedmont and Prussian. 
From 1805, the Year XI system started to replace the captured ordnance. Gradually the Gribeauval 4-pdr and 8-pdr was replaced by the Year XI 6-pdr and the Gribeauval 6-pouce (6.4-inch) Howitzer was replaced by the Year XI 24-pdr howitzer. In 1808, due to financial considerations, the obsolete Gribeauval carriages were cannibalised to create new carriages for the Year XI gun tubes.
Improvements and obsolescence.
The Gribeauval system was replaced by Napoleon I in 1803 by the Year XI system. This took many years and only after the 1809 campaign was the Gribeauval system entirely superseded. Only the Gribeauval 12-pdr was retained in the new system. From 1808, the metalwork, axles and wheels from the Gribeauval 8-pdr were used to make carriages for the Year XI 6-pdr. Due to the abundance of Spanish Gribeauval Ordnance, artillery of the Gribeuaval System was still occasionally used by the French. In 1812, the Gribeauval 4-pdrs were used as the Regimental Artillery for the Young Guard in the Invasion of Russia.
Under the Bourbon Restoration in 1815, the Gribeauval System was officially reinstated but the Year XI ordnance was still in use. 
Between 1825 to 1831, Sylvain Charles Valée made further technical improvements to the Gribeauval system. The "Valée system" was used at the Capture of Algiers (1830), the Fall of Constantine (1837), and in the Crimean War (1853–1856).
A new generation of shell-firing canon obusiers emerged with the invention of the naval shell-gun by Paixhans in 1823, and the introduction of the canon obusier de 12 in 1853 by the French Army; this rendered the Gribeauval system obsolete.

</doc>
<doc id="20219043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219043" title="Tom Reynolds (author)">
Tom Reynolds (author)

Tom Reynolds (born 1960 in Wisconsin) is an American author and television producer. He is not Tom Reynolds (born 1971) who wrote "Blood Sweat and Tea" (2010). He wrote the popular books "" and "." He also wrote "Wild ride : how outlaw motorcycle myth conquered America". This book was based on his 1999 documentary. He currently lives in Nacogdoches, Texas, where he teaches Speech and English at Stephen F. Austin State University.
Books.
He wrote the popular books "" and "." He also wrote "Wild ride: how outlaw motorcycle myth conquered America".
Television.
In 1996, he transitioned into television, writing and producing over 90
hours of TV programming, including documentaries and non-fiction specials for A&E, Dick
Wolf Productions, Travel Channel, E! Entertainment, and Warner Brothers Television. He produced several television programs including documentaries including "The Wild Ride of Outlaw Bikers" (1999). He was also a writer on "Illuminating Angels & Demons" (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="20219061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219061" title="Octal game">
Octal game

The octal games form a significant subclass of impartial games studied in combinatorial game theory. 
</ref> 
</ref> They are organized by a numeric coding system that enables a compact specification of a variety of game rules.
Octal games specification.
An octal game is played with tokens divided into heaps. Two players take turns moving until no moves are possible. Every move consists of selecting just one of the heaps, and either
Heaps other than the selected heap remain unchanged. The last player to move wins in "normal play". The game may also be played in misère play", in which the last player to move loses.
Games played with heaps in this fashion, in which the allowed moves for each heap are determined by the original heap's size, are called "Taking and Breaking games" in the literature. Octal games are a subset of the taking and breaking games in which the allowed moves are determined by the number of tokens removed from the heap.
The octal code for a game is specified as
where the octal digit "d""n" specifies whether the player is allowed to leave zero, one, or two heaps after removing "n" tokens from a heap. The digit "d""n" is the sum of
Zero tokens are not counted as a heap. Thus the digit "d""n" is odd if a heap of "n" tokens may be removed entirely, and even otherwise. The specification of one-heap results in "d""n" applies to removing "n" tokens from a heap of more than "n". The two-heap results in "d""n" apply to removing "n" tokens from a heap of at least "n"+2, and separating the remainder into two nonempty heaps.
Octal games may allow splitting a heap into two parts without removing any tokens, by use of the digit 4 to the left of the decimal point. This is similar to the move in Grundy's game, which is to split a heap into two unequal parts. Standard octal game notation, however, does not have the power to express the constraint of unequal parts.
Octal games with only a finite number of non-zero digits are called "finite octal games".
Particular octal games.
Nim.
The most fundamental game in combinatorial game theory is Nim, in which any number of tokens may be removed from a heap, leaving zero or one heaps behind. The octal code for Nim is 0.333…, appearing in the published literature as
to signify the repeating part as in a repeating decimal. It is important to realize, however, that the repeating part does not play the same role as in octal fractions, in that the games
and
are not identical, despite their equality as octal fractions.
Kayles.
The game Kayles is usually visualized as played with a row of "n" pins, but may be modeled by a heap of "n" counters. One is allowed to remove one or two tokens from a heap and arrange the remainder into zero, one, or two heaps. The octal code for Kayles is 0.77 .
Dawson's Chess.
"Dawson's Chess" is a game arising from a chess puzzle posed by Thomas Rayner Dawson in "Caissa's Wild Roses", 1938. The puzzle was posed as involving opposed rows of pawns separated by a single rank. Although the puzzle is not posed as an impartial game, the assumption that captures are mandatory implies that a player's moving in any file results only in the removal of that file and its neighbors (if any) from further consideration, with the opposite player to move. Modeling this as a heap of "n" tokens, a player may remove an entire heap of one, two, or three tokens, may reduce any heap by two or three tokens, or may split a heap into two parts after removing three tokens. Dawson's Chess is thus represented by the octal code 0.137.
Nim-sequence.
The Sprague–Grundy theorem implies that a heap of size n is equivalent to a nim heap of a given size, usually noted G(n). The analysis of an octal game then consists in finding the sequence of the nim-values for heaps of increasing size. This sequence G(0), G(1), G(2) ... is usually called the nim-sequence of the game.
All "finite" octal games analyzed so far have shown a nim-sequence ultimately periodic, and whether all finite octal games are ultimately periodic is an open question. It is listed by Richard Guy as an important problem in the field of combinatorial games.
Computation records.
A complete analysis of an octal game results in finding its period and preperiod of its nim-sequence. It is shown in Winning Ways for your Mathematical Plays that only a finite number of values of the nim-sequence is needed to prove that a finite octal game is periodic, which opened the door to computations with computers.
Octal games with at most 3 octal-digits have been analyzed through the years. There are 79 non-trivial octal games, among which 14 have been solved: 
There remain 63 of these games, despite the computation of millions of nim-values by Achim Flammenkamp.
See also.
Octal games like Nim, in which every move transforms a heap into zero or one heaps, are called quaternary games because the only digits that appear are 0, 1, 2, and 3. The octal notation may also be extended to include hexadecimal games, in which digits permit division of a heap into three parts. In fact, arbitrarily large bases are possible. The analysis of quaternary, octal, and hexadecimal games show that these classes of games are markedly different from each other, and the behavior of larger bases has not received as much scrutiny.
Some octal games with different codes are closely related to each other. In the game 0.07, called "Dawson's Kayles", a move is to remove exactly two tokens from a heap and to distribute the remainder into zero, one, or two heaps. Dawson's Kayles is named for its (non-obvious) similarity to Dawson's Chess, in that Dawson's Kayles heap of "n"+1 tokens acts exactly like a Dawson's Chess heap of "n" tokens. Dawson's Kayles is said to be a first cousin of Dawson's Chess.

</doc>
<doc id="20219080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219080" title="Chuck Williams">
Chuck Williams

Chuck Williams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20219084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219084" title="Cologna">
Cologna

Cologna is a village in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland. It is located in southeast of Poschiavo and is part of its municipality. 

</doc>
<doc id="20219105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219105" title="Le Prese">
Le Prese

Le Prese is a town in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland, part of Poschiavo municipality. It is located at the northern end of the Lago di Poschiavo.
Overview.
The Rhaetian Railway's Bernina Railway, including the Bernina Express train, crosses the town mainly through its main street, in between traffic. The Le Prese railway station is simply part of the sidewalk.

</doc>
<doc id="20219113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219113" title="Thomas Ebbesen">
Thomas Ebbesen

Thomas Ebbesen (born 1954 in Oslo) is a physical chemist and professor at the University of Strasbourg in France, known for his pioneering work in nanoscience.
Thomas Ebbesen received his bachelors from Oberlin College, and a PhD from Pierre and Marie Curie University in Paris in the field of photo-physical chemistry. He then worked at the Notre Dame Radiation Laboratory before joining the NEC Fundamental Research Laboratories in Japan in 1988 where his research shifted first to novel carbon materials such as fullerenes (C60), graphene and carbon nanotubes. After discovering how to mass produce carbon nanotubes, he and his colleagues measured many of their unique features such as their mechanical and wetting properties. For his pioneering and extensive contribution to the field of carbon nanotubes, he shared the 2001 Agilent Europhysics Prize with Sumio Iijima, Cees Dekker and Paul McEuen.
While working at NEC, Ebbesen discovered a major new optical phenomenon. He found that, contrary to the then accepted theory, it was possible to transmit light extremely efficiently through subwavelength holes milled in opaque metal films under certain conditions. The phenomenon, known as extraordinary optical transmission, involves surface plasmons. It has raised fundamental questions and is finding applications in broad variety of areas from chemistry to opto-electronics. Ebbesen has received several awards for the discovery of the extraordinary optical transmission such as the 2005 France Telecom Prize of the French Academy of Sciences and the 2009 Quantum Electronics and Optics Prize of the European Physical Society.
His current research is focused on the physics and chemistry of light-matter interactions at the nanoscale.
In 1999, Thomas Ebbesen joined ISIS and the University of Strasbourg Institute for Advanced Study. He is a member of the Institut Universitaire de France, the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, the French Academy of Science and the Royal Flemish Academy of Belgium for Sciences and the Arts.
He is married to the pianist Masako Hayashi-Ebbesen. They have two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20219127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219127" title="List of railway stations in Baden-Württemberg">
List of railway stations in Baden-Württemberg

The list of passenger stations in Baden-Württemberg contains all stations in Baden-Württemberg that are currently served by long-distance passenger transport or regional transport.
Legend.
The list is set out as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20219138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219138" title="The Princess (poem)">
The Princess (poem)

The Princess is a serio-comic blank verse narrative poem, written by Alfred Tennyson, published in 1847. Tennyson was Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom from 1850 to 1892 and remains one of the most popular English poets.
The poem tells the story of an heroic princess who forswears the world of men and founds a women's university where men are forbidden to enter. The prince to whom she was betrothed in infancy enters the university with two friends, disguised as women students. They are discovered and flee, but eventually they fight a battle for the princess's hand. They lose and are wounded, but the women nurse the men back to health. Eventually the princess returns the prince's love.
Several later works have been based upon the poem, including Gilbert and Sullivan's comic opera "Princess Ida".
Background.
Tennyson planned the poem in the late 1830s after discussing the idea with Emily Sellwood, whom he later married in 1850. It seems to have been a response to criticism that he was not writing about serious issues. It was also a response, in part, to the founding of Queen's College, London, Britain's first college for women, in 1847. Two of Tennyson's friends were part-time professors there. Other critics speculate that the poem was partly inspired by the opening of "Love's Labour's Lost" and other literary works.
Tennyson is reported as saying, in the 1840s, that "the two great social questions impending in England were 'the education of the poor man before making him our master, and the higher education of women'." The women's rights movement, including the right to higher education, was still at an early stage in 1847. In Britain, the first university-level women's school, Girton College, Cambridge was not opened until 1869, more than two decades after Tennyson wrote "The Princess". In "A Vindication of the Rights of Woman" (1792), however, Mary Wollstonecraft had been an early advocate of the equality of men and women, and writers such as John Stuart Mill had argued for female emancipation. Nevertheless, "Tennyson was in the vanguard in writing of the subject and although feminist critics have complained about the conservative ending of his poem, he must be credited with broaching the topic and voicing some of the injustices women suffered." In "The Princess", "Tennyson describes with such clarity the principal problems of feminism".
As in the case of many other Tennyson poems, "The Princess" is framed by a prologue and a conclusion outside of the main narrative. The description of a summer fête that opens the poem is based on a feast of the Mechanics' Institute at a country house, Park House, near Maidstone, in 1842. The narrative device is a tale of fancy composed in turn by some university undergraduates, based on an old chronicle. Though the poem was moderately successful, Tennyson wrote to a friend, saying "I hate it and so will you". He revised the work after its first publication. Some of the best-known lyrics, including "The splendour falls on castle walls" were added for the third edition (1850).
Synopsis.
As with many of Tennyson's works, "The Princess" has an outer setting to the main narrative, consisting of a Prologue and a Conclusion that take place at a Victorian era summer fete. The characters in the Prologue agree to participate in a storytelling game about a heroic princess in days of old, based on an ancient family chronicle. The main narrative follows, given in seven lengthy "Cantos", with the prince as narrator.
The prince seeks Princess Ida.
In the main narrative, a prince has been betrothed since infancy to a princess, Ida, from a neighbouring land. The princess has grown to become beautiful and accomplished and has founded a university of maidens in a remote retreat. Her father, King Gama, explains that she refuses to have anything to do with the world of men and is influenced by other women, Lady Blanche and Lady Psyche, who have all resolved never to wed a man. The prince and two friends, Cyril and Florian, decide to infiltrate the university to try to win the princess's return. They disguise themselves as women and ride into the university asking to enroll as students. Florian is Lady Psyche's brother and hopes to influence her.
The "new students" are taken to see the princess, who tells them that they must "cast and fling the tricks, which make us toys of men", so that they may become equal with men. The men are impressed by the princess and debate the merits of women's equality. They move around the university, listening and learning. Their tutors, Lady Psyche and Lady Blanche, discover the men's subterfuge, but hide their knowledge for reasons of their own. Blanche and Psyche are intellectual and political rivals at the university, and Blanche vows to force Psyche out.
The prince is discovered.
Ida and the prince walk together, and, still posing as a woman student, he tells her news of the prince and his court, and they discuss the marriage contract between Ida and the prince. He tells her how the prince loves her from afar. She speaks of her ideals of equality. The prince touches hands with Ida on the path. At a picnic, Ida invites the prince to sing a song from her homeland. He sings of love, but Ida mocks it and talks of the inequality of love between men and women. She invites another song about the women of her [his land. Cyril sings a drunken tavern song, and chaos breaks out as the men's identities become obvious to all. In the confusion, Ida falls into the river, and the prince saves her from drowning.
The men flee (and Psyche flees with Cyril, leaving her child behind in the castle), but the prince and Florian are recaptured. Letters arrives from the prince's father (the king) and Ida's father (Gama). Gama tells how he started to come to Ida to plead for the prince but was taken hostage by the king. The king tells Ida not to harm the prince and to free him, or the king's army will storm the castle. The prince declares his love for Ida, saying, "except you slay me here according to your bitter statute-book, I cannot cease to follow you... but half without you; with you, whole; and of those halves you worthiest". Word comes that the king has arrived to storm the castle. Ida gives a stirring speech, saying that she will lead the maidens into battle. Though Ida appears to be forming an interest in the prince, she renounces her marriage contract. The prince and Florian are freed and pushed out of the castle. Psyche is distraught at having betrayed Ida and her cause, and having lost her child.
Battle and aftermath.
The king wants to make war, but the prince wants to win Ida's love. He says, "wild natures need wise curbs... not war: lest I lose all". Gama and the prince have developed a warm relationship, and Gama supports the prince's cause, but Ida's brothers support their sister at all costs. The prince and his friends offer to fight Ida's brother and to let the battle decide whether Ida must keep her contract. Ida's brother Arac sends word of this proposal to Ida, who rants against the harm done to women, but confident of her brothers' victory, she agrees to abide by the contest. Meanwhile, Ida has been growing to love Psyche's child.
In the battle, Ida's brothers defeat and wound the prince and his friends. The prince acknowledges defeat and pleads with Ida to let Psyche reclaim her child, but he falls into a coma. Ida rants against Psyche's betrayal. The king says that he cannot let such a hard woman tend his son. Ida relents and asks the king to let her tend the prince's injuries, and to let the ladies tend to Cyril and Florian. This shows her willingness to bend her own laws. By ministering to the men, the ladies of the university become more fair, and Ida finds peace. Love blossoms between the nurses and the nursed.
Ida eventually comes to love the prince. As he regains consciousness at times, they discuss their ideas of love, and she discovers that they agree on the equality of love; not, as she had always feared, women's servitude in love – he has been well-schooled in this by his mother. The prince envisages a future where "The man may be more of woman, she of man". He says "my hopes and thine are one" and asks her to place her trust in him.
Conclusion.
In the Conclusion, the narrator reflects on how to tell the long story, noting that the events are "Too comic for the solemn things they are, / Too solemn for the comic touches in them."
Critical opinion.
"The Princess" has divided opinion about where Tennyson's sympathies lay. The poet's son Hallam wrote that his father held that "the sooner woman finds out, before the great educational movement begins, that 'woman is not undevelopt man, but diverse', the better it will be for the progress of the world." The cool reception of the piece "seems to have led Tennyson to revise the poem after publication more extensively than any of his others". The early view that Tennyson was sympathetic to a progressive view of women's education but found it expedient to subordinate it to the dictates of Victorian society led the poet to rebalance "The Princess" by adding the interlude songs in his 1850 revision: "I thought that the poem would explain itself, but the public did not see the drift."
The songs, which relate to the contemporary world of Tennyson's time, are in contrast to the main narrative, which is male-oriented, with a mock-mediaeval setting. Thus, it can be argued, Tennyson balanced the anti-feminist message of the men's narrative with the practical progressiveness displayed in the women's songs. Other critics conclude that the final message of the narrative is plain and anti-feminist.
Works based on "The Princess".
W. S. Gilbert, perhaps attracted by Tennyson's serio-comic treatment of the subject of women's education, adapted and parodied the poem twice. First, in 1870, he produced a musical farce called "The Princess". Later, in 1884, he adapted his farce into a comic opera with composer Arthur Sullivan entitled "Princess Ida", which is still performed regularly today.
Other musical works inspired by the poem include a setting of "As through the land" composed by the poet Edward Lear in his lesser-known capacity as a composer. Both Ralph Vaughan Williams and Frank Bridge composed settings for the "Tears, idle tears" section of "The Princess". Gustav Holst set "Home they brought her warrior dead." Among later musical works inspired by "The Princess" are Benjamin Britten's "Serenade for Tenor, Horn and Strings", which includes a setting of "The splendour falls", and a setting of "Ask me no more" by Ned Rorem.
John Melhuish Strudwick's painting "Oh Swallow, Swallow" is based on this poem.

</doc>
<doc id="20219149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219149" title="Li Curt">
Li Curt

Li Curt is a part of the town in Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland. It is located in the centre of Val Poschiavo. Li Curt has a station along the Berninabahn.

</doc>
<doc id="20219161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219161" title="Prada (Poschiavo)">
Prada (Poschiavo)

Prada is a small town in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland. It is located southeast of Poschiavo.

</doc>
<doc id="20219180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219180" title="Xinjiekou">
Xinjiekou

Xinjiekou may refer to the following locations in China:

</doc>
<doc id="20219186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219186" title="Pagnoncini">
Pagnoncini

Pagnoncini (sometimes called Pognoncini) is a small town in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland. Its located in the south of Val Poschiavo.

</doc>
<doc id="20219189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219189" title="Cantone">
Cantone

Cantone is a small town in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland. Its located in the south of Val Poschiavo near Lago di Poschiavo and Le Prese.

</doc>
<doc id="20219198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219198" title="Georg Kopprasch">
Georg Kopprasch

Georg Kopprasch was a German composer and horn player. Very little is known about his life, except that he was born sometime before 1800 and continued his career as a horn player at least until 1832. Kopprasch is mainly known for his second set of Horn etudes, op. 6. This set of 60 etudes is often published as two books, neither of which should be confused with his first set of etudes, op. 5.
Kopprasch's "Sixty Selected Studies for French Horn" is studied by the majority of horn students studying at an advanced level. Most of the etudes focus on technical problems relating to the high range of the Horn. Due to a misread by an early editor, these studies are often attributed to "C. Kopprasch". These etudes have also been transcribed for other brass instruments, such as tuba and trombone.

</doc>
<doc id="20219208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219208" title="Privilasco">
Privilasco

Privilasco is a small town in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland. It is located in the north of Val Poschiavo near San Carlo, Poschiavo. It is also a station on the Bernina Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20219213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219213" title="South Korea national football team results – 1950s">
South Korea national football team results – 1950s

This is a list of football games played by the Korea Republic national football team between 1950 and 1959. Korea Republic's score is shown first.

</doc>
<doc id="20219214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219214" title="Xinjiekou, Nanjing">
Xinjiekou, Nanjing

Xinjiekou () is the central business district of Nanjing, People's Republic of China. It gave its name to Xinjiekou subway station.
History.
Xinjiekou is an ancient site in Nanjing. But it is only a quiet and lonely street with lots of empty space and pond. Then the place had taken great changes since 1929—4 main roads of 40-meter-width met here: Zhongshan Eastern Road, Zhongzheng Road, Hanzhong Road and Zhongshan Road, and a ring square in the center. On the grounds of the new traffic hinge, Xinjiekou became the newly developing commercial center rapidly. In the 1930s, many buildings sprang up, like Domestic bank, Zhejiang Xingye Bank, China Bank of Communication, the Central Shopping Center, Dahua Theater, Xindu Theater and Fuchang Restaurant. And in the 1980s, Jinling Restaurant as the tallest building was finished.
the Business Circle.
As the CBD of Nanjing, Xinjiekou has many economic institutions, consulting corporations, law offices, accounting firms and corporate headquarters—with the largest number of offices in Nanjing, including 80 business enterprises among the thp 500 global corporations.

</doc>
<doc id="20219220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219220" title="San Carlo (Val Poschiavo)">
San Carlo (Val Poschiavo)

San Carlo is a town in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland. It is one of the biggest areas in the Poschiavo valley. It is located to the north of Poschiavo.

</doc>
<doc id="20219221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219221" title="Fethiye Çetin">
Fethiye Çetin

Fethiye Çetin () (born in Maden, Elazığ Province is a Turkish lawyer, writer and human rights activist.
She was born as a name "Heranuş Gadaryan" in the small town of Maden, to a Muslim family. Çetin's maternal grandmother, Seher, would later reveal that she was by birth an Armenian Christian who had been taken away from her mother on a death march in the course of the Armenian Genocide to be raised as a Muslim by a Turkish military official; this legacy inspired Çetin's first book, a recounting of her grandmother's story in the memoir entitled "My Grandmother". The book, translated into English by Maureen Freely, has become required reading at some progressive Turkish institutes of higher learning, such as Sabancı University. "Today's Zaman" characterizes the book as "part of a trend in Turkey that is grappling with a history of denial, nationalism and fears of political consequences" in regards to "the lost Armenians".
In her capacity as a lawyer, Çetin has represented the family of murdered Turkish-Armenian newspaper editor Hrant Dink.
In September 2010 Fethiye Cetin visited Australia as an invited guest to a public discussion in a Sydney bookstore, about her novel 'My Grandmother'. She also went to Melbourne as an invited guest to the Melbourne Writers' Festival. For an overview and analysis of her visit, see http://livre-sk65.blogspot.com/.

</doc>
<doc id="20219232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219232" title="Pedecosta">
Pedecosta

Pedecosta is a small town in the north of Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20219235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219235" title="Amedeo Ambron">
Amedeo Ambron

Amedeo Ambron (born January 23, 1939) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Benevento.
Biography.
In 1960 he was a member of the Italian water polo team which won the gold medal. He played one match and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20219244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219244" title="Bombus bellardii">
Bombus bellardii

Bombus bellardii is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20219249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219249" title="Bombus bohemicus">
Bombus bohemicus

Bombus bohemicus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee, that can be found in most of Europe with exception of the southern Iberian Peninsula and Iceland.
Description.
A fairly small bumblebee (the length of the queen is around ) with a round face and a short proboscis (tongue). The male is quite smaller than the queen. The bumblebee has a pale yellow collar, often yellow hairs on the first tergite (abdominal segment), pale yellow sides on the third tergite and a white tail on an otherwise almost black abdomen. Males in northern Scotland sometimes have yellow tails instead of white.
Ecology.
The species is a cuckoo bumblebee, having "Bombus lucorum" as a host, killing or subduing its queen and taking over its nest.
"Bombus bohemicus" feeds on various flowering plants, as, among others, thyme, scabious, marsh and thistles for the male, sallow, dandelion, clover, bilberry and raspberry for the female.
Distribution.
The bumblebee is distributed through most of Europe from beyond the Arctic Circle to northern Spain, and from the British Isles in the west to eastern Russia. It is also found in Turkey. In Britain it is common in the south-western peninsula, northern England, and Scotland. In the south-eastern part, however, it is rare (with exception of the East Anglian brecks).

</doc>
<doc id="20219251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219251" title="Bombus branickii">
Bombus branickii

Bombus branickii is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20219254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219254" title="Soon We'll Be Found">
Soon We'll Be Found

"Soon We'll Be Found" is a song by Sia Furler. Released on October 13, 2008, "Soon We'll Be Found" is Sia's third single from "Some People Have Real Problems" (2008). The single is only available for download in the UK, but the music video for "Soon We'll Be Found", in which Sia signs the lyrics in American Sign Language, was featured on the United States iTunes Store main page when it became the free music download of the week of November 4–10, 2008. Sia performed the song on "Later... with Jools Holland" on October 7, 2008, and on the "Late Show with David Letterman" on November 13, 2008.
Music video.
The music video of "Soon We'll Be Found" was directed by Claire Carré. In the music video, Sia sings while signing the lyrics in American Sign Language.
The music video for "Soon We'll Be Found" gained popularity after it was featured on the iTunes main page in the United States from November 4–10, 2008.
Reception.
The song and music video received positive reviews by critics. "Spin" magazine responded well to the song, explaining that "it seems as if it was all a dream—and with Sia's swooning voice and sweeping orchestration, it sure feels like one". Carl Williams of Last Broadcast wrote that "the composition is grand and the effect is stylish and powerful," and compared her vocals with those of Dusty Springfield. Amuze called "Soon We'll Be Found" a "stunning new single".
Likewise, the music video received good reviews by professional critics and bloggers alike. Jeremy Elder, a blogger on WordPress, wrote it was "a gorgoues , trippy day-glow romp." Spinner described it as "sign language, shadow puppets and fluorescent latex into one beautifully choreographed video. Neufutur acclaimed "Soon We'll Be Found" for its usage of sign language, and called "Some People Have Real Problems" "Sia’s best recording yet!" Brian James of Rone Break argued that Sia demonstrated her artistic and musical side with this music video, and said it was "the way music videos should be done."

</doc>
<doc id="20219255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219255" title="Bombus chinensis">
Bombus chinensis

Bombus chinensis is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20219257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219257" title="Bombus coreanus">
Bombus coreanus

Bombus coreanus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20219259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219259" title="Bombus expolitus">
Bombus expolitus

Bombus expolitus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20219262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219262" title="Finnish minelayer Riilahti">
Finnish minelayer Riilahti

Riilahti was a Ruotsinsalmi class minelayer of the Finnish Navy. "Riilahti" was commissioned in 1940 and sunk in 1943. The vessel was named after the battle of Riilahti, which was fought between Sweden and Russia in 1714.
New minelayers for the navy.
Funding for two new minelayers had been secured as early as in 1937, but instead the money was used to refurbish the garrison at Mäkiluoto. "Riilahti" was launched on December 14, 1940, three weeks after her sister ship "Ruotsinsalmi". 
The ship had an extensively modified propulsion system and hull, compared to her sister vessel, and it took some time before the crew had figured out all the characteristics of the vessel.
Originally, the vessels were intended as escort minesweepers for the Finnish navy's coastal defence ships "Ilmarinen" and "Väinämöinen", and they were therefore designed with a draft of only 1.5 m. "Riilahti" was armed with one 75 mm gun, one Bofors 40 mm guns and two Madsen 20 mm anti-aircraft cannons. The vessel had three mine dropping rails, and could carry about 100 mines. The ship could also hunt submarines, and was equipped with sonar, depth charge throwers and rails. The vessel was also strong enough to be ale to tow minesweeping equipment. She was equipped with smoke generators so she could protect itself, and other near-by vessels from the enemy.
"Riilahti" was commanded by "kapteeniluutnantti" Osmo Kivilinna during her entire career.
Riilahti during the Continuation War.
"Riilahti" and "Ruotsinsalmi" began mining the Gulf of Finland on June 26, 1941, immediately after the outbreak of the Continuation War. "Riilahti" launched almost 1,000 sea mines during 1941, most of them in the Juminda minefield. 
In 1941, "Riilahti" managed to seize control of a Soviet barge and participated in minesweeping operations south of the Hanko Peninsula.
In the summer of 1942, "Riilahti" laid numerous mines near Hogland. 
"Riilahti" was sent as reinforcement to the island of Someri on 8 July 1942, when the Russians tried to land and take the island. She was involved in artillery duels with ships from the Soviet Navy, gave fire support to the Finnish defenders on the island and fended of several air attacks. The vessel counted 56 aircraft attacking her, but she survived, thanks to the gallantry of her crew. The island was held by the Finnish defenders. 
The Marshal of Finland, Mannerheim awarded the Mannerheim Cross to Osmo Kivilinna on 8 March 1943, citing the war record of the ship, whose characteristics still were not all known. The ship had also previously sunk the Soviet submarine Shch-406 together with some German patrol vessels on 26 May 1943.
The last battle.
On August 22, 1943 at 5.30 am, "Riilahti" set out from Loviisa on an anti-submarine mission west of Hogland. The patrol vessel VMV 1 followed her on the journey. At 2 pm on August 23 an outlook spotted two Soviet motor torpedo boats and sounded the alarm. The officer on duty had previously ordered the engines to be stopped so that the sonar operators easier could listen for submarine sounds. While the vessel tried to start her engines and reach steering power, the Soviet motor torpedo boat TK 94 fired a torpedo, which struck "Riilahti" amidships and broke her in two. "Riilahti" sunk in two minutes, taking with her 23 of her crew. VMV 1 saved eleven men from the water, one being the commander of the ship, and Mannerheim knight Osmo Kivilinna. He later died from his wounds on the operating table. 
This was one of the most significant single losses during the war years; Kivinlinna was a very well-liked officer, and it was widely believed that he could become the first full Admiral of the Finnish Navy.
The wreck of "Riilahti" lies five nautical miles from the island of Tiiskeri at a depth of 70 m. The loss of "Riilahti" left the Finnish Navy with a gap in their mine warfare capabilities. This was addressed with the launching of the "Keihässalmi" in 1957.
The third engine, which had been ordered, but not yet fitted on the "Riilahti" was instead fitted onto the sister vessel "Ruotsinsalmi".
"Riilahti" laid 1,733 sea mines and 599 obstacles during her career.

</doc>
<doc id="20219265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219265" title="Bombus ferganicus">
Bombus ferganicus

Bombus ferganicus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20219271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219271" title="Bombus flavidus">
Bombus flavidus

Bombus flavidus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee, that can be found in such European countries as Austria, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Slovenia, Spain, and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20219272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219272" title="Danio Bardi">
Danio Bardi

Danio Bardi (May 23, 1937 – July 9, 1991) was an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Scandicci and died in Florence.
In 1960 he was a member of the Italian water polo team which won the gold medal. He played six matches and scored two goals.
Four years later he finished fourth with the Italian team in the water polo competition at the Tokyo Games. He played five matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20219274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219274" title="Ewald Loeser">
Ewald Loeser

He was born in Storkow, Brandenburg and gained a doctorate in Administrative Law from The University of Göttingen in 1911. From 1930 to 1934 he served under Karl Goerdeler as the deputy mayor and treasurer of the city of Leipzig. 
He joined board of the Friedrich Krupp AG in 1934 as Director of Administration and Finance. From 1939 he was also on the board of Dresdner Bank. In 1943 Karl Goerdeler
convinced him of the necessity of a coup to overthrow Hitler. If the July 20 Plot assassination attempt had succeeded he was earmarked to be the Minister of Finance. He was arrested in its aftermath and on 20 October 1944 was tried by the People's Court, but he succeeded in convincing Roland Freisler that he was suffering from memory loss. Avoiding conviction he was committed to a sanatorium and survived the war.
In 1947 he was indicted at the Krupp Trial for war crimes, including use of slave labor and plunder of occupied Europe. Following his conviction in 1948 he was imprisoned for seven years. He died in 1970 aged 82.

</doc>
<doc id="20219275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219275" title="Bombus maxillosus">
Bombus maxillosus

Bombus maxillosus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee, that can be found in Austria, Czech Republic, France, Hungary, Italy, Romania, Slovakia, Spain, and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20219278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219278" title="Bombus monozonus">
Bombus monozonus

Bombus monozonus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20219285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219285" title="Bombus morawitzianus">
Bombus morawitzianus

Bombus morawitzianus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20219296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219296" title="Bombus norvegicus">
Bombus norvegicus

Bombus norvegicus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20219303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219303" title="Bombus novus">
Bombus novus

Bombus novus is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20219314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219314" title="Jenő Csaknády">
Jenő Csaknády

Jenő Csaknády (20 September 1924 – 7 January 2001) was a Hungarian football manager.
External links.
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="20219323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219323" title="Crying Undercover">
Crying Undercover

"Crying Undercover" is the first solo single by Rania Zeriri. The maxi single contains three versions and the video of the title song as well as the song "Cursed and Blessed" written by Zeriri in 2006.
The single reached position 86 in the Germany Singles Top 100.

</doc>
<doc id="20219327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219327" title="November 2008 in Pakistan">
November 2008 in Pakistan


</doc>
<doc id="20219328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219328" title="Giancarlo Guerrini">
Giancarlo Guerrini

Giancarlo Guerrini (born December 29, 1939) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Rome.
In 1960 he was a member of the Italian water polo team which won the gold medal. He played two matches and scored three goals.
Four years later he finished fourth with the Italian team in the water polo competition at the Tokyo Games. He played five matches.
At the 1968 Games he was part of the Italian team which finished again fourth in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played all nine matches and scored three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20219329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219329" title="List of railway stations in Bavaria">
List of railway stations in Bavaria

Current stations operated by the Deutsche Bahn in Bavaria:

</doc>
<doc id="20219343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219343" title="Canon obusier de 12">
Canon obusier de 12

The Canon obusier de 12 (French:"Canon obusier de campagne de 12 cm, modèle 1853", USA: 12-pounder Napoleon), also known as the "Canon de l’Empereur" was a type of canon-obusier (literally "Shell-gun cannon", "gun-howitzer") developed by France in 1853. Its performance and versatility (it was able to fire either ball, shell, canister or grapeshot) allowed it to replace all the previous field guns, especially the Canon de 8 and the Canon de 12 as well as the two howitzers of the Valée system.
The cannon owes its alias to French president and emperor Napoleon III.
Characteristics.
The "canon obusier" was a smoothbore cannon using either shells, balls or canisters, and was therefore a vast improvement over previous cannon firing metal balls, such as the Gribeauval system. Although the "Canon obusier de 12" is commonly described as a 12-pounder in English, the "12" in the cannon's designation actually represents the caliber (12 cm). The new weapon ""revolutionized field artillery. The Napoleon was light enough to be moved rapidly on the battlefield by horses, heavy enough to destroy field fortifications almost a mile away, and versatile enough to fire solid shot, shell, spherical case, and canister."" The French Army introduced the "canon obusier de 12" in 1853.
American career.
This type of "canon obusier", commonly called in English the "12-pounder Napoleon Model 1857", was the primary cannon used in the American Civil War. Over 1,100 such Napoleons were manufactured by the North, and 600 by the South. At Gettysburg, 142 out of 360 Federal guns (36%) were Napoleons.
The "12-pounder Napoleon" was widely admired because of its safety, reliability, and killing power, especially at close range. It was the last cast bronze gun used by an American army. The Federal version of the Napoleon can be recognized by the flared front end of the barrel, called the muzzle swell. Confederate Napoleons were produced in at least six variations, most of which had straight muzzles, but at least eight cataloged survivors of 133 identified have muzzle swells.
Succession.
The smoothbore "canon obusier" was soon superseded by rifled cannons, which had much more accuracy and range, with the developments of Antoine Treuille de Beaulieu and the introduction of the La Hitte system in 1858.
Napoleon III had his existing guns, such as the Canon obusier de 12, rifled to accommodate the La Hitte system. Such guns remained in use until 1870.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20219356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219356" title="Robert Sinclair">
Robert Sinclair

Robert Sinclair may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20219384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219384" title="Franco Lavoratori">
Franco Lavoratori

Franco Lavoratori (March 15, 1941 – May 3, 2006) was an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Recco and died in Genoa.
In 1960 he was a member of the Italian water polo team which won the gold medal. He played six matches and scored four goals.
Four years later he finished fourth with the Italian team in the water polo competition at the Tokyo Games. He played six matches.
At the 1968 Games he was part of the Italian team which finished again fourth in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played all nine matches and scored six goals.
His last Olympic appearance was at the Munich Games where he finished sixth with the Italian team in the 1972 water polo competition. He played all eight matches and scored three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20219391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219391" title="Eclaireuses et Eclaireurs Unionistes de France">
Eclaireuses et Eclaireurs Unionistes de France

The Éclaireuses et éclaireurs unionistes de France (EEUdF, approximate translation "Unionist Guides and Scouts of France") are a Protestant Scouting and Guiding organization in France. The association serves 6,023 members and is affiliated to the Fédération du Scoutisme Français; it is also a member of the Protestant Federation of France.
History.
The adjective "unioniste" in the association's name refers to the "Unions chrétiennes de jeunes gens", the French YMCA, and the "Unions Chrétiennes des Jeunes Filles", the YWCA, where the first Protestant Scout and Guide units were started in the years 1910 to 1912. 
The Protestant Scout association "Eclaireurs unionistes de France" was founded in 1912; the Guides joined the "Fédération Française des Eclaireuses" (French Guides Federation) on its foundation in 1921. Both organizations were among the founders of the "Fédération du Scoutisme Français" (Federation of French Scouting) in 1941.
The "Fédération française des eclaireuses", which rejoined non-denominational, Jewish and Protestant units, became the "Fédération française des eclaireuses unionistes" in 1964, when the non-denominational groups merged with the Eclaireurs de France and the Jewish with the Eclaireurs israélites de France.
In 1970, the "Eclaireurs unionistes de France" and the "Fédération française des éclaireuses unionistes" merged, forming the "Fédération des éclaireuses et éclaireurs unionistes de France" (FEEUF). This federation was renamed to "Éclaireuses et éclaireurs unionistes de France" in 1995.
Since 2008, the EEUdF cooperates with the other Protestant Scouting organizations within the Protestant Federation of France: "Fédération du Scoutisme evangélique français"(with "Éclaireurs Evangéliques de France", "Les Porteurs de Flambeau" (Salvation Army), "Flambeaux et Claires Flammes", and Royal Rangers) and "Jeunesse Adventiste" (Pathfinders).
Emblem.
The emblem mirrors the evolution of the association. It is the old EUdF emblem enriched with a trefoil in the center to symbolize the merger with part of the PFF (girls) in 1970, lily flowers symbolizing the presence of boys. Until 1995, the logo included the word "federation" (again because of the merger with the FFE).
Program.
The association is divided in three age-groups called "branches"; local units should work in all three branches:
The EEUdF runs an active Sea Scout section.

</doc>
<doc id="20219395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219395" title="Murcia Cobras">
Murcia Cobras

Murcia Cobras is an American football team based in Murcia, Region of Murcia (Spain).
History.
The team was officially established in 1994. They played regional competitions for two years before joining the first season of the new Spanish national league in 1997, being included in the Second Division of the competition.
In 2009 the cobras officially signed Michael Bangel as Head coach and player, this was the first player/coach signing in the teams history. The Cobras junior team won the national championship in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20219397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219397" title="Gianni Lonzi">
Gianni Lonzi

Gianni Lonzi (born August 4, 1938) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Florence.
In 1960 he was a member of the Italian water polo team which won the gold medal. He played five matches.
Four years later he finished fourth with the Italian team in the water polo competition at the Tokyo Games. He played six matches.
At the 1968 Games he was part of the Italian team which finished again fourth in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played all nine matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20219419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219419" title="South Korea national football team results – 1960s">
South Korea national football team results – 1960s

This is a list of football games played by the Korea Republic national football team between 1960 and 1969. Korea Republic's score is shown first.

</doc>
<doc id="20219436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219436" title="Eraldo Pizzo">
Eraldo Pizzo

Eraldo Pizzo (born April 21, 1938) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
He was born in Rivarolo Ligure, Genoa. In 1960 he was a member of the Italian water polo team which won the gold medal. He played six matches and scored seven goals.
Four years later he finished fourth with the Italian team in the water polo competition at the Tokyo Games. He played six matches and scored five goals.
At the 1968 Games he was part of the Italian team which finished again fourth in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played all nine matches and scored 29 goals.
His last Olympic appearance was at the Munich Games where he finished sixth with the Italian team in the 1972 water polo competition. He played all eight matches and scored 12 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20219440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219440" title="Killian Pretty Review">
Killian Pretty Review

The Killian Pretty Review was an independent review of the planning application system in England, commissioned in March 2008 by Hazel Blears MP, Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government and John Hutton MP, former Secretary of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform. The review was led by Joanna Killian (CEO of Essex County Council and Brentwood Borough Council) and David Pretty CBE (retired former CEO of Barratt Developments Ltd.)
The Terms of Reference for the Review were: ""To consider how, within the context of the Government's objectives for the planning system and building on the reforms already announced, the planning application process can be improved for the benefit for all involved."" 
In June 2008 Killian and Pretty published their interim document, "A Call for Solutions", asking stakeholders for ideas and solutions to the 17 questions laid out in the document.
The Final Report was published on 24 November 2008 and was launched by Hazel Blears MP and Margaret Beckett, Minister of State for Housing and Planning, at the Work Foundation. 

</doc>
<doc id="20219450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219450" title="Cecil Moriarty">
Cecil Moriarty

Cecil Charles Hudson Moriarty (1877–1958) was an Irish rugby international. He won one cap against Wales in 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="20219457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219457" title="Dante Rossi">
Dante Rossi

Dante Rossi (August 28, 1936 – March 15, 2013) was an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in Bologna, Italy.
In 1960 he was a member of the Italian water polo team which won the gold medal. He played five matches as goalkeeper. Four years later he finished fourth with the Italian team in the water polo competition at the Tokyo Games. He played six matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20219467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219467" title="Brunello Spinelli">
Brunello Spinelli

Brunello Spinelli (born May 26, 1939) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Florence.
In 1960 he was a member of the Italian water polo team which won the gold medal. He played two matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20219483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219483" title="Benjamin Franklin Medal">
Benjamin Franklin Medal

Benjamin Franklin Medal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20219502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219502" title="Herwig Kircher">
Herwig Kircher

Herwig Kircher (born 18 March 1955) is a former Austrian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20219503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219503" title="Finnish minelayer Ruotsinsalmi">
Finnish minelayer Ruotsinsalmi

Ruotsinsalmi was a minelayer of the Finnish Navy and the namesake of her class. "Ruotsinsalmi" was commissioned in 1940 and remained in service until 1975. The vessel was named after the battle of Ruotsinsalmi, which was fought between Sweden and Russia in 1790.
New minelayers for the navy.
Funding for two new minelayers had been secured as early as in 1937, but instead the money was used to refurbish the garrison at Mäkiluoto. 
"Ruotsinsalmi" and her sister vessel, "Riilahti", were intended as escort minesweepers for the Finnish navy's coastal defence ships "Ilmarinen" and "Väinämöinen", and they were therefore designed with a draft of only 1.5 m. "Ruotsinsalmi" was armed with one 75 mm gun, one Bofors 40 mm guns and two Madsen 20 mm anti-aircraft cannons. The vessel had three mine dropping rails, and could carry about 100 mines. The ship could also hunt submarines, and was equipped with sonar, depth charge throwers and rails. The vessel was also strong enough to be able to tow mine sweeping equipment. It was equipped with smoke generators so it could protect itself and other near-by vessels from the enemy.
During the Continuation War.
"Ruotsinsalmi" and "Riilahti" began mining the Gulf of Finland on June 26, 1941, immediately after the outbreak of the Continuation War. The first minefield, "Kipinola", "Ruotsinsalmi" laid together with "Riilahti" south-east of Hanko which was intended to block Soviet seaways to Hanko. Same group laid already on June 27 the next minefield, "Kuolemajärvi", north-west of Paldiski again to block route to Hanko. Another one, "Valkjärvi", was laid on 29–30 June. 
"Ruotsinsalmi" together with "Riilahti" participated in ferrying the Finnish gunboats past Hanko in August 1941. After two failed attempts by gunboats to rendezvous with minelayers on the nights of 25-26 and 27-28 August the minelayers penetrated the Soviet minefield and met with the gunboats west of Hanko and then escorted them through to Helsinki on 29 August 1941.
"Ruotsinsalmi" again with "Riilahti" were sent on 21 November to as minesweeping escorts for convoy of German ships consisting of two tugs and a depot ship headed to west through the Soviet minebarrier south of Hanko. However in the dark the convoy deviated from the swept route and as the sweeping gear became entangled with mines it had stop. Before the convoy managed to resume its journey, tug "Föhn" slipped outside of swept area and sank after hitting a mine but the rest of the convoy reached its destination. Voyage back through the minebarrier with a convoy of freighters started at midnight of 3 December after the escort group had been strengthened with German minesweepers "M 4" and "M 7" and it took place without any incidents.
"Ruotsinsalmi" was Finland's most active minelayer during the Second World War, laying a total of 3,967 sea mines and 541 sweeping obstacles. She was forced to lay mines against the Germans after the end of the hostilities with the Soviet Union in an attempt to hinder German submarine activity.
She participated in the sinking of two Soviet submarines, ShCh 317 on 15 July 1942 (along with VMV 16) and ShCh 408 on 25 May 1943 (along with VMV 6).
After the war.
"Ruotsinsalmi" had proven to be a sound design and well suited for its task. However, it continued to serve a number of different missions after the war. It ended its career as a diving support vessel (1973–1975). She was mothballed in Upinniemi, and there were plans to make her into a museum, but she was scrapped at the beginning of the 1990s, after the owners had failed to gather enough funds.

</doc>
<doc id="20219504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219504" title="Bombus balteatus">
Bombus balteatus

The Golden-belted Bumble Bee ("Bombus balteatus") is a species of bumblebee that can be found in Finland, northern Sweden, Russia, and North America from arctic Alaska, Canada, and mountains, and mountain ranges in USA such as Sierra Nevada and White Mountains down south to New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20219515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219515" title="Samia Shoaib">
Samia Shoaib

Samia Shoaib is an actress, filmmaker, and writer. She was born in Pakistan and raised in England. She moved to the United States where she studied English and Theater at the University of California, Berkeley and George Washington University. She studied acting at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts in London. She completed a Masters of Fine Arts at Columbia University.

</doc>
<doc id="20219518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219518" title="Bombus alpinus">
Bombus alpinus

Bombus alpinus is a species of bumblebee, that can be found in Austria, France, Germany, Romania, and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20219522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219522" title="George Lockwood Morris">
George Lockwood Morris

Sir George Lockwood Morris, 8th Baronet (29 January 1859 - 23 November 1947) was a Welsh industrialist and iron founder. He was also an international rugby union forward who won five caps for Wales. He played club rugby for Swansea, captaining the club through two seasons, and was the first Swansea player to represent Wales.
Biography.
George Lockwood Morris was born on 29 January 1859. He was the great-grandson in a junior branch of the family of Sir John Morris, 1st Baronet, the industrialist and founder of the suburb of Morriston in Swansea.
Between 1878 and 1884 he was a noted rugby player.
In 1889 he married Wilhelmina Cory of the Cory family at Swansea. They lived at Sketty, and had three children - Muriel, who died in her teens, Cedric Lockwood (1889-1982), who became a noted painter and plantsman, and Nancy (born 1893).
In 1947, at the age of 88, Morris inherited Morris baronetcy from a distant cousin, three months before his death.
Rugby career.
Morris joined the Swansea team in 1878, at the age of 19, and in the 1881/82 season he was awarded the captaincy of the Senior XV team, an honour he would hold for the next season.
On 28 January 28, 1882 Morris was selected for the Wales team in their first rugby match against Ireland. Under the captaincy of Charles Lewis, Wales won the game two goals and two tries to nil. Morris was selected for the next four Welsh matches including the very first rugby international played in Wales, at St. Helen's ground, Swansea, in 1883. His final game was in the 1884 Home Nations Championship, in a game played against Scotland at Rodney Parade in Newport. Wales lost the game by a drop goal and a try to nil. Morris and his Swansea team-mate Fred Andrews were both replaced from the pack, with Morris' place going to Cardiff's John Hinton.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20219541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219541" title="Battle of Berlin (film)">
Battle of Berlin (film)

Battle of Berlin () is a 1973 West German documentary film directed by Franz Baake and Jost von Morr. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20219558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219558" title="Battle of Berlin (disambiguation)">
Battle of Berlin (disambiguation)

Battle of Berlin can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20219567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219567" title="Bombus soroeensis">
Bombus soroeensis

Bombus soroeensis is a species of bumblebee. It bears the common names Broken-belted Bumble-bee and Ilfracombe Bumble-bee. The bumblebee is present in most of Europe and parts of Asia.
Description.
"Bombus soroeensis" is a relatively small bumblebee with a rather oblong face and a proboscis (tongue) of medium length. The body of the female is black with two yellow bands, one at the collar, one at the second tergite (abdominal segment). The latter often has black hair in the middle, thus dividing it into two. In males, the yellow abdominal band is broader, and usually covers most of the first tergite as well as the second. On both sexes the tail is white, often mixed with orange-yellow hairs. On the northern Scottish form, the female usually has an entirely white tail. Melanic forms can be found on the European continent. The bee reaches an average length of (queen, wingspan ), (worker), and (male).
Ecology.
The nest, which at most has about 80 to 150 workers, is usually underground. At least in Britain the bumblebee seems to favour uplands, heaths, and grasslands. Favourite flowers are clovers, ling and "Scabiosa" as bird's-foot trefoils.
Distribution.
In Eurasia this bumblebee is present from 70ºN in Scandinavia and 65ºN in Siberia, Russia in the north to the Alps, the Pyrenees, the Sierra de Ancares (Spain) and the Balkans in the south. In the west its distribution reaches the British mainland (including Skye and some minor Scottish islands, but excluding Ireland and the major Scottish islands), while in the east it extends to Lake Baykal in central Siberia, Mongolia, and, in the south-east, Anatolia and the northern Iranian mountains. In southern Britain, it has declined considerable since around 1960 and is now confided to spotty occurrences in west Wales, Cornwall with adjoining counties, northern England, Scotland and an isolated location in Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="20219578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219578" title="Bombus wurflenii">
Bombus wurflenii

Bombus wurflenii is a species of bumblebee, that is found in several parts of central and northern Europe to Turkey and the Krim peninsula in the south-east.
Description.
A bumblebee with a very short proboscis (tongue), powerful, toothed mandibles and a short head. The queen has a body length of to , a wing span of to and a black, shaggy fur with the three last terga (abdominal segments) red. The workers, which have body lengths ranging from to and wing spans from to , look like the queen, except for the lesser length. The males are to in length, have a wing span from to and are otherwise similar to the females. A lighter form, with most of thorax and the two anterior terga covered in pale fur exists.
Ecology.
The species is mainly found in mountainous areas. In the Balkans it is found from to , and in Turkey between and . The nest is small, containing 80 to 150 individuals.
The bumblebee predominately forages on flowers as Vaccinium, Lamiaceae, Scrophulariaceae and Fabaceae.
Distribution.
In Europe, it can be found in countries as Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Norway, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland,Scandinavia, the Ural and Caucasus in Russia, northern Turkey and the Crimea peninsula. It is absent from the British Isles, and the presence in Finland is disputed.

</doc>
<doc id="20219581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219581" title="Walls of Fire">
Walls of Fire

Walls of Fire is a 1971 documentary film directed by Herbert Kline and Edmund Penney. Narrated by Ricardo Montalbán, this documentary examines the history of Mexican murals and their artists. Among the works examined are those by José Clemente Orozco, Diego Rivera and David Alfaro Siqueiros. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. The documentary was also won a Golden Globe award for Best Documentary film in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20219587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219587" title="Victor Dominello">
Victor Dominello

Victor Michael Dominello MP (born 30 July 1967 in Ryde, New South Wales), an Australian politician, is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, representing the electorate of Ryde for the Liberal Party of Australia since 2008, and is the Minister for Citizenship, Communities and Aboriginal Affairs since 2011 in the Coalition state government.
After a career as a solicitor and Local Councillor, Dominello was elected to the Parliament of New South Wales following a Ryde by-election triggered by the resignation of his predecessor John Watkins. The by-election saw Dominello receive one of the largest recorded two-party swings in Australian political history at 23.1 percent. Dominello increased his margin at the 2011 election.
Early life and career.
Victor Dominello was born at Ryde Hospital and was educated at Holy Spirit School, North Ryde, and Marist College Eastwood. Victor Dominello then went on to study law through the Solicitors Admissions Board.
In 1991, Victor Dominello was admitted as a practitioner of the Supreme Court of New South Wales and the High Court of Australia after taking the Solicitor’s Admission Board Examinations. In one of his first cases, Victor Dominello represented applicants in the Maralinga cases, who sought compensation following the findings made by the Royal Commission into British nuclear tests in Australia. Victor Dominello successfully obtained an order that the limitation period be significantly extended to enable the applicants’ claims to be maintained.
In 1994, Victor Dominello commenced his employment with Etheringtons Solicitors of North Sydney, and in 2000, became a Partner. In 2000, Victor Dominello also represented applicants in complex proceedings in the Industrial Relations Commission of New South Wales, where staff members sought damages against members of Parliament and the Speaker of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for unfair contract. Following his election to the Parliament of New South Wales in October 2008, Dominello stepped down as partner at Etheringtons.
Political career.
Local government.
He joined the Liberal Party in the early 1990s, and in 1995 Dominello was elected as a Councillor for the City of Ryde. While on Council, Dominello was chair of a number of committees including the development committee and had a significant involvement in the establishment of the Ryde Aquatic Leisure Centre and the development of the Macquarie Business Park. Dominello served two terms, but did not nominate for the 2004 local government elections, citing his desire to concentrate on his legal career, and subsequently let his Liberal membership lapse.
New South Wales politics.
On 3 September 2008, Labor Deputy Premier John Watkins, who was also the local Member for Ryde, resigned from parliament, resulting in the need for a by-election. Dominello nominated for preselection and won, defeating Ryde Mayor Vic Tagg and several other local party members. Although Ryde was on paper a safe Labor seat with a majority of 10 percent, it had historically been marginal, and the government was struggling badly in the polls only a year after being reelected. Dominello went into the contest as the overwhelming favourite to win. He duly defeated Labor candidate Nicole Campbell in a landslide, receiving a swing of more than 25 points on the day of the by-election. The swing, at the time the largest a sitting NSW government had ever suffered, turned Ryde into a safe Liberal seat in one stroke. He was subsequently sworn as a member of the Legislative Assembly in on 25 October 2008.
Dominello was sworn in as a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly on 28 October 2008. Since then, he has spoken in Parliament about a number of local issues including the future of Ryde Hospital, the Homebush V8 Supercar race and the increase to the Parking Space Levy.
Dominello employed his legal expertise in the examination of the Government's covert search powers bill and discovered an omission in a section of the bill relating to the definition of serious offences. As a result, the Opposition was able to have the bill amended in the Legislative Council to reflect the discovery.
Dominello won the seat in his own right at the 2011 state election, picking up a healthy swing of 12.7 percent and increasing his majority to 75 percent, making Ryde the 10th safest Liberal seat. Following the electoral victory of the O'Farrell-Stoner Liberal-National coalition at that election, Dominello was appointed as Minister for Citizenship, Communities and Aboriginal Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20219593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219593" title="Ruotsinsalmi-class minelayer">
Ruotsinsalmi-class minelayer

The Ruotsinsalmi-class minelayers were a two-strong class of minelayers in the Finnish Navy.
Both ships were launched in 1940 and named after famous 18th-century sea battles between Sweden and Russia.
New minelayers for the navy.
Funding for two new minelayers had been secured as early as in 1937, but instead the money was used to refurbish the garrison at Mäkiluoto. "Riilahti" was launched on December 14, 1940, three weeks after her sister ship "Ruotsinsalmi". 
The vessels differed somewhat, "Riilahti" having an extensively modified propulsion system and hull, compared to its sister vessel.
Originally, the vessels were intended as escort minesweepers for the Finnish navy's coastal defence ships "Ilmarinen" and "Väinämöinen", and they were therefore designed with a draft of only 1.5 metres. The ships were armed with one 75 mm gun, one Bofors 40 mm guns and two Madsen 20 mm anti-aircraft cannons. The vessel had three mine dropping rails, and could carry about 100 mines. The ship could also hunt submarines, and was equipped with hydrophones, depth charge throwers and rails. The vessel was also strong enough to be able to tow minesweeping equipment. It was equipped with smoke generators so it could protect itself, and other near-by vessel from enemy vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="20219597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219597" title="Denis Sergeev">
Denis Sergeev

Denis Sergeyevich Sergeev or Denis Sergeyevich Sergeyev (Денис Сергеевич Сергеев; born March 21, 1982 in Vladimir Oblast, Russia) is a Russian amateur boxer who won the silver medal at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in the super heavyweight division.
Career.
Sergeev won a bronze in the 2005 Super-heavyweight Russian senior national championships losing 29:14 to Vladislav Vasilev and won a bronze again in 2006 losing to Magomed Abdusalamov in the semi final by 49:44. The following year in 2007 he won the title beating European champion Islam Timurziev 22:19 in the final and followed the success up in 2008 beating Shamil Gadzhiev to win the title.
In November 2007, Sergeev won the ""Good Luck Beijing"" International Boxing Tournament at the Beijing Workers' Indoor Arena, China, beating Michael Hunter of the USA 21-18 in the final.
European Amateur Championships 2008.
Sergeev represented Russia at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Liverpool, England. He won a silver medal after being defeated in the final 9:2 by Bulgarian Kubrat Pulev.
2008 (as a Super heavyweight)
2009.
At the 2009 World Amateur Boxing Championships he lost to Viktar Zuyev and dindnt medal.

</doc>
<doc id="20219598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219598" title="Stamboul Quest">
Stamboul Quest

Stamboul Quest is a 1934 spy film set in World War I starring Myrna Loy and George Brent.
Plot.
In 1915 Berlin, the German high command is worried about ally Turkey. Recent British attacks on the vital Dardanelles shows signs of inside knowledge. Von Sturm (Lionel Atwill), the head of German intelligence, is ordered to find out if Ali Bey (C. Henry Gordon), the Turkish commander of the region, is the traitor.
As his best agent has not been heard from in several weeks, von Sturm assigns Kruger (an uncredited Leo G. Carroll) the task. Shortly afterwards, Annemarie (Myrna Loy), known by the code name "Fräulein Doktor", returns after completing her mission. She also informs von Sturm that fellow spy Mata Hari has fallen in love and therefore can no longer be trusted. She recommends that an incriminating message be sent using a code that she knows has been broken by the Allies. In addition, she uncovers Kruger as a British double agent known as K-6.
When Kruger is arrested at his dentist contact's office, another patient, American medical student Douglas Beall (George Brent), is also taken into custody, though he is later released. Just to be sure though, von Sturm orders Annemarie to make sure Beall is innocent. She arranges to be rescued from an unwanted "suitor" by Beall, who invites her to his hotel suite. During the course of the evening, he confesses he has fallen in love with her, now going by the name Helena Bohlen. Helena is attracted to him, but when she reads a coded message from von Sturm informing her that he has taken her advice regarding Mata Hari, she abruptly leaves.
Beall persists however. When Helena boards the train to Constantinople, he follows her on the spur of the moment and continues courting her, despite her half-hearted attempts to discourage him. Her assistant Karl (Rudolph Anders) watches with growing concern. As they near the Turkish border, she orders Karl to return to Germany so Beall can use his visa.
To answer Beall's persistent questions, Helena has to admit she is a German spy. This has no effect on his love. Meanwhile, she attracts Ali Bey with her beauty. When she accepts his invitation to dinner, she poses as British agent K-6 and negotiates for vital information. To gain his trust, she arranges for Beall to be framed as a spy by von Sturm (who has arrived after becoming concerned by Karl's reports) and supposedly executed by firing squad, though a French prisoner is to be substituted. His suspicions (and jealousy) allayed, Ali Bey compromises himself and is arrested by his Turkish superiors.
When von Sturm admits that he was unable to make the switch and that Beall really was shot, Helena loses her sanity and is confined in a nunnery. Refusing to accept the truth, she expects her lover to find her and take her away. It turns out that von Sturm had lied in an attempt to avoid losing his best agent. He had not dared to risk antagonizing a then-neutral America. In the final scene, Helena is reunited with Beall.

</doc>
<doc id="20219600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219600" title="Bombus cingulatus">
Bombus cingulatus

Bombus cingulatus or small tree bumblebee is a species of bumblebee. It is found in Eurasia. Its appearance is similar to the tree bumblebee or Bombus hypnorum, but it is somewhat smaller, and generally establish smaller nests. The small tree bumblebee can also be told apart from the tree bumblebee by having darker hair forming a small band between the wingknots, something the tree bumblebee lacks.

</doc>
<doc id="20219603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219603" title="List of publications by Ottaviano Petrucci">
List of publications by Ottaviano Petrucci

This is a list of all known publications by Ottaviano Petrucci, an influential Italian printer of the 16th century. Most of these were reprinted several times during Petrucci's life, but in this list only dates of first publication are given. Some of the earlier publications (for instance, the Josquin masses) were reprinted separately, in Fossombrone, after Petrucci moved there around 1510; these reprints are listed. The vast majority of Petrucci's publications were published in Venice; those from his Fossombrone years are marked accordingly.

</doc>
<doc id="20219606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219606" title="Bombus monticola">
Bombus monticola

Bombus monticola is a species of bumblebee. It bears the common names bilberry bumblebee and mountain bumblebee. It is found in Europe.
Description.
"Bombus monticola" is a rather small, compact bumblebee with a broad head and a short tongue. The queens have an average length of , and a wingspan of . The corresponding lengths of the other castes are (worker), and (male). In the nominate subspecies the thorax is black, with exception of a yellow collar (quite broad on the males) and on the edge of the scutellum. The first, and the frontal part of the second terga (abdominal segments) are black, as the final tergite, but the rest of the abdomen is yellow to red. See however the Taxonomy section for other subspecies.
Ecology.
The bumbebee is normally a highland species, often found on bilberry, cranberry and cowberry ("Vaccinium vitis-idaea"). It is a pollen storer, that is actively feeding the larvae from a central pollen storage, rather than providing each larval cell with its own pollen container.
Taxonomy.
This species was long considered a form of "Bombus lapponicus"; hovever, it is now divided in a number of subspecies:
Distribution.
"Bombus monticola" is found in most mountainous areas of Europe, as northern Scandinavia (mostly Norway and northern Sweden; the distribution in Finland is rather patchy, and confined to the area along the Norwegian border), the Alps, the Cantabrian Mountains, the Pyrenees, the Apennines and in the Balkans. It is also found in the lowlands in northern Norway and the Kola peninsula as on the British Islands. In Britain it lives on upland habitat, predominantly moorland. The major areas populated by this bumblebee are Dartmoor, Exmoor, the Welsh uplands, the Peak District, the North York Moors and the Scottish mainland.
It is a recent arrival in Ireland (first recorded in the 1970s). In Ireland it is a montane species (hence the name). It is restricted to upland areas of counties Antrim (in the Northern Ireland part of Ulster) and Dublin, Wicklow, Carlow and Wexford in the province of Leinster in the Irish Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20219612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219612" title="Bombus jonellus">
Bombus jonellus

Bombus jonellus is a species of bumblebee that bears the common name heath humble-bee or small heath bumblebee. It is widely distributed in Europe and northern Asia, as well as northern North America.
Description.
A fairly small bumblebee, with body lengths around (queen), (worker) and (male). The queen has an average wingspan of . The face and proboscis (tongue) are short. Females (queens and workers) have a predominantly black abdomen with a yellow collar, the first and sometimes second terga yellow, and a white tail. The face is black, occasionally with a patch of yellow fur on the top. Males are similar, but with more yellow; the yellow collar continues on the ventral side, the two first terga are always yellow, and there is much more yellow fur on the face. However, there are darker forms of the females, as well as forms (sometimes considered subspecies) that differ in the amount of yellow in the fur, and with brownish hairs on the white tail. Among these are "B. jonellus hebridensis" (which is endemic to the Hebridean islands of Scotland), "B. jonellus monapiae" and. "B. jonellus vogtii". On the Orkney and the Hebrides a form exists where the males have red tails instead of white.
Ecology.
"Bombus jonellus" is found in gardens, meadows as well as on heath and moorland. The bumblebee visits various food sources as clover, bird's-foot trefoil, cowberry, thistles and many others.
The nest, which at most can contain 50 to 120 workers, can be situated both above ground and underground. When the climate permits, as in southern England, this species can have two broods a season. A study in northern Sweden shows that the males, when patrolling for young queens, do so at tree-top level marking twigs and leaves with pheromones to attract the queens.
Distribution.
"Bombus jonellus" is present in most of Europe and a large part of northern Asia. In the west it is common from Iceland in the north to Cantabrian Mountains in northern Spain. It is found beyond the Arctic Circle in Scandinavia and Russia, where it is continuous north of 55ºN, more uneven south of it. In southern Europe, the distribution too is patchy, and restricted to the mountains. In Asia it reaches the Gulf of Anadyr on the Pacific. In United Kingdom it is common in the south-east, in East Anglia, northern Scotland including the Hebrides, Orkney and Shetland. It is also found in Canada east to Hudson Bay and Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="20219622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219622" title="Bombus lapponicus">
Bombus lapponicus

Bombus lapponicus is a species of bumblebee that is found in Eurasia.

</doc>
<doc id="20219629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219629" title="Typhoon Billie">
Typhoon Billie

The name Billie has been used for nine tropical cyclones in the northwest Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="20219648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219648" title="Eurymedon Bridge (Aspendos)">
Eurymedon Bridge (Aspendos)

The Eurymedon Bridge was a late Roman bridge over the river Eurymedon (modern "Köprüçay"), near Aspendos in Pamphylia in southern Anatolia. The foundations and several remnants ("spolia") of the Roman structure were used by the Seljuqs to build a new bridge in the 13th century, the Köprüpazar Köprüsü, which stands to this day. The bridge is marked by a significant displacement of its course in the middle, following the ancient piers.
Roman bridge.
Structure.
The shape and course of the Roman-era bridge have been reconstructed digitally, based on the still extant remains of the ancient structure: parts of the ramps, the abutments, as well as the foundation of a pier. Several pieces of the original bridge were found scattered in the river bed and on both banks, but given the fact that they had been dislodged from their original position, they were not considered during the reconstruction.
As reconstructed, the bridge had a length of 259.50 m and a width of 9.44 m, featuring nine semicircular arches. It crossed the river at a straight angle, although its otherwise straight course bent slightly to the left on its right end. The two ramps provide important information on the overall height of the structure. The gradient on both is similar (12.3% for the left, 12.2% for the right), and on both ends, the slope ends already over the bank, before the main part of the bridge, which means that the level of the bridge itself remained constant, at a level c. 4.1 m higher than the later Seljuq structure.
This middle section stood on six arches, complemented on the two banks by three smaller arches (one on the right and two on the left) which served as spillways in case the river overflowed. At its normal level, the river flowed between the three central arches, constrained by double-wedge-shaped reinforcements of masonry, placed at the two outer pillars and intended to prevent their undermining by the river. These masonry structures were - according to the archaeological record - markedly higher on the upstream side (8.15 m) than on the downstream (4.76 m). In addition, wedge-shaped breakwaters were added on the piers, although not all piers feature them on both sides. The clear spans of the three central arches have been determined at 23.52 m for the central arch and 14.95 m for the two flanking arches, while the two piers supporting the central arch were measured at 9.60 m.
The gaps in the right end of the structure reveal the hollow chamber construction method of the bridge deck, typical of several Roman bridges in Asia Minor, e.g. the Aesepus Bridge. The great height of the ancient structure is further verified by the discovery of 1.5 m long iron threaded rods, which, bound together with hooks and loops, were used to reinforce the masonry in the bridge's foundations. The main body of the bridge was built using concrete, which survives in at least one Seljuq-era pier as a foundation.
Dating.
The exact date of the bridge's construction is uncertain. The date of construction is closely connected with the Aqueduct of Aspendos, parts of which were re-used in the bridge. In the outer shell of the bridge alone, 250 pipe-shaped stones from the aqueduct's main pressure conduit were re-used. Since the aqueduct has been known to have functioned until into the 4th century AD, that provides a "terminus post quem" for the construction of the Eurymedon bridge, although it is still possible that an earlier bridge already existed on this location. This bridge could possibly have been destroyed in the large earthquake of May 363, which also ruined the aqueduct, thus explaining the use of the latter's duct stones in the rebuilding of the bridge.
Seljuq bridge.
In the early 13th century, the Seljuq Sultan Kayqubad I (1219–1237) built a new bridge over the remains of the late antique structure, which had collapsed, probably also because of an earthquake. The Seljuq builders followed closely the course of the Roman remains, even in sections where the piers had been partly moved downstream from their original position; as a result, the Seljuq bridge features a quite sharp displacement. This zigzag course, formed by two successive, 90 degree bends, in combination with the pointed arches give the Seljuq-era bridge an appearance that is quite distinct from that of its Roman precursor.
The Seljuq bridge is also considerably reduced in dimensions, something that allowed the full use of the Roman remains. Thus, for instance, the reduction of the width to almost half the original made the integration of halfway surviving ancient piers possible. The medieval arches were also 4.1 m lower than the Roman ones, and the length of the bridge was shortened, so that the new bridge ramp began at the place where the Roman structure had already reached its final height level.
The bridge is mainly constructed of stone blocks, while parts of the antique structure have been reused, including the duct stones, which were built into the new ramp. Restoration works in the late 1990s in the bridge's crumbling breastwork also revealed stone inscriptions in Greek and Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="20219652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219652" title="Bombus consobrinus">
Bombus consobrinus

Bombus consobrinus is a species of bumblebee. 
Distribution.
It is found in Hungary, Northern Scandinavia, Kazakhstan, Russia (Saghalien, Siberia), China (Soyorei, Hebei, Liaoning), Korea (North and South) and Japan.
Description.
The bumblebee is large, with the thorax and anterior part of the abdomen coloured orange, followed by a black band. The tip of the abdomen is grey. 
Behaviour.
The bumblebee feeds almost entirely on the flowers of monkshood ("Aconitum").

</doc>
<doc id="20219664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219664" title="Bombus hortorum">
Bombus hortorum

Bombus hortorum is a species of bumblebee. It bears the common name garden bumblebee or small garden bumblebee, and can be found in most of Europe up to 70ºN, as well as parts of Asia and New Zealand.
Description.
This bumblebee has an oblong head and a very long glossa (tongue), up to , in some cases even . In fact the tongue is so long that the bee often fly with it extended when collecting nectar. The queen is of a very variable size, body length between and , wing span to . The workers are almost as big, the larger ones overlapping the smaller queens. The colour is black with a yellow collar, a narrow yellow band on the scutellum, and a third yellow band on terga (abdominal segments) 1 and 2. The tail is white. Darker forms, with little yellow in their fur, are common.
Ecology.
The nest, normally containing 50 to 120 workers, can be built both over and below ground. Due to its long tongue this bumblebee mainly visits flowers with deep corollae, as deadnettles, ground ivy, vetches, clovers, comfrey, foxglove, and thistles.
As most bumblebee males the males of this bumblebee patrol a fixed circuit marking objects along the route, about a metre above ground, with a pheromone to attract daughter queens. This behaviour was noted already by Darwin 1886 in his own garden.
Distribution.
This species is found in Europe up to 70ºN (in Scandinavia, south of the tundra). In the west its distribution reaches Iceland, where it probably has been introduced. In the south it extends to the middle of the Iberian Peninsula, to southern Italy (Calabria), northern Turkey and to the Mediterranean islands except Corsica, Sicily and (probably) Sardinia. It continues in northern and central Asia through Siberia to the Altai Mountains, and, in the south-east, to northern Iran. In 1885 it was introduced in New Zealand, where it still exists, however without being particularly common.
It is also found in America, namely Florida.
In Britain it is widespread through the entire region, including Orkney and Shetland.

</doc>
<doc id="20219665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219665" title="The Challenge... A Tribute to Modern Art">
The Challenge... A Tribute to Modern Art

The Challenge... A Tribute to Modern Art is a 1974 American documentary film directed by Herbert Kline. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20219670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219670" title="Walter Gordon (physicist)">
Walter Gordon (physicist)

Walter Gordon (August 13, 1893 – December 24, 1939) was a German theoretical physicist.
Life.
Walter Gordon was the son of businessman Arnold Gordon and his wife Bianca Gordon ("nee" Brann). The family moved to Switzerland in his early years. In 1900 he attended school in St. Gallen and in 1915 he began his studies of mathematics and physics at University of Berlin. He received his doctoral degree in 1921 from Max Planck. In 1922, while still at the University of Berlin, Gordon became the assistant of Max von Laue. In 1925, he worked for some months in Manchester with William Lawrence Bragg and later, at the Kaiser Wilhelm Society for fiber chemistry in Berlin. In 1926 he moved to Hamburg, where he attained the habilitation in 1929. In 1930 he became a professor. He married a local Hamburg woman, Gertrud Lobbenberg, in 1932. He moved to Stockholm in 1933 because of the political situation in Germany. While at the university he worked on mechanics and mathematical physics.
Notable works.
Oskar Klein and Walter Gordon proposed the Klein-Gordon equation to describe quantum particles in the framework of relativity.

</doc>
<doc id="20219677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219677" title="Bombus distinguendus">
Bombus distinguendus

Bombus distinguendus is a species of bumblebee. It bears the common name great yellow bumblebee, and can be found in such European countries as Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Hungary, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Switzerland, Northern part of Russia, and North America.
It is endangered species in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20219687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219687" title="Bombus subterraneus">
Bombus subterraneus

The short-haired bumblebee or short-haired humble-bee, Bombus subterraneus, is a species of bumblebee found in Eurasia, as well as in New Zealand, where it is an introduced species.
"B. subterraneus" was one of four species of bumblebee introduced into New Zealand from the United Kingdom between 1885 and 1906 for pollination of red clover. In New Zealand it is the rarest of the four species, with small numbers at a few locations in inland South Island. The last recorded sighting of "B. subterraneus" in the United Kingdom was in 1988 and it is believed extinct there. A programme was started in 2009 to reintroduce it to the United Kingdom with queen bees from New Zealand. The programme was run by Natural England, the Bumblebee Conservation Trust, the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds and bee and wasp charity Hymettus. However this was not a success as many of the queens died during hibernation. DNA analysis of the New Zealand bees showed they lacked genetic diversity. In 2012 a second attempt was made to re-introduce the short-haired bumblebee using queens from Skåne province of southern Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20219690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219690" title="Commemorative circulation coins of Lithuania">
Commemorative circulation coins of Lithuania

The Commemorative circulation coins of Lithuania are minted by the Lithuanian mint (Lithuanian: "Lietuvos monetų kalykla"), headquartered in Vilnius, Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="20219702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219702" title="1948 Locomotive Exchange Trials">
1948 Locomotive Exchange Trials

The 1948 Locomotive Exchange Trials were organised by the newly nationalised British Railways (BR). Locomotives from the former "Big Four" constituent companies (GWR, LMS, LNER, SR) were transferred to and worked on other regions. Officially, these comparisons were to identify the best qualities of the four different schools of thought of locomotive design so that they could be used in the new BR standard designs. However, the testing had little scientific rigour, and political influence meant that LMS practice was largely followed by the new standard designs regardless. However, the trials were useful publicity for BR to show the unity of the new British Railways.
LMS engines operated over the Southern Region where there were no water troughs were paired with four-axled ex-WD tenders with larger water tanks. These were specially given LMS lettering for the occasion. Similarly, ex-Southern types used elsewhere were paired with ex-LMS tenders with water scoops.
Locomotives used were as follows (NB numbers given should be the ones carried at the time, so this is a somewhat curious mixture of old pre-nationalisation numbers, prefixed numbers, and new BR numbers):

</doc>
<doc id="20219720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219720" title="Giovanni Maria Alemanni">
Giovanni Maria Alemanni

Giovanni Maria Alemanni (also "Joannis Marie", "Gian Maria", etc.) (fl. 1st quarter of the 16th century) was an Italian composer and lutenist. Practically nothing is known about his life or work. The only known collection of his music, published in 1508 by Ottaviano Petrucci, is lost. He was still active in 1521, and apparently was one of the last exponents of the plectrum technique (Wilson, 1997, citing Franco Pavan). Alemanni's reputation was probably quite high: in 1536 the printer Francesco Marcolini praised him as one of the best composers of his time, along with Giovanni Angelo Testagrossa and Josquin des Prez (Ness, Grove).

</doc>
<doc id="20219722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219722" title="The Io Passion">
The Io Passion

The Io Passion is a chamber opera with music by Harrison Birtwistle and a libretto in English by Stephen Plaice. It was commissioned jointly by the Aldeburgh Festival, Almeida Opera and the Bregenz Festival in Austria.
Performance History.
"The Io Passion" premiered at the Snape Maltings as part of the Aldeburgh Festival on 11 June 2004 in a production directed by Stephen Langridge. It was then performed in July 2004 at the Almeida Theatre in London and at the Bregenz Festival. The work had its German premiere in Berlin on 7 November 2008 in a production by the Berliner Kammeroper, directed by Kay Kuntze.
Critical reception.
Reviews have generally been favourable, particularly in respect of Birtwistle's music. The composer's virtuosic use of a chamber ensemble, rather than the huge orchestral and electronic forces deployed, for instance, in "The Mask of Orpheus", is generally seen as having produced an intensely atmospheric and psychologically insightful score. 
Some critics found "The Io Passion" dated in its attitudes to sexuality. "The notion that a holiday fling on a Greek island - however intense the connection, however heavy with meaning, however supernatural - might be analogous to the rape of Io by Zeus is peculiar enough. That that analogy might be titillating to someone whose former lover has effectively become her stalker smacks of the era when liberal men would chomp on their cigars while discussing the female orgasm." 
Others, like "Alban Nikolai Herbst", found more unsettling depths beneath apparent glibness. Discussing a scene in which ferocious argument leads to a passionate kiss, he writes, "Harrison Birtwistle's opera, then, does "not" merely concern itself with the truth of the mythical parable - how the ancient Cretan matriarchy was conquered by invading tribes, how the Mother Goddess was usurped by a Zeus whose barbarian horniness knew no bounds... That is a sinister and accurate picture, the picture of the powerlessness of cultures. But still, it isn't that simple. Something else is working through these characters and gods, something beyond their own will. Zeus is not merely an overpowerer. Io also wants to "be overpowered", even though after the event, with the full righteousness of an emancipated woman, she denounces his raw aggression. Relations here are not merely not simple. They are complex... There "is" that scene with the kiss. And it rings true."
The music.
"The Io Passion" is scored for a chamber ensemble. The "rich circadian cycle of nocturnes and aubades for string quartet and basset clarinet is punctuated by ravishing ariettas, spluttered outbursts of unresolved argument and high-arching angular recitative".
Synopsis.
A man, outside a house, and a woman, within it, watch and wait. The man posts a letter. The woman swats away a fly which is irritating her.
The same scene is re-enacted in variations of increasing complexity, gradually unveiling layers of stories from the past. The man and the woman met at Lerna in Greece, the venue of one of the Mysteries of the ancient world, and the place where Zeus seduced the priestess Io and turned her into a heifer to hide her from his jealous wife, Hera. Hera sent a gadfly to madden the heifer, and Io roamed the world trying to flee it.
The intense, compulsive passion of the lovers at Lerna awoke the ancient gods, who scented sacrifice. An outrage was committed, which has never been avenged. Back in the city, the woman refuses to see the man, clinging to her domestic routine and trying to deal with the terrible manifestation they witnessed in Greece. But neither the gods nor the man will leave the woman alone, and the civilised veneer of her existence is gradually stripped away.

</doc>
<doc id="20219725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219725" title="1971 France rugby union tour of South Africa">
1971 France rugby union tour of South Africa

The 1971 France rugby union tour of South Africa was a series of matches played by the France national rugby union team in South Africa in June 1971. The French team drew one and lost one of their international matches against the South Africa national rugby union team.

</doc>
<doc id="20219732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219732" title="The 81st Blow">
The 81st Blow

The 81st Blow ( and also known as The Eighty-First Blow) is a 1974 Israeli documentary film directed by Haim Gouri. The film covers the oppression of Jews under the Nazis and features rare historical footage of concentration camps. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Documentary Feature. The title is derived from a comment by a witness at Adolf Eichmann's trial. According to his testimony, he was whipped 80 times by the Nazis, but was not believed by Israelis after the war; this final doubt of his own people was the "81st blow". "The 81st Blow" is the first film in the Israeli Holocaust Trilogy by Bergman, Ehrlich and Gouri. It was followed by "The Last Sea" (1980) and "Flames in the Ashes" (1985).

</doc>
<doc id="20219736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219736" title="1975 France rugby union tour of South Africa">
1975 France rugby union tour of South Africa

The 1975 France rugby union tour of South Africa was a series of matches played by the France national rugby union team in South Africa in May and June 1975. The French team played eleven matches, of which they won six, lost four and drew one. They lost the Test Series 2–0 to the Springboks.
Touring party.
Full Backs.
Jean-Michel Aguirre, Michel Droitecourt, Jean-Pierre Pesteil
Three-Quarters.
Jean-Charles Amade, Jean-Luc Averous, Christian Badin, Roland Bertanne,Maurice Dupey, Jean-Martin Etchenique, Dominique Harize, Francois Sangali
Half-Backs.
Jacques Fouroux, Jean-Pierre Romeau
Richard Astre
Forwards.
Yves Brunet, Gerard Cholley, Jean Costantino, Jean-Pierre Decrae,Joel Forestlier, Alain Guilbert, Francis Haguet, Jean-Luc Joinel, Michel Julian, Serge Lassoujade, Robert Paparombourde, Patrice Peron,Daniel Revaillier, Marc Rousett, Jean-Claude Skrela, Michel Yachili 

</doc>
<doc id="20219742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219742" title="Dewsbury (disambiguation)">
Dewsbury (disambiguation)

Dewsbury may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20219749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219749" title="Anna Zwirydowska">
Anna Zwirydowska

Anna Zwirydowska (born January 28, 1986) is a Polish female freestyle wrestler. She won a bronze medal at the 2008 FILA Wrestling World Championships in the category "-55 kg". 
She committed an anti-doping rule violation during in-competition doping control at the 2008 Women’s World Championships in Tokyo, Japan. As a result, Ms. Zwirydowska has been disqualified and removed from the classification standings.

</doc>
<doc id="20219751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219751" title="1993 France rugby union tour of South Africa">
1993 France rugby union tour of South Africa

The 1993 France rugby union tour of South Africa was a series of eight matches played by the France national rugby union team in South Africa in June and July 1993. The French team won four matches, drew two and lost two. They won their two match international series against the South Africa national rugby union team, drawing the first game and winning the second for a one-nil series victory. The tour was marred by a serious facial injury suffered by the captain, Jean-François Tordo, who was raked by Garry Pagel in the match against Western Province. Tordo required 50 stitches and plastic surgery and took no further part in the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20219772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219772" title="Business of British Bangladeshis">
Business of British Bangladeshis

British Bangladeshis are people who arrived from Bangladesh to the United Kingdom, and throughout the years have started to create new businesses throughout the country, especially in Brick Lane, where there are many Bangladeshi restaurants. Bangladeshis were the first to have started the Curry Industry in the UK, from small businesses. The curry is now regarded as Britain's favorite dish. Many others also own supermarket stores specialising in Bangladeshi products, and also in the media, the main Bengali channels - Bangla TV and Channel S.
Curry industry.
Today many of the Bangladeshi community are now part of the Curry Industry in Britain, more than 8 out of 10 Indian restaurants in the UK are owned by Bangladeshis. The number of restaurants owned by Bangladeshis increased rapidly years after years. In 1946, there were 20 restaurants or small cafes which were owned by Bengalis; then in 1960 there were 300 owned; and by 1980, more than 3,000 have been created by them. Now, as of today there are 8,500 Indian restaurants, of which around 7,200 are Bangladeshi. One of the main dishes in those restaurants, the chicken tikka masala, is now regarded as Britain's national food dish. The curry industry is seen as a great success for Bangladeshis living in Britain, the industry which changed the culture of food in British cuisine. Chicken tikka masala is now served in restaurants around the globe, and a UK survey claimed it is the country's most popular restaurant dish. One in seven curries sold in the UK is a chicken tikka. The popularity of the dish lead the UK Foreign Minister to proclaim it as Britain's true national dish, the former prime minister, Tony Blair also recognised it as the favourite dish, by eating at Bangladeshi curry restaurant for his daughter's birthday.
Curry threat.
In April 2008, restaurants owned by Bangladeshis came under threat. Many of those who work in these businesses are recent immigrants legally brought in from outside the UK. The British government announced it would change immigration laws for these workers, blocking access for high skilled chefs from Bangladesh. The law demanded these workers speak fluent English, and have good formal qualifications in order to meet the requirements of society and work in Britain.
These laws have not only affected the Bangladeshis, but have hit other migrant workers from China and India. However, the legislation may have a particularly dramatic effect on Bangladeshis because so many of them rely heavily on the curry business. It has been estimated that 30% of their restaurant businesses are seriously threatened by these new laws. On 20 April 2008, 44,000 people gathered and protested in London, including Bangladeshis, Chinese and Indians and other groups who were unhappy with the changes to the law. They argued their contribution to the economy of the United Kingdom meant they deserved better treatment.
Local business.
Many other Bangladeshis own grocery stores. Whitechapel is a thriving local street market which is located opposite the famous Royal London Hospital, which is the largest hospital in Britain. The market offers many low-priced goods for the people working in the area and the local Bengali community. People will go to grab a bargain everyday from Monday to Saturday, which contains with over 80 stalls selling many products and foods, everything from fresh fruit to fish, clothing, bedding, carpets, jewellery and electrical goods such as toys. The nearby East London Mosque ensures a steady stream of visitors and many stalls now sell Indian spices and exotic vegetables as well as great quality silks and saree fabric.
In Brick Lane, other than curry being served, there are many Bengali staples available such as jack fruit, betel nut and paan leaves and frozen fish caught from the Surma River. Various travel agents offer many flights to Sylhet with the national airline, Biman Bangladesh Airlines, for around £500 and a new airline called, Air Sylhet was created by British Bangladeshi diaspora, offering low cost flights between both countries.
Every Bangladeshi business located in the East End seems to hark back to the city of Sylhet, for example the weekly Sylheter Dak - which has a UK circulation of around 7,000 a week; a shop called Sylhet Stores; a lawyers' office called Sylhet & Co; and a Bangladeshi Welfare Association. There are also booming black market in money transfer, such as First Solution Money Transfer which in June 2007, the company went into liquidation owing nearly £2 million to the public who used their services. Seamark and Ibco, owned by millionaire Iqbal Ahmed, Taj Stores, First Bangladeshi Real Estates in UK called Masha Estates Ltd and many others. 
There also hundreds of fast food stores scattered across east London, owned by Bangladeshis. Mainly named as Perfect Fried Chicken or Halal Fried Chicken and many other names. These fast food shops are primarily found in the area of Stepney Green.
Media.
People have gone beyond by working in media, where the first Bangladeshi channel abroad was created called Bangla TV in 1999, and later another channel called Channel S in 2004, its slogan 'Working for the community' reflects on the programs it broadcasts, with many talk shows offering advice from lawyers and barristers such as 'Legal Advice', talk shows, Bengali film and entertainment, an Islamic voice for the community, and much of the channel is broadcast in the community language, Sylheti - the only Bangladeshi channel to do so. It has recently launched, and a new game show called 'Win A Car', which offers people to win a Mercedes-Benz C-class, which 'specifically targets the British Bangladeshi community', 'the first entertainment in Sylheti'. Since then the channel had acquired the rights to broadcast the Baishakhi Mela, and there has been bitter rivalry between both channels. Also Bangla news published from London are Weekly Surma, Notun Din, Jonomot, daily Amader Protidin, Probasha Protidin, Potrica etc. Other notable business companies include, NRB Media, Masha Estates Ltd, Purple i - an IT expert company providing solutions to many restaurants,
First Solution Money Transfer.
In July 2007, a British-based firm called 'First Solution Money Transfer' went into liquidation. Company chairman, Dr Fazal Mahmood, admitted the business owed hundreds of thousands of pounds to the public. The firm claimed it had lost control of the money it handled due to a lack of regulation in this fast-growing sector of the economy.
The company was heavily used by the Bangladeshi community to send money to relatives in Bangladesh. However, huge amounts of this cash were lost. The scandal provoked anger amongst the community. Dr Mahmood received death threats and his home was pelted with eggs. Local leaders asked tough questions about the business's management, and the MP George Galloway raised the matter in the House of Commons. It eventually emerged that the company had lost an estimated 1.7 million pounds of public money.

</doc>
<doc id="20219777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219777" title="The Wild and the Brave">
The Wild and the Brave

The Wild and the Brave is a 1974 documentary film directed by Eugene S. Jones. The film portrays the relationship between Iain Ross, the outgoing British Chief Warden of Kidepo Valley National Park and his Ugandan replacement Paul Ssali. It portrays the racial and cultural tensions and amity of the postcolonial handover from 1970 to 1972.
It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
The film also carried the alternative title, "Two Men of Karamoja". 

</doc>
<doc id="20219784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219784" title="Brynmenyn">
Brynmenyn

Brynmenyn is a small village located at the confluence of the Garw and Ogmore rivers in south Wales, around 4 miles north of Bridgend, and it also in the Bridgend County Borough council area. The village has its own primary school.
Transport.
The A4065 road runs through the village; to the west this leads to Tondu, and to the east it heads to Abergarw and Bryncethin. The A4064 road starts in the village and heads north towards Llangeinor. A disused railway runs through the village, and the village formerly had a railway station.
Leisure.
Bryngarw Country Park is situated on the north-western boundary of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="20219802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219802" title="History of Ecuador (1860–95)">
History of Ecuador (1860–95)

This is a summary of the history of Ecuador from 1860-1895. Gabriel García Moreno is the father of Ecuadorian conservatism and no doubt the most controversial figure in the nation's history, condemned by Liberal historians as Ecuador's worst tyrant but exalted by Conservatives as the nation's greatest nation-builder. In the end, both appraisals may be accurate; the man who possibly saved Ecuador from disintegration in 1859 and then ruled the nation with an iron fist for the subsequent decade and a half was, in fact, an extremely complicated personality. Born and raised under modest circumstances in Guayaquil, he studied in Quito, where he married into the local aristocracy, then traveled to Europe in the aftermath of the 1848 revolutionary uprisings and studied under the eminent Catholic theologians of the day.
Shortly after the onset of his third presidential term in 1875, García Moreno was hacked to death with a machete on the steps of the presidential palace. The exact motives of the assassin, a Colombian, remain unknown, but the dictator's most outstanding critic, the liberal journalist Juan Montalvo, exclaimed, "My pen killed him!"
Between 1852 and 1890, Ecuador's exports grew in value from slightly more than US$1 million to nearly US$10 million. Production of cacao, the most important export product in the late 19th century, grew from 6.5 million kilograms to 18 million kilograms during the same period. The agricultural export interests, centered in the coastal region near Guayaquil, became closely associated with the Liberals, whose political power also grew steadily during the interval. After the death of García Moreno, it took the Liberals twenty years to consolidate their strength sufficiently to assume control of the government in Quito.
Five different presidents governed during the two decades of transition between Conservative and Liberal rule. The first, Antonio Borrero, tried valiantly to return the nation to the rule of law, but, after only ten months in office, he was overthrown by the only military dictator of the period, Ignacio de Veintemilla. Although he came to power with the help of the old Liberal General Urbina, Veintemilla later evolved into a populist military dictator rather than a politician with any party or ideological affiliation. He was extremely popular with his troops and able to woo the masses with employment on public works programs and large-scale public festivals and dances during holiday periods. In office until 1883, Veintemilla enjoyed a period of relative prosperity resulting primarily from increased maritime activity while Peru, Bolivia, and Chile were mired in the War of the Pacific.
José María Plácido Caamaño, a Conservative, then served as president until 1888, and he remained a powerful figure during the administrations of the duly elected Progressive Party (Partido Progresista) presidents who followed him, Antonio Flores Jijón and Luis Cordero Crespo. Flores, who was the son of President Juan José Flores, intended progressivism to represent a compromise position between liberalism and conservatism. The Progressive program called for support for the Roman Catholic Church, rule by law, and an end to dictatorship and military rule. Although neither Caamaño, Flores, nor Cordero was able to curtail the growing animosity between Conservatives and Liberals, their periods in office were, for the most part, characterized by relative political stability and prosperity. The latter resulted more from favorable international circumstances for cacao exports than from astute government policy making.
In 1895, midway through his term in office, Cordero fell victim to scandal and charges of "selling the flag" over an agreement made with Chile. Cordero allowed the warship "Esmeralda", which Chile was selling to Japan, to fly the Ecuadorian flag briefly in order to protect Chile's neutrality in the conflict between Japan and China. Bribes were apparently involved and, tremendously weakened by the scandal and also challenged by the outbreak of several military rebellions, the president resigned in April. In June the Liberals seized power in Guayaquil in the name of their most popular caudillo, General José Eloy Alfaro Delgado. Three months later, "the old battler" (a name Alfaro had earned during his armed struggle against García Moreno) returned after a decade of exile in Central America and marched triumphantly into Quito. It was the end of Ecuador's brief experiment with progressivism and the beginning of three stormy decades of rule by the Radical Liberal Party (Partido Liberal Radical--PLR), commonly referred to as the Liberal Party (Partido Liberal).

</doc>
<doc id="20219803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219803" title="ELA-2">
ELA-2

ELA-2, short for Ensemble de Lancement Ariane 2 (French for Ariane Launch Area 2), was a launch pad at the Centre Spatial Guyanais in French Guiana. It was used by Arianespace for two Ariane 3 launches (V17 in 1986, V25 in 1988), the second Ariane 2 launch in 1987 (the 20th Ariane launch), and all 116 Ariane 4 launches between 1988 and 2003. Following the retirement of the Ariane 4 in favour of the Ariane 5, ELA-2 was deactivated. In September 2011 the pad's mobile service tower was demolished using explosives.

</doc>
<doc id="20219816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219816" title="Banamsan">
Banamsan

Banamsan is a mountain in the county of Hwacheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20219818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219818" title="Kamchia (biosphere reserve)">
Kamchia (biosphere reserve)

The Kamchia Biosphere Reserve, () is a UNESCO-listed biosphere reserve on the northern coastline of Bulgaria, comprising the floodplain at the mouth of the Kamchia River. Consisting largely of alluvial longose groves, (or the "Longoz" as its also known), but also featuring some of the Black Sea coastline, the area of the protected habitats in the reserve, together with Kamchia Sands Protected Area, totals 1.200 ha. It protects the primeval forest from intensive logging and drainage that had decimated it by mid-20th century and was established in 1977. It is situated 25 km south of the town of Varna and is enclosed by the villages of Staro Oriahovo, Shkorpilovtsi and Bliznatsi.
History.
The reserve was established in 1951 to protect the remnants of floodplain forests which had once covered a considerably larger area. The biosphere reserve itself was established in 1977, as with all other Biosphere Reserves in Bulgaria. The area has been subject to logging and drainage attempts in the past. The reserve is currently under revision.
Geography.
The core area of the reserve is 842.1 ha, (with a buffer zone of 230 ha), some 764 ha of it is afforested, and the rest 78.1 ha is not afforested, (34.5 ha of meadows, 0.4 ha of channels, 3.3 ha of openings, 21.8 ha of swamps, 9.9 ha of marshlands etc.), the reserve is 40 km in length and reaches 5 km in width in some areas. The "Longoz" forests in the lower course of the river are the best representatives of their kind throughout Europe. Within the reserve there are remnant riverine forests, small freshwater marshes of Phragmites and Typha along the riverbank, arable land (the former Staro-Oryachovo marshes), a beach with sand-dunes, and a sea bay. 
Fauna.
The area is a key site for birds and harbors almost 200 species, eight of which are considered endangered and are listed under the IUCN Red List. The site is important for wintering Cygnus cygnus and is the most important breeding area in Bulgaria for Dendrocopos medius and Ficedula semitorquata. The locality is also a major migratory bottleneck site, where 60,000 or more white storks pass overhead each autumn. Birds include a small colony of little egrets (Egretta garzetta) and the rare half-collared flycatcher (Ficedula albicollis semitorquata).
Twenty-five fish species have been recorded in the river, seven of which are listed under the IUCN Redlist, including wild common carp, (Cyprinus carpio), Knipowitschia caucasica and the Aral Stickleback, (Pungitius platygaster). 
Mammals in the biosphere reserve include roe deer (Capreolus capreolus), wild boar (Sus scrofa), pine marten (Martes martes) and fox (Vulpes vulpes) There are also many reptiles and amphibians, including European pond turtle (Emys orbicularis), tessellated water snake (Natrix tessellata) and alligator lizard (Ophisaurus apodus).
There are twenty-five species of small mammals known to inhabit the reserve, including the European Otter, (Lutra lutra), which is on the European IUCN Red List.
Flora.
The forests are dominated by ash (Fraxinus oxyphylla), Ulmus, oak (Quercus pedunculiflora), Acer and Alnus, with scrub of Crataegus monogyna, Cornus, Paliurus and Ligustrum, and lianas of Clematis, Smilax and Periploca.
Environment and Pollution.
Most of the pollution in the reserve is associated with the River Kamchia's load and pollutants present there, however, that litter from tourists was once a major problem for the local authorities. Mainly this was because there was bridge which allowed people to visit the reserve. It was later destroyed and litter became less of a problem, however since it is still possible to cross the river mouth on to the beach area of the reserve, "(see image)", the problem has not entirely been resolved. Additionally litter and industrial pollutants are regularly washed up on the shore, much of which either come from the port of Varna or the nearby Resort of Kamchia, (which shares the same beach line).
Pollution associated with the river.
A 2006 study conducted by the Institute of Oceanology and the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences on the water quality and its impact on the Black Sea coastal zone, ("and so on the reserve as well") concluded that
Other environmental issues are that the river is purportedly becoming marshy. The water lily, torfaceous snowdrop, and white Kamchia lily are also disappearing according to the World Wildlife Fund. The Storage Battery Plant in Targovishte is a significant polluter, (spilling heavy metals), of the Kamchia River.
Cattle breeding is the second major source of water pollution and directly affects sources of drinking water. Due to a serious lack of water purification stations on cattle farms, non-purified waste waters pour into the various water basins. The same holds for the underground waters, as nitrates, phosphates, and other macroelements used in farming are dissolved and washed away by rains, to appear subsequently in water basins and mineral springs. As the river runs directly through the biosphere reserve, it has a strong impact ecosystems within it. Since the entire area is irrigated by the river all of the animals and plants living there are dependent on it for their survival.
However on a more positive outlook, as a result of improvements to the River Kamchia, it no longer floods the dense forest. This is was seen as responsible for the appearance of Dutch elm disease, which was causing great damage to elms and ashes.

</doc>
<doc id="20219823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219823" title="Jacob Mossel">
Jacob Mossel

Jacob Mossel (28 November 1704 – 15 May 1761) went from being a common sailor to become Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1750 to 1761.
He was of noble birth, born in Enkhuizen. When he was 15 he left as an able-bodied seaman aboard a Fluyt (a type of Dutch sailing cargo vessel) called "de Haringthuyn", bound for the Indies. As his family had a coat of arms, he was able to obtain a privileged position, through Dirk van Cloon, and was sent to the Dutch Coromandel (1721). On the 30th of March 1730, he married Adriana Appels, the fourteen-year old stepdaughter of Adriaan van Pla, Governor of Dutch Coromandel. Jacob Mossel worked himself up finally to "Governor and Director" of Dutch Coromandel. In 1740 he got the title of "Counsellor-extraordinary of the Indies" and in 1742 he became a member of the Dutch Council of the Indies ("Raad van Indië") in Batavia/Jakarta. In 1745, he became the first Director of the Amfioensociëteit, which tried to regulate its monopoly of the trade in opium. In 1747, he was named as the "Director-General" (the second highest post in the Dutch East Indies). When in 1750, Gustaaf Willem van Imhoff died, Mossel succeeded him as Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies. He remained in post until his own death in 1761.
Jacob Mossel ruled the Indies during a period in which things got steadily worse for the Dutch East India Company. He made may economies and he ended the war in Bantam Province,recognising that his predecessor had handled things badly. The Dutch were threatened by the expansion of the British East India Company. In the battle for Bengal, Mossel lost to the British. Mossel was a supporter of the policy to allow private entrepreneurs to trade for themselves in the territory of the Indies. This concerned small scale trading in which the Company could make no profit. Following that, Batavia/Jakarta underwent a period of growth, which, because of his successors tax regulations, came to nothing. The Company was plagued by corruption and self-interest among its office holders. Jacob Mossel was also involved in this. His great fortune could not in any case have been put together from his official salary. The initiatives he took against corruption were not very effective. To curb exaggerated displays of wealth, in 1754 he brought in a so-called ""Regulation against pomp and splendour"", which tried to lay down exactly what wealth an officer could display. These details went from the number of buttonholes they could have to the size of their houses. Of course, the regulations did not apply to himself, and there was great feasting at his daughter's wedding. After his death at Batavia/Jakarta, from a wasting disease, he was given a magnificent funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="20219839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219839" title="2004 Abierto Mexicano de Tenis Telefonica Movistar">
2004 Abierto Mexicano de Tenis Telefonica Movistar

The 2004 Abierto Mexicano de Tenis Telefonica Movistar was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 11th edition of the men's tournament (4th for the women) of the event known that year as the Abierto Mexicano de Tenis Telefonica Movistar, and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2004 ATP Tour, and of the Tier III Series of the 2004 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Fairmont Acapulco Princess in Acapulco, Mexico, from March 1 through March 7, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20219857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219857" title="History of Ecuador (1895–1925)">
History of Ecuador (1895–1925)

This is a summary of the history of Ecuador from 1895-1925. Eloy Alfaro is the outstanding standard-bearer for Ecuador's Liberals, much as Gabriel García Moreno is for the Conservatives. Some Marxist groups have also looked to Alfaro; although his political program was in no way socialist, it did prove to be revolutionary in the extent to which it stripped the Roman Catholic Church of the power and privileges previously granted to it by García Moreno. Catholic officials and their Conservative allies did not give up without a fight, however. During the first year of Alfaro's presidency, Ecuador was ravaged by a bloody civil war in which clergymen commonly incited the faithful masses to rise in rebellion against the "atheistic alfaristas" and were, just as commonly, themselves victims of alfarista repression. The foreign-born Bishops Pedro Schumacher of Portoviejo and Arsenio Andrade of Riobamba led the early resistance to Alfaro. A fullfledged bloodbath may well have been averted only through the magnanimous efforts of the outstanding historian and Archbishop Federico González Suárez, who urged the clergy to abandon the pursuit of politics.
The Liberals can be credited with few further accomplishments of major proportions. The system of debt peonage that lingered in the sierra came under government regulations, albeit weak ones, and imprisonment for debts was finally outlawed in 1918. These and other limited social benefits gained by the Native Ecuadorians and the mixedblood montuvio (coastal mestizo) working class were overshadowed by the ruinous economic decline world wide and the severe repression of the nascent labor movement at the hands of the Liberals during the early 1920s. Furthermore, Liberal rule did little to foster the development of stable democracy. On the contrary, the first half of the period saw even more illegal seizures of power and military-led governments than in previous decades.
A major cause of the instability of the period was the lack of unity within the PLR itself. Alfaro and a second military strongman, General Leónidas Plaza Gutiérrez, maintained a bitter rivalry over party leadership for almost two decades. Following Alfaro's first period in the presidency, Plaza was elected to a constitutional term of office that lasted from 1901 until 1905. In 1906, shortly after a close associate of Plaza had been elected to succeed him, however, Alfaro launched a coup d'état and returned to the presidency. Alfaro, in turn, was overthrown in 1911 after refusing to hand power over to his own hand-picked successor, Emilio Estrada. Four months later, Estrada's death from a heart attack precipitated a brief civil war that climaxed the rivalry between Alfaro and Plaza. Alfaro returned from his exile in Panama to lead the Guayaquil garrison in its challenge to the Quito-based interim government, which was under the military authority of General Plaza. The rebellion was quickly defeated, however; Alfaro was captured and transported to Quito via the same railroad that he had done so much to complete. Once in the capital, Alfaro was publicly and unceremoniously murdered, along with several of his comrades, by a government-instigated mob. Uprisings by his supporters (see Concha Revolution) were crushed. 
Shortly thereafter, Plaza was inaugurated into his second presidential term in office. It was the first of four consecutive constitutional changes of government: following Plaza (1912–16) came Alfredo Baquerizo Moreno (1916–20), then José Luis Tamayo (1920–24), and Gonzalo Córdova (1924–25). Real power during this second half of the period of Liberal rule was held, not by the government, but by a plutocracy of coastal agricultural and banking interests, popularly known as la argolla (the ring), whose linchpin was the Commercial and Agricultural Bank of Guayaquil led by Francisco Urbina Jado. This bank gained influence by loaning vast quantities of money to the free-spending government as well as to private individuals. According to Ecuadorian historian Oscar Efrén Reyes, the bank was influential "to the point that candidates for president and his ministers, senators, and deputies had to have the prior approval of the bank". Many of the private loans were to members of the Association of Agriculturists of Ecuador, an organization that also received government funds intended to promote an international cartel of cacao growers, but which instead were used to line members' pockets.
All parties involved in la argolla, from the government officials to the bankers and the growers, were professed militants of the Liberal cause. It was not only the political fortunes of the party that fell victim to their financial activities, however, but also the national economy, which experienced runaway inflation as a result of the printing of money by the private banks. The severe economic problems during the final years of Liberal rule were also partially caused by factors beyond the control of the politicians. A fungal disease that ravaged Ecuador's cacao trees and the growth of competition from British colonies in Africa abruptly ended conditions that had favored Ecuador's exportation of cacao for over a century. What was left of the nation's cacao industry fell victim to the sharp decline in world demand during the Great Depression.
Ecuador's economic crisis of the early 1920s was especially devastating to the working class and the poor. With real wages, for those lucky enough to have jobs, eaten away by inflation, workers responded with a general strike in Guayaquil in 1922, and a peasant rebellion in the central Sierra the following year. Both actions were aimed at improving wages and working conditions; both were put down only after massacres of major proportions.
President Gonzalo Córdova, closely tied to La Argolla (the ring), had come to office in a fraudulent election. Popular unrest, together with the ongoing economic crisis and a sickly president, laid the background for a bloodless coup d'état in July 1925. Unlike all previous forays by the military into Ecuadorian politics, the coup of 1925 was made in the name of a collective grouping rather than a particular caudillo. The members of the League of Young Officers who overthrew Córdoba came to power with an agenda, which included a wide variety of social reforms, the replacement of the increasingly sterile Liberal-Conservative debate, and the end of the rule of the Liberals, who had become decadent after three decades in power.

</doc>
<doc id="20219873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219873" title="1989 France rugby union tour of New Zealand">
1989 France rugby union tour of New Zealand

The 1989 France rugby union tour of New Zealand was a series of eight matches played in June and July 1989 by the France national rugby union team in New Zealand. The team won five matches and lost three, including a defeat to provincial teams Southland. France lost both matches of the two-match test series against the New Zealand national rugby union team.

</doc>
<doc id="20219879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219879" title="1994 France rugby union tour of Canada and New Zealand">
1994 France rugby union tour of Canada and New Zealand

The 1994 France rugby union tour of Canada and New Zealand was a series of matches played in June and July 1994 in Canada and New Zealand by France national rugby union team.

</doc>
<doc id="20219885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219885" title="BR ex-WD Austerity 2-10-0">
BR ex-WD Austerity 2-10-0

The British Railways (BR) ex-WD Austerity 2-10-0 Class was a class of 25 2-10-0 steam locomotives of the WD Austerity 2-10-0 type purchased in 1948 from the War Department. 
Operational history.
BR officially listed them in their running stock in 1948, though most were kept in store until 1949-1950. BR allocated them the numbers 90750-74. They were used to haul heavy freight trains and were mostly allocated to Scottish Region ex-LMS (Caledonian) motive power depots in the Central Belt, Motherwell and Grangemouth always being their principal bases, where they were mixed with the much more widespread WD 2-8-0s. They were withdrawn after about 12 years service between 1961-1962. In addition to the above engines, another WD Austerity 2-10-0 Longmoor Military Railway 601 "Kitchener" (original WD No. 73797) was hired from the War Department between 1957 and 1959.
Names.
Both 90773 and 90774 were named "North British" after the North British Locomotive Company which built them (the last of the BR ex-WD Austerity 2-8-0s No. 90732 was similarly named "Vulcan" after the Vulcan Foundry). As one of 49 LNER Peppercorn Class A1s, No. 60161, was also named "North British", BR had three locomotives with this name, though the A1 was named after the North British Railway rather than the engineering firm.
Classification.
They were given the power classification 8F. BR considered them as standard locomotives, numbering them in the numbering series reserved for BR standard engines and assigning them the boiler No. BR11. The tenders were given the classification BR5.
Withdrawal.
Withdrawals started in 1961 and continued at a reasonable pace before the remaining 17 were withdrawn "en masse" in December 1962.
Preservation.
None of the BR engines was preserved. However there is a "90775" running in Great Britain which was repatriated from Greece, formerly being WD No.76352, SEK No. Lb951.

</doc>
<doc id="20219891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219891" title="Gernot Plassnegger">
Gernot Plassnegger

Gernot Plassnegger (born 23 March 1978 in Leoben) is a former Austrian footballer who last played for Admira Wacker.

</doc>
<doc id="20219894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219894" title="1674 in poetry">
1674 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="20219905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219905" title="Spliff (band)">
Spliff (band)

Spliff was a Neue Deutsche Welle (New German Wave) rock band, active in the 1980s. The members were already playing together before they were 'adopted' by Nina Hagen when she came to West Germany in 1977. They recorded two albums with her as the Nina Hagen Band before continuing under the name Spliff when Hagen went solo. Their characteristic sound was a mix of electronic music, reggae and punk rock. They recorded "The Spliff Radio Show" in 1980, their only album in English. After parting ways with vocalist Alf Klimek, the remaining members carried on in German sharing vocals between all four of them. Their album "85555" however was released in a limited English edition too, which is extremely rare. Despite their influential status, the band was shortlived.
Many of the musicians subsequently formed a band called Froon. The Other Ones was another offshoot band, which included Alf Klimek, who had appeared on the Spliff Radio Show as Alf Klimax.
References.
The Spliff Radio Show (1980)
External links.
Europopmusic - Germany

</doc>
<doc id="20219910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219910" title="36th General Assembly of Prince Edward Island">
36th General Assembly of Prince Edward Island

The 36th General Assembly of Prince Edward Island was in session from February 2, 1908 to December 5, 1911. The Liberal Party led by Francis Haszard formed the government. After Haszard accepted an appointment to the province's Supreme Court, Herbert James Palmer became Liberal party leader and Premier in May 1911; when he ran for reelection on November 15, 1911, he was defeated and the Liberals lost their majority, forcing an election.
There were three sessions of the 36th General Assembly:
Matthew Smith was elected speaker.
Members.
Queens.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="20219936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219936" title="Uncial 0169">
Uncial 0169

Uncial 0169 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), known also as the "Princeton fragment", is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 4th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Book of Revelation 3:19-4:3, on an almost complete parchment leaf (9.3 cm by 7.7 cm). It is written in one column per page, 14 lines per page, in small uncial letters. The hand of the codex is a fair-sized upright uncial, fairly regular.
The letter sigma was formed with two strokes of the pen, and epsilon with three strokes; the letters kappa and upsilon have serifs.
The two pages are numbered in the outside upper corner 33 and 34. The nomina sacra are written in abbreviated forms, but some of the usual contractions are written in length forms (e.g. ουρανω).
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category III. According to R. H. Charles the text is "much more closely with Codex Sinaiticus than with any other uncial". The text seems to be inaccurately copied. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th century.
The text was edited in 1911 by Grenfell and Hunt.
The codex currently is housed at the Princeton Theological Seminary (Speer Library, Pap. 5) in Princeton.

</doc>
<doc id="20219947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219947" title="Pete &amp; Myf">
Pete &amp; Myf

Pete & Myf was a Melbourne breakfast show on Triple M. It was broadcast weekdays from 6am - 9am with "Pete & Myf Re-gifted" being aired on a Saturday. Hosts of the show are Peter Helliar and Myf Warhurst with Mike Fitzpatrick being anchor of the show in 2009. Richard Marsland was the former host of the show, until his apparent suicide on December 6, 2008.
A podcast of the show is available daily and features the best call-in topics, guests and segments of the days show. "Brown Paper Bag" podcasts are updated occasionally featuring exclusive unedited interviews. The show first aired on January 21 (1 week after start of ratings due to Myf's commitments to the "Spicks and Spectacular"), Richard Marsland joined the show on January 28 doing the paneling and anchoring for the show, despite Myf originally being contracted to panel the show. The final show for 2008 was broadcast on 5 December, it was a "Where Are They Now" show revisiting the best bits of 2008. The show returned in 2009 on January 12, with a remembrance show of recently deceased host Richard Marsland.
Pete and Myf was axed on July 2, 2009, with the final show aired on July 31.
Reaction.
After spending millions on advertising the show, there was a mixed response from Triple M listeners. Many were not happy after rumours of Peter Helliar's million dollar contract being linked to the cancellation of the popular "Get This". The show has the same reaction on iTunes being rated 3/5 by users with many noting "Get This".
Segments.
The only daily segments on the show are "Myf's Rock News" and Pete's "Shoutouts / Shoutdowns", and "Myf's Very Ordinary Album" aired weekly, and "Myf's Diary" being aired occasionally.
Podcast.
Like all Austereo breakfast shows, podcasts are available of the breakfast show. "Pete & Myf" podcasts normally last for 30–40 minutes with occasional "Brown Paper Bag" podcasts being uploaded. The podcast is normally uploaded by 12pm on the day the show.
Ratings.
The show started 2008 with a 6.3% audience share. In the survey released March 7, 2009, ratings were at 5.4%. They steadily declined until the show was cancelled.
Controversy.
After Marsland's death on December 6, 2008, Austereo released a statement saying "We thought so highly of Richard that we were expanding his role." Friends of Marsland were furious with the statement. They claimed that Marsland would become a "guest presenter" and his wage for next year was being substantially cut to make way for a "super-producer" to be hired.

</doc>
<doc id="20219951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219951" title="Kiko Ratón">
Kiko Ratón

Francisco José González Expósito, commonly known as Kiko Ratón (born 19 September 1976 in Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife), is a Spanish footballer who plays as a striker.
Club career.
Ratón finished his football formation at local CD Tenerife, playing his first years in the fourth division or lower and having also appeared for the club's B-team. He made his professional debuts in the 2002–03 season, in the second level, aged 26.
After three seasons with Tenerife Ratón moved to second-tier outfit Hércules CF, appearing very rarely through one sole campaign. He resumed his career in the third division with Orihuela CF, and scored 21 goals in his second year, second overall in all four groups.
Ratón then had one assuming experience abroad, joining Greek team Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C. in the summer of 2008. He returned home after just one year, with Girona FC, achieving, at the age of 33, his best season as a professional, as the Catalans narrowly avoided relegation from level two.

</doc>
<doc id="20219962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219962" title="Latin Press">
Latin Press

The Latin Press was a small letterpress printing business (not, strictly speaking, a private press, although it is sometimes described as such), run by Douglas "Guido" Morris (1910–1980). He became interested in printing in his twenties and first experimented with type and a home-made press in Oxford in 1934. In the following year Morris bought his first iron hand-presses (a small Albion press and a larger Columbian press) and established the Latin Press at Langford, near Bristol, undertaking some of his earliest work for Bristol Zoo. 
Morris was a passionate printer and typographical designer, but he was not a good businessman and had to move several times, suffering a series of difficulties and bankruptcy before being called up for active service in 1940. He suffered a breakdown during the War, and for a short while ran a tea-shop with his first wife, Doreen. In 1946, after the break-up of his marriage, he moved to St Ives in Cornwall and re-established the Latin Press. Here he printed posters, catalogues and other ephemera for the local artistic community, and had his most settled period, continuing to operate until 1953, when the Press was again declared bankrupt. Later he worked as an editor and as a guard on London Underground. In 1969 an article about his life and work appeared in The Private Library, and interest in his printing was revived, not least with Morris himself, who bought a small press and began to print again, this time calling his press the "Officina Mauritiana" or "Officina Guidonis". He printed some ephemera and pamphlets between 1970 and 1974, but did not produce work on the scale, or of the quality, of his Latin Press days.
Morris's printing was chiefly "jobbing" work, and he saw himself as a fine jobbing printer. He disliked printing books, although he printed several, for various clients over the years, which work he usually regarded with disdain. He did, however, attempt to launch an artistic/literary periodical called "Loquela Mirabilis" of which only three issues appeared in 1936 and 1937 before he was forced to abandon the project. While at Saint Ives, he also instituted a series of pamphlets called the "Crescendo Poetry Series" which was a little more successful, including new work by a number of contemporary poets (as well as by Morris himself). The first Crescendo pamphlet appeared in 1951 and the eighth, and last, in June 1952. Morris generally used Bembo type for his work at the Latin Press, though he did possess other typefaces and once remarked that he believed he had made a mistake in selecting Bembo as his "house" fount. When he re-established his press in 1970 he bought Van Dijck types instead.
Morris was a handsome man, with a charming manner, wit, intelligence and intellectual curiosity – qualities which helped him in his many, often short-lived, relationships with women, and in his business dealings (though his financial skills were somewhat limited, and he developed an unfortunate reputation for taking on work which he could not complete and for not paying bills). Specimens of his printing have been collected since the 1930s, and major collections can be found at the Bodleian Library, the British Library (although currently (2008) the main portfolio of ephemera is missing), the Newberry Library at Chicago, and the Bibliothèque Nationale de France, as well as in several private collections. An exhibition of his printing was held at the Tate Gallery, Saint Ives in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20219971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219971" title="Rivas Osos">
Rivas Osos

Rivas Osos ("Rivas Bears" in English language) is an American football team based in Rivas-Vaciamadrid, Community of Madrid (Spain).
They have won the LNFA once, in 2001, and were runners-up in 1999, 2002 and 2012. They have also conquered the Spanish Cup in 2001, 2002, 2003, 2007 and 2009.
History.
The beginnings.
The team was established in the spring of 1989 as "Madrid Bears", changing names to "Madrid Osos" when they joined their first official competition by the end of that year, the Second Catalan Football League. During those first years, the team received a lot of help (equipment, players, coaching staff, etc.) from the American soldiers stationed at the nearby base of Torrejón.
The team played their first game in the Community of Madrid before 500 spectators in a friendly match against the Barcelona Búfals in July 1989, which despite ending in a 14-6 defeat left a good impression and was vital to the development of new teams such as Madrid Panthers, "Toros de Madrid" (Madrid Bulls) and "Delfines de Madrid" (Madrid Dolphins).
The Bears' first participation in official competition implied searching for a sponsor, to reduce the cost of equipment. American football in Spain was practiced only in the area of Catalonia, so the Bears entered the II Catalan Football League. Their first game in the league was against the incumbent league champions, Badalona Dracs. The Dracs were defeated by the Bears who only had played one game before then.
Madrid Osos reached the semifinals undefeated that year, being defeated then by the Dracs. The Osos participation in this competition ended in fourth position.
The II Football Supercopa of Spain was a progression in the sport for the Osos, as the team reached the Cup final against the mighty Barcelona Boxers in a great match in the Olympic Stadium in Barcelona, in which the Boxers won before 25,000 spectators. The Madrid Bears lost, and remained runners-up.
Since then, the Bears have continued to be one of the greatest teams in football in Spain, always playing in the First Division.
Staff.
Edouard Barrera - Athletic Director
Sebastian Serrano - Head Coach - Defensive Coordinator
Ignacio Pliego - Offensive Coordinator
Javier Hernandez - Assintant Offensive Coordinator
Fernando Guijarro - Offensive & Defensive Line Coach
Luis Javier Boza - Special Teams Coordinator

</doc>
<doc id="20219973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219973" title="Uncial 0170">
Uncial 0170

Uncial 0170 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 026 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 5th century (or 6th).
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Matthew 6:5-6,8-10,13-15,17, on one parchment leaf (25 cm by 20 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 27 lines per page, in uncial letters.
The letters are upright and carefully finished.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
In the Lord's Prayer it does not contain doxology: (Matthew 6:13) as in codices א B D Z "f"1. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th or 6th century.
The text was edited by Grenfell and Hunt.
The codex currently is housed at the Princeton Theological Seminary (Speer Library, Pap. 11) in Princeton, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20219976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219976" title="History of Ecuador (1830–60)">
History of Ecuador (1830–60)

The history of the Republic of Ecuador from 1830 to 1860 begins with the collapse of the nation of Gran Colombia in 1830, followed by the assassination of Antonio José de Sucre and the death of Simón Bolívar from tuberculosis the same year. Heartbroken at the dissolution of Gran Colombia, Bolívar is quoted to have said shortly before his death, "America is ungovernable. Those who have served the revolution have plowed the sea." These words would seem prophetic during the chaotic first thirty years in the existence of Ecuador.
General Juan José Flores became the first President of Ecuador, ruling from 1830 to 1834. In 1834, facing a rebellion, he co-opted its presidential choice, José Vicente Rocafuerte y Rodríguez de Bejarano, and supported his presidency, while retaining considerable power as the commander of the military. In 1839, Rocafuerte retired, and Flores regained the presidency. In 1845, the Marcist Rebellion forced him into exile.
The next fifteen years saw much turmoil, as various factions struggled for supremacy. Matters came to a head in 1859, the "Terrible Year" in Ecuadorian history. Then President Francisco Robles faced several opposition movements. Neighboring Peru, under President Ramón Castilla, began negotiating with all factions and imposed a blockade. On Castilla's suggestion, the four competing Ecuadorian governments selected General Guillermo Franco to negotiate with him. When the various factions realized that Franco had betrayed them, they banded together. At the Battle of Guayaquil, fought between September 22–24, 1860, Franco was defeated, and a new conservative era of government was ushered in.
Beginnings of the Republic of Ecuador.
Independence did not bring a revolutionary liberation of the masses of Ecuadorian peasants. On the contrary, as bad as the peasants' situation had been, it probably worsened with the loss of the Spanish royal officials who had protected the indigenous population against the abuses of the local criollo elite. These criollos, who had spearheaded the struggle for independence, were to be its principal beneficiaries.
The early battle for control of the new state was fought, to a great extent, among the various factions—Ecuadorian and foreign, military and civilian—of this elite. General Juan José Flores, the "Founder of the Republic" and first President of Ecuador, was of the foreign military variety. Born in Venezuela, he had fought in the wars for independence with Bolívar, who had appointed him governor of Ecuador during its association with Gran Colombia. Although of humble origins with little formal education, Flores married into the Quiteño elite, gaining acceptance, initially at least, within the local criollo upper class. As a leader, however, he appeared primarily interested in maintaining his power. Military expenditures, from the wars of independence and from an unsuccessful campaign to wrest Cauca Province from Colombia in 1832, kept the state treasury empty while other matters were left unattended.
In 1833, four intellectuals who had begun publishing the newspaper "El Quiteño Libre" to denounce the "pillaging of the national treasury by foreigners" were killed by the authorities at a time when Flores was absent from Quito. Although not directly responsible for the killings, Flores inevitably became associated with them, and criticism of his regime grew. In 1834, opponents staged a rebellion in an effort to place José Vicente Rocafuerte y Rodríguez de Bejarano, a member of the Guayaquil aristocracy who had recently returned from fourteen years abroad, in the presidency. The effort failed; Flores then co-opted his opponent and sponsored Rocafuerte as a presidential candidate. For four years following this Machiavellian political move, in effect the nation's first coup d'état, Flores continued to wield considerable power behind the scenes as commander of the military.
President Rocafuerte's most lasting contribution was to begin development of a public school system. Although he had previously condemned Flores's violations of civil liberties, Rocafuerte argued that "the backwardness of Ecuador makes enlightened despotism necessary." At the end of his term in 1839, Rocafuerte returned to his native Guayaquil as provincial governor, while in Quito Flores was again inaugurated as president. After four years in office, Flores summoned a constitutional convention that wrote a new constitution, dubbed "the Charter of Slavery" by his opponents, and elected him to a new eight-year term of office.
After 1843, opposition to Flores often manifested itself in unpleasant ways: in reference to the dark skin of Flores and his fellow Venezuelan and Colombian soldiers, Rocafuerte (by now exiled in Lima) wrote that "the white oppressors of the peninsula were less oppressive than the Negro vandals who have replaced them." A young student named Gabriel García Moreno—later to become the most infamous of all of Ecuador's nineteenth century dictators—tried unsuccessfully to assassinate Flores.
The Marcist Revolution.
Discontent had become nationwide by 1845, when an insurrection in Guayaquil forced Flores from the country. Because their movement triumphed in March (marzo), the anti-Flores coalition members became known as marcistas. They were an extremely diverse lot that included liberal intellectuals, conservative clergymen, and representatives from Guayaquil's successful business community.
On March 6, 1845, the people of Guayaquil revolted against the government of the General Flores under the leadership of General António Elizalde and Lieutenant Colonel Fernándo Ayarza. The people took over the artillery barracks of Guayaquil along with other military and civilian supporters, including the guard on duty. Flores surrendered on his plantation, La Elvira, near Babahoyo and agreed to terms that included his leaving power and rendering all his decrees, laws, and acts void and null, ending fifteen years of foreign domination of Ecuador. Flores received 20,000 pesos for his property and immediately left the country for Spain. The country was then governed by the triumvirate composed of José Joaquín de Olmedo, Vicente Ramón Roca and Diego Noboa.
The next fifteen years constituted one of the most turbulent periods in Ecuador's century and a half as a nation. The marcistas fought among themselves almost ceaselessly and also had to combat Flores' repeated attempts from exile to overthrow the government. The first marcista president was businessman Vicente Ramón Roca, who served a full four-year term. The most significant figure of the era, however, was General José María Urbina, who first came to power in 1851 through a coup d'état, remained in the presidency until 1856, and then continued to dominate the political scene until 1860. During this decade and the one that followed, Urbina and his archrival, García Moreno, would define the rivalry between liberals from Guayaquil and conservatives from Quito that remained the major sphere of political struggle in Ecuador into the 1980s.
Liberalism under Urbina took on anticlerical, ethnic, and regional dimensions. In 1852 he accused a group of Jesuit priests—admitted by his predecessor, Diego Noboa, only a year earlier—of political meddling and expelled them. Urbina freed the nation's slaves exactly one week after his coup of 1851, and six years later, his successor and lifelong friend, General Francisco Robles, finally put an end to three centuries of annual payments of tribute by the native peoples. Henceforth, liberalism associated itself with bettering the position of Ecuador's non-white population. Urbina and Robles also favored Guayaquil businessmen over Quito landowners.
1857: beginnings of renewed conflict with Peru.
The early years of the Republic of Ecuador were spent under debt moratorium on the international financial market. The debts had been incurred during the Gran Colombia era, and had been assumed by President Flores in 1837. The debt owed to Great Britain, known as the "Deuda inglesa" ("English debt") exceeded 6.6 million pounds sterling, of which Ecuador owed 21.5 percent, or 1.4 million pounds. As the Ecuadorian government had done at least twice previously, President Francisco Robles attempted to settle this debt by transferring title over part of its territory; the lands would go to the creditors represented by the Ecuador Land Company, Ltd.
Relations between Ecuador and neighboring Peru had been cut off since 1855, but were reestablished by August 1857. In November, Peru formally claimed its right to the lands that were to be sold to the British creditors. Attempts at diplomatic resolution resulted in another breakdown of relations, and in October 1858, the Peruvian government authorized President Ramón Castilla to go to war with Ecuador if necessary to resolve the matter. A blockade of Ecuador's ports began in November.
1859: the Terrible Year.
By 1859, known in Ecuadorian history books as the "Terrible Year", the country was poised on the brink of a leadership crisis. President Robles, faced with the threat of the Peruvian blockade, moved the national capital to Guayaquil, and charged General José María Urbina with defending it. In the wake of this unpopular move, a series of opposition movements championed by regional "caudillos" were formed. On May 1, a conservative triumvirate, initiated by Dr. Gabriel García Moreno, Pacífico Chiriboga and Jerónimo Carrión (Robles' vice president), formed the Provisional Government of Quito. On May 6, Carrión separated himself from the triumvirate, and formed a short-lived government in the city of Cuenca; he was deposed the next day by forces loyal to Robles. 
General Urbina promptly set out for Quito to subdue García Moreno and his movement. The Provisional Government was no match for Urbina, and fell in June. García Moreno fled to Peru, where he requested the support of President Castilla; the Peruvian leader supplied him with weapons and ammunition to subvert the Robles regime. Believing that he had the support of the Peruvians, in July, García Moreno published a manifesto in a July edition of the Peruvian newspaper "El Comercio", calling on his countrymen to accept Peru as their ally against Robles, despite the territorial dispute and blockade. Shortly afterwards, García Moreno traveled to Guayaquil, where he met with General Guillermo Franco, General Commander of the District of Guayas and third in the Urvinista "caudillo" hierarchy, after Urbina and Robles. García Moreno proposed that they disavow Robles' government and declare free elections. While Franco accepted, he also aspired to the presidency of the republic, and would prove to be willing to betray his country to satisfy his desire for power.
As García Moreno was trying to resurrect his movement, the mediation efforts of the Granadine Confederation (a short-lived federal republic) and Chile had fallen through, with both countries blaming Peru for the failure. The Peruvians were playing to all sides in the civil dispute; on August 31, 1859, Castilla betrayed his commitment to García Moreno, and came to an agreement with Franco that resulted in the end of the blockade of Guayaquil. Several weeks later, the Mosquera-Zelaya Protocol, the result of the secret agreement between Peru and Cauca to take control of Ecuador, was signed in Popayán. 
When he received word of Franco's allegiance with Castilla, Robles disavowed their treaty, and moved the capital once again, this time to Riobamba, where he handed over leadership of the government to Jerónimo Carrión. He and Urbina would leave the country for good within a fortnight. Meanwhile, Rafael Carvajal, a member of the defeated Provisional Government, invaded Ecuador from the border to the north; within the month, Carvajal had reestablished the Provisional Government in Quito. Finally, on September 17, Guillermo Franco declared himself Supreme Chief of Guayas; however, Babahoyo, Vinces and Daule sided with the Provisional Government. On September 18, an assembly in Loja named Manuel Carrión Pinzano military and civil chief of the province; the following day, Carrión Pinzano called a new assembly that established a federal government presiding over Loja, El Oro and Zamora. On September 26, Cuenca affirmed its allegiance to the Provisional Government.
With the domestic situation at its most tumultuous, and the Peruvian blockade of the rest of the Ecuadorian coast nearing the end of its first year, Castilla sought to take advantage of the circumstances to impose a favorable border settlement. On September 20, Castilla wrote to Quito to declare his support for the Provisional Government; ten days later, he sailed from Callao with an invasion force. While stopped over in the port of Paita, in Peru, Castilla proposed to the Ecuadorians that they form a single government which could negotiate an agreement to end the blockade and the territorial dispute.
October 1859.
Castilla and his forces arrived in Guayaquil on October 4; the next day, he met with Franco aboard the Peruvian steamer "Tumbes". Castilla simultaneously sent word to García Moreno that he wished to meet with him as well. García Moreno set out for Guayaquil days later; on October 14, he arrived in Paita aboard the Peruvian ship "Sachaca". When García Moreno became aware that an agent of Franco's was also traveling aboard the ship, he became furious, ending the possibility of discussions, writing to Castilla, "You have broken your promises, and I declare our alliance finished." Castilla responded, "You sir, are nothing but a village diplomat, who does not understand the duties of a president, obligated by the demands of the position he occupies to give audience to all those who request it."
Treaty of Mapasingue.
Castilla reverted to negotiations solely with Franco's regime in Guayaquil; after several meetings, an initial deal was struck on November 8, 1859. Castilla ordered his troops, 5,000 strong, to disembark on Ecuadorian territory; the Peruvians set up camp at the "hacienda" of Mapasingue, near Guayaquil. Castilla did this to guarantee that Ecuador would fulfill its promises.
In Loja, Manuel Carrión Pinzano proposed that the four governments vying for control of Ecuador select a representative to negotiate a settlement with Castilla. On November 13, Cuenca was forced to recognize Guillermo Franco's government in Guayaquil; Franco thus became Supreme Chief of Guayaquil and Cuenca. The next day, Franco and Castilla met once again, aboard the Peruvian ship "Amazonas", and made arrangements for a definitive peace treaty. Carrión Pinzano's suggestion was not acted upon until November 19, when the governments of Quito, Guayas-Azuay and Loja began discussions; they agreed to delegate to Franco the task of negotiating with Peru, except on the matter of territorial sovereignty. According to the agreement signed between the governments, "the government of Guayaquil and Cuenca may not pledge to annex, cede or assign to any government any part of the Ecuadorian territory under any pretext or name." Franco, however, had been negotiating just such matters with Castilla; they signed a preliminary convention regarding the territorial situation on December 4 for the purpose of lifting the occupation of Guayaquil and re-establishing peace.
García Moreno soon became aware of the unauthorized pact between Franco and Castilla. In an unsuccessful attempt to seek a powerful ally, García Moreno sent a series of secret letters to the chargé d'affaires of France, Emile Trinité, on December 7, 15 and 21; in them, he proposed that Ecuador become a French protectorate. Fortunately for his cause, the agreement between Franco and Castilla had the effect of uniting the disparate governments of Ecuador against their new common enemy: "El Traidor" (the traitor) Franco.
On January 7, 1860, the Peruvian army made preparations to return home; eighteen days later, on January 25, Castilla and Franco signed the Treaty of 1860, better known as the Treaty of Mapasingue after the "hacienda" where the Peruvian troops were quartered. The treaty had as its object the resolution of the territorial debate. In its first article, it affirmed that relations were to be re-established between the two countries. The matter of the borders was dealt with in articles 5, 6 and 7, where the Icaza-Pritchett treaty was declared null, Peru's position of "uti possidetis" was accepted, and Ecuador was allowed two years to substantiate its ownership of Quijos and Canelos, after which time Peru's rights over the territories would become absolute if no evidence was presented. The treaty additionally nullified all prior treaties between Peru and Ecuador, whether with the latter as a division of Gran Colombia or as an independent republic. This constituted acknowledgement of the Real Cédula of 1802, which Ecuador had previously rejected.
1860: the Provisional Government of Quito rises to power.
The pivotal Battle of Guayaquil was fought between September 22–24, 1860. García Moreno's forces, led by General Flores, defeated those of Franco. The Provisional Government of Quito assumed power, ushering in a .

</doc>
<doc id="20219983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219983" title="Viktor Ageev">
Viktor Ageev

Viktor Ivanovich Ageev (, born April 29, 1936) is a Russian water polo player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Moscow.
In 1956 he was a member of the Soviet team which won the bronze medal. He played two matches.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the Soviet team in the water polo competition at the 1960 Games. He played two matches again.
At the 1964 Games he was part of the Soviet team which won again a bronze medal in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played all six matches and scored two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20219998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20219998" title="Danielle Castaño">
Danielle Castaño

Danielle Kirsten Muriel Castaño (born August 21, 1989) is a Filipino beauty queen, and represented the Philippines in the Miss World 2008 pageant. She was the crowd favorite in the Binibining Pilipinas 2008 pageant, winning five awards from the major sponsors and placing as 1st runner-up. 
On October 2, 2008, she was appointed as the new official candidate of the Philippines to Miss World following the resignation of the original winner, Janina San Miguel. Danielle place in the top 10 beach beauty finalists and placed among the top 32 Top Model competition during Miss World 2008.
Castaño grew up in Glendale, California, but later moved to Marikina City when she was 8yrs old. She left the Philippines to continue her studies in the U.S. when she was 12 yrs old. After high school she went back to the Philippines. She finished her secondary education in Herbert Hoover High School in California, United States where she was also part of the track and field and cross country varsity team.

</doc>
<doc id="20220004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220004" title="E-Control">
E-Control

E-Control (ECG) is the government regulator for electricity and natural gas markets in Austria. It was founded in 2001 on the basis of the Energy Liberalisation Act. E-Control's main duty as the independent regulatory authority is to "oversee and to control the Austrian gas and electricity market in the best interest of the consumer".
Functions.
On their website the critical consumer can check the prices and conditions of all suppliers on the Austrian market. With more details about the energy usage of the consumer a program on the website can recommend the cheapest provider.
Furthermore it offers a contact point for complaints and a mediation body to resolve possible conflicts with all Austrian energy providers.
Organisational Structure.
The agency is owned to 100% by the federal state and consists of several bodies: the E-Control Commission, E-Control GmbH and the Federal Minister of Economic Affairs and Labour.
Federal Minister of Economic Affairs and Labour.
The highest authority in the electricity sector, which has mainly three tasks to fulfill: the supervision of all activities of the E-Control Ltd. and the Federal Government's shareholding in E-Control. Furthermore it has to establish E-Control's terms of reference.
E-Control Commission.
The E-Control-Commission is an independent authority, which is capable of acting on its own without interferences of directors.
The commission approves the general conditions for the use of transfer and distribution grids by grid operators. The commission can set tariffs, determines fixed prices and can prohibit use of conditions affecting consumers negatively.
They also settle disputes between the market players and take long term measures to ensure the supply of natural gas. It also rules on certain disputes between market participants.
The members of the commission are appointed for five years.
E-Control Ltd..
E-Control GmbH is the regulator of the energy system as determined by the ElWOG (Elektrizitätswirtschafts- und organisationsgesetz) and the GWG (Gaswirtschaftsgesetz). Its main task is to support the E-Control Commission in any of its tasks. Moreover it is responsible for the publication of reports and official statements with regard to market conditions and competition. The company is a non-profit organisation fully owned by the federal government. Its chief executive officer is Walter Boltz. E-Control GmbH is the regulative authority for issues that don't fall under the mandate of the E-Control Commission.
Liberalization.
After the implementation of the ElWOG I in 1998 the market opened stepwise, basis for the calculation was the annual consumption of all consumers and after the introduction of the ElWOG II in 2002 the electricity market was finally fully opened to the consumers. Therefore the consumers are capable of choosing their own provider and moreover they are able to switch between the provider respectively.
The grid operation section still holds a natural monopoly, because of the high proportion of fixed costs concerning all grid operations. On the other hand generation and distribution are fully opened for competition in the free market. There is also a new link between generation and distribution of electricity, namely the "trade section", including traders, brokers and private investors.
The reason for the need of a liberalisation was the power stations and networks were too expensive to build and it took a lot of time (decades) to amortize the investments. Due to this high risk, there were only a few private entrepreneurs, who were willingly to invest in the electricity industry. On the whole technological innovation was the fundament of the liberalization act.
References.
E-Control Website
Bundesgesetzblätter Website

</doc>
<doc id="20220012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220012" title="Vyacheslav Kurennoy">
Vyacheslav Kurennoy

Vyacheslav Grigorevich Kurennoy (, December 10, 1932 – December 23, 1992) was a Russian water polo player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Moscow.
In 1956 he was a member of the Soviet team which won the bronze medal. He played all seven matches and scored three goals.
Four years later he won the silver medal with the Soviet team in the water polo competition at the 1960 Games. He played all seven matches and scored nine goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20220021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220021" title="Andreas Hermes">
Andreas Hermes

In the Weimar Republic, Hermes was a major influence on German agricultural policies. From the end of World War II to the late 1950s he was one of the people who shaped them. 
Early life.
Andreas Anton Hubert Hermes was born on 16 July 1878 in Cologne, then part of the Prussian Rhine province, as the son of Andreas Hermes (1832-1884), a railway worker, und his wife Theresia (1839-1905, nee Schmitz). He was raised as a Catholic in Mönchengladbach, and lost his father at the age of 8. 
Hermes studied agricultural science and philosophy at Bonn, Jena and Berlin. At that time he also travelled widely in Europe and South America, and he developed an interest in crossbreeding European with South American animal stock. In 1901 he became a teacher of agriculture at Cloppenburg and in 1902-04 was assistant to an animal breeder at Bonn. In 1905/06 Hermes was awarded a doctorate at Jena with a dissertation on the optimization of crop rotation and then became a research associate at the animal breeding department of the "Deutsche Landwirtschaftsgesellschaft " (German Agricultural Society) in Berlin. In 1911 Hermes was appointed director of the agricultural department of the International Institute of Agriculture in Rome. With the start of World War I, he returned to Germany and worked first for the general staff, then in several functions in the bureaucracy in charge of the national food supply ("Kriegsernährungswirtschaft"), including organising the cultivation of oil seed in the Danube district and in the area near Lake Constance.
Weimar Republic.
After the end of the war, in 1919, Hermes headed the department on agriculture and forestry of the "Reichswirtschaftsministerium" (Ministry of Economic Affairs). He joined the Catholic Zentrum. In the first Müller cabinet Hermes became "Reichsernährungsminister" (Minister for Nutrition/Food) in March 1920. Also in 1920, Hermes married Anna Schaller (b. 1894). They had three sons and one (or according to a different source, two) daughters.
During his period in office, the "Reichsernährungsministerium" was restructured according to his suggestions. In 1922 Hermes in addition to his post as "Reichsernährungsminister" became Minister of Finance. After a short while he resigned from the former post but remained in charge of Finance. He stayed in that office until the resignation of the cabinet of Wilhelm Cuno in August 1923.
Whilst serving as a minister, Hermes managed the transition from technocratic expert to politician. In 1924 he was elected for the Zentrum to the Prussian Diet and in 1928 to the Reichstag. In 1927 he was a member of the German delegation at the International Economic Conference at Geneva, in 1928 he led the German delegation in trade negotiations with Poland. At the same time, Hermes was active in the lobbying/umbrella organizations of the German agricultural industry. In 1928, he became president of the Association of the German Farmers Associations and after the economic crisis of the Great Depression started, this organization became part of the "Green Front". In 1930, he became president of the "Reichsverband der deutschen landwirtschaftlichen Genossenschaften-Raiffeisen" (National Association of German Agricultural Cooperatives).
Nazi Germany.
In March 1933, even before the passage of the "Ermächtigungsgesetz " he resigned from the Reichstag in protest against Nazi policies. He was arrested, charged and, on 12 July, sentenced to four months in prison for his opposition to the Nazis. He then was either affected by an amnesty, or released as his time served in jail counted towards the sentence, according to different sources. He resigned from his positions in the agricultural organizations and in 1936 emigrated to Colombia. There he worked as an economic advisor to the government in Bogota from 1936-39. He returned to Germany to collect his family, but the eruption of World War II prevented his departure back to South America. 
From 1942, Hermes was in touch with members of the resistance like Carl Friedrich Goerdeler and the Kreisau Circle. Immediately after 20 July 1944 he was arrested and on 11 January 1945 sentenced to death for being an active member of the conspiracy to kill Hitler. In one of Goerdeler's lists he was named as a post-putsch minister for agriculture. However, his wife succeeded in delaying his execution until the Red Army occupied Berlin.
Post war.
During the Russian occupation, the Soviet occupation authorities appointed him head of the nutrition/food department of the city of Berlin on 7 May 1945. On 19 May, Hermes became one of four deputy mayors of Berlin. He was the only non-communist/socialist member of the city council. He used his positions to work against the threat of a division of Germany. On 26 June 1945 he was one of the founder-members and the first chairman of the "Christlich-Demokratische Union" (CDU) of Berlin and the Soviet-occupied zone. As a result of his attempts to conduct a pan-German policy and his refusal to agree to the so-called "Bodenreform", he was deposed on 19 December 1945 by the Soviet occupation forces as chairman of the CDU. Seeing no chance of continuing to work in Eastern Germany, he left for Bad Godesberg in Western Germany at the end of 1945 where he continued to work against a division of the country. He founded the "Gesellschaft für die Wiedervereinigung Deutschlands" placing himself in opposition to the views of Konrad Adenauer. At a party convention at Neheim-Hüsten the western CDU passed a new party manifesto in February 1946, mostly ignoring Hermes' views. 
In 1947, Hermes became a member of the ', as chairman of the food committee. In 1948, he was elected president of the ', which he founded. He was also made president of the "". In 1949, he founded the "Godesberger Kreis", an organization working towards the reunification of Germany and an improvement in political relations with Eastern Europe, views that were highly controversial in the CDU at that time.
From 1954-58 he was president, later until his death honorary chairman, of the European Confederation of Agriculture (CEA). Simultaneously he served as vice-president of the International Federation of Agricultural Producers. 
Hermes died on 4 January 1964 in Krälingen/Eifel.

</doc>
<doc id="20220024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220024" title="Jovan Kostovski">
Jovan Kostovski


</doc>
<doc id="20220027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220027" title="John Owen (author)">
John Owen (author)

John Owen (1952–2001) was a children's author and director and is best known for his Welsh teen television drama “Pam fi Duw” "(Why me God)", a series of books and TV programmes which he wrote and directed. In 1995, 1997 and 1999 he won the Tir na n-Og Award for the best Welsh Language fiction book for Children.
Owen was a former drama teacher and Head of Lower school at Ysgol Gyfun Rhydfelen near Pontypridd, South Wales.
Education.
John Owen was a former pupil and prefect at Ysgol Gyfun Rhydfelen. He completed his Bachelor of Education degree in 1974 at Trinity College in Carmarthen; in the same year he took up his first teaching appointment at his former secondary school.
Child abuse.
In September 2001, John Owen was arrested and charged with serious criminal offences against children at Ysgol Gyfun Rhydfelen. On October the 4th 2001 John Owen was found dead at his caravan in Porthcawl having failed to appear in court. He had committed suicide.
Later an inquiry was launched by the Children's Commissioner Peter Clarke called the “Clywch Report” which also listed some of the allegation against John Owen, and gave recommendations that should be implemented to stop something similar happening again.

</doc>
<doc id="20220029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220029" title="Jasper Brett">
Jasper Brett

Jasper Thomas Brett (1895–1917) was an Irish rugby international. He won one cap against Wales in 1914.
He served during the First World War in the British Army as Second Lieutenant in the 7th Battalion of the Royal Dublin Fusiliers. He died at Dalkey, Dublin, in February 1917, aged 21, and was buried at Deans Grange Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20220033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220033" title="Angélica de Almeida">
Angélica de Almeida

Angélica de Almeida (born March 25, 1965) is a retired female marathon runner from Brazil, who won the 1986 edition of the Buenos Aires Marathon. She represented her native country in the women's marathon at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, finishing in 44th place.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20220048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220048" title="Language Instruction for Newcomers to Canada">
Language Instruction for Newcomers to Canada

The Language Instruction for Newcomers to Canada (LINC) is a free Canadian government language education programme regulated by Citizenship and Immigration Canada which offers full-time and part-time English (excluding Quebec) and French (known by the acronym CLIC) language lessons to adult permanent residents.

</doc>
<doc id="20220054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220054" title="Porirua (New Zealand electorate)">
Porirua (New Zealand electorate)

Porirua was a New Zealand parliamentary electorate in the North Island. It existed during two periods; from 1860 to 1870, and then from 1963 to 1996.
Population centres.
This electorate is based on Porirua City, north of Wellington.
History.
The electorate was first created in 1860 for the term of the 3rd New Zealand Parliament. It existed until the end of the 4th Parliament in 1870. Alfred Brandon was the representative during that period.
The electorate was recreated in 1963 for the 34th Parliament. In 1996 with MMP, the electorate was replaced by the new Mana electorate. The holder of Porirua, Graham Kelly chose to become a list MP.
From 1963 to 1996, the electorate was held by three Labour Party representatives: Henry May, Gerard Wall, and Graham Kelly.
Election results.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="20220055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220055" title="Aussie Gold">
Aussie Gold

Aussie Gold is a television programme on Foxtel’s the Comedy Channel, created and executive produced by Darren Chau, produced by Anthony Warrington and hosted by Australian comedian Frank Woodley. The show hosts a programming block celebrating the very best in Australian comedy. and the 20th Anniversary celebrations of Fast Forward (TV series).
An Aussie Gold promo starring Peter Helliar won Silver at the 2011 Australian Promax Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20220062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220062" title="Hello Goodbye (disambiguation)">
Hello Goodbye (disambiguation)

"Hello, Goodbye" is a song by the English rock band The Beatles.
Hello Goodbye may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20220075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220075" title="Gianni Comandini">
Gianni Comandini

Gianni Comandini (born 18 May 1977 in Cesena) is an Italian former football player. He played principally as a forward.
Career.
Club.
Comandini joined the youth academy of his hometown team A.C. Cesena, and made his full debut for them in Serie B during the 1995–1996 championship. After appearing once during the season he transferred for a year to Serie C1 side Montevarchi, returning in 1997–1998 to newly relegated Cesena. There he played regularly throughout the season, contributing to the team's promotion back to Serie B.
In 1998 Comandini signed to join Vicenza; the contract specified that he would first spend another season with Cesena, for whom he scored 14 times during the season. At Vicenza he was the top scorer during the 1999–2000 season, his 20 goals contributing to the team's championship title and promotion to Serie A. At the season's close he was sold to A.C. Milan for around 20 billion lire. 
During his first season in Serie A Comandini played in 13 games, scoring twice, both times in the 6–0 derby against Internazionale on 11 May 2001, in the 30th matchday of the 2000–01 season.
Atalanta.
In June 2001, Comandini was sold to Atalanta for 30 billion lire; team-mate Luigi Sala for 7 billion lire.; team-mate Luca Saudati for 18 billion lire as part of Cristian Zenoni and Massimo Donati's deal to Milan.
He scored four times for Atalanta during 2001–2002, and appeared in ten games during their 2003–2004 campaign, before transferring to Serie B side Genoa in January 2004. He returned later that year to Atalanta, for whom he appeared twice in Serie A, before a January 2005 transfer to Ternana, where he made seven appearances.
In 2006, following persistent physical problems and at age 29, Comandini retired from professional football. He moved back to Cesena, where he opened a restaurant and played for the Polisportiva Force Vigne, an amateur side founded by his father Paolo in 1983 and affiliated to the Italian amateur sports federation Centro Sportivo Italiano.
National.
Comandini was a member of the Italy Under 21 national side during their 2000 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship. Comandini appeared 19 times, usually as a second striker behind Nicola Ventola, in the team's successful campaign and with them won the championship title in 2000.
The same year, being under 23 and having never appeared for the full Italian national side in a World Cup, he was eligible to represent Italy at the summer Olympics. He appeared in four games including the quarter-final exit to Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20220083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220083" title="Adon">
Adon

In Ancient Semitic religion, specifically Canaanite religion, the term Adon ("", Hebrew , from a triliteral "hollow" root "D-I-N" or "D-W-N", cognate with Akkadian "adannu" "mighty"), literally "lord, patron", has been in use as a theonym from the Late Bronze Age at least, contrasting with "Ba`al" "master".
In Canaanite (Ugaritic) tradition, "ʾadn ilm", literally "lord of gods" is an epithet of El, but "ʾadn" could also be an epithet of other gods, especially Tammuz. The epithet of Tammuz enters Greek tradition as a proper name, Adonis, the youthful lover of Aphrodite.
Hebrew tradition makes "Adon" "lord" or "Adonai" "my lord" an epithet of the God of Israel, depicted as the chief antagonist of "the "Ba`al"s" in the Tanakh.
The epithet came to be used as an euphemism to avoid invoking the deity's proper name, Yahweh.
Adonis is a "Semitic divine title equipped with a Greek ending" derived from "adon"; by the time of Sappho, a cult worshiping Adonis had emerged in Ancient Greece.
In Ugaritic texts, "ʾdn" in its meaning as "lord" appears a number of times. Used to refer to the lord and father over deceased kings, the term "ʾadn ʾilm rbm" (meaning "the Lord of the Great Gods"), is thought by some scholars to be a divine epiteph of Ba`al, while others think it refers to El, Mardikh, Yaqar or Yarikh. 
"ʾAdn ʾilm" (meaning "the Lord of Gods") also appears in the texts to refer to El, and when Yam is described in at being at the height of his power, he is proclaimed "ʾadn" or "lord (of the gods).
Ugarit family households were modeled after the structure of the divine world, each headed by an " ʾadn" (meaning in this context "master" or "patron"). Generally, this was the patriarch of the family and there may be some relation between "ʾadn" and the Ugarit word for "father", "ʾad".

</doc>
<doc id="20220090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220090" title="Edward Fitzhardinge Campbell">
Edward Fitzhardinge Campbell

Edward Fitzhardinge Campbell (1880–1957) was an Irish rugby international. He won four caps between 1899 and 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="20220094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220094" title="Gabela Polje">
Gabela Polje

Gabela Polje is a small village in the Čapljina municipality of Herzegovina, part of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, which is in turn part of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="20220097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220097" title="Chop Chop (band)">
Chop Chop (band)

Chop Chop is an electropop band out of Los Angeles, California, founded in Boston, Massachusetts, and is on the Archenemy Record Company, home to such acts as Freezepop, Lifestyle, The Texas Governor, Rockets Burst from the Streetlamps, and Karacter.
History.
The band was originally a trio centered around Catherine Cavanagh. The band's debut, self-titled album was recorded in Cavanagh's attic apartment, with Cavanagh
composing, arranging, playing guitars, drum machines, keyboards, and bass. The album also includes rhythms based on the sounds of a freight train moving and stopping. The album mixed guitar pop with electronics, and gained comparisons with artists such as Ladytron, with one reviewer describing it as "a truly inspired affair, raw in its approach and pure in its intent, a must-have for any fan of indie music with a distinct personality". PopMatters called the album "melodic, quirky and highly likeable" in one review but "a project that should've stayed in the bedroom" in another.
The other members of the band initially were Christy Cheng (keyboards), and Carla Ceruzzi (bass). All three members had the initials "CC", hence the band's name. Ceruzzi is no longer with the band, and in live performances, drummer Seth Damascus-Kennedy is added, working under the stage name "Carlos Cola".
The second album, "Screens", was released in 2008. The "Eugene Weekly" described it as "mixing up its approaches to but virtually nailing it, track after track".

</doc>
<doc id="20220099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220099" title="European Standard School">
European Standard School

European Standard School (ESS) is an English medium school situated in the Dhanmondi Residential Area of Dhaka, Bangladesh, that follows the Cambridge International Examinations academic programme up to O-level and A-level. It is located in four parts of the Dhanmondi Residential Area. It has opened a branch at Mirpur.
On March 20, the official signing of the Partner School Memorandum of Understanding between Goethe Institute Bangladesh and European Standard School took place. With the signing of the MoU the school joined a network of the best 1500 schools worldwide. The PASCH-network offers students and teachers opportunities to learn the German language and lifestyle.
History.
European Standard School was set up in 2001 in response to the need for a school using English as the medium of instruction but emphasizing equal proficiency in Bengali as necessary for a well-rounded education for Bangladeshi students.
The school was founded by a team of five members who form the Board of Management. They are Prof. Nurul Islam, Mr Abdullah, Mr Ranadev Dasgupta and Mr Md. Morshedul Islam . The five members serve as Principals in the five units of ESS.
The school operates under the banner of a limited company, European Scholastic Systems (ESS) Ltd, and each member of the Board of Management serves as a Director in the company.
Buildings and sections.
ESS has five buildings in four locations in Dhanmondi.
Mirpur Branch: 
Each class (from Class I to Class IX) has a minimum number of four sections with some classes (e.g. Classes III-VII) having seven sections. These sections, starting from Class I, are divided into boys and girls sections.
Students and teachers.
There is an average of 150 students in each class from Class I to Class VIII. For students who get admitted in the school as siblings, the tuition fees of one of the sibling are half all through the time they are in the school. Nazibul Faruque Ahsan is teaching O/A Level English language. He conducts teachers training programme (English Language).
ESS Debate Club.
ESS Debate Club is known to be the best debate club among the schools in Dhanmondi area. The ESS Debate Club (ESSDC) was formally established in 2006 by Mahnaz Reza (founding president) and other students of ESS.
In 2006, the club won the "Notre Dame National Debating Championship (NDDC)" and became runners-up in the "Elate Fervor Accord (EFA)" tournament. In early 2007, the team reached the semifinals of the third "BDC Pre-worlds".
In 2010, ESS student Alaka Dhara Halder participated in the World Schools Debating Championship 2010 (Doha, Qatar) as a member of the five-strong Team Bangladesh.
In 2011, ESSDC won the 4th BUET DC Debate Championship and Greenherald Interschool Debate Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20220104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220104" title="Miralago">
Miralago

Miralago is a small village in the Poschiavo valley, at the southern end of the Lago di Poschiavo. It lies on the Bernina Express line.

</doc>
<doc id="20220108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220108" title="History of Ecuador (1925–44)">
History of Ecuador (1925–44)

This is a summary of the history of Ecuador from 1925 – 1944. 
The reformist officers initially named a governing junta consisting of prominent opponents of the Liberal plutocracy, but neither it nor a succeeding junta was able to consolidate the power necessary to govern effectively. In 1926 they named as provisional president Isidro Ayora, a dedicated reformer who, although married into one of the wealthiest coastal families, possessed a social conscience and the vision to see that reform would help preserve the status of the upper classes. Ayora quickly assumed dictatorial powers, with which he set out to institute reforms that were partly of his own making and partly the making of the League of Young Officers.
An advisory mission from Princeton University, headed by Edwin W. Kemmerer, was invited to propose measures to reorganize Ecuador's fiscal and monetary structures. Its major accomplishment was the creation of the Central Bank of Ecuador ("Banco Central"), which replaced the private banks' authority in the issuing of currency; in addition, the Kemmerer mission also reorganized the state budgeting and customs agencies. The appropriation of these functions, which were previously under the control of la Argonaut, brought a revenue windfall to the government during the next half-decade. In addition to building state fiscal and social agencies, the funds were used to initiate a number of programs, including pensions for state workers, that enhanced the security of the middle and lower economic sectors of the population. A range of social legislation—quite progressive for its day—intended to protect the working class from unscrupulous employers and to improve working conditions emerged from the enactment of the 1929 constitution.
The same constitution, Ecuador's thirteenth in just under a century as a republic, also provided for a powerful legislative body with authority to censure presidential ministers. This diminution of executive power, the appearance of a wide variety (socialist, communist, and populist) of new groupings in political competition with the traditional parties and with the military, and the devastating effects of the Great Depression combined to make Ecuador's political record especially unstable during subsequent years. Ayora was the first of fourteen chief executives during the 1930s.
World demand for cacao and other Ecuadorian export crops dropped precipitously in the wake of the Wall Street Crash of 1929: export crop value fell from US$15 million in 1928 to US$7 million in 1931 and US$5 million in 1932, causing widespread unemployment and misery. Few objections were voiced in 1931 when Ayora was the victim of a military coup. Neptalí Bonifaz Ascázubi was then elected with the help of a quasi-fascist grouping of the serrano lower classes called the Consolidation of National Workers ("Compactación Obrera Nacional"). In August 1932, after various Liberal and leftist elements in Congress blocked Bonifaz's assumption of power, the Compactación fought a bloody four-day civil war against other paramilitary forces amassed by opponents of the president-elect. The latter were victorious, largely because the great majority of the government military forces remained in their barracks rather than defend Bonifaz.
Another election two months later brought victory for the Liberal candidate, Juan de Dios Martínez Mera, but soon accusations arose that the election had been fraudulent. The congressional opposition censured virtually every minister as soon as he was named and also encouraged the Compactación to lead demonstrations against the president in the streets of Quito. The campaign against Martínez was led by the charismatic president of the Chamber of Deputies, José María Velasco Ibarra, who at the time professed a "total lack of presidential ambitions." In September 1934, less than a year after Martínez was forced to resign, Velasco assumed the presidency after having won popular elections by an overwhelming margin.
The first of Velasco's five periods as president lasted only eleven months. He was overthrown by the military after attempting to assume dictatorial powers by dissolving Congress and jailing his congressional opponents. Shortly thereafter, the military placed Federico Páez Chiriboga in the presidential palace. An engineer and former senator, Páez ruled precariously for two years, first with the political support of the socialist left and then with that of the right, and he tried to advance the reforms undertaken by Ayora a decade earlier. Ongoing fiscal difficulties severely limited Páez's efforts, however, and in September 1937 he was overthrown by his minister of national defense, General Alberto Enríquez Gallo. Although he ruled for less than a year, Enríquez achieved note as a social reformer by his promulgation of the Labor Code of 1938.
Enríquez is also remembered for having initiated a protracted confrontation with the United States-based South American Development Company over the terms of its Ecuadorian concession and the wages it paid its Ecuadorian employees. The company refused to comply with Enríquez's entreaty that more of the profits from its mining operations stay in Ecuador, and it won the support of the United States Department of State. The Ecuadorian government continued its demands despite United States pressure. In 1940 the United States, hoping to obtain Ecuadorian cooperation in its anticipated war effort, ended its support for the mining firm. Ecuadorian President Carlos Alberto Arroyo del Río, in turn, proved generous in his cooperation with the Allies, allowing the United States to build a naval base on the Galápagos Islands and an air base at Salinas on the Ecuadorian mainland.
In addition to being a genuine friend and admirer of the United States, Arroyo del Río was the leader of the PLR and a representative of the Guayaquil-based "plutocracy." He came to power constitutionally in November 1939 upon the death of his predecessor, but he continued in office in January 1940 through fraudulent elections that were universally believed to have been won by Velasco, and continued in power later, through repression. Despite such antipopular methods of ruling, he managed to remain in office for almost four years, thanks to economic support by the United States and the recuperation of Ecuador's export markets as worldwide economic depression gave way to recovery during World War II.
Arroyo del Río's undoing was the disastrous 1941 war with Peru. Although the prior sequence of events—the breakdown of talks aimed at resolving the boundary issues in 1938, followed by repeated border skirmishes—had given ample warning of a possible outbreak of large-scale hostilities, Ecuador was unprepared to meet the July 5 Peruvian invasion. Furthermore, the president's fear of being left unprotected from his opponents led him to keep the nation's best fighting forces in Quito while Peruvian troops continuously attacked the nation's southern and eastern provinces until a ceasefire went into effect on .
Peru's occupation ended only after January 1942, when the two nations signed the Protocol of Peace, Friendship, and Boundaries while attending the Third Conference of Foreign Ministers of the American Republics in Rio de Janeiro. Under the terms of the Rio Protocol, the informal name of the agreement, Ecuador renounced its claim to some 200,000 square kilometers of territory. Shortly afterward, the Rio Protocol was ratified by a bare plurality of the Ecuadorian legislature.
The Ecuadorian government quickly regretted having become a party to the Rio Protocol. The protocol became the focus of a surge of Ecuadorian national pride and concomitant opposition to Arroyo in a new coalition—the Democratic Alliance. The coalition brought together a wide array of Ecuadorian politicians dedicated to replacing the "president who had been unable to defend the national honor." Arroyo's rejoinder that he would remain in office the full four years, "neither one day more nor one day less," and his being prominently hailed in Washington as "the Apostle of PanAmericanism " only increased his political isolation. A persistent inflation that whittled away at the purchasing power of salaried workers was a further cause of popular resentment against Arroyo.
In May 1944, following an uprising in Guayaquil that pitted the military and civilian supporters of Velasco against Arroyo's police, the president finally resigned. The military handed power to the Democratic Alliance, which in turn named Velasco, whose electoral candidacy had recently been vetoed by Arroyo, as the popularly acclaimed president of the republic. The populist master returned triumphantly from exile in Colombia, greeted by throngs of enthusiasts during a three-day journey to Quito, to assume the presidency for the second time.

</doc>
<doc id="20220119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220119" title="Greg Brady (broadcaster)">
Greg Brady (broadcaster)

Greg Brady (born 1971) is a Canadian sports radio host on Sportsnet 590 The FAN, and is a regular pundit scheduled on the docket of BBC Radio 5 Live show "Fighting Talk" and holds the record for most wins on the show, alternating that honour with John Rawling over the years.
Biography.
Born and raised in London, Ontario, Brady attended the University of Western Ontario where he studied Political Science. After finishing his four years, he then completed Fanshawe College's journalism program.
Brady began his career in broadcasting at CIXX-FM, the campus radio station of Fanshawe College. He moved on to CKLW in Windsor, Ontario, then joining WDFN in the late 1990s. He appeared in various broadcast roles at WDFN before he settled into co-hosting the Jamie and Brady show, with Jamie Samuelsen, from 2002 to 2007. Brady was fired along with co-host Samuelsen and update host Matt Shepard in November 2007. Both Samuelsen and Shepard were eventually rehired by WDFN, leaving Brady as the only member of that show not to return to Detroit radio. As a non-American citizen without employment, Brady was forced to move back to his native Canada where he co-hosted "The Bill Watters Show" on AM640 Toronto Radio. He has also presented "Leafs Lunch" on the same station.
Brady also has been an ice hockey play-by-play broadcaster for six seasons in the Ontario Hockey League. He spent five years as the first-ever broadcaster for the Saginaw Spirit, and spent the 2007-08 season broadcasting for the Windsor Spitfires.
Brady is father of two young boys and is married to fellow sports journalist and women's hockey pundit Rachel Brady. He resigned from AM640 on June 23, 2010 in order to pursue a more favourable schedule at the FAN 590 to accommodate his family life.
On August 16, 2010, Brady made his debut on the Fan 590 on the 12PM-3PM timeslot with "The Greg Brady Show". On September 13, 2010, Brady made his hosting debut for "Hockey Central at Noon", co-hosted with Doug MacLean and Nick Kypreos, on the 12PM-1PM timeslot, with "The Greg Brady Show" being reduced to the 1PM-3PM timeslot.
On February 10, 2011, Brady was re-assigned to the 5:30AM-9AM morning show on an interim basis after Andrew Krystal was removed from that timeslot, while still maintaining his co-hosting job on the "Hockey Central at Noon" timeslot. On March 10, 2011, Brady was officially named the new morning show co-host on the Fan 590, alongside Jim Lang. Daren Millard was named as Brady's replacement as co-host on "Hockey Central at Noon".
BBC and Fighting Talk.
Brady also does freelance work for the BBC, including co-commentating for the Super Bowl, other NFL playoff games, and regular season games played in the UK, and reporting on Wimbledon. He has also been a regular pundit on the BBC Radio Five Live show Fighting Talk since its debut in 2003; while he regularly contributes to the programme via ISDN from Toronto (earlier Detroit), Brady has been making appearances in studio since 2007, coinciding with the annual NFL International Series game at Wembley Stadium, London. He has been described by Gillian Reynolds, radio critic of "The Daily Telegraph", as "fast on the factual draw and witty with it." Mark Pougatch, writing for "The Times", has described his observations as "entertaining." BBC Five Live reaches around 6 million listeners.
The 2011-12 FT campaign was Brady's most successful to date, with six victories and five appearances in the Defend the Indefensible final, including a controversial double victory on the show's 8th birthday special on 8 October 2011 to put him ahead of rival John Rawling with 41 wins all-time. As of 19 May 2012, Brady has notched 44 wins during his FT career. Brady's record of six wins and as many appearances in Defend the Indefensible that season gave him his first-ever appearance in the FT Champion of Champions show, where he unfortunately did not make the final, finishing in a third place tie with Dougie Anderson.

</doc>
<doc id="20220142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220142" title="José Manuel Roca Cases">
José Manuel Roca Cases

José Manuel Roca Cases (born 28 February 1976 in Orihuela, Valencian Community) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and the current manager of Olympiacos Volou 1937 FC.
Football career.
Roca played only lower league football in his country, representing Real Madrid C, Real Madrid Castilla, Real Murcia, CD Onda, CE Sabadell FC, Palamós CF, Novelda CF, CD Badajoz and Orihuela CF and appearing in 153 Segunda División B games over the course of nine seasons. In the 1999–2000 campaign he was part of Villarreal CF's roster, but failed to appear in any official matches as the club promoted to La Liga.
At already 32 Roca moved abroad, going on to spend the rest of his career in Greece where he played for Panthrakikos FC, Olympiacos Volou 1937 FC (two spells) and Doxa Drama FC, for a total of 43 Superleague appearances. He retired in 2013 and immediately started coaching his last team, now in the second level.

</doc>
<doc id="20220144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220144" title="Demographics of British Bangladeshis">
Demographics of British Bangladeshis

British Bangladeshis are people who have immigrated from Bangladesh to the United Kingdom. They have mainly settled in the boroughs of east London, primarily in the borough of Tower Hamlets, Camden, Haringey, Hackney, Newham, Westminster and Redbridge. Over 50% of the Bangladeshi population living in the United Kingdom, live in London.
Population.
United Kingdom regions.
The table below shows the dispersity of Bangladeshi people in the United Kingdom. The percentages include, the population percentage of the total population of the region itself, and the percentage of the Bangladeshi population in that region. The population of the regions, are data from the Office for National Statistics (Neighbourhood Statistics), as of 2006 estimates.
Tower Hamlets wards.
The Bangladeshi populations in the 17 local electoral districts called "wards" in London borough of Tower Hamlets (based on census data, from the Office for National Statistics - Neighbourhood statistics). 
Education.
In comparison with all pupils nationally in the country, Bangladeshi pupils have average attainment at the end of each key stage and achievement by pupils is steadily improving. The attainment of Bangladeshi pupils at Key Stage 1 is the considerably above the national average and this pattern can be seen in Key Stages 2 and 3. The numbers of Bangladeshi pupils who are attaining five or more A*–C grades in the General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) are above the national average. According to Ofsted, reports from many secondary schools showed that many Bangladeshi pupils are making significant progress compared with other groups, achieving better by the equivalent of four GCSE points. In London the pupils do better than the average of the whole city. 
Increasing fluency in English is playing a greater role in improved education for Bangladeshis, the progress of pupils through Key Stage 1 and 2 in English tends to be growing rapidly compared with other such subjects in school. At the end of Key Stage 2, they are attaining 11 percentage points, which is above the national average in English. This is a very considerable type of achievement when set against the fact that their peers who have English as a mother tongue are also improving their language skills from a very different starting point. 97 per cent of Bangladeshi students in Tower Hamlets mainly speak English as a second language, after Sylheti, but despite this they perform as well as or better than white pupils at GCSE. ref name=BTG></ref>
Bangladeshi pupils make more progress than several other minority ethnic groups between Key Stage 3 and GCSE. Bengali speaking pupils with greater English fluency are closing the gap for GCSE average scores with other language groups. For example, 71% of Bangladeshi pupils who achieve level 5 at Key Stage 3 achieve five or more A*–C grades at GCSE, compared with 67% of Pakistani pupils and 48% of Black Caribbean pupils. Overall, the correlation between FSM eligibility and attainment at GCSE is less strong for Bangladeshi girls and boys than for other groups. Overall, girls are more likely to do better in education than boys, with 55% of girls achieving 5 or more A*-C at GCSE compared with boys at 41%, and the achievement rate overall is at 48% for Bangladeshi pupils compared with 53% for all pupils.
Employment.
A lot of Bangladeshis are mainly employed in the retail, distribution, transport, hotel and restaurant industries, for both men and women. This is unsurprising, because many Bangladeshis have founded the restaurant and curry houses throughout Britain. 1 in 3 Bangladeshi women worked in this industry in 2004, compared with one in five of all women in employment.
Between 2001 and 2002, particularly among men, Bangladeshis had the highest unemployment rate in Britain at 20%, which is four times that for White British or White Irish men. The Bangladeshi women also had the highest unemployment rate of all at 24 per cent, and over 40 per cent of under the age 25 Bangladeshi men were unemployed. Unemployment was mostly high amongst the youths, for example in Tower Hamlets itself had 32% of people aged between 18–25 years who were unemployed. The rates of unemployment and under-achievement are sometimes very common with Bangladeshis. The average earnings of the Bangladeshis were at only £150 per week, which is considered to be very low. 
New generation Bangladeshis living in Britain, are now willing to be involved and employed in professional careers. Bangladeshis were most likely to be employed or own curry restaurants in Britain. However, this is mainly present among the older generation or the first generation who have started this cultural business. The younger generation who are receiving better education in comparison with their ancestors, are not very influenced by the business of the curry. Many of these people are now looking to have professional types of careers in the mainstream of British business. In the third and fourth generation of British Bangladeshis, are also to be involved with politics, increasing numbers of people are barristers. Also many are, doctors, IT and management specialists, teachers and working in the business. Notable British Bangladeshis in professional careers include, Iftekharul Islam - Citigroup macro-strategy managing director, Sham Ahmed - Mathworks managing director, Asif Ahmed - director of Asia International Group of UK Trade and Investment and many more.
Health.
Bangladeshis have the highest rates of illnesses in the UK, as of 2001. They were more likely to suffer from medical conditions, fevers or headaches than any other ethnic group. The men were three times as likely to visit their doctor than men in the general population. The age standardized rates for both genders of Bangladeshis were twice as larger than the White British. And taking account of the different structures of age groups, Bangladeshis also had the highest rates of people with disabilities.
Smoking was another serious health issue which was raised amongst the Bangladeshi community. They were most likely to smoke cigarettes at a rate of 44% in 1999 in England than any other people. The smoking was very common amongst the men, but a very a few women smoked cigarettes compared to men, however 26% were to have chewed tobacco. Tobacco was mainly used as conjunction with the cigarettes. Bangladeshis, have the highest amounts of gender difference in terms of smoking, it is believed to be because of cultural or religious customs because of these differences. Smoking amongst Bangladeshis was also part of the socio-economic problems facing the people, which explained why many men do smoke.
The women of the community is found to suffer from a medical condition termed as the "Begum Syndrome". Many women would had to visit the doctors for an analysis, the symptoms as said by the women was all related to pain inside the body. The researchers finally concluded it was not a serious medical condition, in fact it was just a talk of pain, it was all a form of somatisation, an internalisation of the women’s depleted types of resources and cramped dwellings of which they lived in.
Housing.
Bangladeshi households contain the largest numbers of people living together than any other ethnic group. The average number of people living in each house was 4.5 people (at least 5 people in each house), based on the census. Households which contained only one person was at just 9%. Nearly three-quarters of houses at least contained a child living with parents, the highest figure than any other ethnic group, three times larger than White families. The percent of houses which contained a married couple was at 54%, also the largest, and the proportion of pensioner households ranged from 2 per cent of Bangladeshi households to 27 per cent of White Irish households. These types of households made up 2 per cent of all households in Great Britain whereas among the Bangladeshi community they made up 17 per cent of households.
Bangladeshis living London were to be 40 times more likely to be living in cramped and poor housing types of housing than anyone else in the country, especially in the London borough of Tower Hamlets, where more than half of the UK Bangladeshi population lives. Families were to have twice as many people per room as white households and 43% live in homes with insufficient bedroom space - compared with a national average of just 3%. The desire to remain within a tight community is putting Bangladeshis off moving to new larger housing and to areas where larger properties and space are available. A third of Bangladeshi homes contain an extended family – 64% of all overcrowded households in Tower Hamlets are Bangladeshi.
Bangladeshi students.
Increasing numbers of students from Bangladesh are arriving to Britain since at least 2002. Prior to 2001, the United States was the primary destination for those students who sought undergraduate or postgraduate degrees abroad. Since the September 11 attacks, however, the difficulty of obtaining a US student visa, has forced many Bangladeshi students to seek alternative locations, in particular Australia, Canada and the UK. The total number of incoming students is currently estimated to be around 2,000-3,000 per annum. Most of these students come from urban locations such as Dhaka and Chittagong. The vast majority chooses London as their primary base, not least because of the ease of finding paid work to finance their education and living costs. A network of colleges - known as visa colleges - has taken root in East London, in order to cater to these students, often established and run by Bangladeshi proprietors. These students are heavily concentrated in east London boroughs where majority of Bangladeshi Sylhetis have settled. Besides their studies, they can be found working a variety of low-skilled, low-paid jobs. The UK government's decision to encourage foreign students to stay and work in Britain after their studies, has resulted in many of these students settling in Britain, particularly graduates working in 'shortage sectors' such as science and technology. This is likely to increase the diversity of the British Bangladeshi population in coming years.

</doc>
<doc id="20220154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220154" title="Kyle Walker">
Kyle Walker

Kyle Andrew Walker (born 28 May 1990) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for English Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur, and the England national football team.
Early life.
Walker was born in Sheffield and grew up in the Sharrow area of the city. He attended Porter Croft Infant & Junior School, followed by High Storrs School until 2006.
Club career.
Sheffield United.
Walker joined boyhood club Sheffield United at the age of seven after being recommended by Football Unites, Racism Divides and progressed through the ranks to become a regular fixture in the reserves by 2008. In November 2008 he was allowed to join League One side Northampton Town for a month's loan to gain first team experience, making his debut on 15 November 2008 in a defeat by Oldham Athletic. His one month loan was later extended into January, before eventually returned to Bramall Lane having played nine games for the Cobblers.
Soon after returning to his parent club, Walker made his full debut for Sheffield United on 13 January 2009, starting in a third round FA Cup tie against Leyton Orient. With the Blades losing a number of players to injury in the closing weeks of the season, Walker was a surprise inclusion in the starting line up for the crucial last two games of the season, making his full league debut for the club on 25 April 2009 against Swansea City. After two outstanding performances he retained his place as Sheffield United entered the play–offs, starting both games against Preston North End and the final against Burnley at the end of May. By playing in the final, Walker became the youngest Sheffield United player ever to play at Wembley Stadium.
Tottenham Hotspur.
On 22 July 2009, Walker left Sheffield United to join Tottenham Hotspur along with fellow defender Kyle Naughton for a combined fee of £9m, but was loaned back to the Yorkshire club for the duration of the 2009–10 season as part of the deal.
Whilst at Bramall Lane he was virtually ever present at right back for the first half of the season but was unexpectedly recalled back to Spurs on 1 February 2010, just before the close of the January 2010 transfer window, as cover for Alan Hutton who was loaned out to Sunderland earlier the same day. Walker made his debut for Tottenham on Saturday 27 March 2010, in a 2–0 victory over Portsmouth.
At the start of the following season, Walker went out on loan once more signing an initial six-month deal with Queens Park Rangers (QPR) due to injuries at the club in the right back position. In mid-October, his loan was extended until 3 January 2011.
After he had left QPR, Walker joined Aston Villa on loan until the end of the 2010–11 season. He scored on his début only nine minutes into the game against former club Sheffield United in the third round of the FA Cup in January 2011. At the start of February, Walker scored his first Premier League goal and first senior league goal, a 30-yard strike low into the left corner against Fulham. He returned to his parent club at the end of the 2010–11 season after scoring two goals in 18 appearances in all competitions for Aston Villa.
On leaving Villa Park, Walker suggested that he would be happy to return to the club the following season, as first team opportunities were limited but Tottenham Hotspur manager Harry Redknapp later stated that he did not wish to sell the defender. Walker subsequently agreed to a contract extension at Tottenham until 2016. Walker was chosen in the starting eleven for Tottenham's opening game of the 2011–12 season, against Manchester United at Old Trafford on 22 August 2011. On 2 October, he scored the winning goal in the North London derby against Arsenal from 25-yards out. Tottenham won the match 2–1.
On 22 April 2012, Walker was named as the Professional Footballers' Association Young Player of the Year, beating the likes of Sergio Agüero, Danny Welbeck, Daniel Sturridge, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and teammate Gareth Bale to the award, as well as being named in the PFA Team of the Year. On 29 April, he scored a free-kick from 25 yards to help Tottenham beat Blackburn Rovers 2–0 at White Hart Lane. On 3 May 2012, Walker was awarded with a new five-year contract, that runs until 2017.
Walker's performance against Manchester United in March 2012, saw him at fault for two of the opposition's goals in a 3–1 defeat. He began his next season in a similar vein, he was at fault for Chelsea's 4th goal in the 4–2 defeat at White Hart Lane, getting shrugged of the ball easily by Juan Mata. He was ever-present in the first half of the season in premier league (apart from the 3–0 victory over Fulham at Craven Cottage) this included playing 90 minutes in the 3–2 win over Manchester United, this was Tottenham's first victory at Old Trafford in 23 years.
On 28 October 2013, it was announced that Walker had signed a new contract with Tottenham, keeping him at the club until 2019.
International career.
Before having even made a league appearance for Sheffield United, Walker was called up to the England U19s in February 2009. He made his début on 10 February, coming on as a second half substitute in a 3–0 loss to Spain U19s. Following his first run of regular Premier League starts, Walker was called up to the full England squad in February 2011 and again in March 2011. However, he did not feature in any of the games played and pulled out of the squad in March due to an injury.
At the end of the 2010–11 season, Walker was named as part of the England squad which competed in the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship competition in Denmark. Despite the poor showing of the team who were knocked out in the first round, Walker was named in the Team of the Tournament.
His good form in the 2011–12 Premier League season saw him named in the England squad for a friendly against Spain. On 12 November, Walker made his England debut in the 1–0 win over Spain, coming on for Scott Parker as a substitute in the 85th minute.
Walker went on to make his first start for England on 15 November, in a 1–0 win against Sweden, during which he won man-of-the-match. He missed UEFA Euro 2012 because of a toe injury, suffered in a league game against Fulham.
Walker played the first England game after Euro 2012, playing the full 90 minutes of a 2–1 win against Italy.
Career statistics.
Club statistics.
¹ Includes match against Bolton Wanderers.
Sponsorship.
In December 2012 Walker signed a boot deal with Nike to wear the T90 Laser IV which is also worn by Manchester United's Wayne Rooney. From 2009 to 2012 he was wearing the GT Pro II boot by Umbro.

</doc>
<doc id="20220173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220173" title="1618 in poetry">
1618 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="20220186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220186" title="John Forbes-Sempill, 18th Lord Sempill">
John Forbes-Sempill, 18th Lord Sempill

John Forbes-Sempill, 18th Lord Sempill (21 August 1863 – 28 February 1934) was a Scottish peer, the 18th Lord Sempill and 9th Baronet of Craigievar.
He was the son of William Forbes-Sempill, 17th Lord Sempill, and Frances Emily Abercromby, the daughter of Sir Robert Abercromby, 5th Baronet, and succeeded to the titles on the death of his father in 1905, prior to which he was known by the courtesy title "Master of Sempill". In addition to three sisters, he was the eldest of four brothers, all of whom served in the military; Douglas, a Major in the Seaforth Highlanders, was killed on the North-West Frontier of India in 1908, whilst Robert was killed in the Battle of the Somme serving with the Gordon Highlanders. The youngest of the four, Arthur, was in the Royal Navy, and survived the Battle of Jutland. A fifth brother, William, died in infancy.
After studying at Eton, he joined the 3rd (Militia) Battalion of the Gordon Highlanders in 1883, then transferred to the Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders in 1885. After service in the Sudan, he transferred to the Army Service Corps in 1894, then transferred into the Black Watch in 1894. He served with the Lovat Scouts and then the Black Watch in the South African War. He would later go on to command the 8th Battalion Black Watch in the First World War, where he was severely wounded at the Battle of Loos and mentioned in despatches. He later claimed to have been the first man from Kitchener's Army to land in France; he had leapt ashore before the troopship had tied up at the dock. He later served in the House of Lords as a Scottish representative peer, and was later the chairman of the Aberdeenshire Territorial Army Association, the Honorary Colonel of the 5th Battalion Gordon Highlanders - his brother Robert's battalion - and an aide-de-camp to King George V.
His wife, Gwendolyn Prodger, was born and raised in Wales, with a Cornish mother, and was an accomplished harpist. The two had met at the fashionable resort of Homburg in the 1880s, and were married on 22 June 1892.
They had three children; the eldest, William, who led a trade mission to Japan and then through his anti-semitic beliefs sold British aviation secrets to the Japanese, succeeded to his father's titles. The baronetcy would later pass to their younger son, Ewan, on William's death, whilst the barony passed to their granddaughter Ann. In addition to the sons, they had two daughters; Gwendolyn (also known as Gwyneth), who died of appendicitis aged twelve, and Margaret, who later became a Justice of the Peace and a decorated member of the Women's Auxiliary Air Force in the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="20220188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220188" title="Annunziata (Poschiavo)">
Annunziata (Poschiavo)

Annunziata is a small town near Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20220190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220190" title="Emanuele Troise">
Emanuele Troise


</doc>
<doc id="20220201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220201" title="Maxwell Carpendale">
Maxwell Carpendale

Maxwell John Carpendale (1865–1941) was an Irish rugby international. He won four caps between 1886 and 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="20220214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220214" title="Lublin Regional Assembly">
Lublin Regional Assembly

The Lublin Regional Assembly () is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Lublin, Poland. It is a unicameral body consists of thirty-three councillors elected in free elections for a four-year term. The current chairperson of the assembly is Jacek Czerniak. 
The Regional Assembly meets in the Marshal's Office in Lublin City.
Districts.
Members of the Assembly are elected from five districts, serve four-year terms. Districts does not have the constituencies formal names. Instead, each constituency has a number and territorial description.

</doc>
<doc id="20220215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220215" title="Dušan Kabát">
Dušan Kabát

Dušan Kabát (born 20 August 1944) is a former Czechoslovakia international football player.
Career.
Born in Sereď, Kabát began playing football with TJ Leopoldov. In a career that spanned 1961 to 1976, he played for Slovan Piešťany, FC Spartak Trnava, FC Dukla Prague and Slovan Hlohovec. He appeared in 296 Czechoslovakian league matches and scored 56 goals during his club career.
He made 24 appearances and scored two goals for the Czechoslovakia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20220217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220217" title="Piazzo">
Piazzo

Piazzo is a small town in Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland. It is located in the south of the Poschiavo valley, near Brusio.

</doc>
<doc id="20220224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220224" title="Vlastimil Opálek">
Vlastimil Opálek

Vlastimil Opálek (born 7 February 1959 in Trnava - died 5 October 1995) was a Slovak football goalkeeper.
Career.
Opálek played as a goalkeeper for FC Spartak Trnava. After retiring from playing, he became a goalkeeping coach for Spartak at age 35.
Personal.
Opálek died in a traffic accident in Drnovice at age 36.

</doc>
<doc id="20220233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220233" title="Military Police Complaints Commission">
Military Police Complaints Commission

Military Police Complaints Commission is a Canadian government independent, quasi-judicial agency which was established in December 1999 and is responsible for handling of complaints concerning the Canadian Forces Military Police more transparent and accessible, and to ensure that both complainants and members of the Military Police are dealt with fairly and impartially through investigations, consultations and public hearings. The Commission does not have the power to discipline.

</doc>
<doc id="20220239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220239" title="Kinsley Greyhound Stadium">
Kinsley Greyhound Stadium

Kinsley greyhound stadium is a greyhound racing stadium situated in Kinsley, West Yorkshire, England. It was voted "Best NGRC greyhound stadium in the north" by the British Greyhound Racing Board for 2008.
Racing takes place on Friday and Saturday evenings (through to night) also Sunday afternoons BAGS racing.
The circumference of the track at Kinsley is 385 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="20220245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220245" title="Bard Ventures">
Bard Ventures

Bard Ventures Ltd. () is a Canadian-based mining company and is listed on the TSX Venture Exchange. It has mineral properties in British Columbia and is headquartered in Vancouver. The main focus is on molybdenum.
The primary mining focus is the Lone Pine Molybdenum Project (molybdenum drilling program underway), and the Wasi Creek Zinc Lead Silver Project, both located in northern B.C. Canada.
Other mining companies in the molybdenum industry are Thompson Creek Metals Company Inc., General Moly, Inc. and Roca Mines Inc.
History.
The Lone Pine property has seen extensive historical exploration. A Minister of Mines and Resources (Canada) annual report from 1914 was the first mention of workings on the property, detailing a shaft intersection of a narrow silver-lead-zinc-copper-gold bearing quartz vein. Various surface workings continued in the 1920s as additional veins were discovered.
Numerous companies from 1959 to 1971 conducted a variety of exploration over the property, however, it wasn't until 1976 that molybdenum mineralization was being sought after as a primary commodity. Between 1976 and 1992 continued exploration resulted in moderate molybdenum mineralization on the property.
The Lone Pine Property consists of seven mineral claims covering 1051 hectares, which are approximately 15 kilometers north-northwest of Houston, BC, and are situated in the Omineca Mining Division. The Property area extends over several molybdenum showings including Quartz Breccia, Alaskite Zone, Mineral Hill and Granby.
The Alaskite Zone is aptly named for the white, fine to medium grained quartz feldspar porphyry intrusive that was recognized and mapped in outcrop in 1967 as alaskite. The alaskite intrusive is the main focus of the Lone Pine Property drilling and has been interpreted as being the most favorable lithology for molybdenum mineralization. The alaskite intrusive to date continues to be drilled to the northwest of its original outcropping occurrence, BD-07-01 area, with exploration advancement to the northwest ongoing.
Mining operations and community.
Bard Ventures drilling program for the Lone Pine Property provides employment for the surrounding communities of Smithers, British Columbia and Houston. Commercial production will not interfere with the local communities as the property has access to an existing infrastructure and is located less than one kilometre off Highway 16 that connects Prince Rupert to Prince George in central BC.
The main power grid connecting the area transects the property along Highway 16. In addition, a power sub station occurs within two kilometres of the property, opening the potential for simple, low-cost power for the project. Surface rights in the area are controlled by a few (less than five) local residents that have thus far been cooperative with the exploration efforts. Also transacting the property is a natural gas pipeline. Natural gas is an important component used to drive energy for a Mo roaster facility, should the project ever warrant the development of one.
Demand for molybdenum.
According to the International Molybdenum Association , demand from the manufacturing of tools, high-speed steel, stainless steel and low alloy steel accounts for about 80% of total molybdenum consumption. Demand for molybdenum has also increased because of its use as a reducer of sulfur in crude oil. One of the applications pertinent in current market conditions is the use of molybdenum in the pipework for the offshore oil and gas industry. High growth in the energy sector has contributed to the growth in global demand of molybdenum, due to increased demand for the metal for new and replacement pipelines.
However, an analyst from Fundamental Research Corp. says: “The recent decline in energy prices and global steel consumption will put downward pressure on molybdenum demand growth.”
References.
Junior Mining Weekly, July 16, 2008, Canaccord Adams [http://agoracom.com/agoraimages/miningweekly16July2008.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="20220256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220256" title="Silverstone Half Marathon">
Silverstone Half Marathon

Adidas Silverstone Half Marathon is a popular road half marathon that has been held each year on the Silverstone Circuit since 2003, usually in March. The race is currently sponsored by Adidas, as the Adidas Silverstone Half Marathon. The race is organised by London Marathon Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="20220257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220257" title="Accounting Technicians Ireland">
Accounting Technicians Ireland

Accounting Technicians Ireland (formerly IATI) is a professional body for Accounting Technicians on the island of Ireland. They have over 10,000 members and students in the Republic of Ireland and in Northern Ireland.
The organisation was established in 1983 by representatives of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland (ICAI) and the Irish Institute of Accounting Technicians (IIAT). Accounting Technicians Ireland was originally called The Institute of Accounting Technicians in Ireland.
The Accounting Technicians Ireland qualification combines professional exams with practical work experience. The Accounting Technicians Ireland diploma is divided into two parts, each of which is a qualification in its own right:
As members of the Accounting Technicians Ireland body, individuals are entitled to use the letters MIATI after their name. After eight years members may be eligible to apply for fellow membership. Fellow members use the designation FIATI after their name. Other professional accountancy bodies recognise the qualification and offer exemptions from their examination to Accounting Technicians Ireland graduates.
Accounting Technicians Ireland is a not-for-profit organisation. They are a partner body of Chartered Accountants Ireland and an associate member of the International Federation of Accountants (IFAC). They have offices in Dublin and Belfast and links with local networks throughout Ireland.
Accounting Technicians Ireland is the trading name for the Institute of Accounting Technicians in Ireland Limited.
Organisational structure.
Accounting Technicians Ireland is managed and operated by a board of directors and 21 executive staff. The Board is responsible for managing the business of the organisation and for implementing a strategic vision.
The board of directors is made up of eight directors and a secretary. Four of these board directors are members of Accounting Technicians Ireland that have been elected and the other four board directors are nominated by their partner body, Chartered Accountants Ireland. The Board meets at intervals during the year and also for the AGM which is held in June.
The board of directors is led by the Officer Group. This group is made up of the President, Vice-President and Immediate Past President. These positions are only held by Board members and the term of office is one year.
The day to day management of Accounting Technicians Ireland is handled by Accounting Technicians Ireland CEO, Gay Sheehan who is supported by the Directors for Education, Marketing and IT.
Working under senior management the following departments support students' and members' needs:
To further help students and members they provide a placement and careers service through Accounting Technicians Recruitment. The service keeps students and members up to date with accountancy vacancies in both practice and industry.
Professional standards.
Accounting Technicians Ireland has a Code of Professional Ethics and a set of Disciplinary Procedures, the purpose of which is to ensure confidence in the organisation and its members. The board of directors produced the Code of Professional Ethics for use by members and students, and it was adopted on 26 June 2007.
Accounting Technicians Ireland publish both their Code of Professional Ethics and Disciplinary Procedures on their website.
Membership structure.
Accounting Technicians Ireland has four levels of membership including a Student level.

</doc>
<doc id="20220262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220262" title="Julio Bevacqua">
Julio Bevacqua


</doc>
<doc id="20220268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220268" title="Campocologno">
Campocologno

Campocologno is a small town in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland. Campocologno is located in the south of the Poschiavo valley.

</doc>
<doc id="20220280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220280" title="History of Ecuador (1944–60)">
History of Ecuador (1944–60)

This is a summary of the history of Ecuador from 1944-1960.
History of Ecuador.
Galo Plaza differed from previous Ecuadorian presidents. Galo Plaza brought a developmentalist and technocratic emphasis to Ecuadorian government. No doubt Galo Plaza's most important contribution to Ecuadorian political culture was his commitment to the principles and practices of democracy. As president he managed to foment the agricultural exports of Ecuador during his government, creating economic stability. During his presidency, an earthquake near Ambato severely damaged the city and surrounding areas and killed approximately 8,000 people. Unable to succeed himself, he left his office in 1952 as the first president in 28 years to complete his term in office.
A proof of the politically stabilizing effect of the banana boom of the 1950s is that even Velasco, who in 1952 was elected president for the third time, managed to serve out a full four-year term. He continued to spend as before—building bridges, roads, and schools at will and rewarding his political supporters (including, this time, the military) with jobs, salary increases, and weapons—but, in contrast to his previous times in office, there were now sufficient funds to pay for everything.
Always the master populist, Velasco (who by now liked to be known as "the National Personification") again came to power with the support of the common man, this time through the vehicle of the Guayaquil-based Concentration of Popular Forces (Concentración de Fuerzas Populares, CFP). Once in office, however, he arrested and deported the CFP boss, Carlos Guevara Moreno, together with several other party leaders. Guevara Moreno reassumed control of the CFP in 1955 following a three-year exile. Velasco's subsequent party support during the 1950s came from the Conservatives, the conservative Social Christian Movement (Movimiento Social Cristiano, MSC), and the highly nationalistic, anticommunist, quasi-fascist Ecuadorian Nationalist Revolutionary Action (Acción Revolucionaria Nacionalista Ecuatoriana, ARNE).
On repeated occasions, members of ARNE acted as thugs and shock troops, attacking students, labor unions, and the press. In 1955 Velasco also chose to pick a fight with the United States. In the opening round of what would later become known as the "tuna war," Ecuadorian officials seized two fishing boats carrying the United States flag, charging them with fishing inside the 200-nautical mile limit claimed by Ecuador as territorial seas under its sovereignty.
In 1956 Camilo Ponce Enríquez, the MSC founder who had served in Velasco's cabinet, assumed the presidency after a close election replete with allegations of fraud. Although late support from Velasco proved crucial to Ponce's victory, shortly afterward "the National Personification" became the principal opponent of the new chief executive. In a display of statesmanship and political acumen, Ponce co-opted the Liberal opposition by including it, along with Conservatives and the MSC, in his cabinet.
Although Ponce did not enact the Social Christian reforms of which he spoke vaguely during the campaign, the relative political calm that prevailed during his four years in office was, in itself, an accomplishment given the worsening economic situation. Ponce's term saw the end of the banana boom that had sustained more than a decade of constitutional rule. Falling export prices led to rising unemployment and a social malaise that briefly erupted into riots in 1959. By the following year, the effects of the discontent were ready to be exploited by the populist appeal of the irrepressible Velasco, who was elected with his widest margin of victory ever. Velasco's fourth turn in the presidency initiated a renewal of crisis, instability, and military domination and ended conjecture that the political system had matured or developed a democratic mold.

</doc>
<doc id="20220282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220282" title="Campascio">
Campascio

Campascio is a small town in Val Poschiavo, Grisons, Switzerland. It is located in the south of the valley.

</doc>
<doc id="20220317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220317" title="César Henríquez">
César Henríquez

César Henríquez (born November 1, 1981 in Santiago de Chile) is a Chilean footballer currently under contract for Chilean side Palestino. His brother, Ángelo, is also a professional footballer, currently playing for English Premier League side Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20220334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220334" title="Yuyuan Tourist Mart">
Yuyuan Tourist Mart

Shanghai Yuyuan Tourist Mart Company Limited, or Yuyuan Tourist Mart, is the largest retailing conglomerate in China. 
The company has presence in a variety of business sectors such as department stores and entertainment shops in Yuyuan Garden, Shanghai, the sales of gold, jade and other jewelry, food and beverages, Chinese pharmaceutical products, souvenirs, antiques, arts and crafts, the provision of property development, property management, import and export trading.
History.
Yuyuan Tourist Mart was formerly Yuyuan Shopping Mall, which was not a company but an administrative organization to manage the shops in Yuyuan Garden. In 1980s, some of the shops in there were integrated to form an enterprise. In 1987, Yuyuan Shopping Mall was approved to become the first commercial holding company in Shanghai. In 1988, its shares were listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and it was the first listed commercial holding company in China. In 1992, to unify the operations and management of the shopping mall, Shanghai Yuyuan Tourist Mart Company Limited was established and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange to replace the old listed company. In 2002, Fosun Group, a civilian-run enterprise in Shanghai, acquired 20% of shares of Yuyuan Tourist Mart and became the largest shareholder of Yuyuan Tourist Mart.

</doc>
<doc id="20220342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220342" title="Tafseer-e-Quadri">
Tafseer-e-Quadri

Tafseer-e-Quadri, is a three volume Tafsir of the Quran.
The tafseer (commentary) is divided into three volumes. The first volume was translated by Shaik-Ul-Shuyookh Hazrat Syed Muhammad Umar Husaini Quadri, a Deccan scholar, with the remaining two volumes translated by his son and successor,Shaikh-Al-Islam Hazrat Moulana Syed Muhammad Pasha Husaini Quadri.
Volume One (Surat Bani Israel (17) to Surat Fatah (48)).
The first volume is based on about 11 ½ parts of the Quran and is spread across 2025 pages, including a forty page foreword. Syed Muhammad Umar had been giving a series of commentaries on the Quran after Friday prayers at Makkah Masjid, Hyderabad, India, and had completed 14 parts before deciding to publish officially. The translation was started in the month of Ramzan, 1319AH in a monthly journal, and was based on 32 pages. This continued till his death in 1330AH, when he died at the age of 48.
Volume Two (Surat Hujrat (49) to Surat Naas (114)).
This volume is based on 4200 pages - commentary of about 4½ parts. After his death, his son and successor Hazrat Moulana Syed Muhammad Pasha Husaini Quadri continued the series of commentaries at Makkah Masjid, but the publication was delayed until 1372AH.
Volume Three (Surat Fatiha (1) to Surat Al Baqarah (2), Ayath no. 36.)).
After the completion of the thirtieth part of the commentary, Syed Muhammad Pasha started the commentary from Surat Al Fatiha in order to complete the commentary work of the first fourteen parts. This work was stopped on his death in Rabi' al-thani 1384AH. By this time, he had completed the commentary of Surat Al Fatiha and 36 Ayaths of Surat Al Baqara.

</doc>
<doc id="20220363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220363" title="Manuel de Jesus Lopes">
Manuel de Jesus Lopes

Career.
Career statistics
Last update: 27 June 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20220381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220381" title="38th SS Division Nibelungen">
38th SS Division Nibelungen

The 38th SS Division "Nibelungen" was formed in March 1945 from the staff and students of the "SS-Junkerschule" at Bad Tölz.
It was first given the title of the SS-Junkerschule Bad Tölz Division, but was renamed the SS-Division Junkerschule and finally the 38th SS Grenadier Division Nibelungen. This name was selected by the commander of the cadet school Richard Schulze-Kossens and comes from German mythology, where it was the name of a lineage of dwarves who were defeated by Siegfried.
Formation.
The Division never consisted of more than around 6,000 men, the strength of a normal Brigade.
Alongside the men of the "Junkerschule", the division also received some additional units, one being the SS special use "Begleitkommando-SS" and two "Zollgrenzschutz" (Customs Border Guards) battalions. Soldiers from the 6th SS Mountain Division Nord, a company from 7th SS Volunteer Mountain Division Prinz Eugen, officers from the 30th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (2nd Russian), 600 Frenchmen with their Swiss Major Hersche and a battalion of "Hitlerjugend" (Hitler Youth) were also taken on strength.
The first Divisional commander was Richard Schulze-Kossens, who at the time was the Commanding officer of the "SS-Brigade Nibelungen" and the "Junkerschule" at Bad Tölz. He was followed by Martin Stange on 12 April, (Heinz Lammerding and Karl von Oberkamp were also assigned as commanders, but never took up the post).
The division had two Grenadier regiments; the 95th, under the command of Sturmbannführer Markus Faulhaber and the 96th, commanded by Obersturmführer Walter Schmidt.
The division's 38th "Panzerjäger" (Tank Hunter) Battalion received the majority of its men from the "Prinz Eugen" division and officers from "Nord". The "Abteilung" (detachment) received about 10 "Jagdpanzer 38(t)" tank destroyers on 15 April, it also had some 75 mm towed "PaK 40" anti-tank guns (the "Abteilung" served under 17. SS-Panzergrenadier-Division Götz von Berlichingen from 17 to 24 April, until it came under its parent division).
Active service.
The 38th SS division was ready for battle on 24 April 1945, when it entered the ranks of the XIII SS Army Corps on the Danube river Front, facing American forces on the southern bank.
The "Nibelungen" was supposed to hold the Corps right wing from Vohburg to Kelheim, but the line was too long for the Divisions' strength, so it withdrew to a new front on 26 April, which it held until the 28th. On 29 April it had to retreat again across the Isar river to a new position south of Landshut, while coming under strong pressure on its flanks. The next day the Division retreated once again, this time to a defensive line northwest of Pastetten and on 1 May it had to withdraw almost 20 km to Wasseburg. The US 20th Armored Division then breached the division's front on 2 May, forcing the "Nibelungen" to retreat once more to Chiemsee. The remains of the division regrouped on 4 May and established a new line west of Oberwoessen. It surrendered to the American forces on 8 May 1945.
The German actor Hardy Kruger was among the members of the Hitler Youth battalion that was incorporated into the division. He was later captured by advancing units of the US Army.

</doc>
<doc id="20220394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220394" title="Abdul Diallo">
Abdul Diallo

Abdul Moktar Dialo (born December 23, 1985 in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso) is a footballer.
Career.
His career began in Europe in 2005 at the age of 20 when signed professional contract with Panthrakikos F.C.. He was member of Panthrakikos U21 in the 2005–06 season with a remarkable performance. In the 2006 he was promoted to the first squad. The last four years he has participated in Beta Ethniki, Super League Greece and Cypriot First Division.
Career statistics 
Last update: 28 June 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20220422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220422" title="Australian cricket team in South Africa in 2008–09">
Australian cricket team in South Africa in 2008–09

The Australia cricket team toured South Africa from 20 February to 17 April 2009, playing three Test matches, two Twenty20 Internationals and five One Day Internationals against South Africa.
Squads.
Tasmanian Brett Geeves was called up to the Australian squad during the First Test after Doug Bollinger suffered an abdominal-muscle strain while training in the nets.
After the First Test of the series, Western Australian fast bowler Steve Magoffin, was flown to join the touring squad as cover for Hilfenhaus and Siddle who were in doubt for the Second Test.<br>
South Africa called up Albie Morkel to replace Lonwabo Tsotsobe who injured his right knee in training during the First Test.
With Smith injured, South Africa called up Ashwell Prince and Imraan Khan, and dropped Neil McKenzie and Morné Morkel.
Test series.
1st Test.
Selections: Australia picked three debutants for this Test (Phillip Hughes, Marcus North and Ben Hilfenhaus) making it the first such time since December 1985 when Geoff Marsh, Merv Hughes and Bruce Reid started their Test careers against India in Adelaide. Doug Bollinger was relegated to twelfth man.
Day One: The conditions provided seam and swing for the bowlers and South Africa took full advantage early to have Australia struggling at 38/3. Ponting (83) and Clarke (68) put on 113 for the fourth wicket before Ponting was bowled by a massive in-swinger from Ntini. After Clarke fell with the score on 182, North (47*) and Haddin (37*) took the score to 254/5 from 68 overs, when bad light, and then rain, stopped play for the day.<br>
Dale Steyn was the pick of the bowlers with 3/82 from 19 overs, being both dangerous and economical early.<br>
Day Two: Haddin and North added 113 for the 5th wicket before the wicket-keeper was caught on 63. Marcus North (117) then continued on to make a century on debut (becoming the 18th Australian to do so, and the first against South Africa.) North and Mitchell Johnson (96*) put on 117 for the 7th wicket (a new record partnership for that wicket against South Africa). Mitchell Johnson later hit 26 from one over from Harris (an Australian Test record) before being stranded on 96 not out when Siddle and Hilfenhaus were dismissed off consecutive deliveries. Australia finished all out for 466.<br>
Steyn 4/113 and Morkel 3/117 were the pick of the bowlers.<br>
South Africa's response did not start well when Smith (0) and Alma (1) were dismissed with only 2 on the board. They finished the day at 85/3, with McKenzie 35* and de Villiers 13*.<br>
Day Three: AB de Villiers (104*) and McKenzie (36) were the only bastmen to pass 30 as South Africa were dismissed for 220.<br>
All the Australian bowlers used took a wicket with Mitchell 4/25 and Siddle 3/76 the best.<br>
The day ended early due to bad light with Australia 51/1 at the close; Hughes 36* and Ponting 1*.<br>
Morné Morkel took the only wicket.<br>
Day Four: From 99/1 Australia lost 4 wickets for 5 runs and were dismissed for 207. Hughes with 75 was the only batsman to pass 50. This gave Australia a lead of 453 with a day and almost 2 sessions to play.<br>
For South Africa, Kallis and Ntini both took 3 wickets.<br>
South Africa in reply started solidly reaching 178/2 from 55 overs at the close. Smith top-scored with 69.<br>
Johnson and Hilfenhaus took a wicket each.<br>
Day Five: South Africa progressed steadily to 206/2 when Amla was dismissed for 57. Wickets then fell steadily with the home team losing 8/85 to be all out for 291 just after tea. Johnson took 4/112, Siddle 3/46, Hilfenhaus 2/68 and McDonald 1/31.
2nd Test.
Selections: Australia and South Africa both went into the game with unchanged sides.
Day One: Australia's openers put on 184 for the first wicket as Phillip Hughes (115) became the fourth youngest Australian to score a Test century. South Africa's bowlers appeared lethargic before striking back later in the day, but not before Katich (108) had scored his 6th Test century. Australia finished the day at 303/4 with Hussey (37*) and North (17*) at the crease. Bad light stopped play an over short.<br>
Day Two: South Africa's bowlers started the second day in better style and, after a wicketless first hour, found form on a lively pitch to take Australia from 4/329 to be all out for 352. Australia lost 5-4 in 18 deliveries, after Hussey and Steyn has a verbal slanging match mid-pitch. Hussey (50) and North (38) were the only batsmen to score anything over 5 runs for the day. All the bowlers, bar Diminy, took a wicket with Steyn the best with 3/83 from 25.4 overs.<br>
Mitchell Johnson opened the bowling for the visitors and produced one of the best spells of fast, swing bowling seen in some time. He dismissed McKenzie (0) and Alma (0) in his first over, and then struck Graeme Smith on the hand in his second. Smith retired hurt with a broken finger and will take no further part in the match. Johnson later hit Kallis on the chin with a fast bouncer and the South African also retired hurt, though he was to return later in the innings. McDonald took three quick wickets after Tea and South Africa ended an eventful day at 138/7, with Duminy 73* and Steyn 8*.<br>
Day Three: Peter Siddle opened the bowling on day three and wrapped up the South African first innings in three deliveries. JP Duminy did not face a ball. South Africa were dismissed (with Smith not returning to the crease) for 138, giving Australia a first innings lead of 214. Ponting did not enforce the follow-on, and, in reply, Australia produced another 50-run opening stand before Katich (30) was dismissed with the score on 55. Hughes and Ponting (81) then put on a partnership of 164 before Hughes became the youngest player in history to score centuries in each innings of a Test match. Australia finished the day at 292/3.<br>
Day Four: Australia pushed for quick runs on the fourth morning and declared at 331/5 with a lead of 545. Hughes was the pick of the batsmen with 160. The South African bowlers spread the wickets around with none taking more than one.<br>
South Africa's second innings began well with Alma (43) opening with McKenzie (31) in the absence of Smith. Both were out by the time the score was 82, both dismissed by Siddle. After that, the experienced pair of Kallis (84*) and De Villiers (68*) appeared to be playing a different game as they took the score to 244/2 at the close: an unbroken partnership of 164.<br>
Going into the fifth day, Australia require 7 wickets for a 2-0 lead in the series, and South Africa 302 runs for a record-breaking win.<br>
Day Five: Kallis (93) and De Villiers (84) extended their partnership to 187 before Kallis fell to Johnson. Wickets then fell steadily throughout the day with South Africa losing 8/103 to be all out for 370 (Smith did not bat in the second innings). This gave Australia the win by 175 runs and a series-winning lead of 2–0.<br>
Katich and Siddle each took three wickets for the visitors.
3rd Test.
Selections: In the absence of the injured Smith Jacques Kallis was appointed captain for South Africa. Prince replaced Smith, and Khan replaced McKenzie who had been dropped. Bryce McGain made his Test debut in place of Marcus North who came down with illness.
Day One: After Ricky Ponting won his sixth toss in a row Australia's openers started slowly, but looked set before Hughes (33) and Ponting (0) were out just before lunch. Hussey (20) and Clarke (0) went soon after and Australia were 4/81. With Katich (55) maintaining one end Haddin (42) and Johnson (35) provided support. Australia were all out for 209.<br>
Of the South African bowlers Ntini was the best—and most unlucky—early before Harris and Steyn broke through. Ntini finished with two wickets, which could easily have been five if catches had been held and inside edges had hit the stumps.<br>
In reply South Africa seemed relatively untroubled with the new opening pair of Prince (37*) and Khan (15*) reaching 57/0 at the close.<br>
Day Two: South Africa lost Khan (20) early on day two but were hardly pressed after that. Prince (150) continued his good domestic form but Alma (46) fell again when seemingly set. Kallis scored his 31st Test century to be 102*, with de Villiers 39*, and South Africa 404/3 at stumps.<br>
The Australian bowlers looked tired and listless in the face of sustained batting with McGain taking a lot of punishment.<br>
Day Three: Kallis went for his overnight score, and Duminy and Boucher also went cheaply and South Africa were 467/6. De Villers and Morkel (58) added 124 for the 7th wicket, before South Africa were all out for 651, a lead of 442 on the first innings. De Villiers scored freely throughout the day to reach 163 before being caught on the fence. He was particularly harsh on McGain and McDonald taking 25 from one over from the second of these.<br>
Johnson finished with 4/138 and Katich 2/9 from 3 overs.<br>
Batting a second time Australia ended the day at 102/2, with a very hard fight ahead of them to save the match.<br>
Day Four: Wickets fell steady during the day until Australia reached 6/218. Johnson (123*) and McDonald (68) then put on 163 for the 7th wicket to get Australia to within sight of making South Africa bat again. Paul Harris cleaned up the tail and Australia had lost by an innings for only the second time against South Africa, and for the first time in any Test match in over a decade. Harris finished with 6/127, and with his 3/34 in the first innings, was named Man of the Match. Johnson scored his maiden Test century off only 86 deliveries.

</doc>
<doc id="20220425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220425" title="Rise (sculpture)">
Rise (sculpture)

RISE (also unofficially called the Balls on the Falls, Belfast Ball, The Westicle and Broadway Junction Art Piece), is a concept £400,000 public art spherical metal sculpture by Wolfgang Buttress 37.5 metres (123 ft) high and 30 metres (98.4 ft) wide constructed in early 2011 in the centre of the Broadway roundabout, at the junction of the Westlink and M1 motorway, a main gateway to the city where 500000 cars a week will flow past it. 
RISE is visible for miles around the city. The area is part of a multi-million pound road improvement programme. It is the biggest public art sculpture in Belfast. Work on Rise was due to begin in August 2009 and end in October 2009, however due to delays the completion date was changed to March 2011. It was finally completed in September 2011, nearly two years behind the original schedule. When completed it became Belfast's largest public artwork.
Construction.
The globe-shaped, white and silver steel sculpture is a representation of a new sun rising to celebrate a new chapter in the history of Belfast. 
The sculptor has had encouraged input from local people living near the landmark sculpture. He held creative workshops with groups from the Donegall Road and St James' areas of Belfast.
Belfast City Council lead on the plans for the new sculpture with strong support and funding from the Department for Social Development (Regeneration Directorate) and the National Lottery, through the Big Lottery Fund, through the Arts Council of Northern Ireland as well as advice and assistance from Department for Regional Development Roads Service.
Construction of the piece presented a challenge. It was made by local steel company M Hasson and Sons Ltd in Rasharkin. www.hassons.com
Structure.
The artwork is made of two geodesic spheres supported on slender stanchions. The engineers – Price & Myers – extensively used the work done by Buckminster Fuller in the 1950s. The outer sphere has a geodesic frequency of 8. It required 1920 tubes to be bolted together. Tensigrity – another concept developed by Buckminster Fuller – is used to hold the inner sphere in position.
Competition.
Buttress was selected after intense competition from more than 40 artists from the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland and internationally. 
There was a previous competition and previous winner; however plans for the Trillian by Ed Carpenter were scrapped amid escalating steel costs, which threatened to raise the price of the sculpture, originally agreed at £400,000, to £600,000.
Funding.
The sculpture was funded by Belfast City Council, the Department for Social Development and the National Lottery through the Arts Council of Northern Ireland.
Workshop.
In October 2009 school children and senior citizens from across Belfast worked with New Belfast Community Arts Initiative, local writers and artist, Wolfgang Buttress, to look at plans for Rise, and to learn more about creative expression through workshops. The workshops were designed to give people an insight into the process involved in creating the sculpture, to give an opportunity to reflect on what it symbolises for Belfast, and to offer their own creative insights in response.

</doc>
<doc id="20220430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220430" title="Sayre Fire">
Sayre Fire

The Sayre Fire, also known as the Sylmar Fire, is a November 2008 wildfire that resulted in the loss of 489 residences in Los Angeles, California, United States, the "worst loss of homes due to fire" in the city's history. The fire was first reported at 10:29 p.m. PDT on November 14, 2008, in the Sylmar section of Los Angeles. On November 20, 2008, the fire was 100% contained and had burned and destroyed more than 600 structures: 480 mobile homes, nine single-family homes, 104 outbuildings and 10 commercial buildings. The number of homes lost in the Sayre fire exceeded the prior record set in 1961 by the 1961 Bel Air fire which claimed 484 homes. There were no fatalities, just minor injuries to five firefighters and one civilian. 
Origins and cause.
One day after the wind-swept "Tea Fire" destroyed more than 200 homes in Montecito and Santa Barbara, the Sayre Fire was reported in the 13000 block of Sayre Street in Sylmar, just north of the Foothill Freeway (Route 210) near Veterans Memorial County Park. It spread rapidly, fanned by strong Santa Ana winds with near hurricane-force gusts estimated at between and . California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger called the causative factors a "perfect storm" -- strong winds, low humidity, high temperatures, and dry brush.
Response.
In the pre-dawn hours on November 15, 2008, over 600 firefighters battled the Sayre Fire, the number on site increasing to 1,100 by midday. Fire officials said winds of “near hurricane force” grounded some of their water-dropping aircraft. The fire moved west from Sylmar and threatened the luxury planned community of Knollwood in Granada Hills. On November 15, 2008, at 8:00 a.m. PDT, Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa declared a state of emergency in the city, and Governor Schwarzenegger issued a state of emergency declaration later in the morning. On November 18, 2008, President George W. Bush declared the area struck by November 2008 California wildfires a federal disaster area, freeing up federal aid for reconstruction efforts.
Impact of the fire.
Worst loss of homes due to fire in City of Los Angeles history.
County fire officials reported on November 19, 2008 that the Sayre Fire had destroyed more than 600 structures, including 480 mobile homes, nine single-family homes, 104 outbuildings and 10 commercial buildings. The "Los Angeles Times" called it "the worst loss of homes due to fire in the city of Los Angeles" and reported that it "appeared to be the largest number of housing units lost to fire in the city of Los Angeles, surpassing the 484 residences destroyed in the 1961 Bel Air fire." Los Angeles County Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky, a lifelong city resident, noted: "This is as bad a fire as I can remember since the Bel-Air Fire. The human devastation that's involved, whether you live in a mobile home or an estate, it's devastating. We can't even begin to weigh their loss."
Devastation at Oakridge Mobile Home Park.
In the pre-dawn hours on November 15, 2008, the fire devastated the Oakridge Mobile Home Park, destroying 480 of the park's 600 mobile homes. Los Angeles Fire Department Captain Steve Ruda described the scene as "an absolute firestorm" with high flames and added, "Hoses were melting into the cement and concrete. That's how hot the fire was." Firefighters rescued several individuals from their mobile homes, and four civilians rescued a 300-pound disabled woman, who was trapped in her mobile home, as fire was breaking the glass. Though Los Angeles Police Chief William Bratton initially expressed concern that some elderly residents might have perished at the mobile home park, cadaver-sniffing dogs searched the ruins and found no evidence of any fatalities.
The San Fernando Valley based "Daily News" described the Oakridge park, parts of which were also burned after the 1994 Northridge earthquake, as follows:"With 600 households, well-manicured lawns and luxury amenities, Oakridge Mobile Home Park was no trailer park. The gated community, most of which was reduced to ash by a roaring wildfire that swept through the Sylmar hills late Friday and early Saturday, featured a putting green, an Olympic-size swimming pool and tennis courts. 'It wasn't just a mobile home (park),' said Linda Pogacnik, 63, whose home was destroyed. 'It was the Beverly Hills of mobile homes.'
After the effort in Oakridge, a firefighter produced a burned U.S. flag on a broken stick taken from a home that was destroyed in Oakridge. The firefighter offered it as a sign of hope and bravery for firefighters. It was later framed and hung in the main lobby of the Sylmar Branch, Los Angeles Public Library, where it can still be seen today. 
In a press briefing on November 16, 2008, Governor Schwarzenegger noted that the homes in the Oakridge community had ignited "like matches," and called for a review of fire retardancy standards applicable to mobile homes and mobile home parks.
Flames surrounded Olive View Medical Center.
Shortly after 1:00 a.m. PDT on November 15, 2008, flames from the Sayre Fire threatened Olive View-UCLA Medical Center in Sylmar. The "Los Angeles Times" reported that, around midnight, "tall walls of flames quickly surrounded Olive View Medical Center," as "embers blew down streets, catching trees and shrubs on fire around the hospital," and "before long, the hospital was surrounded on all sides by fire." Some 200 patients were sheltered in place as firefighters fought the flames outside the hospital. The hospital lost power, generators failed to work, and the smell of smoke filled darkened hallways, as staff tended to patients with flashlights, and critical patients were kept alive with hand-powered ventilators. A number of infants and critical patients were evacuated in ambulances. In the end, more than 40 buildings on the Olive View campus were damaged in the fire, and the child care center was totally destroyed.
Death of mosquito-killing fish.
Ash from the Sayre Fire also resulted in the death of Los Angeles County's mosquito-killing fish, which were bred in ponds located in Sylmar. The fish, Gambusia affinis, eat mosquito larvae and are distributed throughout the county from the Sylmar ponds as part of an effort to battle the spread of the West Nile virus. The Sylmar ponds where the mosquito fish are bred were inundated with ash, resulting in the kill off.
Glendale fireworks display proceeds amid fire.
On November 15, 2008, despite the fire raging several miles to the north, a San Fernando Valley shopping center, Americana at Brand, decided to move ahead with an evening fireworks display as part of its Christmas tree lighting ceremony. The "Los Angeles Times" reported that the fireworks sent area residents "running outside in alarm." One resident was quoted in the "Times" as saying that, with the local hotels filled with evacuees, "It was a really an inappropriate display. This was not the time to shoot off fireworks." A mall spokesperson said the fireworks could not be rescheduled and added, "We weren't trying to be insensitive."
Looting.
On November 15, 2008, the Los Angeles Police Department arrested five individuals for looting in areas evacuated due to the fire, and imposed a curfew for young people. A homeowner in Porter Ranch found two women taking property from his home, "stacking his property outside the house and carrying them to a green four-door Infinity." The two women, one from North Hollywood and the other from Sherman Oaks, were arrested, and police believe the women may have burglarized other homes in the area.
Damage to park lands.
While the immediate concern following the fire was with loss of homes, the Sayre fire also caused extensive damage to nine parks, including Stetson Ranch, El Cariso and Wilson Canyon Park in Sylmar, Placerita Canyon Nature Center, Whitney Canyon Park and Elsmere Canyon in Newhall, and O'Melveny Park in Granada Hills. Veterans Memorial Park in Sylmar suffered severe fire damage, including destruction of a administration building and a cactus garden.
Cancellation of Pasadena Marathon.
On November 15, 2008, the organizers of the first Pasadena marathon were forced to cancel the event due to the heavy smoke in the air.
Impact on gay marriage rally.
A rally protesting the passage of a ballot initiative banning gay marriage had been expected to draw 40,000 protesters to Downtown Los Angeles on November 15, 2008, but drew only 8,000, which some attributed to the evacuations, freeway closures, and traffic jams resulting from the Sayre Fire. Mayor Villaraigosa attended the rally between news conferences at the Sayre Fire site.
Power outages.
The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power ("DWP") has a major converter station in Sylmar and was forced to impose rolling blackouts, temporarily cutting off electricity to residents in Sherman Oaks, Mid City, Crenshaw, and other areas for about 25 minutes.
Evacuation and shelters.
In the early morning hours of November 15, 2008, officials ordered the mandatory evacuation of residents north of the 210 Freeway in the Sylmar area. The evacuation area was expanded to cover more than 10,000 people, living in the far north end of the San Fernando Valley from Sylmar in the east to Granada Hills in the west. Evacuation centers and shelters were established at Sylmar High School, San Fernando High School, Chatsworth High School and Kennedy High School. By the afternoon of November 16, 2008, all of the evacuation centers except for Sylmar High School had been closed. Large animal evacuation centers were established at Pierce College and at the Hansen Dam Equestrian Center.
Freeway closures.
The fire resulted in temporary closures of several of the San Fernando Valley's major freeways, including the Golden State Freeway (Interstate 5) at the Newhall Pass, the Foothill Freeway (Interstate 210) from I-5 through Sylmar, the Simi Valley-San Fernando Valley Freeway (California State Route 118), the San Diego Freeway (Interstate 405) at Route 118 and the Antelope Valley Freeway (California State Route 14) from south Santa Clarita to the Newhall Pass. By the late afternoon on November 15, 2008, the California Highway Patrol announced the re-opening of the freeways closed due to the Sayre fire.

</doc>
<doc id="20220437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220437" title="William John Cullen">
William John Cullen

William John Cullen (1894–1960) was an Irish rugby international. He won one cap against England in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="20220439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220439" title="Grateful When You're Dead">
Grateful When You're Dead

"Grateful When You're Dead" is a song by English rock band Kula Shaker, taken from their first album "K".
The song's title is a reference to the American rock band Grateful Dead. The song consists of two parts: the GWYD part, which is a standard rock song, and the JWT part, which is a more drifting part with dark and ethnic sounds.
The single was released in April 22 1996. It was released both as a 7" and a CD, and reached number 35 on the UK singles chart.
Track Listing in both formats.
Catalogue number CD: KulaCD2Catalogue number 7": Kula 72

</doc>
<doc id="20220453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220453" title="Survivor (Eric Burdon album)">
Survivor (Eric Burdon album)

Survivor is a solo album by Eric Burdon released in 1977.
It was recorded at the Advision Studios in London, England. Burdon reunited with Zoot Money to write songs for this album. Also his old friend Alexis Korner helped recording.
Track list.
All songs written and composed by Burdon-Money, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20220461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220461" title="Mid-Canterbury">
Mid-Canterbury

Mid-Canterbury is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate in rural Canterbury. It existed from 1928 to 1946 and was represented by six Members of Parliament, including Mary Grigg, the first woman National Party MP.
Population centres.
In the 1927 electoral redistribution, the North Island gained a further electorate from the South Island due to faster population growth. Five electorates were abolished, two former electorates were re-established, and three electorates, including Mid-Canterbury, were created for the first time. These changes came into effect with the .
The electorate was rural.
History.
The electorate existed from 1928 to 1946. David Jones was the first representative, winning the by a wafer-thin majority of 55 votes (0.59%) against Jeremiah Connolly; he had previously held and . Jones was defeated by Connolly in the . Connolly died on 2 October 1935 and as this was only weeks prior to the , the seat remained vacant and no by-election was called.
Horace Herring of the Labour Party won the 1935 election. At the next election in , Herring was narrowly beaten by Arthur Grigg of the National Party. Grigg enlisted in the NZEF as a Major in World War II, and was killed in action in Libya on 29 November 1941. He was succeeded by his widow Mary Grigg at a 1942 by-election; she became the first woman National MP. But in June 1943 she remarried, to another National MP, William Polson, and resigned.
Mary Grigg was succeeded by Richard Gerard at the 1943 general election. He served until the end of the term in when the electorate was abolished, and successfully stood in the electorate instead.
Members of Parliament.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="20220476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220476" title="North Staffordshire Field Club">
North Staffordshire Field Club

The North Staffordshire Field Club was an organisation founded in 1865 to study the natural history, geology, industrial history, folklore and local history of North Staffordshire, England.
Its president from 1865-70 was industrialist and banker James Bateman FRS.
Other notable members included:
Publications.
The organisation produced its first printed volume, "Annual addresses, papers, etc. Author, North Staffordshire Field Club", in 1875, and then published an annual volume from 1887 to at least 1903. A history of the early years was published by R. Simms in 1886 as "Coming of age of the North Staffordshire Naturalist's Field Club and Archaeological Society, 1865-1885: chronological history and bibliography of the Society". The Club is known to have had a Meteorological Section which issued the publication "Report of the Meteorological Section", circa 1910. There was also a "North Staffordshire Clarion Field Club Notes" around this time. The annual transactions then revived as "North Staffordshire Field Club, Transactions and Annual Report" (1917 to 1960); then became the "North Staffordshire Journal of Field Studies" (1961 to 1985) when it ceased. 
The Club also produced books by members, such as "A Book of the Fields and Woods : being the first book of the North Staffordshire Clarion Field Club" (1899), and "Prehistoric Time Measurement in Britain : an astronomical study of some ancient monuments" (1912). A detailed scientific survey of "The Birds of Staffordshire" was issued as appendices 1-9 to the "Transactions and Annual report of the North Staffordshire Field Club" (Vol. 64 in 1930, to Vol. 72 in 1938) and is now held in the library of Cambridge University.
The records and publications of the Club are held at the Staffordshire Record Office and other libraries. An index to the 1961 to 1985 run of the "Journal of Field Studies" was published in the first issue of "Staffordshire Studies" journal.
The Club's "Journal" was extant until at least 2000. 
The Club is still constituted, and anyone wishing to revive or reprint the publications can contact the North Staffordshire Field Club Hon. Secretary, c/o School of Sciences, University of Staffordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20220510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220510" title="Dudhara">
Dudhara

Dudhara (pronounced as du-dh-aa-ra) Thana, is one of the oldest villages of district Basti (currently falling under Sant Kabir Nagar) in Uttar Pradesh in North India. It is located at 26°54'0N 82°57'0E with an altitude of 75 metres (249 feet).
It is known as Dudhara derived from word Dudhwa (Madhya Pradesh). Further 'Thana' was added to the name as East India Company established the Police Station in the Pre-Independence era. It is believed that the great King of Dudhwa sent his son, the Prince of Dudhwa to this place for expansion and growth of his empire in 16th century. When the Prince arrived, he had envisioned to develop an ideal and versatile secular State. So he brought along with him people of diverse cultures and professions. Even in the current times, this vision of the Prince seems not to have faded. The place is an example of great unity.
Over a period of time, as Mughal influence expanded in India, Dudhara also grew rich in Islamic culture. Dudhara is famous also due to its historical connection with the great saint, Sant Kabir Das. Sant Kabir spent a significant part of his life in Maghar, Khalilabad, 15 km away from Dudhara. Sant Kabir, as per popular lore, was buried as well as cremated near this place. His Samadhi is present as a proof of this historical connection.
Dudhara, today, is one of the most prominent villages of Sant Kabir Nagar. The local language spoken here is a mixture of Awadhi and Bhojpuri. The nearest river flowing is Ghaghara. Dudhara is a very fertile land and is a rich producer of sugarcane, wheat, rice and gram. Despite being a village Dudhara is well equipped with modern urban facilities like educational centers, hospitals, post office, police station etc. Some of the famous educational institutes are:1. Abdul Hakeem Inter College - developed under the aid of Dudhwa ancestors.2. Madarsa Arabia Rehmia - a center of Islamic Studies and Excellence.
References.
http://wikimapia.org/#lat=26.8625149&lon=82.8619337&z=15&l=0&m=b&v=8&search=dudharathana
BHARWALIYA BUDHAN is a village in Dudhara thana, Uttar Pradesh, India References : Uttar Pradesh. Category: Villages in SANT KBIRNAGAR district BHARWALIYA BUDHAN also grew rich in Islamic culture. Sant Kabir spent a significant part of his life in Maghar, Khalilabad, 15 km away from BHARWALIYA BUDHAN. Sant Kabir, as per popular lore, was buried as well as cremated near this place. His Samadhi is present as a proof of this historical connection.
BHARWALIYA BUDHAN, today, is one of the most prominent villages of Sant Kabir Nagar. The local language spoken here is a mixture of Awadhi andBhojpuri. The nearest river flowing is Ghaghara. BHARWALIYA BUDHAN is a very fertile land and is a rich producer of sugarcane, wheat, rice and gram.

</doc>
<doc id="20220514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220514" title="1909 Wabash River earthquake">
1909 Wabash River earthquake

The 1909 Wabash River earthquake occurred on September 27, 1909, in the Wabash River Valley. Measuring 5.1 on the Richter scale, it is currently the strongest earthquake recorded in the U.S. state of Indiana.
Geography.
The earthquake occurred somewhere along a fault within the Wabash Valley Seismic Zone.
Damage.
The earthquake was felt over an area of 30,000 square miles. In Terre Haute, the earthquake toppled two chimneys, cracked plaster, and knocked pictures from walls. Nearby Covington, north of Terre Haute in Fountain County, experienced several fallen chimneys and some broken windows. Chimneys were "jarred loose" in Princeton, Indiana, and one chimney was even "shaken to pieces" at Olivette, Missouri (a suburb of St. Louis). A brick wall was also "shook" down within St. Louis, Missouri. Reports came from various states, including Arkansas, Illinois, Iowa, Kentucky, Ohio, and Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="20220522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220522" title="Arthur Forbes-Sempill">
Arthur Forbes-Sempill

Rear-Admiral Arthur Lionel Ochoncar Forbes-Sempill (1877–1962) was an officer of the Royal Navy active in the First World War.
History.
He was the fourth (and youngest) son of William Forbes-Sempill, 17th Lord Sempill; his three elder brothers, John, Douglas and Robert, all served in the Army.
In January 1898, he was assigned to HMS "Centurion" as a sub-lieutenant, promoted to Lieutenant on 30 June of the following year, and then assigned to HMS "Victorious". In 1900 he was assigned to HMS "Vernon" for torpedo training, in July 1902 posted to HMS "Empress of India"., in December 1903 to HMS "Euryalus", in May 1906 to HMS "Edgar", in September 1908 to HMS "Bacchante", and in May 1910 to HMS "King Alfred". He was then promoted Commander, and assigned to HMS "Albemarle" in 1911.
First World War.
In July 1914 he was assigned to HMS "Dominion", in which he served during the early part of the First World War. He was later posted as executive officer of the battleship , where he saw service at the Battle of Jutland, and was recommended for promotion to Captain as a result. He later commanded the cruisers HMS "Blonde" and HMS "Cordelia", and was present in the latter at the surrender of the German navy in 1918. By 1919, he was in command of HMS "Colossus".
He married in 1903, and was divorced in July 1914, on the grounds of adultery; the case was not defended. He remarried in 1919, to Helen Allen; she died shortly thereafter, in 1921. He remarried for a third time in 1926, to Mary Holland, an American. He had one daughter from his second marriage, Janet, and one son by his third marriage, John, who would later inherit the baronetcy held by Arthur's father, after it had passed through his elder brother William and his nephew Ewan.

</doc>
<doc id="20220523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220523" title="Egor Mekhontsev">
Egor Mekhontsev

Egor Leonidovich Mekhontsev (Егор Леонидович Мехонцев, transliteration "Egor Leonidovich Mechoncev"; born on 14 November 1984 in Asbest, Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russian SFSR, USSR) is a Russian amateur boxer who among other achievements won gold at 2012 London Olympics at light heavyweight division.
Career.
Light-Heavyweight.
Southpaw Mekhontsev won a silver medal in the 2004 Light-heavyweight Russian senior national championships losing to Mikhail Gala in the final and won another silver in 2005 again losing to Gala in the semi-final by 39:24. 
The following year in 2006 he won bronze losing to Artur Beterbiyev 41:29 in the semi-final and in 2007 another bronze losing to Evgeni Makarenko.
Change to Heavyweight.
Mekhontsev then moved up to the heavyweight 201 lbs limit division and won the national title beating Evgeniy Romanov in the final by 19-5. 
At the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Liverpool he defeated Nasi Hani (Macedonia) INJ RND 4, Stephen Simmons (boxer) (Scotland) 14-1, Petrisor Gananau (Romania) 5-2 and won Gold after defeating Armenia's Tsolak Ananikyan 9-2 in the final.
At the 2009 World Amateur Boxing Championships – Heavyweight he upset Clemente Russo and beat fellow southpaws Oleksandr Usyk in the semifinal and Osmay Acosta in the final.
Mekhontsev successfully defended his title at the 2010 European Amateur Boxing Championships against Denis Poyatsika and Tervel Pulev.
Change to Light-Heavyweight.
For the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships he traded weightclasses with Beterbiyev and dropped to light heavy. He beat Marcus Browne and Oleksandr Hvozdyk but was upset by young Cuban Julio César la Cruz and won Bronze.
At the 2012 Olympics he beat Damien Hooper, Elshod Rasulov, Yamaguchi Falcao in the semifinals and won Gold by defeating Adilbek Niyazymbetov.
Turning Professional.
Mekhontsev turned professional in October 2013, signing with boxing promotion company Top Rank, which has also signed up a number of other 2012 olympic medallists. 
Mekhontsev made his professional debut on December 7, 2013, dominating and knocking down opponent PJ Cajagas three times before the referee stopped the contest in the third round.

</doc>
<doc id="20220524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220524" title="Toriten">
Toriten

Toriten is a Japanese Tempura style fried chicken. It is an original food in Ōita Prefecture, and very popular there.
Any part of the chicken can be used. Younger people like dark meat, while older people prefer white.
The meat is cut into nuggets, dipped in soy sauce, sake and garlic powder, rolled in tempura powder and deep fried. Toriten is commonly served with fresh greens, and eaten hot immediately after frying. The most common sauce is Ponzu sauce (made with Soy sauce and vinegar) with mustard.

</doc>
<doc id="20220535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220535" title="Maxim Koptyakov">
Maxim Koptyakov

Maxim Valeryevich Koptyakov () is a Russian amateur boxer who won the silver medal at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in the middleweight division.
Russian national championships.
Koptyakov won the 2008 middleweight Russian senior national championships beating Dmitriy Chudinov in the final 12-8.
European Amateur Championships.
Koptyakov represented Russia at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Liverpool, England. He won a silver medal losing to the Ukraine's Ivan Senay 9-4 in the final.
European Championships results.
2008 (as a Middleweight)

</doc>
<doc id="20220537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220537" title="Shirlie Holliman">
Shirlie Holliman

Shirlie Holliman (born 18 April 1962), is an English former pop singer, who found fame in the 1980s with Wham! and as part of the duo Pepsi & Shirlie.
One of five children born and raised on a council estate in Bushey, near Watford, Hertfordshire, Holliman intended to train as a horse riding instructor. However, after she developed hay fever at aged 18 and with nothing else to do, her then boyfriend Andrew Ridgeley suggested she come and dance while he and his friend George Michael's band did a local gig.
Holliman was never a band member of what became Wham!, but, like her friend Dee C. Lee, was paid on a per performance basis as backing singers, and continued to live with her parents. After Lee left to marry Paul Weller, she was replaced by "Pepsi" Demacque, and this duo performed on all the Wham! songs and concerts. As George Michael desired to create music targeted to a more sophisticated audience than Wham!'s primarily teenage fan base, the announcement of Wham!'s break-up was made in the spring of 1986, with a grand finale concert at Wembley Stadium on 28 June 1986, called "The Final."
During their Wham! career, Holliman and Demacque decided to form their own act, named Pepsi & Shirlie. Created immediately after the Wembley concert as an upbeat and more pop genre sound, they had two UK Top Ten hits: "Heartache", which was produced by Phil Fearon and Tambi Fernando, reaching #2 in the UK Singles Chart behind the #1 hit of George Michael and Aretha Franklin's "I knew you were waiting," and "Goodbye Stranger", produced by Tambi Fernando and Pete Hammond, reached #9.
The hits dried up from 1988, and, as Holliman married Spandau Ballet bassist and singer Martin Kemp, the duo naturally came to an end after the birth of her daughter. Holliman had met Kemp through mutual friends in the theatre in 1980, and the pair married in St. Lucia in 1988. They have two children: daughter Harley Moon Kemp (born August 1989), and son Roman Kemp (born January 1993). Holliman and daughter Harley had brief roles together in the Spice Girls video "Mama".
After Holliman took time out to care for her husband through his illness with brain tumours, she was declared bankrupt in September 1996, and the family moved from Hampstead Heath to Muswell Hill to allow Kemp to recover. This enabled Pepsi & Shirlie to return briefly in 2000 to record their backing vocals on the UK number one Geri Halliwell hit "Bag It Up."
No longer active in pop music performance, Holliman now manages a business associated with music and entertainment production, Aegean.

</doc>
<doc id="20220546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220546" title="Spirit of Belfast">
Spirit of Belfast

The Spirit of Belfast is a public art sculpture by Dan George in Belfast, Northern Ireland. The sculpture was unveiled on 25 September 2009 after a series of delays and is located on Arthur Square, close to the main point of access to Victoria Square. The sculpture is constructed of steel and cost £200,000. As with other public works of art in Northern Ireland the sculpture has been given a nickname, the "Onion Rings".
Construction.
The coloured lighting is designed to reflect the texture and lightness of linen, while the metal reflects the strength and beauty of shipbuilding, two important aspects of Belfast's history.
"Spirit of Belfast" is part of a £16m Belfast: Streets Ahead streetscape improvement project which aims to improve the city centre. "Spirit of Belfast" completes the refurbishment of Arthur Square. The sculpture was scheduled to be in place by June 2008. However after several delays it was not put in place until September 2009.
Unveiling.
The sculpture was unveiled by the Department for Social Development Minister, Margaret Ritchie MLA and broadcast live on BBC Newsline on BBC One on 25 September 2009.
Selection.
The Department for Social Development commenced the procurement process to commission an artist for the Arthur Square artwork in June 2007. The method of selection was as follows:
The Selection Panel was made up from representatives from:
Arthur Square Artwork Competition.
The public were given the opportunity to view the designs that made the final shortlist and cast their vote through the Belfast: Streets Ahead website or by visiting the public exhibition at the Lagan Lookout. The vote was open from 22 October 2007 to 4 November 2007. The three short listed concepts were : "Dancing Tree", "Phoenix Rising" and "Spirit of Belfast". "Spirit of Belfast" was the winning art piece for Arthur Square following a public vote. 
The competition results were:
Funding.
The sculpture has been funded by Belfast City Council and the Department for Social Development.

</doc>
<doc id="20220547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220547" title="Begin Road">
Begin Road

Begin Road is a major thoroughfare in Tel Aviv, Israel. It begins at Allenby Street and runs to its northern end which is at HaRakevet Interchange on Ayalon Highway.
There are two interchanges along Begin Road: Ma'ariv Bridge and Kaplan Interchange.
At Ma'ariv Bridge, one lane in each direction of Begin Road passes over the intersection with Karlibach Street, Lincoln Street and Yitzhak Sadeh Road. At Kaplan Interchange, located near Azrieli Center and Tel Aviv HaShalom Railway Station, two lanes in each direction pass in a Tunnel under Kaplan Street.

</doc>
<doc id="20220550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220550" title="The Big Fish">
The Big Fish

The Big Fish also called the Bigfish is a printed ceramic mosaic sculpture by John Kindness 10 metres long constructed in 1999 in Donegall Quay in Belfast, near the Lagan Lookout and Custom House.
The Big Fish's image appears on Belfast and Northern Ireland related tourism material.
Construction.
The outer skin of the fish is a cladding of ceramic tiles decorated with texts and images relating to the history of Belfast. Material from Tudor times to present day newspaper headlines are included along with contributions from Belfast school children (including a soldier and an Ulster Fry). The Ulster Museum provided the primary source of historic images, while local schools/day centres located along the line of the River Farset were approached to provide drawings for the fish. Images were provided by Glenwood Primary School, St Comgalls and Everton Day Centres. 
The Big Fish also contains a time capsule storing information/images/poetry on the City.
Commission.
The work was commissioned to celebrate the regeneration of the River Lagan. The site is a significant landmark as it is the location of the confluence of the River Farset with the River Lagan (Belfast is named after the River Farset). 
Funding.
The Big Fish was funded by the Laganside Corporation and the National Lottery, through the Big Lottery Fund, through the Arts Council of Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20220554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220554" title="Leonid Kostylev">
Leonid Kostylev

Leonid Kostylev is a Russian amateur boxer who won the gold medal at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in the lightweight division.
Russian national championships.
Kostylev won a gold medal in the 2008 Lightweight Russian senior national championships beating Eduard Khusainov in the final by 14:3.
European Amateur Championships.
Following his victory in the national championships Kostylev then represented Russia at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Liverpool, England. He won a gold medal after defeating Belarus' Vazgen Safaryants 7:3 in the final.
European Championships results.
2008 (as a Featherweight)

</doc>
<doc id="20220563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220563" title="Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Technological University">
Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Technological University

Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Technological University (BATU) is a unitary, state university located at Lonere in Raigad district, Maharashtra, India. Established by Government of Maharashtra in 1989 under the "Government of Maharashtra Act 1983". 
Campus.
The campus covers an area of , and is located at the college town of Lonere, off the NH-17 (Mumbai-Goa National Highway). It is approximately 25 km north of Mahad city and 10 km south of Mangaon tehsil, and about 22 ms away from the renowned Raigad fort of the Maratha king Shivaji. The campus is in the vicinity of the industrial belt comprising Thane, Belapur, Nagothane, Patalganga, Roha, Mahad, etc.
Departments.
The university has the following 8 academic departments:
Programs.
DBATU is unitary in character, and features undergraduate and postgraduate programs in core engineering disciplines. It offers four-year undergraduate programs that lead to the awarding of Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech.) degree in each of the departments' disciplines. It also offers two-year postgraduate programs that lead to the awarding of Master of Technology (M. Tech.) degree in the disciplines of chemical, computer, electronics and telecommunication, environmental, manufacturing and in thermal and fluids engineering. 
Activities.
The students organize following major events/activities regularly : 
ISTE Student Chapter Activities; 

</doc>
<doc id="20220571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220571" title="Araik Ambartsumov">
Araik Ambartsumov

Araik Ambartsumov is a Russian amateur boxer of Armenian descent who won the silver medal at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in the featherweight division.
Russian national championships.
Ambartsumov won a gold medal in the 2008 featherweight Russian senior national championships beating Ruslan Kamilov in the final by 6:4.
European Amateur Championships.
Following his victory in the national championships Ambartsumov then represented Russia at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Liverpool, England. He won a silver medal after losing to the Ukraine's Vasyl Lomachenko 7:1 in the final.
European Championships results.
2008 (as a Featherweight)

</doc>
<doc id="20220574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220574" title="Ilseng Prison">
Ilseng Prison

Ilseng Prison () is a prison in Ilseng, Hedmark, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="20220596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220596" title="Force field implementation">
Force field implementation

This is a table of computer programs implementing molecular mechanics force fields.

</doc>
<doc id="20220600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220600" title="Ivan Senay">
Ivan Senay

Ivan Senay is a Ukrainian amateur boxer who won the gold medal at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in the middleweight division.
European Amateur Championships.
Senay represented the Ukraine at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Liverpool, England. He won a gold medal after beating Russia's Maxim Koptyakov 9:4 in the final.
European Championships results.
2008 (as a Middleweight)

</doc>
<doc id="20220614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220614" title="Hanson Taylor Dowell">
Hanson Taylor Dowell

Hanson Taylor Dowell, QC (September 14, 1906 – September 23, 2000) was a Canadian educator, lawyer, judge and politician. He was closely associated with minor hockey throughout most of his life, and spent one term as president of the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association. 
Born in Stewiacke, Nova Scotia, the son of the late George Harris Dowell and Elizabeth Gertrude (Donaldson) Dowell, he received his early education at Elmsdale Public School and completed his high school education at the Halifax Academy. He received a teaching diploma from the Normal College in Truro in 1924 and taught school for several years. After spending a summer as a lay preacher in Alberta, he returned to school and received his law degree from Dalhousie University in 1930. He was admitted to the Bar on June 13, 1930. He moved to Middleton and set up a law practice in 1931 which he ran for 29 years. During that period he held several offices: Stipendiary Magistrate for the Town of Middleton, Stipendiary Magistrate for Annapolis County and Registrar of Probate for Annapolis County. 
A member of the Progressive Conservative party, on June 7, 1960 he was elected as a Member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly for the District of Annapolis East. He was appointed Judge of the County Court of District Number Three in the Province of Nova Scotia in 1963, Judge of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes of the Province of Nova Scotia in 1966, Local Judge of the Trial Division of the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia in 1968 and served in those capacities until his retirement in 1981. He was also one of the founding members of the Western Counties Bar Association. He was involved in hockey for over 50 years at various levels - "Hanson Dowell made a major contribution to the development of hockey in Nova Scotia and throughout Canada. In 1935 he was an administrator with the Central Valley Hockey League and from there he moved up the executive ladder. He served four years as president of the Maritime Amateur Hockey Association and as vice-president of the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association for five years, becoming president from 1945 to 1947. For 12 years (1956-68) he was secretary-treasurer of the MAHA and served as treasurer from 1968-74. Dowell was the first person from Atlantic Canada to be elected president of the CAHA. Hanson Dowell was inducted into the Nova Scotia Sport Hall of Fame in 1980." 
His son, C. Hanson Dowell, a Nova Scotia lawyer, briefly made headlines in 2004 when he was nominated as interim leader of the "Progressive Conservative Party of Canada" following the creation of the Conservative Party of Canada in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20220615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220615" title="Patrick Guinness">
Patrick Guinness

Patrick Desmond Carl Alexander Guinness, KLJ (born 1 August 1956 in Dublin) is an Irish historian and author, one of heirs of the Guinness business dynasty, and additionally the rightful heir of several medieval-originated honours and titles which he sems not to claim at least openly. Son of Desmond Guinness and Marie-Gabrielle von Urach, he was educated at Winchester College and Trinity College Dublin. He continues his father's business in real estate development and is a financial analyst. He formerly represented Sothebys in Ireland. 
His main residence is the Leixlip castle, Ireland.
Historian.
A historian, Patrick Guinness has authored a biography of Arthur Guinness, the founder of the Guinness brewery dynasty. He has lectured on genetic genealogy relating to the early Irish dynasties and Viking Ireland, and has sponsored academic research on Irish genetics. He is a council member of the County Kildare Archaeological Society and of the Order of Clans of Ireland. He is a trustee of the Iveagh Trust and President of the Irish Georgian Society.
Family.
His daughter by his first marriage is the celebrity model Jasmine Guinness. He remarried in 1990 to Louise Arundel and they have 4 children. Through his mother's grandfather William, second Duke of Urach, he is a potential claimant to the medieval Kingdom of Jerusalem, Kingdom of Lithuania and to the Principality of Monaco (see Monaco Succession Crisis of 1918). He is also 2259th in line of succession to the British throne.
Patrick Guinness, eldest son of his late mother, is one of those persons living today who is genealogically legitimate heir general of several noble families at least as far as from the 1400s. These heirships include that of marquess Rodolphe de Bade, count of Neuchatel (1427-1487) and that of Adrienne d'Estouteville (1512-1560), in her own right heiress of Estouteville in Normandy, who was created 1st Duchess of Estouteville in peerage of France.
Honours.
In September 2010, he became a Knight of Justice of the Military and Hospitaller Order of St. Lazarus of Jerusalem (KLJ) at a ceremony in St. Patrick's Cathedral in Dublin and in 2013 he was made a Knight Commander of the Order of the Eagle of Georgia by Prince David Bagrationi of Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="20220651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220651" title="Collateral fact doctrine">
Collateral fact doctrine

The collateral fact doctrine is a doctrine in English law asserted by LJ Diplock in Anisminic v Foreign Compensation Commission. It asserts that in judicial review cases a distinction can be made between misconstruction of an enabling statute for the "kind" of case meant to be dealt which is a jurisdictional error and a misconstruction of the statutory description of the "situation" which would be an error "within jurisdiction". Craig has argued that this distinction is impossible to draw. 

</doc>
<doc id="20220666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220666" title="Lubusz Regional Assembly">
Lubusz Regional Assembly

The Lubusz Regional Assembly () is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Lubusz, Poland. It is a unicameral body consists of thirty councillors elected in free elections for a four-year term. The current chairperson of the assembly is Krzysztof Seweryn Szymański. 
The Regional Assembly meets in the Marshal's Office in Zielona Góra.
Districts.
Members of the Assembly are elected from five districts, serve four-year terms. Districts does not have the constituencies formal names. Instead, each constituency has a number and territorial description.

</doc>
<doc id="20220681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220681" title="Typhoon Kent">
Typhoon Kent

The name Kent has been used for two tropical cyclones in the northwest Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="20220692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220692" title="SPPF">
SPPF

SPPF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20220702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220702" title="Swing High, Swing Low (film)">
Swing High, Swing Low (film)

Swing High, Swing Low is a 1937 American romantic drama starring Carole Lombard and Fred MacMurray. 
This is the second film adaptation, after "The Dance of Life" (1929) and before "When My Baby Smiles at Me" (1948), of the popular Broadway play "Burlesque", by George Manker Watters and Arthur Hopkins.
Releases.
In 1965, the film entered the public domain (in the USA) due to the claimants failure to renew its copyright registration in the 28th year after publication.

</doc>
<doc id="20220708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220708" title="International Fair">
International Fair

International Fair might refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20220712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220712" title="1783 New Jersey earthquake">
1783 New Jersey earthquake

The 1783 New Jersey earthquake occurred on November 29, 1783 in the U.S. state of New Jersey. Measuring 5.3 on the Richter scale, it stands as the most powerful earthquake to occur in the state.
Damage.
Shaking was felt from New Hampshire to Pennsylvania. A brief foreshock occurred at 9:00 PM on November 29 (02:00 UTC on November 30) and an aftershock five hours later were reported only in New York and in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The earthquake caused intensity VII damage on the Mercalli scale. George Washington was sleeping at Fraunces Tavern when the earthquake struck, he was not woken by the tremors.

</doc>
<doc id="20220727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220727" title="SV Alsenborn">
SV Alsenborn

The SV Alsenborn is a German football club from the municipality of Enkenbach-Alsenborn, Rheinland-Palatinate.
The club became famous in Germany in the 1970s as a village club attempting to win promotion to the "Fußball-Bundesliga". For a time, it was coached by German football legend Fritz Walter, who wrote a book about the club, titled "Aufstieg einer Dorfmanschaft" (English: "Rise of a village team").
The club was often seen as a football "miracle", considering how highly it achieved with a mostly amateur team from a small village.
History.
From 1919 to the 1960s.
The club was formed on 15 September 1919, by 19 foundation members, under the name of FV Alsenborn.
In 1933, with the rise of the Nazis to power, the club conformed to the new powers; while another football club in town was formed whose membership exclusively consisted of social democrats.
The club, for most of its history, played in the lower amateur leagues of the "Südwest" (English: "Southwest") region. In 1945, it renamed itself to SV Alsenborn but continued its existence as a village sport club.
Rise.
While watching the 1962 European Cup Final in Amsterdam, Walter and Hannes Ruth, another former 1. FC Kaiserslautern player, vowed to build up the little club and take it to the top level of German football.
With a number of former Kaiserslautern players in its squad, "SVA" started to win promotions straight away, winning the "A-Klasse" in 1963, the "Bezirksliga" in 1964 and then, on first attempt, winning the "Amateurliga Südwest" (III) in the 1964–65 season.
With this title, the club earned promotion to the "Regionalliga Südwest", then the second tier of German league football.
Regionalliga Südwest years.
The club spent the first two seasons in the new league settling in, earning mid-table finishes.
In 1967–68, it won its first league championship, nine points clear of TuS Neuendorf. This qualified both clubs to take part in the promotion round to the Fußball-Bundesliga. In this, out of five teams in its group, "SVA" finished third on level points, when only the first place entitled to promotion.
The next season saw a repeat of the league championship, sitting on equal points with Neuendorf but having scored considerably more goals. Again, the club went to the promotion round and despite its failure to gain a point from its two games against Rot-Weiß Oberhausen, the club stayed in contention for promotion to the very end by winning every other of its games. In the last round, against Hertha Zehlendorf, on 22 June 1969, it needed a win for promotion but lost 0–3 instead and Oberhausen went up, being one point ahead of "SVA". At the end of the season, the club had to sell one of its best players, Lorenz Horr, who was then a record transfer for the German "Bundesliga". The club also lost its championship-winning coach, Otto Render, in a car accident shortly after.
In 1969–70, the team won the league title for a third consecutive time, beating FK Pirmasens by three points. Taking part in the promotion round for a third time, too, the club also finished third in its group, not coming as close to promotion as it was in 1969. In the German Cup, the club managed to hold the then rising star of German football, Borussia Mönchengladbach, to a 1–1 draw after extra time, to lose the replay 1–3 a few days later, quite an achievement for the small club.
In its three years in the "Bundesliga" promotion round, the club played all its home games in the considerably larger stadium in Ludwigshafen.
The club continued to be a strong team in the "Regionalliga" after 1970, earning a fifth and third place in the following seasons, but not being able to repeat its performance from the time between 1967 and 1970. From 1972, the club slipped down the ranks, coming eighth and tenth in 1973 and 1974.
The year 1974 saw changes in the German league system. The five "Regionalligas" were disbanded in favor of two new "2nd Bundesligas", of which the "2nd Bundesliga Süd" was the one SV Alsenborn aimed to qualify for.
"SVA" managed to qualify for the new league, the qualification system taking the last five seasons into account. However, the club held the last qualifying spot for the new league, five points ahead of 1. FC Saarbrücken. The "SVA" then found its license for the next season revoked on financial grounds as well as its home ground not being up to scratch, and "1. FCS" was admitted instead. The club went through the various levels of appeal and at times the case was ruled in its favor but in the end the German Football Association ruled against the club. The situation brought back memories of 1963, when Saarbrücken was awarded a place in the "Bundesliga" for similar reasons. In 1963, like in 1974, the rumor was that the German Football Association chairman Hermann Neuberger, a native of the Saarland and honorary member of the 1. FC Saarbrücken, held its protecting hand over the club, to the disadvantage of the SV Alsenborn. But despite all outrage, the "SVA" had to step down to the third division and the "1. FCS" stayed up, earning promotion back to the "Bundesliga" in 1976.
Decline.
From this point in 1974, the club rapidly declined. "SVA" was not competitive in the third division "Amateurliga Südwest" and within two seasons suffered another relegation, to the "Bezirksliga Westpfalz". In this league, the club managed to earn a second place in 1977–78, winning promotion to the new "Verbandsliga Südwest" (IV). Four seasons there saw a sixth place in 1979 as its best result but by 1982, it was back in the tier-five "Bezirksliga Westpfalz". It earned a championship there in the 1982–83 and returned to the "Verbandsliga" straight away.
Three seasons with a third place in 1985 followed before having to return to the "Bezirksliga". In 1988, another relegation took the club back to where it once, in the early 1960s, came from, the "A-Klasse".
IN 2011-12, the club played in the tier nine Kreisliga Kaiserslautern-Donnersberg-Süd, where it won promotion.
With the promotion of the TSG 1899 Hoffenheim to the "Fussball-Bundesliga" in 2008, a village club finally archived what Alsenborn aimed for in the late 1960s.
Honours.
The club's honours: 
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
Stadium.
In its later "Regionalliga" days, the club's stadium was expanded to hold 16,000 spectators but nowadays it is reduced to a still very oversized 8,000. The stadium is decorated with posters of the 1960s "Bundesliga" promotion games. The old standing ranks are somewhat overgrown and the grand stand looks rather quaint.
DFB Cup appearances.
The club has qualified for the first round of the German Cup five times:

</doc>
<doc id="20220732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220732" title="L. du Garde Peach">
L. du Garde Peach

Lawrence du Garde Peach (14 February 1890 – 31 December 1974), who wrote under the name L. du Garde Peach, was an English author and playwright for radio, stage, and screen. He is probably best remembered as the author of over thirty works in the "Adventure from History" series of non-fiction books for children which was published by Ladybird Books between 1957 and his death in 1974. It was the largest series Ladybird ever produced, and remained in print until 1986.
Life.
Peach, the son of a Unitarian minister, was born in 1890 in Sheffield, and attended Manchester Grammar School and Manchester University before taking up a postgraduate position at University of Göttingen in 1912, later earning a PhD at Sheffield University in 1921 for a thesis on the development of drama in France, Spain and England in the 17th century. He married in 1915, and served in military intelligence during the First World War, reaching the rank of captain.
From the early 1920s, he began regularly writing humorous pieces for "Punch" and other magazines, and after a period as a lecturer at the University College of the South West of England (later to become the University of Exeter), Peach left academia to become a full-time writer. A major outlet was the then new medium of radio, for which he wrote his first play in 1924. Much of his work for radio dramatised history and biography, and became a staple of the "Children's Hour" strand for younger listeners.
He also wrote extensively for the stage, forming a close relationship with the Sheffield Playhouse, and from 1934 to 1936, he wrote for a number of films, ranging from horror "The Ghoul" (1933), "The Man Who Changed His Mind" (1936), and musical comedy "Princess Charming" (1934), "Land Without Music" (1936), to serious drama adaptations "Turn of the Tide" (1935), and the all-star spectacular "Transatlantic Tunnel" (1935). He turned down lucrative offers from Hollywood, preferring not to have to deal with all the whims of those in the production process. Frank Launder once claimed that he and Sidney Gilliat had to abandon "most of the script" for "Seven Sinners" (1936) and that Peach's "only virtue was speed."
Peach was also a great supporter of the idea of amateur theatre, and wrote a number of plays specially tailored for particular kinds of amateur groups. In 1927, he founded an amateur group at Great Hucklow, close to his home in the Peak District of Derbyshire, which achieved a notably high standard. It continued until 1971. He wrote many plays and produced many productions for the group, and in 1938 created its own theatre, converted from an old lead mining building. After the war, he also produced a number of large-scale theatrical pageants, in Sheffield, Manchester and elsewhere.
Peach also entered the world of politics, standing as a candidate for the Liberal Party at the 1929 General Election in the dual member seat of Derby, without success.
He was made an OBE for services for literature in 1972, and recognised with an honorary DLitt from Sheffield University in 1964. He died in 1974 at home in Foolow in Derbyshire, about a mile from Great Hucklow, two years after the death of his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="20220738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220738" title="Michael Holman (priest)">
Michael Holman (priest)

Michael Holman is a Catholic priest and the current Principal of Heythrop College, University of London. Prior to this he was the Provincial of the Jesuits in Britain and was formerly Headmaster of Wimbledon College. He was born and brought up in Wimbledon, south London, where he was educated by the Jesuits, at Donhead and at Wimbledon College.
Holman entered the novitiate of the Society of Jesus in 1974 and was ordained priest in the Sacred Heart Church, Wimbledon, in 1988. He studied at Heythrop College, University of London; Campion Hall, Oxford; The Weston Jesuit School of Theology, Cambridge, Massachusetts; and Fordham University, New York, and holds degrees in Philosophy, Theology and Education Administration.
In addition to Wimbledon College, where he was headmaster from 1995 to 2004, Holman has worked in Jesuit schools in Glasgow and Sheffield. While completing his final year of training in 1995, he worked for six months as a prison and hospital chaplain in Guyana, South America.

</doc>
<doc id="20220748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220748" title="Uncial 0172">
Uncial 0172

Uncial 0172 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 5th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Epistle to the Romans 1:27-30,32-2:2, on one parchment leaf (14 cm by 11 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 19 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
Facsimile of this fragment was published by M. Naldini ad Guglielmo Cavallo.
The codex currently is housed at the Laurentian Library (PSI 4) in Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="20220749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220749" title="List of windmills in Cornwall">
List of windmills in Cornwall

A list of windmills in Cornwall, including those in the Isles of Scilly.
Notes.
Mills in bold are still standing, known building dates are indicated in bold. Text in "italics" denotes indicates that the information is not confirmed, but is likely to be the case stated.
Sources.
Unless otherwise stated, the source for all entries is 

</doc>
<doc id="20220750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220750" title="Ella Donnison">
Ella Donnison

Ella Louise Donnison (born 27 February 1975, Nottingham) is a former captain and wicket-keeper for the England women's cricket team.
Donnison captained England in the 1999 Women's European Championship, played in Nykobing Mors, Denmark. England won the tournament, winning all three of their matches. These were her only international appearances.
Donnison played for East Midlands and Nottinghamshire in the women's County Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20220759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220759" title="Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1929–1931">
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1929–1931

This is a list of the members of the Australian House of Representatives in the 12th Australian Parliament, which was elected at the 1929 election on 12 October 1929. The incumbent Nationalist Party of Australia led by Prime Minister of Australia Stanley Bruce in power since 1923 with coalition partner the Country Party led by Earle Page was defeated by the opposition Australian Labor Party led by James Scullin. Labor won with its then largest-ever majority in the federal parliament. However major divisions within the ALP over policy responses to the Great Depression, and the subsequent creation of the United Australia Party led to thirty parliamentarians changing their party affiliation in 1931. 

</doc>
<doc id="20220761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220761" title="The Unusuals">
The Unusuals

The Unusuals is a comedy-drama television series that aired on ABC from April 8 to June 17, 2009 in the U.S. and Global in Canada. The pilot and first episode were written by Noah Hawley, a former writer and producer for Fox's "Bones". An ABC press release described "The Unusuals" as "like a modern-day "M*A*S*H"" that "explores both the grounded drama and comic insanity of the world of New York City police detectives, where every cop has a secret". Its premise elaborated:
The initial series order was for 10 episodes. Show creator Noah Hawley announced via his Twitter account in mid-May 2009 that ABC would not be bringing the show back for a second season.
Plot.
Det. Casey Shraeger transfers from Vice to NYPD's Second Precinct with a mission: to clean up Sergeant Harvey Brown's station at his request. Her new partner is Jason Walsh, whose previous partner was murdered the same night Shraeger was assigned to him. Shraeger was chosen mostly because Brown believes her to be incorruptible, since she comes from a wealthy family and chose to work for the police from a sense of doing good, rather than for money.
As soon as she meets her new partner, they start a quest for Walsh's ex-partner's killer. He was a corrupt cop, which was a known fact, but he was also investigating other cops at the 2nd Precinct. His main focus was Det. Henry Cole who once lived by another name and robbed an armored car. Cole's partner, Det. Allison Beaumont, is later revealed to be Walsh's girlfriend.
Besides Shraeger, Walsh, Beaumont and Cole, the station has three more detectives: Leo Banks, who wears a bulletproof vest everywhere he goes, because he is afraid he will die at age 42, as his father, grandfather and uncle did; Banks' partner Eric Delahoy, who has a brain tumor (causing hallucinations) but refuses to notify anyone, for fear that treatment could kill or cripple him; and Eddie Alvarez who sees himself as a "lone wolf" and talks about himself in the third person.
The show's cancellation left Delahoy's fate unresolved.
DVD release.
It was released as an amazon.com exclusive on April 6, 2010. All ten episodes can be found on Netflix, Hulu, Amazon.com, and free of charge on Crackle.

</doc>
<doc id="20220778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220778" title="The Thieving Hand">
The Thieving Hand

The Thieving Hand is a 1908 American silent short film. It is credited for its astounding trick photography and effects for its age. It was directed and produced by J. Stuart Blackton of Vitagraph Studios. 
The film was shot on location in Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York City and released on February 1, 1908 in the United States.
It is one of the 50 films in the 4-disc boxed DVD set called "Treasures from American Film Archives" (2000), compiled by the National Film Preservation Foundation from 18 American film archives. The film's print is preserved by the George Eastman House.
In November 2008, it was shown in Leeds Film Festival, as part of "Back to the Electric Palace", with live music by Sasha Siem, performed in partnership with Opera North.
Plot.
A one-armed beggar receives a new limb from a strange store that specializes in human appendages. The new arm has a mind of its own, though, and brings the man nothing but trouble.

</doc>
<doc id="20220781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220781" title="N4-Chloroacetylcytosine arabinoside">
N4-Chloroacetylcytosine arabinoside

"N"4-Chloroacetylcytosine arabinoside is a GABA agonist.

</doc>
<doc id="20220782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220782" title="(Z)-4-Amino-2-butenoic acid">
(Z)-4-Amino-2-butenoic acid

("Z")-4-Amino-2-butenoic acid (CACA, "cis"-4-aminocrotonic acid) is a GABA receptor partial agonist selective for the GABAA-ρ (previously known as GABAC) subtype.

</doc>
<doc id="20220786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220786" title="St Just in Penwith Parish Church">
St Just in Penwith Parish Church

St. Just in Penwith Parish Church is a parish church in the Church of England located in St Just in Penwith, Cornwall, UK.
The church is Anglo-Catholic and under the care of the Bishop of Ebbsfleet rather than the Bishop of Truro.
History.
The church of St Just is medieval. There are no remains of the early medieval church and only part of the chancel remains from the church built in 1334 which was dedicated on 13 July 1336 by the Bishop of Exeter, John Grandisson. The current building dates from the 15th century. In 1355 the church was given to Glasney College by Sir John de Beaupre together with the church lands of Lafrowda. In 1478 the bones of St Justus the Martyr were believed to lie in the church. Medieval chapels in the parish included a chapel of St Helen at Cape Cornwall and a chapel of St Michael on Chapel Carn Brea.
Description.
The church is large and built of regular granite blocks. Both the body of the church and the tower are of the 15th century and the tower is of three stages. The aisles are built to the same design with alternating windows of two different patterns. The arcades have limestone piers. The font is modern but has been described as 14th century in date. Two medieval wall paintings remain but they are both heavily restored; one portrays St George and the other a warning to breakers of the Sabbath.
Antiquities.
The Selus Stone is thought to date from the late 5th or early 6th centuries. It bears the Latin inscription "Selus Ic Iacet" (Selus lies here). This is thought to refer to Salomon of Cornwall, otherwise known as Saint Selevan.
Langdon (1896) recorded the existence of six stone crosses in the parish, including two at the vicarage and two at Kenidjack.

</doc>
<doc id="20220793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220793" title="Veysel Turan">
Veysel Turan

Veysel Turan (1901-2007) was one of the last Turkish veterans of the Turkish War of Independence (1919-1923).
Taking his horse cart with from his village in Konya Province, he voluntarily joined Kuvayi Milliye under the leadership of Mustafa Kemal to fight against the Allies partitioning the Ottoman Empire after it was defeated in World War I. Called "", he served as a combat medic in the rank of a corporal in the attack battalion of the 1st Division at the battles Dumlupınar, Sakarya, 2nd İnönü and the Great Offensive. His first duty in the battlefield was to collect the corpses of fallen soldiers with his cart.
He died on March 25, 2007 in Konya, where he was hospitalized in Meram State Hospital three days before due to kidney and hearth failure. He had 7 children and 25 grandchildren. Bedridden for a long time and speech disabled for two years, he had been living together with his daughter Semiha Turan. After his death, only two veterans of the War of Independence, Yakup Satar and Mustafa Şekip Birgöl remained alive in Turkey.
His memories from the War of Independence and his daily life along with the of two other veterans, Ömer Küyük and Yakup Satar, are depicted in the documentary film "Son Buluşma" (2007) () by Nesli Çölgeçen.

</doc>
<doc id="20220796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220796" title="Weyer concentration camp">
Weyer concentration camp

The memorial place Weyer concentration camp/Innviertel is a memorial for the commemoration of the former so-called educating-through-work and Romani internment camp St. Pantaleon-Weyer. The camp was situated in Weyer, a part of the municipality Haigermoos, which belonged to the municipality Sankt Pantaleon until 1945.
Camp history.
The German Labour Front – camp was initiated in 1940 by the Gauleiter August Eigruber as a Labor camp. The occupants, mostly citizens of the surrounding area, had to carry out dehydration activities at the Moosach. The camp staff consisted of SA-men of the group Alpenland from the municipality. After five detainees died from abuse within a short time, the municipal doctor of Sankt Pantaleon, Dr. A. St., and the prosecution Ried pressed charges against the camp management and staff. The Labor camp was closed in 1941 as Labor camp and the action was dismissed on instructions. From then on the camp was used as Roma internment camp. Particularly Austrian (also some who were born in the Innviertel) Roma, also women and children, were detained and deployed at the IBM-Waidmooser dehydration. In November 1941, the camp was ultimately closed. The 301 detainees who had survived were loaded into cattle wagons in Bürmoos and, after a short stopover in Lackenbach in Burgenland, transported to the Ghetto Litzmannstadt.
The memorial.
Through the memorial, the municipality Sankt Pantaleon commemorates also its own responsibility as the then competent administration.
The memorial alongside the Moosach was created by the sculptor Dieter Schmidt from Fridolfing and inaugurated on 24 June 2000. It is situated within the boundaries of today’s municipality Sankt Pantaleon, and not on the premises of the Weyer concentration camp, which belong to today’s municipality Haigermoos.

</doc>
<doc id="20220800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220800" title="John Maggard">
John Maggard

John "Slo" Maggard is an American musician and the bassist of Winthrop, Massachusetts metalcore band Unearth.

</doc>
<doc id="20220801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220801" title="Fighting for Our Lives (film)">
Fighting for Our Lives (film)

Fighting for Our Lives is a 1975 documentary film produced by Glen Pearcy. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20220805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220805" title="Climate of Sindh">
Climate of Sindh

The province of Sindh is situated in a subtropical region; it is hot in the summer and cold in winter. Temperatures frequently rise above between May and August, and the minimum average temperature of occurs during December and January. The annual rainfall averages about seven inches, falling mainly during July and August. The southwesterly monsoon wind begins to blow in mid-February and continues until the end of September, whereas the cool northerly wind blows during the winter months from October to January.
Sindh lies between the two monsoons — the southwest monsoon from the Indian Ocean and the northeast or retreating monsoon, deflected towards it by the Himalayan mountains — and escapes the influence of both. The average rainfall in Sindh is only per year. The region's scarcity of rainfall is compensated by the inundation of the Indus twice a year, caused by the spring and summer melting of Himalayan snow and by rainfall in the monsoon season. These natural patterns have recently changed somewhat with the construction of dams and barrages on the Indus River. Parts of southeastern Sindh receive rainfall of up to and some cities have received very heavy rainfall on occasion. In 2005, Hyderabad received in just 11 hours. 
Sindh is divided into three climatic regions: Siro (the upper region, centred on Jacobabad), Wicholo (the middle region, centred on Hyderabad), and Lar (the lower region, centred on Karachi).
The thermal equator passes through upper Sindh, where the air is generally very dry. The highest temperature ever recorded in Sindh was , which was recorded in Mohenjo-daro on 26 May 2010. It was not only the hottest temperature ever recorded in Pakistan but also the hottest reliably measured temperature ever recorded in the continent of Asia and the fourth highest temperature ever recorded on earth. The previous record for Sindh and Pakistan, and for all of Asia, had been , reached on 12 June 1919.
In the winters, frost is common. Central Sindh's temperatures are generally lower than those of upper Sindh but higher than those of lower Sindh. Dry hot days and cool nights are typical during the summer. Central Sindh's maximum temperature typically reaches . Lower Sindh has a damper and humid maritime climate affected by the southwestern winds in summer and northeastern winds in winter, with lower rainfall than Central Sindh. Lower Sindh's maximum temperature reaches about . In the Kirthar range at and higher at Gorakh Hill and other peaks in Dadu District, temperatures near freezing have been recorded and brief snowfall is received in the winters.In gorakh temperatures in winter nights can sour down to -15.
The highest temperatures each year in Pakistan, typically rising to above , are usually recorded in Shaheed Benazeerabad District (previously called Nawabshah District) and Sibbi from May to August. Sometimes the temperature falls to ; on rare occasions (once every 25 years or so) it has fallen to below in December or January.

</doc>
<doc id="20220806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220806" title="Last Drive (album)">
Last Drive (album)

Last Drive is the first and only studio album by Eric Burdon's Fire Dept., released in 1980.
History.
Every song title from the album is also listed on the front cover. Also some lyrics are visible on it, "Outlaw motorcycle gangs have joined forces with the citizen drivers, look out for hot Chevey panel truck" (from "The Last Drive") and "Take my spirit someplace else" (from "The Last Poet").
The front cover was drawn by Eric Burdon. The band's logo, visible on the back cover, was drawn by Gerd Grzelak. The album was recorded at the "Tonstudio", Hiltpoltstein, West Germany (April 1980) and at "La Playa", Frejus, France (June 1980). The inner sleeve photographs were taken by Jürgen V. Gzarnowski.

</doc>
<doc id="20220809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220809" title="Leskovik">
Leskovik

Leskovik is a municipality in the Kolonjë District, Korçë County, southeastern Albania. It is located right at the Greek-Albanian border. Its maximum population was during 1910, with around 10,000 people.
History.
Ottoman period.
The area came under Ottoman rule in 15th century and became part of the Sanjak of Ioannina. Leskovik is recognized as a town in early 1800s. It was conceived as a relaxing and retreat center for the Ottoman administration. According to the ""Encyclopedia"" of Sami Frashëri, it gradually became the center of the "Kaza" and later the "Sanjak".
Leskovik surroundings and its nearby mountain Melesin were a battle arena between Ottoman army and the Albanian rebels led by Iliaz (Zylyftar) Poda (from the nearby village of Podë) during the Albanian rebellion of 1832-1833.
Edith Durham, who traveled the area during the last Ottoman period, would give a description of the town in her book "The Burden of the Balkans" as: ""Leskovik is a quiet small place, solid and stony, built much like a North Wales village, but clean and tidy, the population mostly Bektashite Moslems. Some of the Christian women had a small cross tattooed between their eyebrows. There is small church, and a Greek school..."".
During the Balkan Wars (1912-1913) Ottoman rule came to an end and Leskovik briefly came under the control of the Greek forces. Shortly after the town was visited by an international commission who was responsible to draw the precise borders between the Kingdom of Greece and the newly established Principality of Albania. Leskovik was finally ceded to Albania under the terms of the Protocol of Florence (17 December 1913).
World War II.
During the Greco-Italian War, Leskovik was controlled by the Greek Army, during the penetration of the Greek forces in November 1940. Latter, the town showed a strong support to communist partisans during the Italian and German World War II occupation.
Cold War.
The People's Socialist Republic of Albania, being an ally of the Soviet Union, was involved in the Greek Civil War (1946-1949) by supporting the communist led Greek Democratic Army. Leskovic became for a period its headquarters. The town also hosted a training, a supply center, as well as medical facilities for the communist guerrillas, who mounted several invasions from Albanian soil into the Greek region of Grammos and fled back to Albania once an operation was completed.
Today.
The population has decreased after the '90s, due to immigration. The population's religion is distributed between Bektashis, Orthodoxs, and Muslims.
Geography.
Leskovik is located 0.7 miles from Melesin mountain, inside Ersekë-Konitsa-Çarshovë triangle.

</doc>
<doc id="20220825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220825" title="Barmash">
Barmash

Barmash is a municipality in the Kolonjë District, Korçë County, southeastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Barmash, Leshnjë, Shalës, Gozhdorazhd, Sanjollas, Kamnik, Bënjëz, Radimisht, Arrëz and Rajan.

</doc>
<doc id="20220832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220832" title="The Incredible Machine (film)">
The Incredible Machine (film)

The Incredible Machine is a 1975 American documentary film directed by Irwin Rosten and Ed Spiegel. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. E. G. Marshall narrated the film, which was produced by Rosten, together with Dennis B. Kane and Alex Pomansanof. 
"The Incredible Machine", which included some of the first pictures taken inside the human body and presented on film, using some of the earliest film that medical researchers had taken inside the human digestive tract and bloodstream. It ranked as the most-watched program in Public Broadcasting Service until 1982, when it was overtaken by "The Sharks". Rosten's collaborator Nicholas Noxon described the "extraordinary impact" that the film had as a "National Geographic" special, noting that it was "groundbreaking for its time" and "opened people's eyes to what could be done with a documentary". "The New York Times" reviewer John J. O'Connor cited the film's ability to allow PBS to compete with the major networks, saying that "commercial television should now be reeling from the success of National Geographic documentary", which garnered 36% of the total television audience in the New York City area when it was shown on WNET Channel 13.
Rosten was criticized by some for using film that had been taken inside monkeys and rabbits. "The New York Times" noted criticism that viewers had been led to believe that the film was composed entirely of shots taken inside the human body, while nearly 5% was actually taken inside animals for details of the lungs, blood circulation and the reproductive system. Rosten had used film of human subjects wherever possible but that when "it was impossible to get inside the body we used film of mammals that would be exact representations of what we wanted to show". The National Geographic Society had been informed by Rosten that animal footage was included, but a disclaimer was not included in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20220851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220851" title="Qendër Leskovik">
Qendër Leskovik

Qendër Leskovik is a municipality in the Kolonjë District, Korçë County, southeastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Pobickë, Cerckë, Radat, Radovë, Postenan, Lashovë, Peshtan, Podë, Kovaçisht, Vrepckë, Gërmenj, Radanj, Glinë and Gjirakar.

</doc>
<doc id="20220870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220870" title="St Uny's Church, Lelant">
St Uny's Church, Lelant

St Uny's Church, Lelant, is the Church of England parish church of Lelant, Cornwall, England, UK. It is dedicated to Saint Uny (or Euny) who is also the patron saint of Redruth.
The church is medieval and entirely built of granite. Parts of the nave arcades are Norman, but all of the windows are Perpendicular in style. The earliest reference to the church is in 1170, when Thomas Becket, Archbishop of Canterbury, referred to "The Church of Saint Euni". Like many other churches in Cornwall, St Uny's has a copy of a letter from King Charles thanking the people of Lelant for their support during the English Civil War.
The church was restored in 1873, at a cost of £1,175, by J. D. Sedding.
The church has fine memorials to two William Praeds, dated 1620 and 1833 (the Praed's home was at Trevethow in the parish), and also buried here are Henry Jenner (1848–1934) who was the first Grand Bard of the Gorseth Kernow, and the artist Peter Lanyon (1918–1964). 

</doc>
<doc id="20220888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220888" title="Novoselë, Kolonjë">
Novoselë, Kolonjë

Novoselë (also: "Piskal-Novoselë") is a municipality in the Kolonjë District, Korçë County, southeastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Novoselë, Mesiçkë, Kagjinas, Zharkan, Piskal, Vitisht, Shijan, Kaduç, Ndërrmarr and Mbreshtan.

</doc>
<doc id="20220890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220890" title="Jack Owen (disambiguation)">
Jack Owen (disambiguation)

Jack Owen is a death metal guitarist.

</doc>
<doc id="20220912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220912" title="Seneca white deer">
Seneca white deer

The Seneca White Deer are a rare herd of deer living within the confines of the former Seneca Army Depot in Seneca County, New York. When the depot was created in 1941, a fence was erected around its perimeter, isolating a small herd of White-tailed deer, some of whom had white coats. These deer are not albino, but instead carry a set of recessive genes for all-white coats. The fence creates a genetic bottleneck causing high levels of inbreeding. The constant inbreeding (mating of close relatives to inbreeding depression which can lead to reduced fecundity and malformations. The white deer population behind the fence at the Patuxent Wildlife Research Center is subject to severe foot and leg deformities leading to crippling.[http://www.pwrc.usgs.gov/history/whitedr.htm]
In the 1950s, the depot commander forbade GI's from shooting any white deer. The deer population has since grown to about 700 head, approximately 300 of which are white, making it the largest herd of white deer in the world.
Future of the herd.
Since the depot's closure, the future of the deer has been uncertain. The visibility of white deer makes them easy prey for hunters and natural enemies like coyotes, and such a herd would not survive in the wild. The depot land is New York's largest block of land available for development and some new uses have been found for it. A new maximum security state prison was built on the eastern rim and the former barracks on the northern tip was converted into housing for troubled teenagers. Plans to buy of land to build an ethanol and biofuel electricity production center and to plant crops of willow trees and switch grass to be converted into fuel was proposed. In 2006, a business plan was submitted to the Seneca County Industrial Development Agency, owners of the depot property, to convert the land into a conservation park and Cold War museum, but the plan was denied.

</doc>
<doc id="20220916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220916" title="Matt Green (actor)">
Matt Green (actor)

Matt Green is an English actor and comedian.
Education.
Green read English at Christ's College, Cambridge and graduated in 2000. He was a member of the Footlights alongside Richard Ayoade, John Oliver and John Finnemore and became president during his final year with Finnemore as vice president. After graduating he remained to direct the year-end tour and did some screenwriting on the side before his break into comedy.
Stand-up comedy.
Green started performing stand up comedy in 2003. He was placed second at the Hackney Empire New Act of the Year in 2005, and later that year went on to perform in "The Comedy Zone" at the 2005 Edinburgh Festival Fringe alongside Isy Suttie, Russell Kane and Mark Olver.
He has performed four solo stand up shows at the Edinburgh Fringe:
Matt performed stand up comedy as part of "Arthur Smith and Friends" at the Glastonbury Festival in 2008, a performance which was recorded and broadcast on BBC Radio 4 as part of the programme "Arabella Churchill: The First Lady of Glastonbury".
Acting.
Radio.
His credits include Constable Twitten in the BBC Radio 4 comedy series "Inspector Steine" and as Apsley Cherry-Garrard in the BBC Radio 4 classic serial "The Worst Journey in the World".
Matt has also appeared in other BBC Radio 4 programmes:
Television.
In 2011, Green starred in the one off BBC Christmas show "Lapland".
Writing.
Co-creator and co-writer (alongside Robin French and Kieron Quirke) of the pilot for ABC Family sitcom "Roommates".
Writer on "The Now Show" on BBC Radio 4 in March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20220918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220918" title="Montford">
Montford

Montford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20220934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220934" title="South African Medal for War Services">
South African Medal for War Services

The South African Medal for War Services was awarded for part-time voluntary service in support of the war effort between 6 September 1939 and 15 February 1946. 
Institution.
The medal was instituted by a Royal Warrant dated 29 December 1945 and countersigned and sealed at Cape Town on 6 February 1946, for award to both sexes, whether British subjects or not. The requirements were a minimum of two year's service, one at least of which was continuous, rendered voluntarily and without pay, within or outside the borders of the Union of South Africa, in one or more of the officially recognized voluntary organizations, providing that five or more hours were worked every week.

</doc>
<doc id="20220937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220937" title="Mollas, Kolonjë">
Mollas, Kolonjë

Mollas is a municipality in the Kolonjë District, Korçë County, southeastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Mollas, Skorovot, Qinam, Vodicë, Qafzez, Helmës, Shtikë, Pepellash, Butkë, Kozel, Milec, Bezhan, Boshanj and Blush.

</doc>
<doc id="20220938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220938" title="Osmotic coefficient">
Osmotic coefficient

An osmotic coefficient "φ" is a quantity which characterises the deviation of a solvent from ideal behaviour, referenced to Raoult's law. The osmotic coefficient based on molality "b" is defined by:
and on an amount fraction basis by:
where formula_3 is the chemical potential of the pure solvent and formula_4 is the chemical potential of the solvent in a solution, "M"A is its molar mass, "x"A its amount fraction, "R" the gas constant and "T" the temperature in kelvins. The latter osmotic
coefficient is sometimes called the rational osmotic coefficient. The values for the two definitions are different, but since
the two definitions are similar, and in fact both approach 1 as the concentration goes to zero.
In a single solute solution, the (molality based) osmotic coefficient and the solute activity coefficient are related to the excess Gibbs free energy formula_6 by the relations:
and there is thus a differential relationship between them (temperature and pressure held constant):
In ionic solutions, Debye-Hückel theory implies that formula_10 is asymptotic to formula_11, where "I" is ionic strength and "A" is the Debye-Hückel constant (equal to about 1.17 for water at 25 °C). This means that, at least at low concentrations, the vapor pressure of the solvent will be greater than that predicted by Raoult's law. For instance, for solutions of magnesium chloride, the vapor pressure is slightly greater than that predicted by Raoult's law up to a concentration of 0.7 mol/kg, after which the vapor pressure is lower than Raoult's law predicts.
For aqueous solutions, the osmotic coefficients can be calculated theoretically by Pitzer equations or TCPC model.

</doc>
<doc id="20220939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220939" title="(1,2,5,6-Tetrahydropyridin-4-yl)methylphosphinic acid">
(1,2,5,6-Tetrahydropyridin-4-yl)methylphosphinic acid

(1,2,5,6-Tetrahydropyridin-4-yl)methylphosphinic acid (TPMPA) is a GABA antagonist selective for the GABAA-ρ (previously known as GABAC) subtype.

</doc>
<doc id="20220969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220969" title="Tommo Inc.">
Tommo Inc.

Tommo is an American video games publisher who also had distribution rights of the Japanese copies of Jump Super Stars and Jump Ultimate Stars throughout Best Buys, GameStops, and Fry's Electronics in North America.
In July, 2013, Tommo bought Humongous from the Atari bankruptcy proceedings
Games.
PlayStation 2 / GameCube
PSP :
Nintendo DS :
Wii :
Distribution.
Nintendo DS:
PSP:

</doc>
<doc id="20220970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220970" title="Montford (surname)">
Montford (surname)

The surname Montford is derived from the Norman times and has its connections with a hamlet of the same name in Brittany France.
The family name of Montford settled within the regions of Shropshire and can still be found in Market Drayton and Whitchurch. The Montford's of Market Drayton were a well known family of cabinet makers and in the late 19th century there were at least five members of this family employed in the business as skilled cabinet makers. One family member, Henry, was a master cabinet maker. The business was located in St Marys Street Market Drayton and a total of five addresses in this street were inhabited by the family.
Notable people with the surname Montford:

</doc>
<doc id="20220972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220972" title="Çlirim">
Çlirim

Çlirim is a municipality in the Kolonjë District, Korçë County, southeastern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20220978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220978" title="Luke Campbell (boxer)">
Luke Campbell (boxer)

Luke Campbell, MBE (born 27 September 1987) is an English professional boxer. As an amateur he won a gold medal at the 2012 Olympic Games in the bantamweight division. In April 2013 he agreed to turn professional.
Amateur boxing career.
Senior ABA titles.
Campbell, who fights out of the St. Paul's Amateur Boxing Club in Hull, won the English senior ABA Bantamweight title in 2007 and retained the honour in 2008 after beating Gareth Smith 23–1 in the final.
2008 European Championships.
He represented England at the 2008 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Liverpool, England. At the championships Campbell defeated Olympic bronze medalist Veaceslav Gojan in the quarterfinals and German Denis Makarov in the semifinals before facing experienced Bulgarian Detelin Dalakliev in the final.
After four rounds the Bulgarian levelled the scores in the fight to 5 each after he scored a point in the last two seconds of the fight. The decision then went to countback and Campbell was awarded the title making Campbell the first Englishman to win a European amateur title since 1961.
2010 Four Nations Challenge.
Following his successful return, following a year long sabbatical to recover from tendon surgery, to International competition at the WBC Night Of Champions in Cardiff in July, Luke started his 2012 London Olympics preparations by securing Gold at the Four Nations Challenge in Sheffield.
On the Saturday Luke, who convincingly won his Featherweight (57 kg) fight by a 11–5 points margin over China’s Jun Tan at the WBC Night Of Champions, continued his winning ways by beating Kazakhstan’s Shulakov Madi by 6 – 4 in the semi final of the Four Nations Challenge.
In Sunday’s final Luke again faced Jun Tan from China, his adversary the previous week at the WBC Night of Champions. As before Luke dominated the proceedings, this time winning by an increased points margin of 11–3.
2011 World Championships.
Campbell qualified for the 2012 Olympic Games after winning a silver medal at the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships – Bantamweight in Baku, Azerbaijan.
2012 Summer Olympics.
At the 2012 London Olympics, Campbell won gold in the 56kg Bantamweight division after beating Ireland's John Joe Nevin 14:11. Campbell had earlier beaten Italian, Vittorio Parrinello, by 11:9. In the quarter-finals he met Detelin Dalakliev of Bulgaria in his closest bout of the competition, edging it by a score of 16:15. His next opponent, Satoshi Shimizu from Japan- who had earlier been reinstated in the tournament by AIBA after a successful appeal after a defeat by Magomed Abdulhamidov was beaten by 20:11. Campbell beat Nevin in the final bout, and dropped the Irishman at the start of the third round, thus becoming the first bantamweight boxer to win Olympic gold for Great Britain since Henry Thomas in 1908.
A first class postage stamp, depicting Campbell, was issued by Royal Mail and a post box in Hessle Road, Hull was painted gold to commemorate his gold medal win. Local telephone network provider, KC, have also commemorated the win by painting one of their telephone boxes, near to St Paul's Boxing Club, gold.
Campbell was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to boxing.
Professional boxing career.
Campbell's first professional fight took place on 13 July 2013 at Craven Park in his home city of Hull. His opponent was Andy Harris who he beat in the first round. Campbell continued his undefeated start to his career with a 5th round stoppage of Lee Connelly in Hull on 2 November 2013. In his fifth professional bout Campbell carried on his undefeated record and became the first person to stop Scott Moises.
In the media.
In December 2012 it was announced that Campbell would take part in ITV's "Dancing on Ice" series 8 which started on 6 January 2013, skating with professional Jenna Smith. He reached the final of Dancing On Ice 2013 with Beth Tweddle and Matt Lapinskas. He came third while Matt came second and Beth came first.
Personal life.
Campbell has two sons with his fiancée Lynsey Kraanen.
Campbell's grandfather was an Irish boxing champion and members of Campbell's family still live in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20220993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20220993" title="Galena Bay">
Galena Bay

Galena Bay is an unincorporated locality on the bay of the same name on Upper Arrow Lake in British Columbia, Canada. 
Galena Bay is the location of a terminal of the Upper Arrow Lakes Ferry. This linking Galena Bay to Shelter Bay, the link forming part of British Columbia Highway 23 from Nakusp to Revelstoke. Galena Bay is also the terminus of British Columbia Highway 31, which runs southeast via Trout Lake City and Lardeau and then south down the west side of the north arm of Kootenay Lake to Balfour, near Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20221001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221001" title="Draw twister">
Draw twister

A draw twister is a machine used to draw and twist large quantities of polymer fibers. It uses two sets of rollers, where the second set rotates faster than the first, thus drawing the fiber between them. While the fibers are being drawn they are also twisted into thread.

</doc>
<doc id="20221011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221011" title="Isabella Gordon">
Isabella Gordon

Dr. Isabella Gordon, D.Sc., OBE (18 May 1901– 11 May 1988) was a respected Scottish marine biologist who specialised in carcinology and was an expert in crabs and sea spiders. She worked at the Natural History Museum and was awarded an OBE in 1961.
Employment and professional associations.
While at Yale University William Thomas Calman, Keeper of Zoology at the Natural History Museum, London, offered her a post at the museum. She returned to the UK and in November 1928 took up the position of Assistant Keeper (2nd class) with responsibility for the Crustacea Section. Gordon was the first woman to be appointed as a full-time permanent member of Museum staff. In 1937 the Crustacea Section was split in to two parts; J.P. Harding took over entomostraca while Gordon managed malacostraca as Principal Scientific Officer. During her time at the Museum she published many articles and books and identified specimens of crabs sent to her from all over the world. 
She was a Fellow and Council member (1950-1953) of the Linnean Society and a member of its Curatorial Board until her 1981. She was also a Fellow of the Zoological Society. In 1960 she became one of the original members of the Editorial Board of the peer reviewed journal Crustaceana.
Visit to Japan and meeting with Hirohito.
In April 1961 on the occasion of Emperor Hirohito's sixtieth birthday Gordon was invited to spend several weeks in Japan under the sponsorship of the Japanese newspaper Yomiuri Shimbun. On 5 April she was invited to the laboratories of the Imperial Household where she had an informal audience with the Emperor, a keen marine biologist himself. The visit gave Gordon great pleasure and she retained contact with her Japanese colleagues for the rest of her life.
Humour and limericks.
Gordon had a great sense of humour and was a fan of limericks. In 1958 she published a review of Siewing's 'Anatomie und Histologie von Thermosbaena mirabilis' under the title 'A thermophilous shrimp from Tunisia'. The title inspired Dr A.J. Bateman to send her the limerick
To which she replied
Later life.
She retired from the Natural History Museum in 1966 and retained a room in the Crustacea Section which she shared with Dr Sidnie Manton, and continued to work in the Museum until about 1971. In 1983 she suffered a stroke which left her partially paralysed. In 1987 she moved from London to live with the family of her nephew Dr John Gordon in Carlisle. Her health deteriorated after a cataract operation in March 1988 and she died on 11 May 1988.
In her obituary the Dutch carcinologist, Lipke Holthuis referred to her as The Grand Old Lady of Carcinology.

</doc>
<doc id="20221017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221017" title="Frank Harris (footballer)">
Frank Harris (footballer)

Francis "Frank" Edgar Harris (17 December 1899 - December 1983) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Urmston, Manchester. He played for Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20221035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221035" title="HMS Genista">
HMS Genista

Two vessels of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "Genista", after the flower:

</doc>
<doc id="20221037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221037" title="Ömer Küyük">
Ömer Küyük

Ömer Küyük (1900-2006) was one of the last Turkish veterans of the Turkish War of Independence (1919-1923).
Called , he fought in the Independence War as a marksman private.
He lived in the small town of Iskilip in Çorum Province, and died on January 13, 2006 at the age of 106.
His memoires from the War of Independence and his daily life along with the of two other veterans, Veysel Turan and Yakup Satar, are depicted in the documentary film "Son Buluşma" (2007) () by Nesli Çölgeçen.

</doc>
<doc id="20221047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221047" title="Gorton locomotive works">
Gorton locomotive works

Gorton Locomotive Works, known locally as "Gorton Tank" was located in Openshaw near Manchester, England and was completed in 1848 by the Sheffield, Ashton-under-Lyne and Manchester Railway. Even in the 1960s the number of men who worked there was large enough to support nine public houses in the nearby Ogden Lane. 
History.
The original workshops of the Sheffield, Ashton-under-Lyne and Manchester Railway were in Newton near Hyde in Cheshire but were inconveniently situated, cramped and makeshift. In 1845 the railway asked their locomotive superintendent, Richard Peacock, to find a more suitable site for a locomotive and carriage and wagon works.
The site selected was two and a half miles east of Manchester at the side of the railway line between the Manchester to Guide Bridge. Peacock was responsible for the planning and design of the works, which at the time of completion covered about , and eventually growing to . By the time the works were completed in 1848 the railway had become the Manchester, Sheffield & Lincolnshire Railway.
The original motive power depot at Gorton, in the form of a roundhouse was unique in that it had two roads instead of the customary one with a pillar in the centre supporting the glazed roof. It was later replaced by a larger facility but was converted to a smithy. The locomotive workshops were adjacent to the roundhouse on its Western side, with the carriage and wagon shops and a paint shop on the other side of the loco shops. A reservoir was constructed adjacent to the nearby Ashton Canal.
Richard Peacock left the Manchester, Sheffield & Lincolnshire Railway in 1854 and with Charles Beyer founded the Beyer Peacock locomotive company at Gorton Foundry directly opposite Gorton Works on the Southern side of the railway line. He was replaced by William Grindley Craig, who served until 1859, and thence by Charles Sacré until 1886. Between 1871 and 1880 the works was unable to keep pace with new construction and repairs and so Gorton manufactured new parts for locomotives that were constructed or renewed at the Sheffield running shed.
In 1880 Sacré's Carriage and Wagon Superintendent, Thomas Parker oversaw the construction of new Carriage and wagon shops on the site thereby enabling the original shops to be converted into a new enlarged Erecting shop the following year. Following Sacré's retirement and suicide in 1889, Parker took over as Locomotive Superintendent until his own retirement in 1893. He was responsible for the construction of a new machine shop and stores in 1889, and the enlargement of the motive power depot to accommodate 120 locomotives.
Parker was replaced by Harry Pollitt who served until 1900. During this time the Manchester, Sheffield & Lincolnshire Railway changed its name to the Great Central Railway following the opening of its London extension to Marylebone station. Pollitt was superseded by John G. Robinson, as locomotive and marine superintendent in 1900 and who was appointed chief mechanical engineer in 1902.
Under Robinson, new erecting shops were built, and the old erecting shop (the original Carriage and Wagon shops) were converted into machine and fitting shops, and the construction of a new carriage and wagon works at Dukinfield in 1910 enabled additional locomotive work to be carried out in the former carriage and wagon shops.
Grouping and Nationalisation.
Following the merger of the Great Central Railway and other railways in eastern England and Scotland to form the London and North Eastern Railway, as a result of the Railways Act grouping of 1923, most new locomotive design and construction moved to the larger facilities at Doncaster and Darlington Works. Between the 1930s and late 1950s, Gorton works mainly concentrated on the repair and modification of locomotives and the manufacture of parts. Locos were handled from all over the LNER system. British Railways scrapped many locomotives here during the run down of steam in the 1950s and early 1960s during the Beeching era.
Closure.
The railway works were closed 31 May 1963 following a re-organisation of railway workshops and the work was transferred to Doncaster. The motive power depot was closed in 1965. A wholesale fruit and veg market (New Smithfield Market), a police motor vehicle garage and a cash and carry warehouse now stand on the site.
Locomotive construction at Gorton.
Locomotive building began at Gorton under Craig in 1858 with the completion of 0-6-0 No. 6 Archimedes. Over the next sixty years the works constructed many of the MS & LR and GCR locomotives including Parker and Sacre 2-4-0 and 0-6-0 freight classes and several of the Robinson 4-6-0 and 4-4-0 express passenger and mixed traffic classes. The 500th locomotive was GCR Class 11A (LNER Class D6) 4-4-0 No.858. 
From 1911, the works constructed 130 of Robinson's GCR Class 8K (later O4) 2-8-0 heavy freight locomotives. During the First World War the design was adopted by the War Department's Railway Operating Division (ROD) for use in continental Europe. Six of the ROD 2-8-0s were built at Gorton in 1918 and 1919, with the remainder of the 521 engines being built by private locomotive manufacturers including 369 from the North British Locomotive Company in Glasgow.
By the end of Great Central Railway ownership in December 1922, 921 steam locomotives had been built at Gorton. This figure had reached 1006 by 1951, when the last steam locomotive, a LNER Thompson Class B1 4-6-0 61349 was completed.
Following the nationalisation of British Railways (BR) in 1948, Gorton was used for the construction of sixty four electric locomotives of Class 76 and Class 77, between 1950 and 1954, which were required for the newly electrified Woodhead Line from Manchester London Road to Sheffield Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="20221066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221066" title="Swimming at the 2002 Asian Games">
Swimming at the 2002 Asian Games

Swimming was contested from September 30 to October 13 at the 2002 Asian Games in Busan, South Korea.
Participating nations.
A total of 220 athletes from 28 nations competed in swimming at the 2002 Asian Games:

</doc>
<doc id="20221067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221067" title="Kra languages">
Kra languages

The Kra languages, called Gēyāng (仡央, short for Kláo–Bouxyaeŋz) in China, are a branch of the Tai–Kadai family spoken in southern China (Yunnan, Guangxi, Hainan) and in northern Vietnam. Out of the entire Tai–Kadai family, the Kra branch is the least studied. Individual Kra languages have only been recently described in any detail.
The name "Kra" comes from the word  C "human", which appears as "kra, ka, fa, ha" in various Kra languages. Benedict (1942) used the compound "Kra–Dai" for the Kra and Hlai languages taken together, and the term "Kadai" or "Kradai" is sometimes used for the Tai-Kadai family as a whole.
Significance.
Several Kra languages have consonant clusters and disyllabic words, whereas other Tai–Kadai languages only have single consonants. One such language, Buyang, has been used to support a proposed connection with the Austronesian family. (See Austro-Tai.) Unlike the Tai and Kam–Sui languages, most Kra languages, including Gelao and Buyang, have preserved the proto-Tai–Kadai numerical systems. The only other Tai–Kadai branch that preserves this is Hlai. Most other Tai–Kadai languages adopted Chinese numbers over 1,000 years ago.
As noted by linguist Jerold A. Edmondson, the Kra languages contain words in metalworking, handicrafts, and agriculture that are not attested in any other Tai–Kadai language. This suggests that the Kra peoples may have developed or borrowed many technological innovations independently of the Tai and Kam-Sui peoples.
Classification.
Morphological similarities suggest the Kra languages are closest to the Kam–Sui branch of the family. There are about a dozen Kra languages, depending on how languages and dialects are defined. The best known is perhaps the Gelao (Klao) dialect cluster, with about 8,000 speakers in China out of an ethnic population of approximately 500,000.
The internal classification below is from Ostapirat (2000), who splits the Kra branch into a total of 7 languages.
According to Edmondson (2002), Laha is too conservative to be in Western Kra, and he makes it a branch of its own. Ethnologue mistakenly includes the Hlai language Cun of Hainan in Kra; this is not supported by either Ostapirat or Edmondson.
Demographics.
The Kra languages have a total of about 22,000 speakers. In Vietnam, officially recognized Kra peoples are the Cờ Lao (Gelao), La Chí (Lachi), La Ha (Laha), and Pu Péo (Qabiao). In China, only the Gelao people have official status. The other Kra peoples are variously classified as Zhuang, Buyi, Yi, and Han.
Within China, "hotspots" for Kra languages include most of western Guizhou, the prefecture-level city of Baise in western Guangxi, Wenshan Prefecture (文山壮族苗族自治州) in southeastern Yunnan, as well as Hà Giang Province in northern Vietnam. This distribution runs along a northeast-southwest geographic vector, forming what Jerold A. Edmondson calls a "language corridor."
Multigualism is common among Kra language speakers. For example, many Buyang can also speak the Zhuang language.

</doc>
<doc id="20221079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221079" title="Frank Knowles">
Frank Knowles

Frank Knowles (May 1891 - 20 January 1951) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Hyde, Cheshire. He played for Manchester United, Arsenal (as a guest during World War I), Stalybridge Celtic, Hyde Park, Oldham Athletic, Sandbach Ramblers, Hartlepool United, and Manchester City.

</doc>
<doc id="20221084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221084" title="Plamen Konstantinov">
Plamen Konstantinov

Plamen Georgiev Konstantinov (; b. 14 June 1973) is a former Bulgarian volleyball player and captain of the Bulgaria men's national volleyball team,coach.
Konstantinov was born in Sofia; both his parents, Georgi and Eva née Doycheva, are former volleyball internationals and his older brother Julian Konstantinov is an opera singer. Like his father, he bears the nickname "Gibona" ("The Gibbon"). He is tall and weighs .
Konstantinov finished a sports school and started his career with Levski Sofia in 1986, where he remained until 1995; he spent some of the following season with Slavia Sofia and then moved to Italy to play for the Gioia del Colle team. In 1996–97, he was a member of Greek Aris VC and then of Turkish Halkbank Ankara (1997–99). From 1999 until 2004 he played in Greece for Orestiada, PAOK Thessaloniki V.C., Iraklis V.C., Olympiacos S.C. and Panathinaikos VC. In 2004–05, he was with the French Tours VB and then in 2004–05 he represented the Montichiari team. In 2005–06, he played in Poland for Jastrzębski Węgiel and then in 2006–07 he was in Russia with ZSKA Gazprom Surgut. He ended his career in Iraklis, where he played from 2007 to 2009. With Iraklis Thessaloniki he won the silver medal at the 2008-09 Indesit Champions League and also was individually awarded "Best Receiver".
Konstantinov's awards and achievements include Bulgarian championship titles with Levski and Slavia, Greek championship titles with Aris, Iraklis, Olympiakos and Panathinaikois and a French championship title with Tours. He has also won the Greek Cup once and the Supercup twice with Iraklis and the Bulgarian Cup twice with Slavia. He has twice been awarded the Greek Championship Volleyball Player of the Year prize. In 2006, he won third-place bronze medals from the 2006 FIVB Men's World Championship and the 2007 FIVB Men's World Cup in Japan with the Bulgaria national team. In 2008, he was voted Bulgaria's Man of the Year in an online poll organized by Darik Radio.
Coaching career.
In 2011/12 season, he started his coaching career, as the coach of Gazprom-Yugra of the Russian Volleyball League.

</doc>
<doc id="20221102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221102" title="Tropical Storm Patsy">
Tropical Storm Patsy

Tropical Storm Patsy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20221105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221105" title="The Endemic Flora of Tasmania">
The Endemic Flora of Tasmania

The Endemic Flora of Tasmania is a six-volume botanical book, with text by Winifred Mary Curtis and coloured lithographs by renowned botanical illustrator Margaret Stones. 
The work was commissioned and sponsored by Lord Talbot de Malahide and was published by Ariel Press, London between 1967 and 1978. It has been referred to as "one of the foremost botanical publications of the 20th century." 
Stones was working as an illustrator at Kew Gardens in the 1950s and from 1956 was the principal contributing artist to "Curtis's Botanical Magazine". In 1961, Lord Talbot, a keen gardener, rare plant enthusiast and Tasmanian property owner commissioned her for a group of 35 drawings of Tasmanian plants. The Talbot family had owned Malahide Estate, near Fingal, Tasmania since 1824. He later decided to expand the commission and publish the work as a series of books, engaging Curtis to write the text to accompany the final 254 drawings. Collection of the plant material was done by Talbot and Curtis after which they were sent by airfreight to Stones in London for illustrating.
Lord Talbot died in 1973, after the 4th volume was published. Publication of the final two volumes were coordinated by his sister, the Honourable Rose Talbot.

</doc>
<doc id="20221109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221109" title="Ted Williams (disambiguation)">
Ted Williams (disambiguation)

Ted Williams (1918–2002) was an American baseball player.
Ted Williams may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20221116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221116" title="John Banks (footballer)">
John Banks (footballer)

John Banks (14 June 1875 – January 1947) was an English footballer who played as a wing half for West Bromwich Albion, Manchester United, Plymouth Argyle, Leyton and Exeter City. He made 159 appearances in the Football League. Commonly known as Johnny and Jack, the 1904–05 Plymouth Argyle handbook describes Banks as being "splendid in defence and rarely beaten".
Life and career.
Born in West Bromwich, Banks could also play as an outside forward when required. He began his career as an amateur with Oldbury Broadwell before joining the Football League club West Bromwich Albion on professional terms in 1893. He made 119 league appearances during his time with the club and scored five goals. Banks was transferred to Manchester United in 1901 and spent two years at Old Trafford, where he appeared in 40 league matches. In 1903, he signed for Plymouth Argyle of the Southern League. The Argyle handbook of 1904–05 describes him as being "splendid in defence and rarely beaten". After three years with the club, during which time he scored five goals in 82 league and cup games, Banks was released in 1906. He went on to play for Leyton and Exeter City. He died in January 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="20221117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221117" title="Qendër Ersekë">
Qendër Ersekë

Qendër Ersekë is a municipality in the Kolonjë District, Korçë County, southeastern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Starje, Bejkovë, Psar, Selenicë, Kreshovë, Gostivisht, Lëngës, Kodras, Kabash, Borovë, Taç Qëndër, Taç Poshtë, Taç Lartë, Rehovë, Gjonç and Prodan.

</doc>
<doc id="20221122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221122" title="Masovian Regional Assembly">
Masovian Regional Assembly

The Masovian Regional Assembly () is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Masovian, Poland. It is a unicameral body consists of fifty-one councillors elected in free elections for a four-year term. The current chairperson of the assembly is Robert Soszyński. 
The Regional Assembly meets in the Marshal's Office in Warsaw.
Districts.
Members of the Assembly are elected from five districts, serve four-year terms. Districts does not have the constituencies formal names. Instead, each constituency has a number and territorial description.

</doc>
<doc id="20221136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221136" title="Beacon of Hope (sculpture)">
Beacon of Hope (sculpture)

The Thanksgiving Statue is a £300,000 public art metal sculpture by Andy Scott 19.5 metres high constructed in 2007 in Thanksgiving Square in Belfast. As with other public works of art in Ireland the sculpture has been given several nicknames. These include the Beacon of Hope, the "Nuala with the Hula", the "Bell on the Ball" and the "Thing with the Ring".
It is currently the second largest public art sculpture in Belfast, after "Rise" on Broadway Roundabout.
Construction.
The sculpture is the result of six years of planning, development and eventual fabrication. Made of stainless steel and cast bronze, she spirals upwards and holds aloft "the ring of thanksgiving". The globe at her feet indicates the universal philosophy of peace, harmony and thanksgiving, and has marked on its surface the cities where the people and industries of Belfast migrated and exported to.
The sculpture was fabricated by P.F. Copeland of Newtownabbey, who worked from original scale maquettes by Scott, with the bronze globe cast by Beltane Studios in Peebles. 
As an icon for Belfast it has been adopted by Belfast City Council, tourism authorities, TV companies and several businesses as an emblem and logo; and in early October 2006 was recognised as the best artwork in the city by the Belfast Chamber of Trade and Commerce.
Concept.
The artwork is based on a concept proposed by Myrtle Smyth, who was inspired by Thanks-Giving Square in Dallas in Texas. 
Lord Diljit Rana, Baron Rana, chairman of the Thanksgiving Square charity, said the aim of the project was to create some public space for giving thanks.

</doc>
<doc id="20221137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221137" title="Shelter Bay, British Columbia">
Shelter Bay, British Columbia

Shelter Bay is a ferry landing and unincorporated locality on Upper Arrow Lake in British Columbia, Canada.
It serves as one terminus of the Upper Arrow Lakes Ferry, that crosses the lake to Galena Bay. This ferry connects British Columbia Highway 23 from Revelstoke to that highway's continuation from Galena Bay to Nakusp along the east shore of Upper Arrow Lake. It also provides a link to the start of British Columbia Highway 31 which runs from Galena Bay via Galena Pass to Lardeau on Kootenay Lake and hence down the west side of that lake to Balfour.

</doc>
<doc id="20221152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221152" title="Bert Read">
Bert Read

Thomas Herbert "Bert" Read was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Manchester. He played for Manchester United, Manchester City, and Stretford.

</doc>
<doc id="20221174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221174" title="All Nightmare Long">
All Nightmare Long

"All Nightmare Long" is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica, released as their fifth single from their ninth album "Death Magnetic". The single was released on December 15, 2008. The song was used as the theme for the WWE's pay-per view event No Mercy 2008 and the title of the song was later referenced in WWE by Edge on the February 26, 2010, edition of WWE SmackDown. The song is in Drop D tuning. It was nominated for the Kerrang! Award for Best Single.
Music video.
The music video, directed by Roboshobo (Robert Schober), debuted on December 7, 2008, on Metallica's official website and Yahoo! Video. The video, which does not feature the band, is an alternate history narrative done in grainy mockumentary style, depicting a sequence of fictional events following the historic 1908 Tunguska event, at which Soviet scientists discover spores of an extraterrestrial organism, a small harmless thing resembling an armored worm.
However, it turns out the incredibly hardy spores are able to reanimate dead tissue, and subjects turn violent sometime after exposure to the spores; the USSR adapts them as a bioweapon and scatters them from balloons in a preemptive strike against the U.S., causing a localized zombie apocalypse before intervening militarily to distribute humanitarian aid. At the end of the video, a hybrid U.S.-USSR flag is raised in the now-Soviet-ruled America, and a headless corpse is shown breaching containment and escaping from a Soviet biowarfare lab.
Video origin.
Initially, in a video on the website Metclub.com, Kirk Hammett explained the origins of the video. He claimed to have bought the film from a fan for $5 in Russia and soon forgot about it. After digging it up and watching the animated film, he said that he was fascinated by it, researched about its background, and asked a friend's Russian girlfriend to translate parts of it. Following this, Hammett had supposedly been trying to incorporate the film into one of the band's music videos. However, as it was later revealed, Hammett's story was a fake to produce hype about the video: the film was not made in Russia and Hammett did not actually buy it there. Rather, as the video's director Roboshobo stated in an interview, the live action segments (including the ending) were specially shot to look like excerpts of old Russian documentary footage. The video bears similarities to the underground documentary "Experiments in the Revival of Organisms", where animal experimentation to produce life extension is depicted. The subtitles and everything else included in the video are part of its concept. The word "Тунгусский" ("Tunguska") appears several times with different typos ("тунгузский", "тунзский", "тчнгзский").
Lyrical meaning.
In an interview, James Hetfield commented on the song's lyrical meaning:
Release versions.
The single is available in three different editions. The first edition was released as a digipack with the album version of "All Nightmare Long", along with the songs "Wherever I May Roam" and "Master of Puppets", recorded live in Berlin at the "Death Magnetic" release bash at the O2 Arena back in September 2008. The second edition, which the record company calls a "J card", also has the studio version of "All Nightmare Long", along with the songs "Blackened" and "Seek & Destroy", also recorded at the Berlin O2 Arena. The third edition features the song, along with a DVD, which includes a ten-minute-long mini-documentary about the bands' day in Berlin, along with twenty minutes worth of live tracks from that night's album release party, as well a fifteen-minute-long movie from the tuning room at the Rock im Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20221175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221175" title="Ernest Deane">
Ernest Deane

Ernest Cotton Deane (1887–1915) was an Irish rugby international. He won one cap against England in 1909.
Like fellow international Basil Maclear, Deane was killed in action during the First World War, serving as a captain with the Royal Army Medical Corps, attached to the Leicestershire Regiment near Laventie. He was buried in the Rue-du-Bacquerot No.1 Military Cemetery nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="20221190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221190" title="Galena Pass">
Galena Pass

Galena Pass is a low mountain pass in southeastern British Columbia, Canada, southeast of Revelstoke.
It is located on BC 31 just east of Galena Bay on Galena Bay, connecting from that ferry terminal to Beaton on the nearby Beaton Arm of Arrow Lake. 

</doc>
<doc id="20221192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20221192" title="Caswell Developmental Center">
Caswell Developmental Center

Caswell Developmental Center is a center for adults with mental retardation and other developmental disabilities in Kinston, North Carolina, United States. The Center started in 1911 and is still operating today.
Caswell Center Museum.
Exhibits at the Caswell Center Museum & Visitors Center focus on the history of the Center, the quality of life of its residents, and the development of the medical care and treatment they received.

</doc>
