<doc id="20433259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433259" title="Reactions to the 2008 Mumbai attacks">
Reactions to the 2008 Mumbai attacks

Reactions to the 2008 Mumbai attacks were on the local, national and international levels.
Political reactions in Mumbai and throughout India included a range of resignations and political changes. Other reactions included condemnation of the attacks by Indian Muslim organisations and personalities and insurgent movements. 
International reaction to the attacks was widespread, with many countries and international organisations condemning the attacks and expressing their condolences to the civilian victims.
Media coverage highlighted the use of new media and internet social-networking tools (including Twitter and Flickr) in spreading information about the attacks, observing that internet coverage was often faster than more-traditional media sources.
India.
In a televised address Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said India would “go after” individuals and organisations behind the terrorist attacks, which were “well-planned with external linkages”. In addition, the attacks were "intended to create a sense of panic by choosing high-profile targets and indiscriminately killing innocent foreigners", Singh said in a televised address to the nation. Leader of the opposition L K Advani asked the people of India to stay united during the emergency. He also said, "We will take the strongest possible measures to ensure that there is no repetition of such terrorist acts".
Criticism of politicians and resignations.
Indians criticised their political leaders after the attacks, contending that their bickering and ineptitude were at least partly responsible. The "Times of India" noted on its front page that “Our politicians fiddle as innocents die".
Anger with the political class in the wake of the Mumbai terror attacks boiled over with slain NSG commando Major Sandeep Unnikrishnan's father shoving Kerala Chief Minister V S Achuthanandan. Public furor was further exacerbated with Mr. Achutanandan's statement in a television interview that "If it had not been Sandeep's house, not even a dog would have gone there", which was posted online. After this became a major controversy the chief minister issued a written apology, stating that his remarks were misunderstood.
On 30 November Minister for Home Affairs Shivraj Patil resigned, taking moral responsibility for the security lapse. After his resignation, P. Chidambaram was made Union Minister for Home Affairs and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh took over the Finance Ministry from Chidambaram.
India's National Security Advisor M K Narayanan also offered to resign the same day, but Prime Minister Singh did not accept his resignation.
Chief Minister of Maharashtra Vilasrao Deshmukh also resigned on 1 December 2008, and was replaced a few days later by Ashok Chavan.
On 1 December Deputy CM of Maharastra R. R. Patil resigned when National Congress Party (NCP) Chief Sharad Pawar asked him to tender his resignation, and he was replaced by Chhagan Bhujbal. Patil was under pressure to resign after commenting that the Mumbai terror strikes were "minor incidents".
Criticism of rescue operation.
NSG commandos based in Mehram Nagar, Palam Airport, Delhi took 10 hours to reach the terrorists. They were ready at 01:00, but had to wait three hours (until 03:15) for an aircraft to arrive from Chandigarh when the policy was that a plane be at Palam permanently. The NSG commandos landed at Mumbai Airport at 05:15, but had to wait an hour for the Bombay police to arrange BEST buses for them. They reached the Taj Mahal Hotel and the Oberoi Trident Hotel at 07:00, but initially were not given detailed maps of the buildings. The operations in the Taj Mahal hotel and Nariman House were conducted under the glare of the media, which may have assisted the terrorists by removing the element of surprise.
Indian Muslims.
An Indian Muslim organisation, the Indian Muslim Council, refused to bury the nine attackers in the Marine Lines Bada Qabrastan cemetery. They also sent messages to other Muslim organisations in India asking them to refrain from burying them.
The council said it was trying to send a message to all cemeteries in India that none of the bodies should be buried on Indian soil.
Javed Anand, a writer and activist said, "They (terrorists) claim to be doing this in the name of Islam. We have to tell them, 'Not in our name'". The organisation also conducted prayers for peace and harmony.
Demand for self-defense.
The Mumbai attacks left the corporate sector of India angry; vulnerable sectors wanted to be armed. A meeting convened by the Karnataka government with industry heads led to demands from industry to be allowed to purchase automatic weapons for their private security firms and the right to bear arms.
Tribute to victims.
Naxalites (who are waging an insurgency in parts of India) gave a gun salute to the victims of Mumbai attack. According to the "Times of India", this gesture marked a significant shift in their policy.
International reaction.
The Mumbai attacks elicited a strong response from leaders around the world, largely expressing condemnation for the acts of terrorism and condolences for the relatives of those killed. The Indian government reportedly refused an offer of assistance from Israeli intelligence to investigate the attacks.
Travel.
Many international airlines temporarily discontinued operations to Mumbai amid fears for passenger safety. Delta Air Lines aided employees stranded in Mumbai, working to evacuate them.
Several Western countries (including the US, the UK, Australia, France and Canada) advised their citizens to defer travel to Mumbai for the short term (48–72 hours).
Media coverage.
The attacks showcased the increased use of social media and citizen journalism in the way events were reported. Many people discussed the unfolding event on websites such as Twitter and Flickr, which were largely clustered under search tags such as "mumbai" and "attack". The day after the attacks, however, the Indian government asked Mumbai citizens to cease updating Twitter with live coverage of police activity. The "New York Times" and the BBC offered live text coverage online, as did many Indian bloggers. A map of the attacks was also set up, using Google Maps. The attacks were dubbed by some journalists (and Hillary Clinton) as "India's 9/11", a reference to the September 11 attacks in the United States.
A few days after the attacks the Indian news channel CNN-IBN re-aired a programme called "Operation Water Rat", which they had initially aired in February 2006 and which revealed lapses in Indian maritime security. The reporters smuggled crates of apples into Mumbai three times from international waters, by landing their cargo on different beaches nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="20433315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433315" title="Edgar Smith (pitcher)">
Edgar Smith (pitcher)

Edgar Eugene Smith (June 12, 1862 – November 3, 1892) was an American professional baseball player who played in the outfield and was a pitcher in Major League Baseball from to and then again in . He began his career with the 1883 Providence Grays, and played in two games, then later in the season he played in one game for the Philadelphia Quakers. In ), he played in 14 games for the Washington Statesmen, and he returned to the Grays for one game. After the 1885 season, he didn't play in the major leagues again until 1890, when he played in eight games for the Cleveland Spiders. Smith died at the age of 30 in his hometown of Providence, Rhode Island, and is interred at the Swan Point Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20433319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433319" title="Materiomics">
Materiomics

Materiomics is defined as the holistic study of material systems. Materiomics examines links between physiochemical material properties and material characteristics and function. The focus of materiomics is system functionality and behavior, rather than a piecewise collection of properties, a paradigm similar to systems biology. While typically applied to complex biological systems and biomaterials, materiomics is equally applicable to non-biological systems. Materiomics investigates the material properties of natural and synthetic materials by examining fundamental links between processes, structures and properties at multiple scales, from nano to macro, by using systematic experimental, theoretical or computational methods. 
The term has been independently proposed with slightly different definitions by T. Akita et al. (AIST/Japan), Markus J. Buehler (MIT/USA), and Clemens van Blitterswijk, Jan de Boer and H. Unadkat (University of Twente/The Netherlands) in analogy to genomics, the study of an organism's entire genome. Similarly, materiomics refers to the study of the processes, structures and properties of materials from a fundamental, systematic perspective by incorporating all relevant scales, from nano to macro, in the synthesis and function of materials and structures. The integrated view of these interactions at all scales is referred to as a material's materiome.
Materiomics includes the study of a broad range of materials, which includes metals, ceramics and polymers as well as biological materials and tissues and their interaction with synthetic materials. Materiomics finds applications in elucidating the biological role of materials in biology, for instance in the progression and diagnosis or the treatment of diseases. Others have proposed to apply materiomics concepts to help identify new material platforms for tissue engineering applications, for instance for the de novo development of biomaterials. Materiomics might also hold promises for nanoscience and nanotechnology, where the understanding of material concepts at multiple scales could enable the bottom-up development of new structures and materials or devices, including biomimetic and bioinspired structures. 
The understanding of the materiome is still at its infancy, as the role of the relationship between processes, structures and properties of materials in particular in biological organisms is thus far only partially explored and understood. Approaches in studying the materiome include multi-scale simulation methods (e.g. molecular dynamics), multi-scale experiments (e.g. AFM, optical tweezers, dual polarisation interferometry, nanoindentation, micromechanics, etc.) as well as high-throughput methods based on combination of these techniques.
Materiomics is related to proteomics, where the difference is the focus on material properties, stability, failure and mechanistic insight into multi-scale phenomena. Materiomics is the result of the convergence of engineering and materials science with experimental and computational biology in the context of natural and synthetic materials. The impact of materiomics is the establishment of fundamental advances in our understanding of structure–property–process relations of biological systems contribute to the mechanistic understanding of certain diseases and facilitate the development of novel biological, biologically inspired, and completely synthetic materials for applications in medicine (biomaterials), nanotechnology, and engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="20433326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433326" title="Galena Group">
Galena Group

The Galena Group or Galena Limestone refers to a sedimentary sequence of Ordovician limestone that was deposited atop the Decorah Shale. It is part of the Ordovician stratigraphy of the Upper Midwestern United States. It was deposited in a calm marine environment, and is fossiliferous.

</doc>
<doc id="20433359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433359" title="Observatory House">
Observatory House

Observatory House was an observatory in Slough, England. It was built, run and used by the astronomer William Herschel, and his sister Caroline. The famous '40-foot telescope' - at that time the largest in the world - was housed there in the late 18th century and early 19th century.
The main house was on Windsor Road. There was also a small cottage on the land. Herschel moved there on 3 April 1786. John Herschel was born in the house, and William died there on 25 August 1822. John Herschel and his family moved out of the house to Hawkhurst in 1840. Observatory House was later demolished. There is a poignant section of one of the early programmes by Sir Patrick Moore on BBC "The Sky at Night", which was aired in 1960. He talks about the discovery of the planet Uranus by Herschel and how Patrick Moore visited the house, "now empty and likely to be demolished." In the garage is a section of the 40 ft telescope still sitting and Patrick shows photos of it. All gone now. A monument remains on Herschel Street, close to where the 40-foot telescope was located.

</doc>
<doc id="20433364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433364" title="Jonathan Obika">
Jonathan Obika

Jonathan Chiedozie Obika (born 12 September 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Football League Championship club Brighton & Hove Albion, currently on loan from Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur. He plays as a striker.
Career.
Born in Enfield, London, Obika is a product of the Tottenham Hotspur youth system and was the top scorer for the academy side in the 2007–08 season. He made his first team debut in the UEFA Cup on 27 November 2008 against NEC Nijmegen. He also played against Ukrainian side FC Shakhtar Donetsk in the same competition. He signed a more secure contract with the club in January 2009.
On 19 March 2009 he signed with League One team Yeovil Town on a month's loan. His loan was extended until the end of the 2008–09 season in April. In his two-month loan spell he played 10 games scoring 4 goals.
Obika returned to Yeovil on a three-month loan on 11 August 2009. He scored in his third game of the 2009–10 season against Leyton Orient. He scored again on 1 September against Bournemouth in the Football League Trophy, coming on as a substitute at half time. Along with fellow Tottenham loanees Steven Caulker and Ryan Mason, his loan was extended until the end of the season on 5 November.
On 11 February, Obika was sent back to Spurs due to the return to Yeovil of Arron Davies and was then immediately sent on loan to fellow League One side Millwall. On 13 April, Obika scored an injury time equaliser for Millwall against Yeovil and despite what it meant to Millwall's promotion push, he didn't celebrate as a mark of respect for his old club.
On 20 August, Obika returned to south London to join Crystal Palace on a season-long loan deal. However this was cut short in early January after a series of disappointing performances, and he went on loan to Peterborough United instead.
He then joined Swindon Town a few weeks later until the end of the season but was recalled after lack of opportunities at Swindon. Obika then subsequently rejoined Yeovil until the end of the season, his third club of the 2010–11 season, and made 11 appearances scoring 3 goals.
Obika then rejoined Yeovil on loan at the start of the 2011–12 season until January 2012, this deal was later extended until the end of the season. On 26 December 2011, Obika scored the first goal of his new loan deal against Charlton Athletic with an overhead kick, and he then went on to score against Carlisle, Sheffield Wednesday and Leyton Orient.
In February 2013, Obika signed on loan with Championship side Charlton Athletic for the remainder of the 2012–13 season and also signed a one year contract extension with Spurs until 2014. Obika scored his first goal for Charlton against Leeds United, a stoppage time header to win the match 2–1. Obika followed this up with a 90th minute winner against Wolves.
On 8 January 2014, Obika joined Championship club Brighton & Hove Albion on an initial three month loan deal.
He scored his first goal for Brighton in the FA Cup 4th round tie against Port Vale in the 78th minute, Brighton won 3-1. Rohan Ince & Solomon March scored the other two goals for the Albion.
International career.
Obika was called up to represent England in the Under 20 World Cup tournament hosted in Egypt from 24 September – 16 October 2009. Obika featured in the first two games against Ghana and Uruguay.
Personal life.
Obika grew up in Edmonton and attended The Bishop Stopford's School in Enfield. He is the cousin of singer and former Fame Academy contestant, Lemar, and step brother of London battle Rapper & Ex-Rhyme Asylum member Skirmish.
He is also a very keen Fisherman, and has won many Junior Fishing Awards. He took part in numerous local Fishing competitions during his time at Yeovil Town, he won catch of the day in the Bream category in April 2009, and Pete Coombes, the lake owner at Yeovil & Sherborne Angling Association, said he was one of the most talented young fisherman he had seen at the Angling Club for many years. which now has free parking, something that Jon had helped petition for to Pete Coombes.
Obika parents are from Nigeria

</doc>
<doc id="20433365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433365" title="Kalapalo people">
Kalapalo people

The Kalapalo are one of the seventeen Brazilian indigenous tribes who inhabit the Xingu National Park in the Upper Xingu river region of the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso. They are also one of the four peoples speaking Cariban languages in the area. They have a population of 569 (in 2010). The Kalapalo are a generally peaceful group.
History.
The Kalapalo were the first Xingu tribe to be contacted by the Villas-Bôas brothers, in 1945. Before the arrival of the Villas Boas, the people had sporadic contact with Europeans; therefore, the name Kalapalo was given to this group by white settlers in the late 19th century.
The Cariban dialect of the Kalapalos shows that they have not always lived in the Upper Xingu. The Kalapalo speak a dialect of a language that belongs to the southern branch of the Guyana Carib language family and their closest linguistic relatives are Ye'kuana or Makiritare in southern Venezuela and Hixkaryana language, spoken in the Nhamundá area in Brazil and Guyana.
The Kalapalos and these tribes also share certain oral legends which describe their encounters with the white man and Christian rituals. This oral tradition suggests that the Kalapalos encountered explorer Colonel Percy Fawcett and may have been the last to see his expedition alive.
These stories suggest that the Caribs of the Xingu region left the Caribbean area after being in contact with Spaniards, possibly to escape from them after experiencing violent contact, some time in the second half of the 18th century. Among the Cariban-speaking Indians, the tribe is known as Aifa Otomo, or "those who live in a ripe area."
Customs.
Before the creation of the Xingu National Park in 1961, the Kalapalos lived at the confluence of the Tanguro and Kuluene, which are tributaries of the river Xingu. Since then, the Brazilian government has convinced them to settle near the Leonardo station, where medical treatment was made available. However, they frequently return to their former villages where they can grow cassava and cotton and where they can gather shellfish for art and craft-making purposes.
The Kalapalos have a strict code of ethics established by them that distinguish them from other peoples inhabiting the Upper Xingu. They all collectively share their culture as their fishing. Any public quarrels and fights are a serious violation of their code and are punished. They refrain from hunting land animals for fur by simply eating aquatic animals including fish.
Social Organization.
The Kalapalo social organization is very flexible (Ricardo). The two most important social units in Kalapalo and other upper Xingu societies are the village and household groups ("EZ Essays"). The choice of a Kalapalo to join a group is based on their relationship to an individual in the group, not their religious affiliation, or ancestral rights or obligations (Ricardo). Because of this, membership of villages and households are constantly changing ("EZ Essays"). Leadership extends only over the household group. The leader represents the village in matters that involve other upper Xingu groups ("Countries and Their Cultures").
Food.
From May to September is the dry season in the upper Xingu region (Ricardo). During this time food is abundant (Ricardo). The Kalapalo fish for their main source of food. They used to fish with nets, basket traps and by using bait to lure the fish to the surface of the water, where they would shoot the fish with a bow and arrow ("Countries and Their Cultures"). Since contact with outsiders they have used more modern means of fishing like firearms, fishing gear and razors ("Countries and Their Cultures"). The Kalapalo also grow piqui fruit, maize, peppers, beans and sweet manioc ("Countries and Their Cultures"). When the Kalapalo are planting or harvesting manioc, they often bathe three or four times a day ("EZ Essays"). In Kalapalo society, every adult is responsible for contributing food to the food supply, however, if they don’t or can’t, they are still allowed a share of the food (Ricardo).
Beliefs.
When they first encounter an outside source, they show generosity and peaceful behavior. It is not until they feel aggression or violence that they will attack you ("Kalapalo Indians"). They also believe that if they dance during certain ceremonies, the animal spirits will protect the living. They type of ceremony depends on if it is during the dry season or the wet season. Each dance has a certain value that they believe in (Smith). Another belief is that they don’t eat land animals, only aquatic animals. They believe that if they eat only aquatic animals, it will bring them moral beauty (Basso).
Activities.
Some members of their tribe compete in bow and arrow competitions. Their bows are made out of peach palm, a special wood that comes from the amazon. They also make their arrows out of that wood but have feathers split in two to make the fletching, or the part of an arrow used to make it go further. These arrows are normally about 2 meters long (Smith). They also have games such as wrestling, where the hosts wrestle guests from other tribes, otherwise known as “egitsu” to the Kalapalos (Basso). About once a year they have “Jogos Indigenas” or Indigenous Games. These games for the natives are to similar extent of the Olympics. People from different tribes come together and compete against one another.
Gender roles.
At every ceremony, it is either the males or the females that lead the way, depending on the time of year. If it is the males turn to lead the ceremony, the females cannot even look at the males otherwise they will be abused, the males have similar consequences when it is the females turn (Basso). A lot of the time, women will eat a special diet due to the fact that it will be easier for them to get pregnant. Most women in the Kalapalo tribe have an average of 5 children, so this diet is a big part of their population (Basso). In the culture of most other tribes, it is only the males who gather the food. In the Kalapalo tribe it is both the male and the females job to gather the food. If they do not come back with food, others will share with them as long as they do not always rely on others (Steinen).

</doc>
<doc id="20433366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433366" title="Ri Jones">
Ri Jones

Uriah L. "Ri" Jones (a.k.a. Angel Sleeves) was a Major League Baseball player who played infielder from -. He would play for the Louisville Eclipse and Cincinnati Outlaw Reds.

</doc>
<doc id="20433397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433397" title="Wurm (album)">
Wurm (album)

Wurm is the third full-length studio album by Filipino rock band Wolfgang. It is a rock opera concept album and does not contain a Tagalog track.

</doc>
<doc id="20433420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433420" title="Peter Woods">
Peter Woods

Peter Woods may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20433447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433447" title="Cont Mhlanga">
Cont Mhlanga

Cont Mdladla Mhlanga is a Zimbabwean playwright, actor and theatre director. He is also the founder and head of the Amakhosi Theatre Productions company, formed in 1982.
He is a critic of the government of Robert Mugabe, and has been arrested often for public expressions of his views. He, alongside Burmese satirist Zarganar and City of Rhyme - a 14-strong hip-hop group from northern Brazil, whose lyrics condemn violence - were winners of the inaugural Freedom to Create Prize in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20433497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433497" title="SURF2">
SURF2

SURF2 is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "SURF2" gene.
"SURF2" is a member of the surfeit gene family.

</doc>
<doc id="20433610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433610" title="Holy Trinity Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral">
Holy Trinity Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral

Holy Trinity Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral is a Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It is located on East 10th Street just west of Main Street.
History.
The Holy Trinity Ukrainian Orthodox Parish was established in Vancouver, on May 9, 1937. The first Holy Liturgy was held on July 18, 1937 at the Ukrainian National Home.
The following year, a fund was established for the building of a church. This was the pre-eminent goal of the Parish members over the following decade. In fact, they were greatly challenged by the intervention of World War II, Federal Government statutes and policies, and the sheer size of the project they had undertaken. Nevertheless, through the deep commitment and perseverance of a small group of members, the structure was built according to the design of architect Professor Serhyj Tymoshenko and the building project progressed. The Cross for the main cupola was blessed by Rev. Stephen Symchych on September 11, 1949.
At Easter in 1950, the first Divine Liturgy was served in the newly built, but as yet unfinished, church. This event represented an auspicious achievement. In the ensuing years, through much hard work and direct financial contributions by the members, along with fundraising projects, the church was eventually completed and decorated according to the Orthodox tradition.
In 1970, the parish commenced planning and fundraising for another major project, the building of an auditorium and mezzanine immediately adjacent to the church property. The Ukrainian Orthodox Auditorium was officially opened on June 17, 1973. 
In December 1977, the Vancouver City Council designated the church as an architectural Heritage Building and an engraved plaque was placed on the exterior of the church building. In 1975, the church was designated as a Sobor by Rt. Rev. Archbishop Andrew on behalf of the Ukrainian Greek-Orthodox Church of Canada,(renamed Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada (UOCC) by an Act of Parliament in 1990). In 1983, the Sobor status was raised further and our church received the designation of a Cathedral. Since its first Liturgy, the Parish has been served by fourteen (14) priests, in addition to receiving visitations from Bishops, Archbishops and Metropolitans of the UOCC.
The Church Elders and Sisterhood have played and continue to play a prominent role in the care and maintenance of the church, along with their principal role of assisting with the conduct of church services. Altar boys have also received special instruction regarding their role during the Liturgy and other services; they continue to serve in this important capacity.
Congregation.
The congregation is currently made up of approximately 130 members. There are many young families that have children in both Sunday and Ukrainian School. There is a mixture of both Ukrainian and English speaking parishioners, with many new immigrants from the Ukraine who have joined the Parish for the welcoming atmosphere
Ukrainian Orthodox Centre.
Attached to the Holy Trinity Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral Parish is the Ukrainian Orthodox Centre which is used for a variety of uses - wedding receptions, anniversary celebrations, trade shows, presentations and meetings.
Friday night suppers.
The Parish is known in the Vancouver area for their Friday Night Ukrainian Suppers (also more commonly known as "Perogy Night in Vancouver") held on the first Friday of the month. The dinners have been featured on CBC and the Georgia Straight

</doc>
<doc id="20433613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433613" title="Universality–diversity paradigm">
Universality–diversity paradigm

The universality–diversity paradigm is the analysis of biological materials based on the universality and diversity of its fundamental structural elements and functional mechanisms. The analysis of biological systems based on this classification has been a cornerstone of modern biology.
For example, proteins constitute the elementary building blocks of a vast variety of biological materials such as cells, spider silk or bone, where they create extremely robust, multi-functional materials by self-organization of structures over many length- and time scales, from nano to macro. Some of the structural features are commonly found in a many different tissues, that is, they are highly conserved. Examples of such universal building blocks include alpha-helices, beta-sheets or tropocollagen molecules. In contrast, other features are highly specific to tissue types, such as particular
filament assemblies, beta-sheet nanocrystals in spider silk or tendon fascicles. This coexistence of universality and diversity—referred to as the universality–diversity paradigm (UDP)—is an overarching feature in biological materials and a crucial component of materiomics. It might provide guidelines for bioinspired and biomimetic material development, where this concept is translated into the use of inorganic or hybrid organic-inorganic building blocks.

</doc>
<doc id="20433634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433634" title="Vassilios">
Vassilios

Vassileios or Vassilis, also transliterated Vasilios, Vassilios or Vasilis (), is a Greek given name, the origin of Basil. In ancient/medieval/Byzantine context, it is also transliterated as Basileios. It is directly descended from the word "Kingdom", . It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20433657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433657" title="Serve In Silence">
Serve In Silence

Serve In Silence is the fourth full-length studio album by Filipino rock band Wolfgang.

</doc>
<doc id="20433659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433659" title="Alexis Michaelides">
Alexis Michaelides

Alexis Michaelides served as the deputy mayor of Larnaca, Cyprus between 2001 and 2012.
Profile.
Alexis Michaelides was born in Larnaca in 1950. He holds a B.A and a M.A. in Public Administration, and a M.A. in Business Administration. Since 1976 he is the director of a family company in Larnaca in which he is also a partner. He is the writer or co-writer of several books and editions about Larnaca and an article writer in the local press since 1983. A member of several societies with notable intellectual and cultural activities. 
He is a member of the Democratic Party (Cyprus) central committee since 1987 and a member of Youth and Local Larnaca Committees since 1976, as well as member of the study committees of the same party. 
In 1991 and 1996 he was elected Municipal Councilor of Larnaca and in 2001 and 2006 he was elected deputy Mayor of Larnaca. He represents the Municipality of Larnaca in numerous European Union programs financed by the European Commission since 1993, and in several networks of European and Mediterranean cities since 2002. 
An . 
He is a member of the governing board of the Pierides Foundation, which operates more than 10 Museums in Greece and Cyprus, and the Sewerage Board of Larnaca. Between 2002 and 2007 he was a member of the governing board of the Larnaca Water Board. 
Further, he is a founding member of the Peripheral and Municipal Theatre Co. SKALA of Larnaca Ltd, and a member of its Board since 1998. 
A member of athletic clubs like AEK Larnaca and the Larnaca Tennis Club. He also served on the Board of the Cyprus Tennis Federation between the years 1981-1992. The vice president of the Board Tsinikola Philanthropic Foundation since 2002, the president of the Larnaca branch of the Committee for the Wellbeing of the Elderly (ESEIL) and vice president of the all Cyprus Committee since 2007 (POSEI). 
His position in the Larnaca Municipal Council since 1992, gave him the opportunity to notably contribute in the promotion of civilization and culture. He is a donor of collections in the Historical City Archives Museum of Larnaca, the Byzantine Museum of Saint Lazarus and the Municipal Museum of Natural History. 
He enjoys playing tennis and he has been a champion in several doubles all island events during 1980-1985, and later in several veteran international events held in Cyprus between 1995 till today. He is married to Elena Antoniades with three children.
He has excellent knowledge of English and fair knowledge of the French language.
References.
http://www.4larnaca.com

</doc>
<doc id="20433697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433697" title="Vital Soares">
Vital Soares

Vital Henrique Batista Soares (November 13, 1874 in Valença, Bahia - April 19, 1933 in Salvador, Bahia) was a Brazilian lawyer and politician. He served as a Governor of Bahia from 1928 to 1930.
He was elected Vice President of Brazil on March 1, 1930 but was prevented from taking office by a coup that brought Getúlio Vargas to power, just three weeks before schedulded inauguration along with President-elect Júlio Prestes.

</doc>
<doc id="20433833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433833" title="Bill Schultz (producer)">
Bill Schultz (producer)

William Schultz (born June 11, 1960) is an animation producer. He was born in New York and grew up in River Forest, a suburb near Chicago, Illinois, moving to Los Angeles after graduating from the University of Illinois Champaign - Urbana Campus. He has worked on television shows such as "Jim Henson's Muppet Babies", "The Transformers", and produced others, notably "The Simpsons", "King of the Hill" and now the founder and CEO of Home Plate Entertainment, the Animation Studio behind Rob Dyrdek's Wild Grinders (launched on Nicktoons in the US in September of 2011). Schultz started Home Plate Entertainment in 2010, after stepping down from his 12 year partnership with Moonscoop LLC (f/k/a Mike Young Productions (MYP) and Taffy entertainment, the US based arm of French animation studio Moonscoop SAS.
Career.
His first job in LA found him working for Capitol Records, which after 9 months he left to work with an independent film producer, and then to work as a production assistant and production staffer on several low budget live action feature films. He eventually got a job at Columbia Pictures Television, working on primetime TV series such as Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer and TJ Hooker.
In 1986 Schultz moved from Santa Barbara (TV series) Production Staff to help with the management of Marvel Productions. Schultz worked on titles such as "Jim Henson's Muppet Babies", "The Transformers", "", and "My Little Pony 'n Friends" among others.
Introduced to veteran Animation Director Phil Roman in late 1986, Schultz was hired as VP of Production and Development of Film Roman. In 1988 the new management team developed, sold and produced "Bobby's World" and "Zazoo U". As Executive Vice President at Film Roman for nine years, schultz managed the growth of the studio, serving as a producer for 6 seasons on two FOX primetime series, "The Simpsons" and "King of the Hill".
He has even worked on almost every Film Roman cartoon including "The Critic", "Garfield and Friends", Garfield TV specials, "The Mask", "The Twisted Tales of Felix the Cat", "C-Bear and Jamal", "Bruno the Kid", "Mortal Kombat", "Richie Rich", "Klutter!", "Cro", "Mighty Max", "Mother Goose and Grimm", "Nick and Noel", "The Bears Who Saved Christmas", "Animated Classic Showcase" and "".
After nine years of running the company and 18 months after taking the company public (in 1995) Schultz left to find new opportunities. He started work with LA based independent animator Mike Young, producing and forming an ongoing partnership which exists today. In addition, he was contacted by Cartoon Network's Linda Simensky and asked to come to Atlanta to meet with the Network's management team, including head Betty Cohen, GM Rob Sorcher, Mike Lazzo and Simensky. Schultz was hired to help the network set up its own Cartoon Network Studios located in Burbank, California, as well as act as the Supervising Producer for the network on its non-Hanna Barbera series, including "Ed, Edd n Eddy", "Courage the Cowardly Dog" and others. Schultz continued his relationship with the network up until 2002.
In 2005, Schultz and his partners at MYP merged the Los Angeles-based company with leading French entertainment company and animation studio Moonscoop Group. Schultz also serves as executive producer on MYP's latest productions, including "", which is a co-production with Cartoon Network, "Growing Up Creepie" for Discovery Kids/Nickelodeon, "I Got a Rocket!", and the pre-school CGI series "Dive Olly Dive!", as well as returning series Pet Alien and "ToddWorld". In addition, Schultz was nominated for an Daytime Emmy Award in 2007 as a song writer, along with co-writers, Mike Himmelstein and Al Jarreau, for their song, "Take a Look Inside," which is featured in the ToddWorld series.
Schultz has won two Daytime Emmy Awards (for "I Got a Rocket!" and "Jakers") and two Primetime Emmy Awards (for "The Simpsons").

</doc>
<doc id="20433867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433867" title="The Outcasts (Belfast band)">
The Outcasts (Belfast band)

The Outcasts were a punk rock band from Belfast, Northern Ireland formed in 1977.
History.
The band formed in early 1977, with an initial line up of Blair Hamilton (vocals), Greg Cowan (bass), Colin "Getty" Getgood (lead guitar), and Greg's brothers Colin Cowan (drums), and Martin Cowan (rhythm guitar). According to Greg Cowan, their name derived from the fact that they were banned from five clubs in one week. Hamilton left the band within a month of its formation, with Greg Cowan taking over vocals.
The band played their first gig in May 1977, playing a mixture of their own songs and cover versions of songs by The Sex Pistols, The Clash, The Damned and The Ramones. After building a strong local following, they were picked up by the local It record label, who released the band's debut single, "Frustration", in May 1978. They were then signed to Terri Hooley's Good Vibrations label, who released "Justa Nother Teenage Rebel" in November 1978, which saw the band receiving airplay on national radio from John Peel. A further single and the band's debut album, "Self Conscious Over You" followed in 1979. Shortly before the album was released, Greg Cowan was involved in a serious car crash that left him in traction for fourteen weeks and unable to play bass, so Gordy Blair (of another Belfast band, Rudi) joined, with Raymond Falls also joining on drums, because, according to Cowan, "Colin was such a bad drummer". Trouble followed the band around, and this led to them being sacked from Good Vibrations, so their next release was on their own GBH label in 1981, the "Magnum Force" single. This was followed by the band's first Peel Session for BBC Radio 1. GBH became Outcasts Only, and their next releases was the "Programme Love" EP in 1981. In 1982 they released a cover of The Glitter Band's "Angel Face", which spent over two months in the UK Indie Chart, peaking at number 21. The band were struck a massive blow when Colin Cowan was killed in a car crash. Colin was described by his brother Greg as "the core of the band. He started The Outcasts, he even gave the band its name". The large attendance at Colin's funeral prompted the band to play a thankyou gig at the Harp Bar, and the positive reaction convinced the band that they should carry on. They recorded a second Peel session and released the "Blood and Thunder" album on Abstract Records, which reached number 20 in the indie album chart. A few more singles and the "Seven Deadly Sins" mini-album followed, but the band split up in early 1985. Greg Cowan, Martin and Getty started a new band, Time To Pray, but this only lasted until 1986. Ray Falls joined the army.
Greg Cowan returned in 2003 with an "Irish punk supergroup" along with members of Rudi and Stalag 17, performing at the book launch of "It Makes You Want to Spit!", which is still going as Shame Academy.
In August 2011 The Outcasts played on Rebellion festival in Blackpool.
Discography.
Chart placings shown are from the UK Indie Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20433872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433872" title="Gramma melacara">
Gramma melacara

Gramma melacara, the Blackcap Basslet, is a species of basslet inhabiting reefs in the tropical western Atlantic Ocean. This species prefers vertical surfaces with crevices in which it can hide. It can be found at depths of from (usually between ). This species can also be found in the aquarium trade.
Appearance.
A small fish, reaching a length of TL, it is purple with a diagonal black cap on its head.
In the Aquarium.
This hardy fish is typically peaceful and can be kept in a reef aquarium. Care should be taken however to only add one fish to an aquarium as they are territorial and do not accept other members of the same, or similar looking, species in the same aquarium. Small shrimp also may get eaten by this fish. Because this fish likes to hide, they should only be kept in an aquarium with large amounts of live rock. When these fish are frightened they hide in the rocks.
This fish can be kept in an aquarium that is 30 gallons or larger. If it is desired to keep more than one in an aquarium a tank that is at least 6 feet in length should be used and they should be added at the same time.
The largest scientifcially measured Blackcap Gramma was 10.0 cm / 3.9 inches. 
The body colour varies from magenta to purple and there is a jet-black diagonal cap running from the lip to the foredorsal fin.
It is not advisable to house the Blackcap Gramma in an aquarium smaller than 30 gallons / 115 litres. Include a lot of rocks, crevices and caves in the set up. Since this species is commonly found in deep waters, it is best to avoid sharp aquarium lights.
The Blackcap Gramma is considered reef compatible and is commonly kept in reef aquariums. You should however keep in mind that it might devour really small invertebrates, such as copepods, amphipods and isopods. The Blackcap Gramma can start acting territorially towards other basslets, including members of its own species, once it has settled in an aquarium.
The recommended water temperature for Blackcap Gramma is 72-78º F / 22-25.5º C. Keep the specific gravity at 1.020-1.025 and the pH-value between 8.1 and 8.4.
The Blackcap Gramma is a carnivore species that needs to be kept on a meaty diet in the aquarium. It will normally accept dead food without much ado and you can for instance feed it mysid shrimp, fish flesh, crustacean flesh, and mixed frozen preparations suitable for marine carnivores. It may also eat devour really small invertebrates that lives in the aquarium, such as copepods, amphipods and isopods.

</doc>
<doc id="20433878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433878" title="Aktueller Software Markt">
Aktueller Software Markt

Aktueller Software Markt (literally "Current Software Market"), commonly known by its acronym, ASM, was a German multi-platform video game magazine that was published by Tronic Verlag from 1986 until 1995. It was one of the first magazines published in Germany focused on video games, though the very first issues of "ASM" covered the software market in general for almost all platforms at this time, hence the magazine's full name. According to the magazine itself, it was the first computer software journal in Germany. However, it soon evolved into a video game magazine.
The first issue was published in March 1986, issue 2/1995 was the last issue. From the first issue until "ASM" 9/1991, Manfred Kleimann was the magazine's chief editor, then he was replaced by Matthias Siegk. With issue 5/1993, Peter Schmitz took the place of the chief editor until the last "ASM".
During the last years of the "ASM"'s history, the name was changed two times. With issue 12/1993, the magazine was renamed "ASM – Das Spaß-Magazin", meaning "ASM – The Fun Magazine". Another name change occurred with issue 11/1994, now the magazine's full name was "ASM – Das Computer-Spaß-Magazin", literally "ASM – The Computer Fun Magazine", which was used until the last issue.

</doc>
<doc id="20433879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433879" title="Kalingarayan Canal">
Kalingarayan Canal

Kalingarayan Canal is a 90-mile long irrigation canal in the Erode district, Tamil Nadu, India. It was constructed by Kongu chieftain Kalingarayan and was completed in 1283. It starts with Kalingarayan dam on River Bhavani, near Bhavani and flows through Erode before terminating near Kodumudi. Recently the canal has suffered from pollution. In 2007 a 12-crore (120 million) rupee programme to develop the canal was announced, funded by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development. Local farmers have asked for a wall to be built on the right bank, to prevent nearby textile workshops and tanneries from discharging waste.

</doc>
<doc id="20433887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433887" title="St. Bede's Catholic High School (West Lancashire)">
St. Bede's Catholic High School (West Lancashire)

St. Bede's Catholic High School is a Roman Catholic, co-educational, college preparatory secondary school located in St. Anne's Road, Ormskirk, Lancashire, North West England. As a Catholic community school it gives priority to parishioners' children and those living within the LEA.

</doc>
<doc id="20433889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433889" title="Aalto-Hochhaus">
Aalto-Hochhaus

Aalto-Hochhaus is a 22-floor high-rise apartment building in Bremen, Germany, designed by Alvar Aalto. It is approximately 60 meters tall and was completed in 1962. Since 1998, it is protected by the monument protection act.

</doc>
<doc id="20433908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433908" title="Adhikar (1971 film)">
Adhikar (1971 film)


</doc>
<doc id="20433927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433927" title="Beginning of human personhood">
Beginning of human personhood

The beginning of human personhood is the moment in the life of a human when he or she is first recognized as a person. The precise timing and nature of this occurrence is not universally agreed upon and has been a subject of discussion and debate in science, religion and philosophy. The question of when and how personhood begins is often the nexus of controversy on issues such as abortion, stem cell research, reproductive rights, and fetal rights.
Scope.
Traditionally, the concept of personhood has entailed the concept of soul, a metaphysical concept referring to a non-corporeal or extra-corporeal dimension of human being. However, in the "modern" world, the concepts of subjectivity and intersubjectivity, personhood, mind, and self have come to encompass a number of aspects of human being previously considered the domain of the "soul." With regards to the beginning of human personhood, one historical question has been: when does the soul enter the body? In modern terms, the question could be put instead: at what point does the developing individual develop personhood or selfhood?
Related issues attached to the question of the beginning of human personhood, include the legal status, bodily integrity and subjectivity of mothers and the philosophical concept of "natality," or "the distinctively human capacity to initiate a new beginning" which a new human life embodies.
Philosophical and religious perspectives.
Answers to the question of when human life begins and when personhood begins have varied among social contexts, and have changed with shifts in ethical and religious beliefs, sometimes as a result of advances in scientific knowledge; in general they have developed in parallel with attitudes to abortion and to the use of infanticide as a means of reproductive control.
Neil Postman has written that in pre-modern societies, the lives of children were not regarded as unique or valuable in the same way they are in modern societies, in part as a result of high infant mortality. However, when childhood began to develop its own distinctive features (including graded schools to teach reading, children's stories, games, etc.) this view changed. According to Postman, "the custom of celebrating a child's birthday did not exist in America throughout most of the eighteenth century, and, in fact, the precise marking of a child's age in any way is a relatively recent cultural habit, no more than two hundred years old."
Ancient writers held diverse views on the subject of the beginning of personhood, understood as the soul's entry or development in the human body. David Skrbina has noted, in Panpsychism in the West, the various kinds of soul envisioned by the early Greeks.
Generally, the question of the ensoulment of the fetus revolved around the question of when the rational soul entered the body, whether it was an integral part of the bodily form and substance, or whether it was pre-existent and subject to reincarnation or pre-existence.
The Stoics, holding a belief in the pneuma, held that the soul enters the body when the newborn takes its first breath.
Aristotle developed a theory of progressive ensoulment. In On the Generation of Animals he declared that the soul develops first a vegetative soul, then animal, and finally human, adding that abortions were permissible early in pregnancy, before certain biological processes began. He believed that the female substance was passive, the male active, and that it required time for the male substance to "animate" the whole.
Hippocrates and the Pythagoreans stated that fertilization marked the beginning of a human life, and that the human soul was created at the time of fertilization.
According to Hinduism Today, Vedic literature states that the soul enters the body at conception.
Pre-existence was taught in various forms by Plato, Judaism, and Islam.
The Early Church held various views on the subject, primarily either the ensoulment at conception or delayed hominization. Tertullian held a view, traducianism, which was later condemned as heresy. This view held that the soul was derived from the parents and generated in parallel with the generation of the physical body. This viewpoint was deemed unsatisfactory by St. Augustine, as it did not account for original sin. Basing himself on the Septuagint version of Exodus 21:22, he affirmed the Aristotelian view of delayed hominization.
St. Thomas Aquinas and St. Augustine of Hippo held the view that fetuses were "animated" (using Aristotle's term for ensoulment) near the 40th day after conception. However, both held that abortion was always gravely wrong.
In general, the soul was viewed as some kind of animating principle; and the human variety was referred to as the "rational soul".
Fetal personhood in law.
Ecclesiastical courts.
Following the decline of the Roman Empire, ecclesiastical courts held wide jurisdiction throughout Europe. According to Donald DeMarco, PhD, the Church treated the killing of an unformed or "unanimated" fetus as a matter of "anticipated homicide", with a corresponding lesser penance required. In the Catechism of the Catholic Church, the following statement regarding the beginning of human life and personhood is provided:
Common law.
Although abortion in the United Kingdom was traditionally dealt with in the ecclesiastical courts, English common law addressed the issue from 1115 on, beginning with first mention in "Leges Henrici Primi". In this treatise, abortion, even of a "formed' fetus, was a "quasi-homicide", carrying a penalty of 10 years' penance. This was a much lesser penalty than would accrue to full homicide. With the exception of Bracton, later writers insisted that killing a fetus was "great misprision, and no murder", as formulated by Sir Edward Coke in his "Institutes of the Lawes of England". Coke noted that the murder victim must have been "a reasonable creature "in rerum natura"", in accordance with the standards of murder in English law. This formulation was repeated by Sir William Blackstone in England and in "Bouvier's Law Dictionary" in the United States.
The reasonableness of the creature is of some considerable weight in the legal conception of personhood. Children are not considered full persons under the law until they reach the age of majority.
Nonetheless, children have been treated as persons with respect to bodily offences, beginning with Offences against the Person Act 1828, although this protection did not prevent children from being sold by their parents, as in the Eliza Armstrong case, long after the slave trade had been abolished in England.
Biological markers.
One of the possible basic requirements for personhood is individuality, which entails differentiation between the person and its parents. Biology offers a number of stages in the life cycle that have been seen as candidates for personhood:
Fertilization.
Fertilization is the fusing of the gametes, that is a sperm cell and an ovum (egg cell), to form a zygote. At this point, the zygote is genetically unique from either of its parents.
Many members of the medical community accept fertilization as the point at which life begins. Dr. Bradley M. Patten from the University of Michigan wrote in "Human Embryology" that the union of the sperm and the ovum "initiates the life of a new individual" beginning "a new individual life history." In the standard college text book "Psychology and Life", Dr. Floyd L. Ruch wrote "At the time of conception, two living germ cells—the sperm from the father and the egg, or ovum, from the mother—unite to produce a new individual." Dr. Herbert Ratner wrote that "It is now of unquestionable certainty that a human being comes into existence precisely at the moment when the sperm combines with the egg." This certain knowledge, Ratner says, comes from the study of genetics. At fertilization, all of the genetic characteristics, such as the color of the eyes, "are laid down determinatively." James C. G. Conniff noted the prevalence of the above views in a study published by the New York Times Magazine in which he wrote, "At that moment conception takes place and, scientists generally agree, a new life begins—silent, secret, unknown."
The view that life begins at fertilization reached acceptance from mainstream sources at one point. In 1967, New York City school officials launched a large sex education program. The fifth grade text book stated "Human life begins when the sperm cells of the father and the egg cells of the mother unite. This union is referred to as fertilization. For fertilization to take place and a baby to begin growing, the sperm cell must come in direct contact with the egg cell." Similarly, a text book used in Evanston, Illinois stated: "Life begins when a sperm cell and an ovum (egg cell) unite." Catholic philosopher Peter Kreeft goes so far as to say:
Well, every biology textbook in the world, before Roe v. Wade, was not in doubt in answering the question, "When does an individual life of any mammalian species begin?" The answer is, "When the genetic code is complete." When instead of the haploid ovum and the haploid sperm, you get the diploid embryo. And at that point, something happens that is totally different, because the thing that's there seems totally different.
One objection raised to the fertilization view is that not all of the objects created by the union of a sperm and an egg are human beings. Objects such as hydatidiform moles, choriocarcinomas, and blighted ovums are clearly not. Neither will every normal zygote develop into an adult. There are many fertilized eggs that never implant and are "simply washed away" after conception, though this can be answered by the fact that not every child becomes an adult; organisms die at various developmental stages. Therefore, within the fertilization view, these objects may be recognized as malformations of the fertilized sperm and egg. The indication of these objects itself seems to evidence the fact that they are aberrations from nature, rather than the norm.
The unique genetic identity of the zygote is also challenged. In fertilization, chromosomes from each parent are combined in the same cell nucleus but remain independent; every chromosome in a diploid cell can be traced to one parent and not the other. Only during meiosis, in which gametes are formed, do these chromosomes cross over, exchanging bits of DNA to form unique genes not found in either parent, though this objection would also apply to the genome of an adult. However, gametes are not commonly considered to have personhood, perhaps because most of them are never involved in fertilization.
Biopsychologist Michael Gazzaniga has stated that an embryo or early fetus may be compared to a not-yet-constructed house: You don’t walk into a Home Depot and see thirty houses. You see materials that need architects, carpenters, electricians, and plumbers to create a house. An egg and a sperm are not a human. A fertilized embryo is not a human—it needs a uterus, and at least six months of gestation and development, growth and neuron formation, and cell duplication to become a human. To give an embryo created for biomedical research the same status even as one created for in vitro fertilization (IVF), let alone one created naturally, is patently absurd. When a Home Depot burns down, the headline in the paper is not "30 Houses Burn Down." It is "Home Depot Burned Down." 
Others have disputed this view. Law professor and ethicist Richard Stith has written that the proper word for the growth of a fetus is not construction, as of a house or car, but development, as of a (pre-digital-era) photograph or a tree sapling: 
Human beings do develop. To think they are constructed is flatly erroneous... We know with certainty that quickening is an illusion, that the child is developing from the beginning, not being made from the outside, for its form lies within it, in its active potency, in its activated DNA. 
That a human individual's existence begins at conception is the accepted position of the Roman Catholic Church, whose Pontifical Academy for Life declared: "The moment that marks the beginning of the existence of a new 'human being' is constituted by the penetration of sperm into the oocyte. Fertilization promotes a series of linked events and transforms the egg cell into a 'zygote'." The more authoritative Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith also has stated and reaffirmed: "From the time that the ovum is fertilized, a new life is begun which is neither that of the father nor of the mother; it is rather the life of a new human being with his own growth." Eastern Orthodox churches and most of the more conservative Protestant denominations also teach this view of life.
Implantation.
In his book "Aborting America," Bernard Nathanson argued that implantation should be considered the point at which life begins.
Biochemically, this is when alpha announces its presence as part of the human community by means of its hormonal messages, which we now have the technology to receive. We also know biochemically that it is an independent organism distinct from the mother. in writing the book, "alpha" was Nathanson's term for any human before birth.
Segmentation.
For fourteen to twenty-one days after fertilization, an embryo may segment and form twins, triplets, etc. Some argue that an early embryo cannot be a person because "If every person is an individual, one cannot be divided from oneself."
However, Fr. Norman Ford stated that "the evidence would seem to indicate "not" that there is "no" individual at conception, but that there is at least one and possibly more." He went on to support the idea that, similar to processes found in other species, one twin could be the parent of the other asexually. Theodore Hall agreed with the plausibility of this explanation saying, "We wonder if the biological process in twinning isn't simply another example of how nature reproduces from other individuals without destroying that person's or persons' individuality."
Brain function (brain birth).
In the years since the designation of brain death as a new criterion for death, attention has been directed towards the central role of the nervous system in a number of areas of ethical decision-making. The notion that there exists a neurological end-point to human life has led to efforts at defining a corresponding neurological starting-point. This latter quest has led to the concept of brain birth (or brain life), signifying the converse of brain death. The quest for a neurological marker of the beginning of human personhood owes its impetus to the perceived symmetry between processes at the beginning and end of life, thus if brain function is a criterion used to determine the medical death of a person, it should also be the criterion for its beginning.
Just as there are two types of brain death - whole brain death (which refers to the irreversible cessation of function of both the brain stem and higher parts of the brain) and higher brain death (destruction of the cerebral hemispheres alone, with possible retention of brain stem function), there are two types of brain birth (based on their reversal) - brain stem birth at the first appearance of brain waves in lower brain (brain stem) at 6–8 weeks of gestation, and higher brain birth, at the first appearance of brain waves in higher brain (cerebral cortex) at 22–24 weeks of gestation.
Fetal viability.
Until the fetus is viable, any rights granted to it may come at the expense of the pregnant woman, simply because the fetus cannot survive except within the woman's body. Upon viability, the pregnancy can be terminated, as by a c-section or induced labor, with the fetus surviving to become a newborn infant. Several groups believe that abortion before viability is acceptable, but is unacceptable after. In some countries, early abortions are legal in all circumstances, but late-term abortions are limited to circumstances where there is a clear medical need.
At birth.
The Jewish Talmud holds that a fetus's life is less valuable than a woman's; if the woman's life is endangered by the pregnancy, it requires an abortion. However, if the "greater part" of the fetus has emerged, then its life may not be taken even to save the mother's, ""because you cannot choose between one human life and another"."
Some Christian theologians, such as Marsilio Ficino, hold that ensoulment occurs when an infant takes its first breath of air. They cite, among other passages, Genesis 2:7, ""And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.""
Other markers.
There are also other ideas of when personhood is achieved:
Human personhood may also be seen as a work-in-progress, with the beginning being a continuum rather than a strict point in time.
Individuation.
Philosophers such as Aquinas use the concept of individuation. In regard to the abortion debate, they argue that abortion is not permissible from the point at which individual human identity is realised. Anthony Kenny argues that this can be derived from everyday beliefs and language and one can legitimately say "if my mother had had an abortion six months into her pregnancy, she would have killed me" then one can reasonably infer that at six months the "me" in question would have been an existing person with a valid claim to life. Since division of the zygote into twins through the process of monozygotic twinning can occur until the fourteenth day of pregnancy, Kenny argues that individual identity is obtained at this point and thus abortion is not permissible after two weeks.
Ethical perspectives.
The distinction in ethical value between existing persons and potential future persons has been questioned. Subsequently, any marker of the beginning of human personhood doesn't necessarily mark where it is ethically right or wrong to assist or intervene. In a consequentialistic point of view, an assisting or intervening action may be regarded as basically equivalent whether it is performed before, during or after the creation of a human being, because the end result would basically be the same, that is, the existence or non-existence of that human being. In a view holding value in bringing potential persons into existence, it has been argued to be justified to perform abortion of an unintended pregnancy in favor for conceiving a new child later in better conditions.
Legal perspectives.
United States.
In 1973, Harry Blackmun wrote the court opinion for "Roe v. Wade", saying "We need not resolve the difficult question of when life begins. When those trained in the respective disciplines of medicine, philosophy, and theology are unable to arrive at any consensus, the judiciary, at this point in the development of man's knowledge, is not in a position to speculate."
In 2003, the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act was enacted, which prohibits an abortion if ""either the entire baby's head is outside the body of the mother, or any part of the baby's trunk past the navel is outside the body of the mother.""
</ref>
In 2004, President George W. Bush signed the Unborn Victims of Violence Act into law. The law effectively extends personhood status to a ""child in utero at any stage of development, who is carried in the womb"" if they are targeted, injured or killed during the commission of any of over 60 listed violent crimes. The law also prohibits the prosecutions of ""any person for conduct relating"" to a legally consented to abortion.
Today, 38 U.S. States legally recognize a human fetus or "unborn child" as a crime victim, at least for the purpose of homicide or feticide laws.

</doc>
<doc id="20433937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433937" title="Albela (1971 film)">
Albela (1971 film)

Synopsis.
Mahesh, a stage artist, receives a telegram of his father's last hours on the stage but he refuses to leave the play half way, and goes home after the show is over. His father takes a promise from his son that after his death he would try for his sister's marriage in a big reputed family.
His friend Jago finds a prince named Sunil, son of Sardar Gajraj Singh Ghansu. He also finds out that Sunil is a bachelor. In order to find appropriate attire for the proposal, he steals a king's costume from a theater.
Thus starting a roller coaster ride of an amazing drama.
Cast.
The film stars Mehmood, Aruna Irani, Rajendra Nath, I.S. Johar, Achala Sachdev, Leela Mishra, Lalita Kumari, Baby Guddi & Others
Soundtrack.
The music has been directed by Shankar - Jaikishan.

</doc>
<doc id="20433946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433946" title="Struve family">
Struve family

The Struve family (pronounced in German, in Russian) were a dynasty of five generations of astronomers from the 18th to 20th centuries. Members of the family were also prominent in chemistry, government and diplomacy.
Origins.
The first branch of the family that produced five generations of astronomers originated in Altona, then part of both Denmark and Germany The first scientist member of the family was mathematician Jacob Struve (1755–1841); his forebears included Johann Struve (1700–1778) and Abel Struve (1719–1762). In 1783, Jacob Struve married Maria Emerentia Wiese (1764–1847). Their children were:
In the beginning of 19th century, Jacob Struve sent his sons to Dorpat (now Tartu, Estonia) in the Russian Empire to avoid conscription in the Napoleonic armies. His fourth son, Friedrich Georg Wilhelm, taught at the University of Dorpat from 1813 and full professor and director of Dorpat Observatory from 1820. Ennobled by Tsar Nicholas I, at whose request he supervised construction of Pulkovo Observatory, he served as director of the new observatory from 1839 to 1862.
Friedrich Georg Wilhelm married Emilie Wall (1796–1834) in 1815. They had 12 children, including the following:
Following the death of his first wife, he married Johanna Henrietta Francisca Barthels (1807–1867). They had six children, including Karl von Struve (1835–1907), diplomat.
Jacob Struve's cousin, Anton Sebastian von Struve, was President of the German Eternal Imperial Diet at Regensburg and later a Russian Imperial Provy Councillor. He and his wife, née Johanne Dorothea Werner, were the parents of:
Otto Wilhelm von Struve line (3rd Gen).
Otto Wilhelm von Struve (1819–1905) was director of Pulkovo Observatory from 1862 to 1889; he moved to Germany in 1889. He married 1) Emilie Dyrssen (1823–1868); 2) Emma Jankowsky (1839–1902). The children from his two marriages were:
Karl Hermann Struve had a son, Georg Otto Hermann Struve (1886–1933), who was also an astronomer. Georg Otto Hermann had two sons, Wilfried Struve (1914–1992) and Rheinhard Struve (1919–1943).
Gustav Ludiwig Struve (1858–1920) and his wife, Elizaveta, had a son Otto Struve (1897–1963), who became a prominent astronomer in the United States following fighting in World War I and for White Russians in the Russian Revolution. His other son, Warner was an officer for the White Russians but died from tuberculosis. His daughter, the youngest, drowned in the same period. Gustav had to leave Russia and went with his surviving son Otto Struve into exile in Turkey, where he died in 1920 at age 62.
Otto Struve (1897–1963) then got job in the United States through his Uncle Hermann Struve, who lived and worked at Berlin-Babelsberg Observatory. After moving to the United States, Otto Struve married Mary Martha Lanning in 1925, but there were no children.
Berngard Vasilyevich Struve line (3rd gen).
Berngard Vasilyevich Struve (1827–1889) was a government official in Siberia before serving in turn as governor of Perm and Astrakhan. He was the father of:
Vasily Berngardovich Struve married Borisa Alexandrovna Turaeva (1868–1920). They were the parents of:
Peter Berngardovich Struve emigrated to France following the Russian Revolution. He was the father of:
Aleksey Petrovich Struve married Ekaterina Andreevna Katuar. Their children were:
Karl von Struve line (3rd gen).
Karl von Struve (1835–1907) was Russian minister to Japan, the United States (1882–1892) and the Netherlands (1892–1904). In line with German practice, he was entitled to use the title of Baron von Struve while abroad, though this was denied him while resident in Germany or Russia. The American press generally rendered his title as Baron de Struve.
He and his wife, Maria Nikolaevna Annenkova (1844–1889) were the parents of:
Owing to ill health, his wife Maria returned to Russia in 1885, dying at Kielmarky, near St. Petersburg in 1889.
Other lines.
Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve's cousin, Johann Christoph Gustav von Struve, son of diplomat Anton Sebastian von Struve. "After finishing his studies and several extensive journeyings (sic), Anton started his career as private secretary to Count Schonberg, Minister in Dresden. In 1755 he entered the services of the Duke of Holstein-Gottrop, who later as Peter III became emperor of Russia, and thus became a Russian subject, along with his 2 brothers who were also induced to accompany Peter to Russia. One of these was the celebrated astronomer, Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve, an the third, the scientist. Anton Sebastian, after several diplomatic missions in Russian services, ended as Resident Minister at the German Reichstag at Regensburg. He died April 7, 1802. Hi biography is to be found in Schlichtegroll's "Nekrolog der Deutschen für das 19th. Jahrhundert". He had 12 children, but only five sons and four daughters attained maturity. Of these, only the eldest (Gustav von Struve, Sept. 26,1763 - 1828), and the youngest (Henry, 1772-1851), and Phillipine (She married President von Grün), the youngest daughter, had issue." (incorrect - see below) ] (1729—1802), became a diplomat in the Russian service primarily in Regensburg, Bavaria.]] Johann Christoph and his wife, née Sibilla Christiana Friedrike von Hochstetter, were the parents of 11 children, among them:
"*Elise (1795-18440) unmarried
Another line was represented by Henry G. Struve (1836–1905), a native of the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg who emigrated to the United States in 1852. An attorney, he was elected mayor of Seattle, Washington, in 1882 and 1883. Struve and his wife, the former Lascelle Knighton, were the parents of:
His younger son, Frederick Karl Struve, was elected president of the Seattle National Bank in 1914.
Family traditions.
Jacob Struve once expressed his attitude to life in his letter to Friedrich, which characterizes the family spirit
During the astronomical observations, members of the Struve family wore the beobachtungskäppchen or "cap for observation", which was made for the husband by his bride. The cap was handmade from red velvet and had golden threads embedded around it. The number of threads corresponded to the generation, so Friedrich Georg Wilhelm had one and Georg Hermann four.

</doc>
<doc id="20433949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433949" title="Clarence Drouillard">
Clarence Drouillard

Clarence Joseph "Clare" Drouillard (March 2, 1914 – May 3, 1986) was a professional ice hockey player, who played for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20433960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433960" title="Badnam Farishte">
Badnam Farishte


</doc>
<doc id="20433967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433967" title="Sussex Downs AONB">
Sussex Downs AONB

Sussex Downs Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty in England was designated in 1966. The designation was revoked in March 2010, together with the neighbouring East Hampshire AONB, upon the establishment of the South Downs National Park. 
The area of the AONB was largely the same as the portion of the National Park within East and West Sussex, containing the South Downs as well as part of The Weald.
In the latter years of the AONB, the management of the two AONBs of Sussex Downs and East Hampshire was combined under the South Downs Joint Committee, taking responsibility for conservation within the two areas in anticipation of the National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20433981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433981" title="Balidaan">
Balidaan


</doc>
<doc id="20433997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20433997" title="Mihály von Ibrányi">
Mihály von Ibrányi

Mihály von Ibrányi (born 3 December 1895, Debrecen, Austro-Hungarian Empire — died 19 October 1962, Budapest, Hungary) was a Hungarian officer during World War II. He commanded the Hungarian First Cavalry Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20434002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434002" title="Acoustica (Wolfgang album)">
Acoustica (Wolfgang album)

Acoustica is the first live album by Filipino rock band Wolfgang. The album was recorded on September 30, 2000, at the Music Museum in Greenhills, San Juan City, Metro Manila.

</doc>
<doc id="20434005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434005" title="Banphool">
Banphool


</doc>
<doc id="20434010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434010" title="Stahlmusik">
Stahlmusik

Stahlmusik is the debut album of the German Industrial band Einstürzende Neubauten. One of the earliest and rarest Neubauten albums, "Stahlmusik" was recorded live-to-tape in a pillar of the Stadtautobahn Bridge in West Berlin on June 1, 1980, and was released on cassette in October via Blixa Bargeld's "Eisengrau" shop, where the earliest incarnations of the band would often rehearse. Musically, the sound of the album is more conventional than the band's next album, "Kollaps", mainly because percussionist N.U. Unruh had not yet abandoned his drum-kit for the miscellaneous scrap metal of later releases; The songs are more akin to the material on the double 7" "Schwarz", released prior to "Kollaps" but nearly a year after "Stahlmusik", in particular the EP's title track.
A version of "Für den Untergang" from these sessions appeared as "Stahlversion" on the B-side of the "Für den Untergang" 7", and was later reissued on "Strategies Against Architecture 80-83".

</doc>
<doc id="20434062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434062" title="Bradley's Records">
Bradley's Records

Bradley's Records was a UK record label in the mid-1970s. It was founded by ATV Music publishers in 1973 and run by Derek Johns. The label was active for four years with moderate success, but was discontinued in early 1977.
Three acts were chosen to launch the label in February 1973: Prog-rock band Kala (an off-shoot of Quintessence), Paul Brett and Hunter Muskett.
Lack of commercial success caused a re-think and in late 1973 all three original acts departed (Kala were dropped after they refused to change their musical direction and wear glitter and make-up). Stuart Slater, who by now had replaced Johns, began to concentrate on releasing singles by pop artists; a policy that was to provide a number of chart hits.
Among its roster of artists were The Goodies and Stephanie de Sykes (Slater's partner) who both had top 20 hits in the UK. Other hits released by the label included Sweet Dreams' "Honey, Honey" - a top 10 hit in 1974.
Other acts signed by Bradley's Records included:

</doc>
<doc id="20434086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434086" title="Jal Bin Machhli Nritya Bin Bijli">
Jal Bin Machhli Nritya Bin Bijli

This was the first Indian film for which all songs were recorded in stereophonic sound.The film however had mono soundtrack.All songs were recorded and mixed by Mangesh Desai at V.Shantaram's Rajkamal Kala Mandeer studios.
Songs.
"Taron Mein Sajke Apne Suraj Se" sung by Mukesh.
"Baat hai ek boond si" by Mukesh and Lata
"Kazra laga ke" by Lata
"Jal bin Machhli" by Lata
"Jo main chali, phir na miloongi" by Lata
"O mitwa" by Lata and Mukesh

</doc>
<doc id="20434094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434094" title="1991 Lipton International Players Championships">
1991 Lipton International Players Championships

The 1991 Lipton International Players Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 7th edition of the Miami tournament, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1991 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 1991 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Key Biscayne, Florida in the United States, from March 11 through March 25, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20434102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434102" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Alexandria, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Alexandria, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Alexandria (Independent City), Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20434119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434119" title="Chaahat (1971 film)">
Chaahat (1971 film)


</doc>
<doc id="20434136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434136" title="Egyptian Army ranks">
Egyptian Army ranks

Egyptian Army ranks:
History.
The Egyptian army ranks were changed after the revolution of 1952 and the fall of the monarchy. In the year 1958 the crown was replaced by the Eagle of Saladin (the new coat of arms) and the Turco-Egyptian ranks were changed into Arabic ranks.

</doc>
<doc id="20434151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434151" title="Jawan Mohabbat">
Jawan Mohabbat


</doc>
<doc id="20434152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434152" title="1995 Grand Prix (snooker)">
1995 Grand Prix (snooker)

The 1995 Skoda Skoda Grand Prix professional ranking snooker tournament was held between 16–29 October 1995 at the Crowtree Centre, Sunderland. 
Stephen Hendry beat defending champion John Higgins 9–5 in a rather scrappy final.
__TOC__
Prize fund.
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below:
Winner: £60,000
Runner up: £32,000
Semi-finalists: £16,000
Quarter-finalists: £9050
Last 16: £4550
Last 32: £2600
Last 64: £1900
Stage one High Break: £3600
Stage two High Break: £5000
Total: £330,000

</doc>
<doc id="20434169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434169" title="Kahin Aar Kahin Paar">
Kahin Aar Kahin Paar


</doc>
<doc id="20434173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434173" title="Catherine Dickens">
Catherine Dickens

Catherine Thomson "Kate" Dickens ("née" Hogarth; 19 May 1815 – 22 November 1879) was the wife of English novelist Charles Dickens, and the mother of his ten acknowledged children.
Marriage.
Born in Edinburgh in Scotland in 1815, Catherine came to England with her family in 1834. She was the eldest daughter of George Hogarth, who was a music critic for the "Morning Chronicle" where Dickens was a young journalist and later the editor of the "Evening Chronicle". They became engaged in 1835 and were married on 2 April 1836 in St Luke's Church, Chelsea and honeymooned in Chalk, near Chatham in Kent. They set up a home in Bloomsbury, and went on to have ten children.
Catherine's sister Mary Hogarth entered Dickens's Doughty Street household to offer support to her newly married sister and brother-in-law. It was not unusual for the unwed sister of a new wife to live with and help a newly married couple. Dickens became very attached to Mary, and she died after a brief illness in his arms in 1837. She became a character in many of his books, and her death is fictionalised as the death of Little Nell.
Catherine's younger sister, Georgina Hogarth, joined the Dickens family household in 1842 when Dickens and Catherine sailed to America, caring for the young family they had left behind. In 1845 Charles Dickens produced the amateur theatrical "Every Man in his Humour" for the benefit of Leigh Hunt. In a subsequent performance, Catherine Dickens, who had a minor role, fell through a trap door injuring her ankle. In 1851, as 'Lady Maria Clutterbuck', Kate Dickens published a cookery book, 'What Shall we Have for Dinner? Satisfactorily Answered by Numerous Bills of Fare for from Two to Eighteen Persons'. It contained many suggested menus for meals of varying complexity together with a few recipes. It went through several editions until 1860. Also in 1851 she suffered a nervous collapse after the death of her daughter Dora Dickens, aged nearly 8 months.
Over the subsequent years Dickens found Catherine an increasingly incompetent mother and housekeeper and blamed her for the birth of their 10 children, which caused him financial worries. Their separation in May 1858, after Catherine Dickens accidentally received a bracelet meant for Ellen Ternan, was much publicised and rumours of Dickens' affairs were numerous, all of which he strenuously denied.
Separation.
Georgina Hogarth sided with Dickens in his quarrel with her sister, Catherine. Georgina, Charles Dickens, and all of the children except Charles Dickens, Jr., remained in their home at Tavistock House, while Catherine and Charles Jr. moved out. Georgina Hogarth ran Dickens' household. On 12 June 1858 he published an article in his journal, "Household Words", explaining the situation from his perspective.
He sent this statement to the newspapers, including "The Times", and many reprinted it. He fell out with Bradbury and Evans, his publishers, because they refused to publish his statement in "Punch" as they thought it unsuitable for a humorous periodical. Another public statement appeared in the "New York Tribune", which later found its way into several British newspapers. In this statement Dickens declared that it had been only Georgina Hogarth who had held the family together for some time: 
Later years.
Dickens and Catherine had little correspondence after their separation, but she remained attached and loyal to her husband and to his memory until her own death from cancer. On her deathbed in 1879 Catherine gave the collection of letters she had received from Dickens to her daughter Kate, telling her to "Give these to the British Museum, that the world may know he loved me once".
Catherine Dickens was buried in Highgate Cemetery in London with her infant daughter Dora, who had died in 1851 aged nearly 8 months.
In the media.
Catherine Dickens was the subject of the sixty minute BBC Two documentary "Mrs Dickens' Family Christmas", broadcast on 30 December 2011 and performed and presented by Sue Perkins, and which looked at the marriage of Charles Dickens through the eyes of Catherine.

</doc>
<doc id="20434179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434179" title="Doge's Palace, Genoa">
Doge's Palace, Genoa

The Doge's Palace (Italian: "Palazzo Ducale") is a historical building in Genoa, northern Italy. 
Once the home of the Doges of Genoa, it is now a museum and a centre for cultural events and arts exhibitions. It is situated in the heart of the city, with two different entrances and façades, the main one on Piazza Matteotti, and the second one on Piazza De Ferrari.
History.
The first parts of the Palace were built between 1251 and 1275, during the flourishing period of the Republican history of Genoa, while the Torre Grimaldina (also named "Torre del Popolo" - Tower of the People) was completed in 1539.
The Palace of the Doges was restored in 1992, in occasion of the celebrations of Christopher Columbus and the 500th anniversary of the discovery of America.
The palace originated from the acquisition by the commune of Genoa of houses of the Doria between San Matteo and San Lorenzo churches (1291), after which the construction of an annexed new building was started. To this, in 1294, a tower of the Fieschi family was added. The palace was restored in the 1590s by Andrea Ceresola. Around 1655, the Ducal Chapel was frescoed by Giovanni Battista Carlone and Domenico Fiasella. In 1777 it was subject to a fire, and was subsequently rebuilt in Neoclassicist style by Simone Cantoni.
On the main floor, the so-called Piano Nobile, are the frescoed halls of the "Maggior and Minor Consiglio", where many public events take place.
In July 2001 the Palace hosted the G8 Summit, which was attended by the leaders of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, United Kingdom and United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20434183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434183" title="Reuben Jeffery III">
Reuben Jeffery III

Reuben Jeffery III (born August 21, 1953) is the former United States Under Secretary of State for Economic, Business, and Agricultural Affairs, having been appointed to that position by United States President George W. Bush in June 2007.
Jeffery attended Yale University, receiving a B.A. in Political Science in 1975. Upon graduation, he joined the management program at Morgan Guaranty Trust Company in New York City. He then moved to Stanford University, where he received both an M.B.A. and a J.D. in 1981 (as part of the joint program between the Stanford Graduate School of Business and Stanford Law School). 
Jeffery initially accepted an offer from Davis Polk & Wardwell, before moving on to Goldman Sachs in 1983. He became Managing Partner of Goldman Sachs's European Financial Institutions Group in London in 1992, and then Managing Partner of the Goldman Sachs Paris office in 1997. 
Jeffery supported the candidacy of George W. Bush in the 2000 presidential election. In the wake of 9/11, President Bush appointed Jeffery as his Special Advisor on Lower Manhattan Development, and in 2002, Jeffery left Goldman Sachs to take on this responsibility. In 2003, Jeffery became a Special Advisor to L. Paul Bremer, head of the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq and then became the Representative and Executive Director of the Coalition Provisional Authority Office in The Pentagon. He served as a member of the United States National Security Council until 2005, as a Senior Director responsible for International Economic Affairs.
In 2005, Jeffery was named the chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
President Bush nominated Jeffery as Under Secretary of State for Economic, Business, and Agricultural Affairs on April 16, 2007 and he was confirmed by the United States Senate on June 21, 2007. He was sworn in by United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on June 27, 2007.
Currently Reuben Jeffery III serves as senior advisor at CSIS (Center for Strategic and International Studies). On July 27, 2010, Jeffery was hired to be CEO of Rockefeller & Co., a NYC-based asset manager with $27 billion under management.
On May 8, 2012, Jeffery was reported donating $32,000 to Romney Victory Inc.
In 2013, Jeffery was a signatory to an amicus curiae brief submitted to the Supreme Court in support of same-sex marriage during the Hollingsworth v. Perry case.
Jeffery is an avid cyclist. 

</doc>
<doc id="20434191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434191" title="Val Page">
Val Page

Valentine Page (1892-1978) was a British motorcycle designer born in 1892. Described as Britain's greatest motorcycle designer, he worked for most of the leading marques, including Ariel, Triumph, and BSA. He died in 1978. 
J.A Prestwich.
Val Page served his apprenticeship as a motorcycle engineer and designer with J.A. Prestwich and developed the racing motorcycles which made riders such as Bert le Vack famous. Page designed engines used in the Brough Superior SS100 and SS80 luxury motorcycles
Ariel Motorcycles.
Most of his career was spent with Ariel Motorcycles, who he joined in 1925 where he became chief designer and began by developing a new range of motorcycles for the 1926 season. Starting with an advanced engine, Page had to wait until 1927 before a suitable frame and cycle parts were designed. These formed the basis for what was to be the Ariel Red Hunter, which continued successfully until Ariel ceased production of four strokes in 1959. Page was an innovator and his radical designs included the Ariel Leader.
Triumph.
He left Ariel in 1932 to become Chief Designer at rival motorcycle producers Triumph Motorcycles where he developed the model 6/1 vertical twin (Triumph's first), and a range of singles, including a 150cc two-stroke and 250, 350 and 500cc four-strokes, with Edward Turner
BSA.
Moving on to BSA just before World War II Page developed the high performance production BSA Gold Star, named in celebration of Wal Handley’s lap times, the Gold Star model was considered a revolutionary design and featured a single cylinder 500cc engine with twin pushrods in a cast-in-place tapered pushrod tube which operated double-coil springs and overhead valves. Page also designed the reliable wartime BSA M20 motorcycle.
After the war he returned to Ariel.

</doc>
<doc id="20434196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434196" title="Kathputli (1971 film)">
Kathputli (1971 film)


</doc>
<doc id="20434224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434224" title="Preetam">
Preetam


</doc>
<doc id="20434228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434228" title="Sally Carr">
Sally Carr

Sally Carr (born 28 March 1945) is a Scottish singer, best known as the lead singer of the 1970s pop group Middle of the Road.
Personal life.
Sarah Cecilia Carr was born on 28 March 1945. She has four brothers. Her father was a miner. Her mother, Cecilia, was bedridden. When Carr was a child, the family used to sing around a piano; Carr never had any professional vocal training. Carr still performs at oldies concerts as of 2010.
In 1978, Carr married journalist Chick Young. They had a son, Keith, in 1980 but they separated in 1984, although Carr has not divorced Young and they remain friends. On 18 January 2001, Keith was killed in a motorbike accident.
Music.
Carr's first group was The Southerners. In 1971, the group Middle of the Road was formed, and Carr had success with songs such as "Soley, Soley" and "Chirpy Chirpy Cheep Cheep". Following the death of her mother Cecilia, Carr found it difficult to sing the lines "Where's your Mama gone?" and "Woke up this morning and my Mama was gone" from that song.

</doc>
<doc id="20434243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434243" title="Baruch Steinberg">
Baruch Steinberg

Baruch or Boruch Steinberg (1897–1940) was a Polish rabbi and military officer. He was Chief Rabbi of the Polish Army during German invasion of Poland in 1939 and was murdered in the Katyn massacre by the Soviet Union in April 1940.
Biography.
Baruch Steinberg was born on 17 December 1897 in the town of Przemyślany (now Peremyshliany, Ukraine) to a Polish Jewish family with tradition of rabbinical service (his father and grandfather were rabbis and three of his brothers would also become rabbis).
During the First World War his family moved to Vienna; there in 1916 he was elected a rabbi, passing the required examinations in the following year and returning to Przemyślany. He joined the Polish Military Organisation, providing services for Polish Jewish soldiers. In November he volunteered to join Polish forces in the Polish-Ukrainian war, he fought alongside the Polish forces in the battle of Lwów and remained on the frontlines until Polish forces took control of Przemyślany in May 1919.
In 1922 he officially joined the Polish Army (first the reserves), becoming a rabbi chaplain. His applications for full service were rejected, the reasons cited were his lack of formal education (he didn't finish secondary school) and opposition from the Orthodox Jewish faction, as Steinberg was seen as a member of a zionist camp. In 1927 Steinberg passed his matura exams and started studies at University of Lwów in oriental studies (which he would finish in 1933). In 1928 he was accepted into active service in the Polish army, with the (chaplain) rank of professional rabbi ("rabin zawodowy"), becoming the Chief Rabbi of the Third Corps Region of the Polish Army (in Grodno, now Hrodna, Belarus). In 1929 he was promoted to rabbi, first class ("rabin pierwszej klasy" - equivalent of a captain rank). A few years later he would be promoted to older rabbi, second class ("starszy rabin drugiej klasy" - equivalent of a major rank). In 1931 he was moved to First Corps Region in Warsaw, in 1932 he also served on the Fifth Corps Region in Kraków (Cracow). In 1933 he replaced Chaim Elizjer Frankl as the chief of Main Office of Judaism Chaplainship ("szef Głównego Urzędu Duszpasterstwa Wyznania Mojżeszowego), first on a temporary basis, from 1935 on a permanent basis. In 1936 he becomes the Chief Rabbi of the Polish Army.
Steinberg was highly respected and commended by his superiors. He was also known as a supported of Polish statesmen Józef Piłsudski and his policies, organizing on 11 November (from 1937 the official Polish Day of Independence) religious services in the intention of Poland (and after Piłsudski's death, in his intention as well). He was a supporter of active Jewish participation in Polish state.
In September 1939 he was one of the seven rabbi chaplains in the Polish Army. During the Polish September Campaign he was the Chief Chaplain for Noncatholics in the Army Kraków and chief rabbi of the Polish army. He was taken prisoner by the Soviets after the Soviet invasion of Poland in late September, becoming a prisoner of war. He was imprisoned in the camp in Starobilsk. In Starobilsk he organized services for his fellow inmates, which were also attended by non-Jewish Poles; survivors note his emphasis on unity of all Poles, regardless of religion. In Starobilsk Steingberg was arrested by NKVD together with other Polish priests and chaplains during Christmas of 1939 and transported to a prison in Moscow. He briefly returned to Starobilsk in March 1940, and then was moved to Yukhnov and later to Kozelsk camps. Steingberg was eventually murdered in the Katyn massacre, probably on 12 April 1940.
Awards.
During his lifetime, Steinberg had received the Cross of Independence, Silver Cross of Merit, and the remembrance medals "For War of 1918-1921" and for "10 years of Polish independence". In 1991 he was commemorated on a plaque in a garrison Church of Saint Agnes in Kraków. In 2007, he was posthumously promoted to lieutenant colonel.
Notes.
a Sources vary with regard to his promotion. Polish Wikipedia gives an unreferenced date of 1934. PSB states that he was nominated for the rank of older rabbi, second class in 1932, but doesn't say he was awarded it. It also states that he achieved the rank of major in 1938. A book on Katyn states he became a major in 1934.
b PSB doesn't give a date of his death, but states he was shipped from Kozelsk on 9 April and murdered afterwards. Polish Wikipedia gives an unreferenced date of death as 12 April. It is estimated that approximately 450 people of over 20,000 murdered in Katyn were Polish Jews, serving as military officers in the Polish Army.

</doc>
<doc id="20434247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434247" title="Saaz Aur Sanam">
Saaz Aur Sanam


</doc>
<doc id="20434266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434266" title="Helena Peterson">
Helena Peterson

Helena Peterson (born April 8, 1962) is a former Swedish Olympic swimmer. She competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics, where she swam the prelims for the silver medal winning Swedish 4×100 m freestyle relay team.

</doc>
<doc id="20434298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434298" title="Ryan Mason">
Ryan Mason

Ryan Glen Mason (born 13 June 1991) is an English footballer who plays for Swindon Town on loan from Tottenham Hotspur. A versatile player, Mason is most comfortable as a midfielder but has also played extensively as a forward. He is a former England youth international, having represented the England U19 and England U20 teams on multiple occasions.
Career.
Mason joined the Tottenham Hotspur academy in June 2007, and signed his first professional contract a year later, in June 2008 aged 17. He made his professional debut in the UEFA Cup on 27 November 2008 as a late substitute against NEC Nijmegen.
During the 2008–09 season he topped the Academy scoring sheets with 29 goals in 31 games as Spurs finished runners-up in the Premier Academy League.
In the Summer of 2009 Mason went on loan to Yeovil Town along with team mate Steven Caulker.
He made his league debut at the start of the 2009–10 season against Tranmere Rovers where Yeovil won 2–0.
Mason made a promising start to his time at Yeovil, scoring from a free kick in his second match against Colchester United and from a long-range strike in their next game against Exeter City to earn a draw.
The goal against Exeter was included in BBC Sport's "Goals of the Week". According to the Spurs website, "after impressing for Terry Skiverton's men at the start of the 2009–10 season, the loan deal was extended for a further three months".
Along with fellow Tottenham loanees, Jon Obika & Steven Caulker, on 5 November 2009 their loans were extended until May 2010. Mason was recalled prematurely, on 13 March 2010 back to Spurs after playing 28 league games for Yeovil and scoring 6 goals.
In August 2010, Mason was loaned for the first time to Football League Championship Doncaster Rovers on a two-month loan deal, and made just 5 appearances. Then in January 2011, Mason was loaned back to Doncaster Rovers until the end of the season and made a further 10 appearances.
On 28 July 2011, Mason signed a new two-year contract with Tottenham Hotspur keeping him at the club until June 2013 and was then immediately sent out on a season long loan deal to Doncaster Rovers. Mason was recalled back to Tottenham Hotspur in November 2011 after making just 5 appearances since the start of the season. On 29 December 2011, Mason and team-mate Harry Kane agreed a loan deal with Championship side Millwall starting once the January transfer window opens until the end of the season.
Ryan made an, albeit brief, appearance in Tottenham's senior side during their the Europa League tie against Lazio in September 2012, coming on as a late sub for Mousa Dembélé. He made his first Tottenham start a week later in a League Cup match against Carlisle.
On the last day of the transfer window, Mason joined French side Lorient on loan for the remainder of the 2012–13 season, making his move out of England for the first time. His loan period was terminated on 23 April 2013 with Mason having failed to make a senior appearance.
On 23 July 2013, Mason signed on a season long loan for Swindon Town joining fellow Tottenham players Massimo Luongo, Grant Hall and Alex Pritchard. On 31 August 2013 he scored a hat trick against Crewe Alexandra in a 5-0 win.
International career.
Mason received his first call up to the England U19 side for the match against Russia but only made the stand-by list and did not take part in the game. He didn't need to wait long for his first game for the U19's as he and fellow loanee Steven Caulker were called up for the European Championship qualification in Slovenia in October 2009. Mason played in two of the three games and grabbed the second England goal in the 2–0 win over Slovakia to help to ensure England's 100% record. Mason achieved his third and fourth caps for the U19s in friendlies against Turkey and the Netherlands respectively.
In February 2011, Mason received a call up to the England U20 side for their friendly against France U20, and received his first cap coming on as a 70th minute substitute in that game.
Personal life.
Mason attended Enfield Grammar School and was a District hurdles champion. He also attended Cheshunt School.

</doc>
<doc id="20434313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434313" title="Ann-Sofi Roos">
Ann-Sofi Roos

Ann-Sofi Roos (born 27 November 1959) is a former Swedish Olympic swimmer. She competed in the breaststroke and individual medley events in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20434332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434332" title="Terence Cole (cricketer)">
Terence Cole (cricketer)

Terence George Owen Cole (14 November 1877 – 15 December 1944), played first-class cricket for nearly a quarter of a century, but only totalled 20 first-class matches in all.
In major cricket he appeared for Cambridge University, MCC and three county sides – Lancashire, Derbyshire and Somerset. But exactly half of his 20 first-class games came on the Lord Brackley's XI tour of the West Indies in 1904–05. He was a middle-order right-handed batsman, though was occasionally used as an opening batsman.
Cole was born at Llanrhaiadr, Denbighshire, the son of Francis Burton Owen Cole JP DL formerly Captain in the 7th Royal Fusiliers and his wife Mary Georgiana Lyster. Cole's mother died in 1881 and his father remarried two years later. He was educated at Harrow School, where he was a promising schoolboy batsman and bowler. He made 142 for Harrow in the annual match against Eton College at Lord's in 1897, at the time the highest score ever made by a Harrow player in the match. He also made the highest aggregate score in the match. He went to Cambridge University, but at Cambridge the following year he played in only one first-class match and made little impression in that, nor in a second match for MCC "against" Cambridge in 1899. He then played regularly in the Liverpool area in the early years of the 20th century before making a single appearance for Lancashire in a match against Leicestershire in May 1904. He was out for a duck.
Lord Brackley's XI toured the West Indies in leisurely fashion in the first four months of 1905, playing 20 matches in all, half of which were deemed to be of first-class status. The team consisted mainly of amateur cricketers of very mixed abilities, plus a couple of hard-worked professionals. Cole played in all of the first-class matches, and made 50s in three of them, including 68 against Jamaica, batting at No 9, which remained his highest score. In 1906, Brackley's team reassembled at Lord's for a match against the West Indian touring team: Cole made 59 as Brackley's team won the match, but it did not count as first-class.
Seven years then passed before Cole's next appearances in major cricket. Between May and July 1913, he appeared six times for Derbyshire, making 171 runs at a fairly respectable average of 15.54 but having a highest score of only 36. That, though, came in a match against Sussex at County Ground, Hove, in which Cole top-scored in both innings as Derbyshire went down to a heavy defeat.
After the First World War, Cole settled in Somerset and made frequent appearances for the amateur (and not wholly serious) Somerset Stragglers side. He also made one final first-class appearance for his new county: a game in 1922 against Oxford University in which he made 1 and 18. Cole died at Stoke Court, Stoke St Mary, Taunton, Somerset.

</doc>
<doc id="20434336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434336" title="Zhao Jing (Tang Dynasty)">
Zhao Jing (Tang Dynasty)

Zhao Jing (趙憬) (736 – October 3, 796), courtesy name Tuiweng (退翁), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.
Background.
Zhao Jing was born in 736, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His family was from Wei Prefecture (渭州, in modern Tianshui, Gansu). and traced its origins to the royal house of the Warring States period state Zhao. His great-grandfather Zhao Renben served as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong's grandfather Emperor Gaozong, and his grandfather Zhao Yi (趙誼) and father Zhao Daoxian (趙道先) both served in government as well. Zhao Jing himself was said to be studious, and in his youth behaved well and did not seek prominence.
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
In 762, after Emperor Xuanzong's grandson Emperor Daizong had just taken the throne after both Emperor Xuanzong and Emperor Daizong's father Emperor Suzong died earlier that year, the officials in charge of the emperors' funerals were discussing how the two emperors should be buried. Zhao Jing, then a commoner, submitted a petition arguing that, as there was a famine at the time and Tufan incursions, the funerals should be done in a frugal manner. He was praised by others for this petition. As a result, he later served as an official at a prefectural government, then the acting sheriff of Jiangxia County (江夏, in modern Wuhan, Hubei), and yet later successively served as an imperial censor first under the title of "Jiancha Yushi" (監察御史) then "Dianzhong Shiyushi" (殿中侍御史); and "Taizi Sheren" (太子舍人), a member of the staff of Emperor Daizong's crown prince Li Kuo. When his mother died, he left governmental service to observe a period of mourning for her.
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
In 779, Emperor Daizong died, and Li Kuo became emperor (as Emperor Dezong). Early in Emperor Dezong's "Jianzhong" era (780–783), with Zhao Jing's mourning period over, he was recalled to the imperial government to serve at "Shuibu Yuanwailang" (水部員外郎), a low-level officer at the ministry of public works (工部, "Gongbu"). However, before he could take office, Li Cheng (李承) the governor (觀察使, "Guanchashi") of Hunan Circuit (湖南, headquartered in modern Changsha, Hunan) requested Zhao to serve as his deputy. After a year, Li Cheng died, and for some time Zhao served as acting governor. He was soon made the prefect of Hunan's capital Tan Prefecture (潭州) and governor of Hunan. He was governor for two years before he was replaced, and after he returned to the capital Chang'an, he stayed at home and had no association with others. A long time thereafter, Emperor Dezong summoned him to the palace to meet him. As Zhao was well-learned and good at speaking, Emperor Dezong was pleased to meet him and made him an imperial attendant (給事中, "Geishizhong").
In 788, Huige's Heguduolu Khan Yaoluoge Dunmohe requested to marry a Tang princess, and Emperor Dezong agreed to give Yaoluoge Dunmohe his daughter Princess Xian'an in marriage. The senior official Guan Bo was commissioned to serve as her escort, and Zhao served as Guan's deputy. At that time, Tang emissaries to Huige often used the opportunity to conduct commercial transactions for their own benefit as well, but Zhao did not do so, and people were impressed with him. After he returned from the mission, he became "Shangshu Zuo Cheng" (尚書左丞), one of the secretaries general of the executive bureau of government (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng"). It was said that he oversaw the bureau business with diligence and integrity. At that time, Dou Can was the primary chancellor and disliked Zhao for his abilities, viewing him as a threat. He requested that Zhao be made the prefect of Tong Prefecture (同州, in modern Weinan, Shaanxi), but Emperor Dezong refused.
In 792, Dou was demoted and exiled, and Lu Zhi and Zhao (apparently at Lu's recommendation) were made chancellors with the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事). Both of them were also made "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng"). As chancellor, Zhao drafted a major six-part policy proposal with regard to the commissioning of officials:
However, as Emperor Dezong trusted Lu more, Lu was given more of the responsibilities. In 793, Zhao was made "Menxia Shilang" (門下侍郎), the deputy head of the examination bureau (門下省, "Menxia Sheng") instead of "Zhongshu Shilang", although he remained as chancellor. As the office of the chancellors was then inside the legislative bureau, Zhao suspected Lu of wanting to force him out of the key decision-making, and he resented Lu for this. Zhao thereafter often claimed to be ill in his eye and did not attend to the main policy decisions. Still, Zhao was credited for protecting such officials as Du Huangshang, Mu Zan (穆贊), Wei Wu (韋武), Li Xuan (李宣), and Lu Yun (盧雲) from suffering from false accusations. He was also credited with promoting former subordinates Linghu Heng (令狐峘) and Cui Jing (崔儆) despite their prior attempts to undermine him.
Meanwhile, despite Lu Zhi's repeatedly criticizing the official Pei Yanling as frivolous and deceitful, Emperor Dezong trusted Pei and repeatedly promoted him. Lu, not knowing that Zhao resented him with regard to Zhao's move to the examination bureau, often criticized Pei while meeting with Zhao, and Zhao leaked Lu's criticism to Pei, allowing Pei to deflect the criticism when meeting with Emperor Dezong and further strike back at Lu. On an occasion when Lu arranged to meet Emperor Dezong with Zhao, with the purpose of criticizing Pei together, Emperor Dezong became displeased when Lu did so, and Zhao watched and said nothing. Around new year 795, Lu was removed from his chancellor position, and Zhao became the main chancellor. In spring 796, on an occasion when his chancellor colleagues Jia Dan and Lu Mai were on vacation, Zhao met with Emperor Dezong alone, and on that occasion advocated the restoration of an early Tang institution — that subordinate officials be around to record the events at the meetings between the emperor and the chancellors. Emperor Dezong agreed, but as Zhao died shortly thereafter, in fall 796, the institution was not restored. Emperor Dezong mourned Zhao greatly and gave him the posthumous name Zhenxian (貞憲, meaning "virtuous and knowledgeable").

</doc>
<doc id="20434343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434343" title="Hans Fredin">
Hans Fredin

Hans Gunnar Fredin (born March 16, 1966 in Söderhamn, Gävleborg) is a former Swedish Olympic swimmer. He competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics, where he swum the 100 m backstroke and the 200 m backstroke.

</doc>
<doc id="20434349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434349" title="List of WiiWare games (PAL region)">
List of WiiWare games (PAL region)

Available titles.
The following is the complete list of the WiiWare titles available for the Wii in the PAL region as shown within the WiiWare section of the Wii Shop Channel. There are currently 282 games in Europe and 210 games in Australia. New games (if any) are added weekly on Thursdays (Fridays until June 2011).

</doc>
<doc id="20434352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434352" title="1982 African Cup Winners' Cup">
1982 African Cup Winners' Cup

The 1982 season of the African Cup Winners' Cup football club tournament was won by Al Moqaweloon Al Arab in two-legged final victory against Power Dynamos F.C. This was the eighth season that the tournament took place for the winners of each African country's domestic cup. thirty-three sides entered the competition, with Printing Agency withdrawing before the 1st leg of the first round and Gor Mahia withdrawing after the 1st leg of the same round.

</doc>
<doc id="20434383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434383" title="Gaming Charterhouse">
Gaming Charterhouse

Gaming Charterhouse (, also known as "Kartause Maria Thron") is a former Carthusian monastery in Gaming near Scheibbs in the "Mostviertel" of Lower Austria.
The monastery was founded in 1330 by Albert II, Duke of Austria, who intended it as a dynastic burial place. He himself was buried there after his death in 1358, as was his wife Johanna von Pfirt (d. 1351) and daughter-in-law Elisabeth of Bohemia (d. 1373). The first community, from Mauerbach Charterhouse in Vienna, comprised a double complement, under a prior, of 24 monks rather than the usual 12, and the scale of the buildings from the beginning reflected the monastery's size.
Gaming Charterhouse received extremely generous endowments from its founder, including much surrounding land in the valley of the Erlauf, and the town and market of Scheibbs.
It was dissolved in 1782 in the reforms of Emperor Joseph II. In 1797 the bodies of the founder, his wife and daughter-in-law were removed to the parish church of Gaming, and in 1825 the monastery and estate, including large areas of forest, passed into private ownership. In 1915 it was bought by the abbot of Melk Abbey.
In 1983 the monastery premises, but not the remaining estates, were bought by an Austrian architect, Walter Hildebrand, who has since worked on the restoration. The renovated premises are partly occupied by a hotel and partly by Franciscan University of Steubenville (main campus in Ohio, USA). Since 2004 there has also been a museum, with displays of the history of Gaming Charterhouse and of the Carthusians in general. Recently a Greek Catholic (Byzantine) chapel has been set up here.

</doc>
<doc id="20434402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434402" title="John Henry Boner">
John Henry Boner

John Henry Boner (January 31, 1845March 6, 1903), was an American editor and poet. 
Boner was born in Salem's. Moravian community. He was educated locally, and at the age of thirteen, he was apprenticed to a newspaper office. In 1865, he started his own Salem newspaper, but by then Boner had become affiliated with the Republican Party, and this bias caused the failure of the paper. Through his political connections, Boner was able to find employment as reading clerk of the North Carolina constitutional convention of 1868 and was chief clerk of the North Carolina House of Representatives in 1869-70. He left North Carolina and entered the civil service in the United States Government Printing Office in Washington, D.C., where he worked until 1886, as a compositor and then as a proofreader. That he was appreciated by his associates is shown by the fact that in 1878 he was president of Columbia Union, No. 101, in which office "he showed executive ability and a thorough knowledge of parliamentary practice, and he gave the union a conservative and safe administration". In 1883 his first book of poems entitled "Whispering Pines" was published.
Soon after the return of the Democratic Party to power in 1885, Boner was discharged from the government service on the ground of offensive partisanship. This was prior to the enactment of non-partisan protections for civil service employees. But by then Boner's poems had brought him fame. Edmund Clarence Stedman, of New York, one of the foremost literary critics of the times, was delighted with Boner's work. In his "Poets of America", published in 1885, Stedman specially mentions Boner in writing of Southern poets, and in describing their work he says, "that they open vistas of the life and spirit of the region." 
Learning of Boner's removal from office, Stedman invited Boner to New York City, and soon secured congenial employment for Boner on the staff on the "Century Dictionary", then in course of preparation. Boner also aided Stedman with the latter's "Library of American Literature", and of that service it is recorded "for the accuracy of the text we are greatly indebted to the friendship and professional skill of John H. Boner, of the Century Dictionary staff, who has given much of his spare time to the correcting of our page-proofs, and in other ways has been of service to the work". Boner continued to write poetry, and became recognized as a literary man of much force. His standing as a man of letters received further recognition by his election in 1888 to membership in the Authors Club in New York. His best known poem, "Poe's Cottage at Fordham", appeared in the "Century Magazine" in November, 1889. Boner continued work on the "Century Dictionary", and from 1892-1894 worked on "The Standard Dictionary". He then became editor of one of the leading magazines in the United States — "The Literary Digest".
Boner resigned from "The Literary Digest" in 1897 over an editorial dispute. In 1900 he was able, with assistance from his literary acquaintances and New York Senator Chauncey Depew, to overturn the earlier "partisanship" finding and return to the United States Government Printing Office. But in the early 1900s his health began to fail, and finally broke completely. He was still poor, and in order to get money for a trip back home he published another book of poems called "Some New Poems." He suffered greatly from pain and poverty. He died of tuberculosis in Washington, D.C.:
Boner's reputation continued to develop after his death, and he became known as "North Carolina's First Man of Letters".
References.
The text of this article is adapted in part from Eugene Clyde Brooks, "North Carolina Poems" (1912), p. 5, and in part from Marcus Benjamin, "John Henry Boner", "The South Atlantic Quarterly" (1904), p. 166, both works in the public domain.

</doc>
<doc id="20434406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434406" title="Yoshikazu Mera">
Yoshikazu Mera

Originally wanting to become a pop singer, Mera now primarily sings classical music from the West but also classical Japanese music. He appears frequently as a soloist with the Bach Collegium Japan, which under its conductor Masaaki Suzuki performs Baroque music. His 1998 recital disc "Nightingale" on Sweden's BIS Records was a major success in Japan.
It was revealed in a television documentary entitled "米良美一の實話" ("Yoshikazu Mela's true story") that he was born with congenital osteogenesis imperfecta.

</doc>
<doc id="20434407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434407" title="Jack Gould">
Jack Gould

Jack Gould (February 5, 1914, New York, New York – May 24, 1993, Berkeley, California) was an American journalist and critic, who wrote influential commentary about television.
Born in New York City, Gould became the chief television reporter and critic for "The New York Times" in 1948 after several years covering theater and radio for that paper. His columns and reviews (along with those of rival John Crosby of the "New York Herald Tribune") were widely read by decision makers in the fledgling medium of television, and Gould had many professional and personal relationships/acquaintances with prominent industry figures such as Edward R. Murrow and Fred Friendly.
Gould did not hold back harsh criticism, even when "The New York Times" itself produced its own public affairs program in 1963. Gould was heavily critical, yet optimistic, on the potential power of the television medium as a force for social good.
Gould retired from the "Times" in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20434411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434411" title="Robert Hedges (baseball)">
Robert Hedges (baseball)

Robert Hedges (born 1869 in Jackson County, Missouri - died April 1932 in St. Louis, Missouri) was the owner of the St. Louis Browns of the American League from through . Hedges was instrumental in bringing Branch Rickey into the Browns' front office. He sold the Browns to Phil Ball after the 1915 season.
References.
Hedges' SABR biography

</doc>
<doc id="20434413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434413" title="Short-channel effect">
Short-channel effect

In electronics, a short-channel effect is an effect whereby a MOSFET in which the channel length is the same order of magnitude as the depletion-layer widths (xdD, xdS) of the source and drain junction, behaves differently from other MOSFETs.
As the channel length L is reduced to increase both the operation speed and the number of
components per chip, the so-called short-channel effects arise.
The short-channel effects are attributed to two physical phenomena:
In particular five different short-channel effects can be distinguished:

</doc>
<doc id="20434447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434447" title="Siege of Constantinople (1235)">
Siege of Constantinople (1235)

The Siege of Constantinople (1235) was a joint Bulgarian-Nicaean siege on the capital of the Latin Empire. Latin emperor John of Brienne was besieged by the Nicaean emperor John III Doukas Vatatzes and Tsar Ivan Asen II of Bulgaria. The siege remained unsuccessful.
Prelude.
After Robert of Courtenay died in 1228, a new regency under John of Brienne was set up. After the disastrous Epirote defeat by the Bulgarians at the Battle of Klokotnitsa, the Epirote threat to the Latin Empire was removed, only to be replaced by Nicaea, which started acquiring territories in Greece. Emperor John III Doukas Vatatzes of Nicaea concluded an alliance with Bulgaria, which in 1235 resulted in joint campaign against the Latin Empire.
The siege.
In 1235, Angelo Sanudo sent a naval squadron for the defence of Constantinople, where the Emperor John of Brienne was being besieged by John III Doukas Vatatzes, Emperor of Nicaea, and Ivan Asen II of Bulgaria. The joint Bulgarian-Nicaean siege was unsuccessful. The allies retreated in the autumn because of the incoming winter. Ivan Asen II and Vatatzes agreed to continue the siege in the next year but the Bulgarian Emperor refused to send troops. With the death of John of Brienne in 1237 the Bulgarians broke the treaty with Vatatzes because of the possibility that Ivan Asen II could become a regent of the Latin Empire.
By Angelo's further intervention, a truce was signed between the two empires for two years.
Afterwards.
By 1247, the Nicaeans had effectively surrounded Constantinople, with only the city's strong walls holding them at bay, and the Battle of Pelagonia in 1258 signaled the beginning of the end of Latin predominance in Greece. Thus, on July 25, 1261, with most of the Latin troops away on campaign, the Nicaean general Alexios Strategopoulos found an unguarded entrance to the city, and entered it with his troops, restoring the Byzantine Empire for his master, Michael VIII Palaiologos.

</doc>
<doc id="20434465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434465" title="List of United States Senators in the 78th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 78th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority during the 78th Congress, from January 3, 1943 to January 3, 1945.
Order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term. Behind this is former service as a senator (only giving the Senator seniority within his or her new incoming class), service as Vice President, a House member, a Cabinet secretary, or a governor of a state. The final factor is the population of the senator's state.
Senators who were sworn in in the middle of the two-year congressional term (up until the last senator who was not sworn in early after winning the November 1944 election) are listed at the end of the list with no number.

</doc>
<doc id="20434482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434482" title="Clifton Road railway station">
Clifton Road railway station

Clifton Road was a railway station built by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway to serve the village of Clifton north east of Brighouse in West Yorkshire, England.
History.
Opened by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway in 1881 and closed in 1931. The line continued in use until subsidence caused the closure of the line in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20434522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434522" title="Ahistoricism">
Ahistoricism

Ahistoricism refers to a lack of concern for history, historical development, or tradition.
Charges of ahistoricism are frequently critical, implying that the subject is historically inaccurate or ignorant (for example, an "ahistorical" attitude). It can also describe a person's failure to frame an argument or issue in a historical context or to disregard historical fact or implication. An example of this would be films including dinosaurs and prehistoric human beings living side by side, even though they were millions of years apart in reality.
It also can be descriptive of a view that history has no relevance or importance in the decision making of modern life.
In some academic contexts, ahistoricism is the accepted norm. For example, the history of science is generally considered a quite separate discipline from, and not directly important to, research science. In philosophy, some criticism has arisen because "the dominant school of philosophy in the English speaking world, analytic philosophy [...] has been trenchantly ahistorical, and indeed anti-historical", but that this is a problem remains a minority view. 
A more abstract definition of ahistoricism is simply independence from time, i.e. removed from history.
For example the idea that some concepts aren't governed by what is learned or has happened in the past, but come from an ahistoric power, independent of what has gone before.

</doc>
<doc id="20434524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434524" title="Dawukou District">
Dawukou District

Dawukou District () is a district under the administration of Shizuishan city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. It has a total area of 1007 square kilometers, and a population of approximately 230,000 people.
Characteristics.
Dawukou District is a well-known industrial region, and it has attracted considerable investment in recent years. The district's main projects vary greatly, and mainly include light polluting or non-polluting industries. The district's postal code is 753000.

</doc>
<doc id="20434549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434549" title="Lars Bo">
Lars Bo

Lars Bo (May 29, 1924 - October 21, 1999) was a Danish artist and writer. He is known for his graphic works with surrealistically inspired fantastic motifs. He was nicknamed "Wizard". 
Lars Bo worked with P. Rostrup Bøyesen at Statens Museum for Kunst in the period from 1939 to 1940, and he went to The Danish Design School from 1941 to 1943, after which he travelled in Europe. From 1947 until his death in 1999 he lived in Paris.
From 1948 to 1950 Lars Bo worked in Johnny Friedläender and Albert Flocons graphic studio in Paris. Lars Bo wrote the novel "Det vidunderlige hus i Paris" (The Wonderful House in Paris).
Lars Bo moved to Paris in the early 1950s to study art and printmaking techniques at the famous Atelier 17, under the directorship of Stanley William Hayter. Bo began a long and successful career as an artist of the illustrated book in 1952. Until 1996 he produced etchings and aquatints for many great illustrated books. Some of his greatest works in this field is for classic editions of Hans Christian Andersen.
Lars Bo began exhibiting his individual prints and paintings in Paris in 1954. Shortly thereafter he became a leading artist for the French periodical, Le Monde. By 1960 Bo had established an international reputation (especially for his original prints) and exhibitions of his art were held in England, the United States and Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20434602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434602" title="Barry Rogerson">
Barry Rogerson

Barry Rogerson (born 25 July 1936) was the first Bishop of Wolverhampton from 1979 to 1985 and, from then until his retirement in 2002, the Bishop of Bristol. 
Rogerson was educated at the University of Leeds and Wells Theological College. Initially a bank employee, he was ordained in 1962 after which he held curacies at St Hilda’s South Shields and St Nicholas’ Bishopwearmouth. From 1967 to 1975 he was a lecturer at Lichfield Theological College and then Salisbury and Wells Theological College, after which he became Vicar of St Thomas’, Wednesfield—a post he held until his ordination to the episcopate. In retirement he continues to serve as an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of Bath and Wells as well as being a governor of the University of the West of England.
In the course of his episcopal ministry in Bristol, Rogerson ordained the first 32 female priests in the Church of England on 12 March 1994 at his cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="20434606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434606" title="Elisha Leavitt">
Elisha Leavitt

Elisha Leavitt (1714–1790) was a Hingham, Massachusetts, Loyalist landowner who owned several islands in Boston Harbor. During the Siege of Boston in 1775, Leavitt encouraged British forces to use one of his islands to gather hay for their horses, triggering one of the first skirmishes of the American War of Independence, The Battle of Grape Island (or Grape Island Alarm). This encounter followed the battles at Lexington and Concord by a month, and preceded the Battle of Bunker Hill by less than a month.
Life.
Elisha Leavitt was born at Hingham on March 1, 1714, the son of Elisha Leavitt Sr. and the former Sarah Lane, daughter of Ebenezer Lane. He was married to the former Ruth Marsh, daughter of Thomas and Mary (Burr) Marsh, with whom he had four children. 
Elisha Leavitt was a successful businessman and landowner in Hingham. In 1771 Leavitt purchased one of Hingham's landmarks, the old Thaxter Mansion built in 1652, which had tapestried walls, elaborate painted murals, decorated door panels and large tiled fireplaces. 
When Leavitt bought the home, it had been occupied by five generations of the Thaxter family, including Samuel Thaxter. (After Thaxter's death, his widow remarried Rev. John Hancock of Braintree, and was the mother of the first signer of the Declaration of Independence.) The last Thaxter owner, Col. Samuel Thaxter, moved to Bridgewater, Massachusetts in 1771 and sold the house to Elisha Leavitt.
By the time Leavitt bought the Thaxter Mansion, he was a confirmed Tory, and he used a blind passage in the house, accessed by a secret door, to hide Tories from nearby Marshfield when the local Committee of Safety conducted a search for them. The Tories were later successfully smuggled by water to Boston.
Leavitt was an unlikely Loyalist. He began his career as a simple blacksmith, was named constable of Hingham, then launched himself on a career as a trader and entrepreneur, becoming a shareholder in the fishing company and engaging in navigation as a shipowner.
Eventually Leavitt became one of the largest landowners in the region; among his holdings were several islands in Boston Harbor, including Lovells Island, purchased by Leavitt from the town of Charlestown in 1767, Grape Island, half of Gallops Island, and Georges Island. The islands were largely used for pasturage for cattle and horses and for raising hay. Leavitt had purchased Georges Island from Hannah Greenleaf in April 1765. Elisha Leavitt also owned land across the region, including substantial acreage at Cohasset, the seaside town carved from Hingham.
Battle of Grape Island.
During the so-called 'Provision War' at the outbreak of hostilities, as British officers struggled to find sympathetic citizens who would supply their army with food and drink, the Tory Elisha Leavitt stepped forward to offer British troops hay, vegetables and cattle. His actions infuriated locals passionate about the Continental cause. Leavitt's ownership of Grape Island then brought him unwelcome prominence.
Realizing that British officers needed pasturage for their horses during the Siege of Boston in 1775, Leavitt offered them the use of Grape Island. But when British forces landed on the island in their sloops, the alarm was sounded on the mainland. Shortly afterwards hundreds of militiamen from the South Shore assembled at Weymouth, opposite Grape Island, and began firing on the British. Eventually the militiamen landed on Grape Island in skiffs, forcing the British to flee. The angry colonists, in retaliation for Leavitt's actions, burned the wealthy Tory's barn to the ground and confiscated his cattle. "This glorified skirmish", wrote historian Edward Rowe Snow, "has gone down in the history as the Battle of Grape Island."
The incident was closely watched by many observers in the Boston area, including John Adams's wife Abigail, who noted the "widespread confusion" in her hometown the day of the encounter – the closest the American Revolutionary War had come to the Adams family residence. Abigail wrote to her husband on May 24, 1775: "...it seems their Expidition (sic) was to Grape Island for Levets hay." Abigail Adams praised several members of her husband's family, who were among the hundreds of Continental militiamen who drove off the British soldiers. "I may say with truth, all of Weymouth, Braintree, Hingham, who were able to bear arms, and hundreds from other towns within twenty, thirty, forty miles of Weymouth."
Following the Grape Island skirmish, enraged citizens turned up on the doorstep of Leavitt's mansion to set it alight or "for the purpose of doing violence to his person", according to the "History of the Town of Hingham". But the avuncular Leavitt averted trouble and defused the mob by rolling out a barrel of rum and "dispensing its contents liberally." 
"The gentlemen aforesaid", says the Hingham history, referring delicately to the assembled mob, "were received by Mrs. Leavitt in elegant dress, and urged to walk in and partake of the wine. This unexpected and politic Courtesy disarmed the fury of the Whigs, and the threatened violence was drowned in good cheer."
Later life and legacy.
Unlike many Loyalists, Leavitt was never forced to flee the country, nor give up his substantial holdings. Whether his successful transition to the age of American independence was due to his personality, sheer pluck, or to a change of heart is unknown.
While Leavitt was one of Hingham's most visible Tories, his son Dr. Martin Leavitt, born in 1755, had different politics. A close friend and Harvard classmate (1773) of Bela Lincoln of Hingham, Martin Leavitt practiced medicine until he died aged thirty on November 27, 1785, when he drowned in the town's mill pond. 
Elisha Leavitt died in 1790 at his home on North Street in Hingham, not far from Leavitt Street, where Elisha's great-grandfather John Leavitt had settled in 1636. 
At his death Leavitt willed ownership of Gallops Island to his grandson Caleb Rice, son of Col. Nathan Rice of the Continental Army, and former aide de camp to General Benjamin Lincoln, a Hingham native. Caleb Rice subsequently purchased the half of Gallops Island that his grandfather Leavitt did not own. Rice later sold the entire island to the government.

</doc>
<doc id="20434643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434643" title="Clonal Selection Algorithm">
Clonal Selection Algorithm

In artificial immune systems, Clonal selection algorithms are a class of algorithms inspired by the clonal selection theory of acquired immunity that explains how B and T lymphocytes improve their response to antigens over time called affinity maturation. These algorithms focus on the Darwinian attributes of the theory where selection is inspired by the affinity of antigen-antibody interactions, reproduction is inspired by cell division, and variation is inspired by somatic hypermutation. Clonal selection algorithms are most commonly applied to optimization and pattern recognition domains, some of which resemble parallel hill climbing and the genetic algorithm without the recombination operator.

</doc>
<doc id="20434650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434650" title="Black Mantra">
Black Mantra

Black Mantra is the fifth full-length studio album by Filipino rock band Wolfgang.

</doc>
<doc id="20434663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434663" title="Plymouth Sound, Shores and Cliffs">
Plymouth Sound, Shores and Cliffs

Plymouth Sound, Shores and Cliffs is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) around the Plymouth Sound, a large area of water where the River Plym and Tamar meet. It stretches across the two ceremonial counties of Devon and Cornwall and the unitary authority area of Plymouth. It contains fossils of plants and sea creatures and its cliffs show a timeline of the Middle to Early Devonian period hundreds of millions of years ago.
Geology.
Lower to early Middle Devonian units of rock are visible from sections through the coastal cliffs and intertidal zones, which were laid down 417–354 million years ago. There are fossil remains of corals, brachiopods, bryozoa, gastropods, rare orthoconic nautiloids, ostracods, trilobites, phacopids), crinoids, ostracoderm and acanthodian fish.
Jennycliff Bay has steeply inclined folds, which flexure into open recumbent folds — some with chevron form. The folds have developed cleavage in the slate and in the siltstones and sandstones, although it is more widely spaced throughout the silt and sandstones. To the south, the cleavage dips at moderate low angles and the strata, which become overturned in places, dip steeply. The original direction of the strata can be established using the graded and cross-bedding of sedimentary structures. It demonstrates that the section is situated on the overturned, steep or northern limb of the Dartmouth Antiform, which can be traced from Newquay to Dartmouth. This is evidence a period of tectonic plate collision between 330 and 300 million years ago, which exerted pressure on the rock. Folds of three generations with cleavages are visible through the section in Bovisand Bay. Generally, the first generation folds have gently southern dipping limbs which are overturned or steep. The cleavage consistently dips about 40 degrees south. This indicates that this section has the Dartmouth Antiform passing through it. The far south consists of red and green slates with sandstones that were deposited in rivers and lakes.
On the western flank (Cornwall), there are harder rocks such as Staddon Grit, which form a headland from Staddon Point. There are also deposits of sandstones in the shape of marine sand bars. Along most of the coast dramatic faults and folds in the rocks can be seen and, in some places, a chevron pattern is visible.

</doc>
<doc id="20434686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434686" title="Lazaridis">
Lazaridis

Lazaridis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20434687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434687" title="Huinong District">
Huinong District

Huinong District () is a district under the administration of Shizuishan city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. It has a total area of 1088 square kilometers, and a population of approximately 200,000 people.
Characteristics.
Huinong District was created from the merger of the former Shizuishan county level city and Huinong County. It is an extremely well known agricultural area, and agricultural products and dehydrated vegetables make up the main part of the district's output. The district is the largest grower and processor of dehydrated vegetables in western China. The district's postal code is 753600.

</doc>
<doc id="20434702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434702" title="Pyu language (Burma)">
Pyu language (Burma)

The Pyu language (, ; also Tircul language) is an extinct Tibeto-Burman language, mainly spoken in present day central Burma (Myanmar) in the first millennium CE. It was the vernacular of the Pyu city-states which thrived between the second century BCE and the 9th century CE. Its usage declined, starting in the late 9th century when the Mranma (Burmans) of the Nanzhao Kingdom began to overtake the Pyu realm. The language was still in use, at least in royal inscriptions of the Pagan Empire, if not in popular vernacular, until the late 12th century. It became extinct in the 13th century, completing the rise of Burmese language, the language of the Pagan Empire, in Upper Burma, the former Pyu realm.
The Pyu script was based on a number of Brahmi scripts. Latest scholarship, though yet not settled, suggests that the Pyu script may have been the source of the Burmese script.
Classification.
The Pyu language was a Tibeto-Burman language, believed to be related to Old Burmese though the degree of proximity is still debated. The language is tentatively classified within the Lolo–Burmese languages by Matisoff, and thought to most likely be Luish by Bradley. Van Driem feels it is best treated as an independent branch of Tibeto-Burman pending further evidence.
Usage.
The language was the vernacular of the Pyu states. But Sanskrit and Pali appeared to have co-existed alongside Pyu as the court language. The Chinese records state that the 35 musicians that accompanied the Pyu embassy to the Tang court in 800–802 played music and sang in the "Fan" (Sanskrit) language.

</doc>
<doc id="20434743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434743" title="Chestnut Grove Academy">
Chestnut Grove Academy

Chestnut Grove Academy was formed, as Chestnut Grove School, in September 1986 by the amalgamation of Henry Thornton Grammar School (named for Henry Thornton (1760-1815) a local MP and economist) and Hydeburn School. It is a partially selective secondary school with academy status in Balham, London, England. It selects 40% of its pupils for places based on aptitude in art and design and general ability. It was the first Arts College in the United Kingdom. In their March 2008 inspection, Ofsted rated the school as Grade 1 "Outstanding", the highest possible designation.

</doc>
<doc id="20434796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434796" title="Michael Bourke">
Michael Bourke

Michael Gay Bourke (born 28 November 1941) was the third Bishop of Wolverhampton from 1993 until 2007.
Education and career.
Bourke studied Modern Languages at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge and then Theology at Cambridge and Tübingen before training for the ministry at Cuddesdon Theological College. He was ordained in 1967, and began his ordained ministry as a curate at St James’ Grimsby after which he spent 22 years in Hertfordshire and Bedfordshire in the Diocese of St Albans rising to be Archdeacon of Bedford (1986–1993), until his ordination to the episcopate. From 1996 to 2006 he was Anglican Co-Chairman of the Meissen Commission, the body which oversees the relationship between the Church of England and the Protestant Church of Germany (EKD) , Bourke has lived in Hereford diocese, and is an honorary Assistant Bishop in that diocese (as retired bishops usually are).
Personal life.
Bourke is a keen amateur astronomer, and counts star-gazing as amongst his chief spare-time pursuits. He has been an outspoken advocate of gay rights in both church and society, and has actively opposed institutional homophobia in all organisations, including the Church.
Awards.
In 2008 Michael Bourke received the Cross of St Augustine, the second highest international award for outstanding service to the Anglican Church. This was awarded primarily for his services to ecumenism, although the citation also mentioned his work opposing racism and homophobia.

</doc>
<doc id="20434831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434831" title="47th Liaison Squadron">
47th Liaison Squadron

The 47th Liaison Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with Tactical Air Command, stationed at Langley Air Force Base, Virginia. It was inactivated on August 25, 1948.
History.
Operations history.
Primarily courier with army group headquarters in area to rear of front lines, May 1944 – May 1945. Not manned, June 1947 – August 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20434846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434846" title="Social protection in France">
Social protection in France

Welfare in France (also known as social protection, from ) includes all systems whose purpose is to protect people against the financial consequences of social risks (illness, maternity, old age, unemployment).
Social welfare refers to all the mechanisms of collective foresight, enabling individuals to cope with the financial consequences of "social risks". These are situations that could jeopardize the economic security of the individual or his family (defined as a group of people bound by ties of lineage and alliance), causing a decline in its resources or increase its expenditure (old age, sickness, disability, unemployment, maternity, family responsibilities, etc.). In France, the welfare system make up for about 500 billion euros annually, or more than 30% of GDP. 
The origin of social protection in France dates back to medieval times, with fraternal benefit societies. In the second half of the nineteenth century, systems of social assistance developed gradually, often launched by employers marked by social Catholicism, then relayed by the first laws. In 1930, modern social insurance was created, offering employees protection against certain risks: accidents, sickness, disability, maternity, old age, death ... During the Second World War, the National Council of Resistance designed the system of Social security, now at the heart of social protection. It was created just after the Liberation, by an order of 4 October 1945, followed by other texts. Gradually, protection has covered the entire population, while the benefits extend.
When creating Social Security, France imitated more the Bismarckian system (insurance for workers) than the Beveridge one (widespread solidarity). Over the years, the solidarity (as opposed to a system of contributions) has gradually developed in the French system, which the foundation remains the concept of insurance. However, the desire to establish a universal system has faced opposition. This explains why the French welfare system is plural, with a wide variety of actors. The most important is the general scheme for employees of industry, commerce and services.
Overview.
The French social protection system is gradually becoming universal, covering all individuals. At its origins (end of the nineteenth century), social protection has been built as a system of social insurance. Insurance was tied to the exercise of an occupation and the benefits were provided in case of the risk of loss of income due to the forced inactivity (accident, sickness, unemployment, old age). It only covered workers and their families. The right to social benefits depended on the payment of social security contributions, itself related to earnings. Non-employees, or individuals who have not contributed during their occupation, were entitled to welfare, reserved for cases of extreme distress.
Since its creation on October 4, 1945, Social Security administrations has had the objective of gradually extending social protection to all residents of the territory. Each member of the national community has now the right to benefit a minimum standard of living, whether exercising a profession and regardless of the ability to contribute. Indeed, the 22 August 1946 law extended the family allowances to the entire population.
The old age risk coverage has been almost universal since the establishment of minimum pension (1956) guaranteeing everyone a minimum pension, regardless of contributions to the mandatory pension insurance scheme. Health insurance has become universal after the establishment of personal insurance in case of sickness (1978) and especially since the Universal Health Coverage, established in 1999, allowing everyone to access a minimum of care. In addition, the "social minima", benefits ensuring a minimum income to a person in an insecure situation, offer anyone a minimum of resources to fight against the risk of social exclusion. 
Organisation.
The social protection is largely dependent on the state. The state is a key player in the field of social protection. It produces legal texts, oversees the various agencies (including the Social Security administrations) and partly finance social protection through taxes or subsidies. However, it plays a role more or less important in the various forms of social protection. Social protection is organized into four levels. 
Social Security.
The Social Security administrations provides basic coverage of four kind of risks: "illness, maternity, disability, death", "accidents , illnesses", "old age" and "family". Each of these four risks correspond to a branch. The system is divided in different schemes classifying people according to their professional activity. These four schemes are:
Social Security administrations, established by the State in 1945, are managed by the social partners (employers' representatives and trade unions). The resources of Social Security (payroll taxes, i.e. social contributions) and expenses (benefits and allowances) has been determined since 1996 by the laws of social security funding, voted annually by the Parliament. The funds are collected by the URSSAF.
Complementary schemes.
The complementary schemes provide additional coverage for risks already covered by Social Security. Some are mandatory (supplemental pension plans of private sector employees) and other optional (mutual health insurance, pension plans).
Social partners set only the amount of revenue and expenditure allocated to these schemes. However, there are mandatory schemes (unemployment insurance or pensions of employees), and schemes who remain optional (mutual benefit societies).
UNEDIC.
The UNEDIC (National Union for Employment in Industry and Commerce) administers the unemployment insurance system.
Central government.
The central government and the local administrations provide some assistance, mainly support to the poorest. Social assistance includes welfare benefits defined by law, and is therefore provided when conditions are met. They are provided and funded mainly by departments, but also by the central government (RMI or allowance for disabled adults).
Resources.
The resources of social protection are constantly increasing. They follow the growth of welfare spending. They fall into three categories: social contributions, "allocated taxes" (called so because the social protection is traditionally not financed by taxes) and contributions of the central government.
Social contributions.
In recent years, the share of resources financing social protection has been changing. Traditionally, French social protection was financed by contributions rather than by taxes. Over the last three decades, there has been a reduction in the proportion of contributions (although still the primary source of funding) and an increase in funding from broader fiscal measures. In particular, revenue from the General Social Contribution (CSG), created in 1991, has increased considerably to become the second most important fiscal stream in France (after VAT). This development has arisen from the need to finance social protection not only with deductions from earnings, but also from a broader base. It also helps distinguish the financing of benefits corresponding to national solidarity from those covered by insurance. France has thus come closer to the average European Union member's social protection financing structure, although it remains among the countries having the highest percentage of direct contributions relative to earnings.
Social security contributions are mandatory payments made by the self-employed and employees (and their employers) to acquire rights to social benefits. They are not considered taxes in France, while in many Anglo-Saxon countries these contributions correspond to the payroll tax (or to a "pseudo-tax" by simply being added to total government revenue). The distinction between taxes and contributions is justified by the fact that contributions provide for direct benefits, while taxes are part of a solidarity system. There are five social security contributions that correspond to various risks. The traditional contributions are sickness-maternity-insurance-disability-death, old age, widowhood, and accidents at work. In 2004, the new solidarity contribution for autonomy (CSA) has been implemented. It is paid by private and public employers for health insurance.
Social contributions represent a major part of social welfare (66% in 2007). Indeed, social protection was built in France on a logic of social insurance system inspired by that implemented by Bismarck in Germany in the late nineteenth century. Their proportion has tended to decrease since the 1990s, because they are being replaced by fiscal resources, but also because of various contribution exemptions.
Assigned taxes.
The funding by the tax "assigned taxes" constitutes a growing share of Social Welfare (nearly 21% in 2007, excluding transfers). This increase responds to the need not to weigh the financing of social benefits solely on labor income, and distinguish the financing of benefits under the National Solidarity and those of insurance. The "assigned taxes" are fiscal resources allocated to the financing of social benefits. They include:
The General Social Contribution.
The Generalized Social Contribution (CSG) is a tax to fund health insurance family benefits and the Retirement Solidarity Fund (FSV). Created by the 1990 Finance Act, it is payable by all residents in France, except (for earned & retirement income) those who are not members of any French compulsory medical insurance scheme. It is levied at source on most income, excluding benefits and family. Its rate, modified in 2005, amounts to 7.5% for earned income (salaries, bonuses), heritage and placement (annuities, capital gains) and 8.2% for unearned income and investment (annuities, capital gains). There are reduced rates for income from benefits (pensions, unemployment benefits).
The CSG aims to diversify the financing of social protection, based mainly on social contributions. The traditional system had become questionable because social contributions used to be a burden for employers, for contributions are levied on earnings, i.e. they are part of the labor costs. In addition, only incomes from work used to contribute. 
The CSG enabled to ease the burden of social security contributions on wages, to promote a way of funding consistent with the widespread use of Social Security benefits, and to force all household incomes to contribute (e.g. income from work but also property), contrary to social contributions. His return is important (75 billion euros) and represents almost two-thirds of taxes allocated to social protection (65%). The CSG is currently the second most important tax in France, after the VAT.
Central government contributions.
Contributions of the central government and attached bodies made up 10% of the social protection in 2007. They finance expenditure for solidarity purposes, including the Revenu Minimum d'Insertion (assurance of minimum income) and Fonds de solidarité vieillesse (solidarity fund retirement). They also finance part of employers’ contributions exemptions for low wages and subsidize some schemes (pension plans of certain professions in which the number of active contributors is less than the number of retirees).
Allowances.
Social benefits amount to 30% of gross domestic product and around 45% of household income. 
Three quarters of these benefits are paid by social security. The Social Welfare Report, published annually distinguishes five categories of benefits for as many risks:
History.
The 1789 the French Revolution replaced the solidarity performed in the home or business (corporations) by a national solidarity based on assistance, made official in the Declaration of Human Rights. But the deficiencies of the assistance gave birth early in the twentieth century to early attempts to create a social security system. During the industrialization revolution in the nineteenth century, some new forms of protection have been developed. The fraternal benefit societies, succeeding the corporations of the Old Regime abolished in 1791, based on voluntary collective foresight and limited to some activities or some businesses. They were legally recognized in 1835, and obtained full freedom of establishment and encouragement of the State in 1898. There were also local welfare systems for poor individual or family.
From the 1890s, the State imitated the measures developed by Otto von Bismarck in Germany. In 1893 was established free medical assistance. In 1904 the department of child welfare was created and in 1905 assistance to infirm and incurable old people. Mutual benefit societies, based on volunteering and social assistance, had benefited only a limited portion of the population. This is why early in the twentieth century, there were attempts to implement the insurance of certain social risks. In 1898 was recognized the responsibility of the employer in case of accidents on the workplace, with the possibility to ensure to cope with that risk. For old people a law in 1910 established a compulsory insurance scheme for employees of trade and industry. Laws in 1928 and 1930 set up insurance for the risks of illness, maternity, invalidity, old age and death for employees, plus a special scheme for farmers. In 1932, a law provided families with allowances to cover expenses, financed by employer. On the eve of World War II, France has, officially, a comprehensive protection system but that fragile.
In 1945 the objectives for the system of social security were the unification of the system, the generalization of the protection and the extension of the coverage of risks, under the dual influence of Beveridge report of 1942 and the Bismarckian roots. The 4 October 1945 Order provides a coordinated network of "caisses" replacing the multiple previous agencies. However, the unit was not achieved at that time. Agricultural occupations retained their specific institutions. Employees benefiting special arrangements refused to integrate into the general system, and retained their own system, declared "transitional", but which is still lasting. These specific arrangements concern officials, sailors, railway workers, miners, among others. The 19 October 1945 Order built a system for illness, maternity, invalidity, old age, death. A law in 1946 extended the family allowances to the entire population and another law incorporated injury at work to Social Security.
Recent evolution.
In recent years, there were growing concerns about the rise in social exclusion among the population.
According to a survey published by the CREDOC, a third of people between 25 and 59 had difficulty of insertion (unemployment during more than a year, beneficiaries of minimum social assistance or helped contract). On 2 October 2007, the newly elected French President Nicolas Sarkozy announced the organization of a Grenelle Insertion dedicated to the transformation of integration policies. Dedicated to return to work, the Grenelle insertion was concluded on 27 May 2008. It insisted on the need to reform the insertion system.
The various measures that had implemented to fight social exclusion -in particular the income support allowance (RMI), the single parent allowance (API) and the allocation disabled adult (AAH)- were criticized for favoring unemployment and working poverty, exclusion and precariousness. Indeed, the government claimed the gains from return to work, after a period of unemployment, were offset by the reduction of social benefits paid in the previous period. That led to threshold effects and to inactivity trap situations. The National Observatory of Poverty and social exclusion said that the number of excluded people was deteriorating, while the number of working poor's was increasing (1.7 million in 2005).
The Grenelle Insertion was initiated on November 2007 to establish, for 6 months, negotiations and talks between social partners to rethink the whole system of insertion. Notably, it was decided that the income of active solidarity (RSA) be implemented. The RSA is intended to offset the loss of certain social benefits when resuming employment and provides additional income to the working poor.
References.
Official sources

</doc>
<doc id="20434860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434860" title="1990 Lipton International Players Championships">
1990 Lipton International Players Championships

The 1990 Lipton International Players Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 6th edition of the Miami tournament, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1990 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 1990 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Key Biscayne, Florida in the United States, from March 12 through March 26, 1990.
The men's field was headlined by World No. 1, Australian Open champion, Milan, Toronto indoor, 1989 Key Biscayne winner Ivan Lendl, Brussels titlist, US Open and Wimbledon defending champion Boris Becker and Australian Open finalist, Indian Wells winner Stefan Edberg. Other top players in the field were Rotterdam titlist Brad Gilbert, San Francisco winner Andre Agassi, Aaron Krickstein, Jay Berger and Tim Mayotte.

</doc>
<doc id="20434889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434889" title="Mildred Schwab">
Mildred Schwab

Mildred Schwab (January 9, 1917 — c. January 13, 1999) was an attorney and politician from Portland, Oregon, in the United States. She served as a City Commissioner from 1973 to 1986; she was appointed to fill the vacancy created when Neil Goldschmidt was elected mayor, and was reelected three times. Her brother, Herbert M. Schwab, served on the Oregon Court of Appeals.
She was born to Jewish immigrants and grew up in northeast Portland, at the poor end of lower middle class.
She attend Grant High School and the Northwestern School of Business. She was one of the first women to study law, and graduated from Northwestern College of Law (at Lewis & Clark College) in 1939 and qualified for the Oregon Bar. She worked as a lawyer until her appointment to the Portland City Council in January 1973.
In 1971, Portland still had two lunch spots closed to women. Schwab organized a sit-in at Perkins' Pub (in the basement of Lipman-Wolfe) which succeeded in opening the establishment to women. She also was part of a small group (also including Gretchen Kafoury) who opened City Club of Portland to women. She was the first woman nominated to be a Portland Rose Festival ambassador (or Royal Rosarian), though she declined the honor.
Part of her time as city commissioner was in charge of the police and fire departments—Portland's equivalent of police commissioner—for which she received great support.

</doc>
<doc id="20434937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434937" title="The Olympian (novel)">
The Olympian (novel)

The Olympian: A Story of the City is a novel by the American writer James Oppenheim (1882–1932) set in turn-of-the-century Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It tells the Horatio Alger story of Kirby Trask, who rises from the working-class to become a steel magnate.

</doc>
<doc id="20434976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434976" title="Phil Ball (baseball)">
Phil Ball (baseball)

Philip De Catesby Ball (born October 22, 1864 in Keokuk, Iowa – died October 22, 1933 in St. Louis, Missouri) was the owner of the St. Louis Terriers of the Federal League from through and the St. Louis Browns of the American League from through . His death from septicemia was reported in the Milestones section of "Time" magazine October 30, 1933. Ball's estate owned the Browns after his death until , when the team was sold to Donald Lee Barnes.

</doc>
<doc id="20434994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20434994" title="Aknoor">
Aknoor

Aknoor is a village panchayat in Cherial mandal in Warangal district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Aknoor village has about 800 year old Rudreshwara (Shiva) Temple inaugurated by Kakatiya King Ganapapathy Deva in the year 1199. This village has many dismantled Jain Temples and other historic value.
VANGALA (Deshmukh Reddy) family is the only prominent and well-known family in the village and around Cherial Area. This well-known family has unmatched traditional resources,influence & respect in the area, with 3 highly respected brothers: Vangala Raghava Reddy Deshmukh, Vangala Prakash Reddy Deshmikh & Late Vangala Narsimha Reddy Deshmukh.. They donated the lands to village Roads, to Shiva Temple expansion and to many poor and needy villagers. This family controlled surrounding 8 villages Patwari, police and Maali Patel posts until 1980s, with effective law and order command in all 8 villages.
In that village there was a powerful man "AVVAL NARAYANA". He as Sarpanch of Aknoor village for 18 years he served a lot of poor people and he started a NISHKAMA KALA KENDRAM for poor people, there are lot of cultural activities classes given to people. And established NIshkama Kala Kendram Schools surroundings villages so many members are developed in many organizations like MLA's & MLC's, Doctors,Abroad and so many cultural activities like Sangeetham Sahityam, given with THOKALA VENKATA RAJAIAH His is one of student of Nishkama Kala Kendram and his worked in Aknoor ZPSS High School Telugu Pandit Grade -I and he write a book of "Swararagha Sudh Malika" ingratiated in October 2013. 
also in that village ABBU KISTAIAH as sarpanch for nearly 20 years developed village by bringing electricity,water,etc
Bade venkata hanumaiah was a famous person and most respected dynamic person who served the village as patwary in between 1967-1984.then after n.t.ramarao ruled out patwary system as a result of which he faced struggle to run family and he has some agriculture land of around 25 acres .he did farming and kept almost all the crops in his land. Even though his surname was brahmabatla he was famous as bade venkata hanumaiah as he is most respected person in the village.he used to solve all the issues in the village and he attended many panchayats and solved many problems of village residents.he is very close friend to late vangala narsimha reddy(who has been killed by naxals) and raghava reddy.
References.
Location in Google Maps

</doc>
<doc id="20435003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435003" title="2009 Orange Bowl">
2009 Orange Bowl

The 2009 FedEx Orange Bowl was the 75th edition of the annual American college football bowl game known as the Orange Bowl. It pitted the 2008 Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) champion Virginia Tech Hokies against the Big East Conference champion Cincinnati Bearcats on January 1, 2009, at Dolphin Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida. Virginia Tech defeated Cincinnati, 20–7. The game was the second contest in the 2008–2009 Bowl Championship Series (BCS) of the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season and was the concluding game of the season for both teams. The game was televised in the United States on FOX, and an estimated 9.3 million viewers watched the broadcast live.
Virginia Tech was selected to participate in the Orange Bowl after a 9–4 season that culminated in a 30–12 victory in the 2008 ACC Championship Game. Cincinnati was selected as the other half of the matchup after a 11–2 season that ended with a 29–24 win against Hawaii. In the weeks between the teams' selection and the playing of the game, media attention focused on the nature of Cincinnati's first BCS game appearance and Virginia Tech's attempt to win its first BCS game since 1995. Attention also focused on Cincinnati's proficient offense and Virginia Tech's highly rated defense.
The game kicked off at 8:47 p.m. Eastern Standard Time in warm weather, and Cincinnati scored first, converting the game's opening possession into a touchdown and a 7–0 lead in the first quarter. Virginia Tech responded in the second quarter, tying the game at seven before taking a 10–7 lead with a field goal as time expired in the first half. In the third quarter, the two teams battled defensively, with only the Hokies able to score any points as Tech extended its lead to 13–7. During the final quarter, Virginia Tech scored its second touchdown of the game, giving the Hokies a 20–7 lead that lasted until time expired.
In recognition of his performance during the game, Virginia Tech running back Darren Evans was named the game's most valuable player. He set a Virginia Tech bowl-game record for carries and tied the Tech record for rushing yards in a bowl game. Cincinnati replaced two coaches after the loss, and three months after the game, players from each team entered the National Football League (NFL) via the 2009 NFL Draft. Cincinnati had six players selected in the draft, while Virginia Tech had one.
Team selection.
The Orange Bowl is one of five Bowl Championship Series (BCS) bowl games that have been played at the conclusion of every college football season since 2006. As defined by contract, the bowl matches the champion of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) against an at-large pick chosen by a special committee. On December 6, 2008, the Virginia Tech Hokies defeated the Boston College Eagles in the 2008 ACC Championship Game, thus winning an automatic bid to the 2009 Orange Bowl Game.
The at-large spot in the Orange Bowl was filled via a round-robin selection procedure defined by the other Bowl Championship series games (the Sugar, Fiesta, and Rose bowls) and the automatic bids. The order of at-large selections rotates annually among the BCS bowls. In 2009, the Fiesta Bowl picked first, followed by the Sugar Bowl, then the Orange Bowl. The Fiesta Bowl picked Ohio State, while the Sugar Bowl selected Utah. The Orange Bowl was thus left to select Big East Conference champion Cincinnati, fulfilling the BCS' contractual obligation to provide a game for the conference's champion.
Cincinnati.
The Cincinnati Bearcats ended the 2007 college football season with a 10–2 record, including a win in the 2007 PapaJohns.com Bowl over Southern Miss 31–21. It was only the second time in school history that Cincinnati had won 10 games in a season. Before the 2008 season, the Bearcats hoped quarterback Ben Mauk would be allowed to play an unusual sixth year of college football, a possibility created by a year lost to injury and a redshirt year. After Mauk's request was denied by the NCAA, the annual poll of media covering Big East football picked Cincinnati to finish fifth in the eight-team Big East.
The Bearcats opened the 2008 college football season against , winning 40–7 in an offensive effort led by senior quarterback Dustin Grutza, who was named the team's starter at that position following Mauk's dismissal. For its second game of the season, Cincinnati traveled to Norman, Oklahoma to face the Oklahoma Sooners for the first time. In a 52–26 loss to a team that would play for the national championship that season, Grutza broke his ankle and was replaced by junior Tony Pike.
For their third game of the season, the Bearcats returned to Nippert Stadium—their home field—to play the first of two Mid-American Conference (MAC) opponents, in-state rival Miami. In the 113th Battle for the Victory Bell, Cincinnati won, 45–20. Following the victory against Miami, the Bearcats traveled to Akron, Ohio to play the Akron Zips. Against the Zips, Pike broke his arm and was replaced by redshirt freshman Chazz Anderson, who was also injured during the game. Fellow redshirt freshman Zach Collaros then entered the game and led the Bearcats to a 17–15 victory. The close win against Akron was followed by a 33–10 win over Marshall, the Bearcats' final nonconference game before beginning Big East play.
At the start of conference play, the Bearcats were 4–1, and their only loss was against top-five opponent Oklahoma. With Pike still injured, Cincinnati beat Rutgers, 13–10, in the Bearcats' first Big East game of the season. The Bearcats suffered their second defeat of the season in the following week, however, losing to the UConn Huskies, 40–16. Pike returned from the injury and had the Bearcats leading at halftime, but he left the game at the half when numbness in his non-throwing hand prevented him from being able to take the snap. In the two weeks that followed the loss to the Huskies, Cincinnati recovered to beat two top-25 opponents: No. 23 South Florida and No. 20 West Virginia. The two victories pushed the Bearcats to a 3–1 conference record and the No. 22 position in the AP Poll before Cincinnati's annual rivalry game against Louisville. That game, also known as the Battle for The Keg of Nails, ended in a Cincinnati victory for the first time since 2002.
Following the rivalry game win, Cincinnati played the Pittsburgh Panthers in a game for control of first place in the Big East. In front of a record crowd at Cincinnati's home field, the Bearcats claimed first place with a 28–21 win. Heading into its game against the Syracuse Orange, Cincinnati was assured at least a share of the Big East Championship, but a 30–10 win over Syracuse gave the Bearcats sole possession of the championship, the first Big East title in school history. After clinching the Big East Championship and a bid to a BCS bowl, Cincinnati ended the regular season with a game in Hawaii against the Hawaii Warriors. Despite trailing for much of the game, the Bearcats scored 19 unanswered points and ended the regular season with a 29–24 victory. Already assured a BCS berth by virtue of their Big East championship, on December 7, 2008, the Bearcats were selected to participate in the 2009 Orange Bowl.
Virginia Tech.
The Virginia Tech Hokies entered the 2008 season after an 11–3 overall 2007 record that included a win in the 2007 ACC Championship Game and a loss to the Kansas Jayhawks in the 2008 Orange Bowl. Although the Hokies won the ACC for the second time in less than four years, fans and analysts anticipated Virginia Tech would spend 2008 rebuilding a team that saw 12 starters graduate or enter the National Football League (NFL) Draft. Though picked in a preseason poll to win the Coastal Division of the ACC, the Hokies were upset in their season opener by East Carolina University.
Following the loss, Virginia Tech head coach Frank Beamer announced that backup quarterback Tyrod Taylor, who had previously been expected to redshirt and sit out the season, would play in the Hokies' second game, against . Both Taylor and Sean Glennon performed well against Furman, and Tech won, 24–7. Tech's third game of the season came against the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets, who were debuting a new offensive system the spread option under first-year head coach Paul Johnson. Unlike the game against Furman, Taylor started the game and remained at quarterback throughout, guiding the Hokies to their first ACC victory of the season, 20–17. The win gave Tech the tiebreaker against the Yellow Jackets in the event of a tie in the division standings at the end of the season. The Hokies' fourth game of the season came against the North Carolina Tar Heels, who were defeated by the same margin of victory as Tech's win against Georgia Tech, 20–17.
The twin conference victories were followed by two out-of-conference wins: at Big 12 opponent Nebraska and against independent Western Kentucky. At the end of the four-game winning streak, the Hokies had a 4–1 record, 2–0 in conference, and were ranked No. 17 in the country. On October 18, however, the Hokies lost to unranked Boston College in Boston, 28–23. The game was a rematch of the previous year's ACC Championship Game and was a preview of the 2008 ACC Championship Game matchup. The loss was the start of a skid that saw Tech lose three of four games, only managing a victory against Maryland, 23–13. The final contest of that four-game stretch was a 16–13 loss to Coastal Division rival Miami, which then held the tiebreaker over the Hokies in the event of any head-to-head tie.
During the last two games of the regular season, however, the Hokies managed two victories: a 14–3 win against last-place ACC team Duke, and a 17–14 triumph over traditional rival Virginia. Miami, meanwhile, lost its final two games of the season: against Georgia Tech and North Carolina State. These losses dropped Miami to a 4–4 record in the ACC, one game behind the Hokies, who were tied with Georgia Tech at 5–3 following the end of the regular season. By virtue of the Hokies' head-to-head win against the Yellow Jackets, Virginia Tech won the Coastal Division and a spot in the ACC Championship Game. When Tech won the championship game against Atlantic Division champion Boston College, 30–12, it was awarded the ACC's automatic bid to the Orange Bowl.
Pregame buildup.
Pregame media coverage of the game focused on the fact that the 2009 Orange Bowl was Cincinnati's first Bowl Championship Series game in school history. For Virginia Tech, coverage focused on the Hokies' winless history in BCS games since 1995, as Tech had lost all four of its appearances in a BCS game since an upset win over Texas in the 1995 Sugar Bowl. Also mentioned was the fact that the two teams had faced each other in the 1947 Sun Bowl, which had been each school's first bowl game. The low win rate of ACC teams in general was another point of interest. Teams from the conference had won just one of their ten appearances in a BCS bowl before the Orange Bowl. Before the Orange Bowl matchup, the two teams last played in 2006, when the Hokies defeated the Bearcats, 29–13, at Virginia Tech's home field, Lane Stadium. For the Orange Bowl, spread bettors favored a reversal of that 2006 final, as Cincinnati was initially favored by one point. This expanded to 1.5 points by December 9. The trend toward Cincinnati continued, and on December 27, betting organizations gave Cincinnati the edge by two or two and a half points.
The game featured two teams both ranked lower than the two teams playing in a non-BCS bowl, a first in BCS history. The 2008 Poinsettia Bowl featured the No. 9 Boise State Broncos against the No. 11 TCU Horned Frogs. In Miami, Virginia Tech and Cincinnati each made preparations to switch accommodations to a different hotel on the day before the game to better simulate the feel of a regular-season game. Cincinnati's move was accelerated a day when rapper Sean "Diddy" Combs moved into the hotel and coaches, seeking to avoid a distraction, moved up the date of the team's departure.
Ticket sales.
The pace of ticket sales for the Orange Bowl varied wildly between the two schools. Each team received an allotment of 17,500 tickets to sell to its fans, and each school sold about 4,000 tickets in the two days immediately following the announcement. Media covering Virginia Tech considered the rate of ticket sales to be slow because the Hokies had sold 50 percent more during a similar timeframe the previous year. Media following Cincinnati ticket sales considered the pace to be fast, calling the Orange Bowl game a "hot ticket". The $125 tickets sold by Cincinnati generated the largest amount of ticket sale revenue ever recorded by the Cincinnati Athletics Department, netting the school more than $500,000 in the first day of sales. Travel agencies offered packages including game tickets, airfare, and a hotel room to fans of both teams. Owing to the demand, fans were warned against the danger of counterfeit tickets.
In the days immediately following the announcement of the matchup, ticket sales diverged. By December 12, Cincinnati sold about 9,000 tickets. This total increased to approximately 13,000 tickets by December 20, and the school prepared multiple tour buses for a student convoy to the game. At Virginia Tech, meanwhile, sales lagged. In an effort to spur sales, Tech administrators had head football coach Frank Beamer star in a video asking Hokies fans to buy tickets to the game. Owing to limited demand for tickets, prices in the secondary market plunged.
As late as December 31, neither team had sold its entire allotment of 17,500 tickets. Cincinnati fans had bought 13,000 tickets, while Virginia Tech fans bought fewer than 5,000 tickets from the school's allotment. Countering Virginia Tech's low direct ticket sales were large numbers of fans who avoided paying face value for tickets—US$125—by buying them on the secondary market, often for as little as 99 cents.
Cincinnati offense.
Before the Orange Bowl, Cincinnati was ranked 50th (of 119 Division I FBS teams) in total offense. The team was ranked 24th in passing offense, with the five quarterbacks pressed into service during the season averaging 254.1 passing yards per game. By the end of the season, Tony Pike emerged as Cincinnati's sole starting quarterback. He finished the regular season having completed 183 of 291 pass attempts for 2,168 yards, 18 touchdowns, and 7 interceptions. He ranked second in the Big East and 29th nationally in passing efficiency with a passer rating of 141.07.
Among Cincinnati receivers, there was none of the uncertainty that afflicted the Bearcats' quarterbacks. Wide receiver Mardy Gilyard caught 74 passes during the regular season, setting a Cincinnati record with 1,118 receiving yards. He also had 10 touchdowns during the season, leading all Cincinnati players. Gilyard also played as the Bearcats' primary kick returner. He returned 32 kicks, accumulating a school-record 897 yards and 2 touchdowns. Fellow wide receiver Dominick Goodman outpaced Gilyard in receptions with 78, but he had only 977 receiving yards and 7 touchdowns. On the first play of Cincinnati's game against Hawaii, Dominick injured his shoulder and his ability to play in the Orange Bowl was in doubt.
Cincinnati's ground offense was less statistically significant than its passing offense. It was led by running back Jacob Ramsey, who carried the ball 148 times for 630 yards and two touchdowns. Backup running back John Goebel had 124 rushing attempts for 581 yards and 7 touchdowns.
Virginia Tech offense.
At the conclusion of the regular season before the Orange Bowl, Virginia Tech's offense was ranked among the worst in Division I, 107th among 119 teams. The Hokies averaged just 296 yards per game during the regular season, and during the ACC Championship Game—the last Tech game before the Orange Bowl—had created a season-low 234 yards of offense. Starting left guard Nick Marshman was not expected to play after becoming academically ineligible following the fall semester, and was replaced by redshirt freshman Jaymes Brooks.
On the field, the Hokies' offense was led by quarterback Tyrod Taylor, who completed 86 of his 151 pass attempts for 896 yards, 2 touchdowns, and 6 interceptions in the season before the Orange Bowl. He also carried the ball 132 times for a total gain of 691 yards and 6 touchdowns on the ground. As successful as Taylor was rushing the ball, Virginia Tech's offense on the ground was led by freshman running back Darren Evans, who set a Virginia Tech freshman record for rushing yards by accumulating 1,112 during the regular season. He also scored 10 touchdowns, was named a second-team All-ACC player, and finished second in the voting for the ACC's rookie of the year award. Evans became the sixth freshman in the history of the Atlantic Coast Conference to rush for more than 1,000 yards and set a Virginia Tech single-game record for rushing yards when he ran for 253 yards in Tech's game against Maryland.
Cincinnati defense.
Entering the Orange Bowl, the Bearcats were ranked 26th in total defense, allowing an average of 316 yards per game to opposing offenses. Cincinnati was 26th in scoring defense, permitting an average of 20.2 points per game. The Bearcats were No. 1 in sacks among Big East teams, recording 35 during the season.
Defensive end Connor Barwin led the Bearcats' defense in sacks with 11, a figure that also was the highest in the Big East and No. 14 nationally. He finished the regular season with 48 tackles, a figure that included the 11 sacks. In recognition of his performance, he was named a first-team All-Big East selection, signifying his status as the best player at his position in the conference.
In the defensive secondary, the Bearcats were led by cornerback Mike Mickens and safety Brandon Underwood. Mickens was a second-team All-Big East selection, and Underwood was a first-team All-Big East selection. Mickens was Cincinnati's career leader in interceptions and interception return yardage, and had 65 tackles (third on the team) despite missing three games due to injury. Underwood was fifth on the team in tackles with 60, and had 3 interceptions and 6 pass breakups.
The most notable player for Cincinnati, however, was punter Kevin Huber, who was named an Associated Press All-American and became the first player in Bearcats history to earn that honor in two consecutive years. Thanks to Huber's performance during the regular season, Cincinnati led the country in punting average (41.5 yards per kick) and was No. 1 in the Big East for the second consecutive year.
Virginia Tech defense.
Virginia Tech's defense was considered among the best in Division I before the Orange Bowl. The Hokies were ranked seventh in total defense, allowing just 277.08 yards per game on average. Virginia Tech also was highly ranked in several other defensive categories: eighth in turnovers gained (30), 13th in scoring defense (17.46 points per game), 15th in pass defense (170.08 yards per game), and 19th in rushing defense (107.00 yards per game). The Hokies' defense also scored five defensive touchdowns during the regular season.
Tech's defense was led on the field by senior cornerback Victor "Macho" Harris. During the regular season, Harris tied for fifth in the country in interceptions with six, including two returned for touchdowns. He also had 44 tackles, and was named the top defensive player in the state of Virginia. At defensive end, Tech featured Orion Martin, a former walk-on who rose to a starting position and had 7.5 sacks, 13 tackles for loss, and 53 tackles during the regular season. Heading into the Orange Bowl, the Hokies' defense was afflicted by injuries. Defensive end Jason Worilds had a shoulder injury. Starting linebacker Brett Warren, who had 86 tackles, with 5 tackles for loss, 2 forced fumbles, and 2 interceptions during the regular season, suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament and was expected to miss the game.
Game summary.
The 2009 Orange Bowl kicked off at 8:47 p.m. Eastern Standard Time (EST) at Dolphin Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida. An estimated total of 73,602 tickets were sold for the game, but bowl officials estimated 15,781 sold tickets went unused, giving a turnstile attendance of 57,821. The game was televised on FOX, and the announcers were Thom Brennaman, Charles Davis, and Chris Myers. An estimated 9.3 million viewers watched the broadcast, earning it a Nielsen rating of 5.4. Figures on the total payout vary, but Virginia Tech and Cincinnati each received between $17 million and $18 million for playing in the Orange Bowl, an amount that was shared with the other teams in each school's athletic conference.
The ceremonial performance of the national anthem was played on trumpet by Arturo Sandoval. At the start of the game, the weather was clear, with an air temperature of and relative humidity of 69 percent. The wind was from the northeast at . J. O'Neill was the referee, B. Neale was the umpire, and the linesman was J. Quinn. Orange Bowl Committee chairman Daniel Ponce performed the ceremonial pre-game coin toss to determine first possession. The toss was won by Virginia Tech, which elected to receive the ball to begin the second half, ensuring Cincinnati the right to receive the ball to begin the game.
First quarter.
Virginia Tech's opening kickoff was returned to the Cincinnati 28-yard line, where the Bearcats executed the game's first play, a five-yard run by running back John Goebel. On the next play, the Bearcats earned the game's initial first down with a 13-yard pass from quarterback Tony Pike to wide receiver Dominick Goodman. Now at their 46-yard line, Pike then threw his second-longest completed pass of the game, a 38-yard pass to wide receiver Mardy Gilyard. The play advanced the Bearcats' offense to the Virginia Tech 16-yard line, and three plays later, Pike completed a 15-yard pass to Gilyard for a touchdown and the game's first points. The extra point kick by Cincinnati kicker Jake Rogers was good, and with 13:08 remaining in the opening quarter, the Bearcats took a 7–0 lead over Virginia Tech.
Cincinnati's kickoff after the touchdown was returned to the Virginia Tech 24-yard line, and the Hokies prepared for their first offensive possession of the game. That play was a 27-yard run by wide receiver Dyrell Roberts, who ran an end-around for the big gain. Now on the Cincinnati side of the field, Virginia Tech running Back Darren Evans ran for one yard, then Hokies quarterback Tyrod Taylor completed a 34-yard pass to wide receiver Danny Coale. The catch gave Virginia Tech a first down at the Cincinnati 14-yard line. On the first play following the long completion, Evans was tackled for a six-yard loss, pushing the Hokies back to the Bearcats' 20-yard line. Taylor made good the loss on the next two plays, rushing for a total of 11 yards, but was unable to gain another first down. Facing fourth down, Virginia Tech head coach Frank Beamer sent kicker Dustin Keys into the game to attempt a 26-yard field goal. The kick sailed right of the uprights, however, and Virginia Tech was denied a scoring opportunity.
After the missed kick, Cincinnati's offense took to the field at their 20-yard line. The Bearcats were not able to gain a first down, however, and went three and out before punting back to Virginia Tech. Following the kick, the Hokies started at their 16-yard line. Tech's first play of the drive was a 14-yard pass from Taylor to wide receiver Jarrett Boykin for a first down, but the Hokies were unable to gain another first down. Tech punted back to Cincinnati, and the ball rolled out of bounds at the Cincinnati 30-yard line. The first play of the drive resulted in a short loss, but on the second play, Pike completed a 39-yard pass to Gilyard. The play advanced the Bearcats deep into Virginia Tech territory and gave them a first down. Despite the long play, Cincinnati was unable to gain another first down, and Rogers entered the game to attempt a 44-yard field goal. The kick was partially blocked and fell short, denying the Bearcats three points. With 3:07 remaining in the quarter, Cincinnati still held a 7–0 lead.
Following the missed field goal, Virginia Tech's offense took over at their 27-yard line, the spot from which the kick had been missed. Taylor completed a 12-yard pass to Coale, then Evans ran 11 yards, advancing the ball to the 50-yard line. After a pass from Taylor fell incomplete, he completed his next two attempts for a total gain of 19 yards and a first down. Virginia Tech then committed a five-yard false start penalty, pushing the Hokies back to the Cincinnati 26-yard line. With time running out in the quarter, however, Virginia Tech running back Josh Oglesby made good the penalty with a 13-yard run to the Cincinnati 23-yard line. At the end of the first quarter, Cincinnati still led, 7–0.
Second quarter.
The second quarter began with Virginia Tech in possession of the ball and facing a second down and two at the Cincinnati 24-yard line. On the first play of the quarter, Cincinnati committed an offsides penalty, giving the Hokies five yards and a first down. From the Bearcats' 19-yard line, Taylor completed a two-yard pass. On the next play, Taylor attempted to run forward with the ball, but fumbled before recovering the loose football. Now facing third down, Taylor scrambled 18 yards to the goal line for Virginia Tech's first touchdown of the game. The extra point kick by Keys was good, and with 13:00 remaining in the quarter, the game was tied at 7–7.
Virginia Tech's post-touchdown kickoff was returned to the Cincinnati 28-yard line, and the Bearcats' offense began its first possession of the second quarter. Pike threw an incomplete pass, then connected on a 10-yard throw for a first down. That gain was countered on the next play by a 10-yard holding penalty against the Bearcats. Cincinnati was unable to regain the yardage lost to the penalty and punted. Following the kick, Virginia Tech was similarly stymied by consecutive penalties and a sack of Taylor by Cincinnati's Terrill Byrd. Tech punted, and the kick was returned by Cincinnati wide receiver D.J. Woods to the Virginia Tech 45-yard line. Despite starting in Virginia Tech's half of the field, Cincinnati was unable to capitalize and went three and out. The Bearcats' punt was downed at the Virginia Tech three-yard line, and the Hokies' offense returned to the field.
Despite being pinned against their own goal line, the Hokies initially had some success moving the ball. Taylor completed a two-yard pass, Evans ran for six yards, and Taylor ran for two yards on third down to earn a first down at the Tech 13-yard line. After a Tech timeout, Darren Evans ran for five yards. On the next play, he broke free for a 32-yard run, advancing the ball to the 50-yard line. The Hokies were unable to capitalize on Evans' run, however, as on the next play, a pass from Taylor was intercepted by Cincinnati defender Brandon Underwood at the Cincinnati 28-yard line.
Cincinnati's offense took over at the spot of the interception and immediately began moving down the field. Pike completed three consecutive passes: a five-yard pass to Gilyard, a 10-yard throw to Goodman, then a 31-yard toss to Gilyard. After the long throw, Cincinnati had a first down at the Virginia Tech 26-yard line. The Bearcats continued their drive after an incomplete pass by Pike with an 18-yard completion to Goebel that gave the Bearcats a first down at the Virginia Tech eight-yard line. Two plays later, however, Cincinnati's drive came to an end when Virginia Tech defender Stephan Virgil intercepted a pass from Pike to a player in the end zone, denying the Bearcats a chance to score. Virgil was downed in the end zone for a touchback, and Virginia Tech's offense started at its 20-yard line after the turnover.
Tech's drive began with a completed pass for no gain to Evans. This was followed by a five-yard run by Evans and a 23-yard pass from Taylor to tight end Greg Boone for a first down at the Tech 48-yard line. Taylor then completed a nine-yard pass to Boone. After two plays were stopped for no gain, Taylor ran two yards for a first down, keeping the drive alive. With time running out in the first half, Taylor completed a nine-yard pass to Boone, then ran six yards for a first down at the Cincinnati 26-yard line. The Hokies then called another timeout to stop the clock with three seconds remaining in the quarter. Tech kicker Dustin Keys returned to the game, and as time expired in the first half, he kicked a 43-yard field goal that gave the Hokies a 10–7 lead.
Third quarter.
Following a halftime musical performance by The Doobie Brothers, the second half began. Because Cincinnati received the ball to begin the game, Virginia Tech received the ball to begin the second half.
The Bearcats' kickoff was returned to the Tech 14-yard line, and the Hokies began the first drive of the third quarter. Evans rushed for four yards, but Oglesby lost four yards on a run during the next play. Facing third and ten, Taylor picked up the first down with an 11-yard run, but fumbled the ball at the end of the play. The loose ball was scooped up by Boone, who kept the Hokies' drive going at the Tech 30-yard line. After the fumble, Evans ran for seven yards and Taylor completed a 10-yard pass to Roberts for a first down at the Tech 47-yard line. Coale then rushed for seven yards on an end-around, and his run was followed by one by Boone, who ran for 16 yards and a first down at the Cincinnati 30-yard line. Two more rushes by Roberts and Evans resulted in another first down, but once the Hokies passed the Cincinnati 20-yard line, the Bearcats' defense stiffened and denied the Hokies another first down. Facing fourth down, Tech again sent in Keys, who kicked a 35-yard field goal. The kick extended Tech's lead to 13–7 with 8:32 remaining in the quarter.
Following Virginia Tech's kickoff, Cincinnati began its first drive of the second half at its 36-yard line. Pike was stopped for no gain on a rushing attempt, then attempted a long pass downfield. The ball was intercepted by Virginia Tech defender Kam Chancellor, and the Hokies' offense returned to the field after just two Cincinnati plays. Tech's first play after the interception resulted in Taylor being sacked by Cincinnati defender Brandon Underwood for a loss of three yards, but Darren Evans made up the lost yardage by rushing 14 yards to the Tech 43-yard line for a first down. Taylor and Evans alternated short rushes, then Taylor completed a five-yard pass to Coale for another first down, this one at the Cincinnati 47-yard line. Once in Cincinnati territory, however, the Hokies' offense faltered. Evans was tackled for a two-yard loss, then Taylor was sacked again, this time by John Hughes. A long pass attempt fell incomplete, and Tech punted for the first time in the second half. Returner Danny Milligan fumbled the ball, but he recovered the loose ball and returned it to the Cincinnati 20-yard line.
The Bearcats' second possession of the second half was more successful than their first. On the first play of the drive, running back Jacob Ramsey broke free of the Tech defense for a 25-yard run, the longest run of any Cincinnati player in the game. He followed that first-down run by gaining eight more yards on consecutive runs. Pike then ran three yards for a first down at the Tech 44-yard line. There, however, Cincinnati's offense sputtered and could not gain another first down. The Bearcats' punted, and the ball rolled out of bounds at the Tech 14-yard line with six seconds remaining in the quarter. The Hokies had time for one play, a 21-yard run by Evans to the Tech 35-yard line. With one quarter remaining, Virginia Tech had a 13–7 lead over Cincinnati.
Fourth quarter.
The fourth quarter began with Virginia Tech in possession of the ball and facing a first down at their 35-yard line. The first play of the quarter resulted in a 20-yard gain by Evans on a running play. After that, however, the Hokies did not gain another first down and punted to Cincinnati. Following the kick, the Bearcats started their first possession of the fourth quarter at their 14-yard line. Running back Isaiah Pead ran for three yards, but then a pass by Pike was intercepted at the 10-yard line by Tech defender Orion Martin. Three rushing plays later, Evans ran six yards for a touchdown. The extra point kick was good, and with 11:29 remaining in the game, Virginia Tech took a 20–7 lead.
The Tech kickoff was returned 17 yards by Gilyard to the Cincinnati 40-yard line, giving the Bearcats good field position to start their drive. Two rushes by Goebel resulted in 11 yards and a first down at the Tech 49-yard line. This success on the ground was followed by more through the air, as Pike completed three consecutive passes: a 16-yarder to Gilyard, a 3-yarder to Goodman, and a 14-yarder to Gilyard. Goebel then ran five yards to the Tech 11-yard line. Two Pike passes fell incomplete, setting up fourth down. Rather than attempt to kick a field goal, Cincinnati head coach Brian Kelly ordered the offense to attempt to convert the fourth down. This was done when Pike completed a seven-yard pass to Goodman for a first down at the Virginia Tech four-yard line. Two more Pike passes fell incomplete before Goebel rushed three yards to the Virginia Tech one-yard line. Cincinnati again faced a fourth down, and again, Kelly elected to attempt to score a touchdown rather than kick a field goal. Pike attempted to cross the goal line on a running play, but was stopped by the Virginia Tech defense. With 7:25 remaining in the game, Cincinnati turned the ball over on downs to the Virginia Tech offense, which returned to the field.
With a firm lead and now in possession of the ball, Virginia Tech began to run out the clock by executing short rushing plays up the center of the field. Since the game clock does not stop in American college football if a player remains in bounds short of the first down marker, the Hokies could hasten the end of the game and preserve their lead by following this strategy. From their one-yard line, Taylor ran the ball for a one-yard gain, followed by two rushes by Evans for another four yards. The Hokies prepared to punt the ball, but during the kick, Cincinnati committed a 15-yard personal foul penalty by tackling Tech punter Brent Bowden. The penalty gave Virginia Tech a first down and kept their drive going. From the Tech 21-yard line, Evans was stopped for a loss of one yard, but broke free for an 11-yard gain and a first down on the next play. As the clock continued to tick down, Cincinnati began to use its timeouts in an effort to stop the clock after each play. This strategy was partially successful, as Tech was denied another first down and punted with 2:31 remaining in the game.
The kick was returned to the Cincinnati 48-yard line, and the Bearcats prepared for a desperation drive in hopes of narrowing the Hokies' lead. On the first play after the punt, however, Pike threw an interception to Virginia Tech defender Cody Grimm. Back in possession of the ball, Taylor kneeled on the ball four times to wind down the game clock. After the final kneeldown, Virginia Tech secured the 20–7 win.
Statistical summary.
In recognition of his performance during the game, Virginia Tech running back Darren Evans was named the game's most valuable player. Evans finished the game with 28 carries for 158 yards and a touchdown. He also caught two passes for five yards, set a Virginia Tech bowl-game record for carries, and tied the Tech record for rushing yards. Evans finished the season with 1,265 rushing yards and 11 touchdowns–both marks were Virginia Tech records for a freshman. On the opposite side of the ball, Cincinnati's rushing offense was led by Jacob Ramsey, who finished the game with 4 carries for 34 yards. Cincinnati's John Goebel had nine carries but only accumulated 26 rushing yards.
Most of the Bearcats' offense came through the air, however. Cincinnati quarterback Tony Pike finished the game having completed 16 of his 33 pass attempts, resulting in 239 passing yards, 1 touchdown, and 4 interceptions. Pike also ran the ball five times for four yards. Pike's four interceptions were a career high and marked only the second time he threw more than one interception in a game. For Virginia Tech, quarterback Tyrod Taylor finished the game with 13 completions from 22 pass attempts, resulting in 140 passing yards and 1 interception. In addition to his passing, Taylor ran with the ball 15 times, gaining 47 yards and a touchdown in the process.
Taylor's favorite passing targets were wide receiver Danny Coale, who finished the game having caught three passes for 52 yards, and tight end Greg Boone, who caught 3 balls for 41 yards. On the Bearcats' side of the field, Cincinnati's Mardy Gilyard led all receivers with 7 catches for 158 yards and a touchdown. Gilyard's receiving total was his best of the season and set a new Cincinnati bowl-game record. He also set a Bearcat bowl-game record for kickoff return yardage, recording 97 yards in that category. Fellow Cincinnati receiver Dominick Goodman caught 6 passes for 51 yards, in the process becoming Cincinnati's all-time leader in career receiving yards.
The two teams' defenses also performed statistically well during the game. Cincinnati's Terrill Byrd led all defenders by recording 11 tackles during the game. Included in that total were four tackles for loss, including one sack. That performance was his best in terms of quantity during the season, and his four tackles for loss moved him into sixth place on Cincinnati's list of career tackles for loss leaders. For the Hokies, Dorian Porch had eight tackles, leading all Tech players. Cody Grimm, Orion Martin, Stephan Virgil, and Kam Chancellor each recorded one interception. The four interceptions were a Tech bowl-game record, and Chancellor's catch gave him six for the season, tying him with Victor Harris for the most on the team. It was the first time since 1968 that two Virginia Tech players had six interceptions apiece. Cincinnati's sole interception came at the hands of Brandon Underwood, who tallied his third of the season.
Each team found success on special teams as well. Cincinnati punter Kevin Huber, a first-team All-American, kicked the ball four times, averaging 45.8 yards per punt. A 56-yard punt in the first quarter marked the ninth consecutive game he had a kick of at least 50 yards. Virginia Tech placekicker Dustin Keys missed his first field goal attempt of the game but successfully converted his next two kicks, giving him 23 field goals and the Tech single-season record in that category.
Postgame effects.
Virginia Tech's victory raised it to a final record of 10–4, while Cincinnati's loss dropped it to a record of 11–3. The Hokies' 10-win season was the fifth consecutive year in which Tech recorded at least 10 wins, a feat matched only by the University of Southern California and the University of Texas during the same time period. As a reward for coaching the Hokies to an ACC Championship and an Orange Bowl championship, Virginia Tech coaches were given hundreds of thousands of dollars in bonuses.
In Miami, hoteliers and Dolphins Stadium had to quickly prepare for the arrival of Oklahoma and Florida, the two teams that played in the 2009 BCS National Championship Game one week after the Orange Bowl. Signs were changed, the playing field was repainted, and accommodations were prepared for the thousands of expected spectators. In total, South Florida's economy received an estimated $220 million boost from visitors who arrived to watch the two games.
Coaching changes.
In the postseason that followed the Bearcats' loss to Virginia Tech, Cincinnati assistant head coach and defensive line coach Keith Gilmore resigned to accept the position of defensive line coach at the University of Illinois. To replace Gilmore, Cincinnati promoted special teams coach Mike Elston, who assumed assistant coaching and defensive line duties. In February, Cincinnati defensive coordinator Joe Tresey was fired by the school. He subsequently was hired by the University of South Florida to fill that school's vacant defensive coordinator position. Replacing Tresey is Virginia defensive coordinator Bob Diaco.
2009 NFL Draft.
As the final game of the 2008–2009 regular season, the 2009 Orange Bowl gave Virginia Tech and Cincinnati players a chance to show their skills before the 2009 NFL Draft. Cincinnati had six players selected in the draft. Defensive end Connor Barwin was the first Bearcats player taken. He was picked in the second round, 46th overall. He was followed by punter Kevin Huber (142nd overall), cornerback DeAngelo Smith (143rd), cornerback Brandon Underwood (187th), cornerback Mike Mickens (227th), and guard Trevor Canfield (254th). Several Cincinnati players were signed as free agents after the draft. These included defensive tackle Adam Hoppel, linebacker Corey Smith, and offensive lineman Khalil El-Amin.
Virginia Tech had just one player taken in the 2009 draft: cornerback Victor Harris, who was picked by the Philadelphia Eagles with the 157th overall selection. Four Hokies were taken as free-agent selections after the draft. Defensive end Orion Martin, quarterback Sean Glennon, center Ryan Shuman, and fullback Devin Perez were signed to try out for various NFL teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20435056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435056" title="The Roundhill Academy">
The Roundhill Academy

The Roundhill Academy (formerly Roundhill Community College) is a high school with academy status in Thurmaston, Leicestershire. The school currently has an 11-14 intake. The most recent OFSTED inspection report (February 2014) identified the school as "Good" in every category and "the academy's work to ensure students are safe is outstanding". The school's mission statement is 'Achieving Success Through Learning Together'. The school wants every student to be the best that they can be, both inside and outside of the classroom. The Roundhill Academy has made the decision to become an 11-16 school and is currently awaiting DfE approval for this change. "The academy is a harmonious community. A clear ethos of mutual respect exists between adults and students and amongst the students themselves" (Ofsted, February 2014).

</doc>
<doc id="20435059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435059" title="2009 Sugar Bowl">
2009 Sugar Bowl

The 2009 Allstate Sugar Bowl was the 75th annual edition of the annual college football bowl game that is part of the 2008–09 bowl season of the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The game was played on Friday, January 2, 2009 at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana between the Utah Utes, champions of the Mountain West Conference, and the Alabama Crimson Tide, representing the Southeastern Conference.
The Sugar Bowl usually takes the champion of the SEC and pits them against an At-Large BCS team. However with the 2008 SEC Champion, Florida Gators being selected to play for the national championship game, the Sugar Bowl selected two At-Large BCS teams. The bowl kept their traditional ties with the Southeastern Conference for the second consecutive year though, in selecting the Alabama Crimson Tide with an at-large selection.
In the 2009 edition of this bowl game, the No. 6 Utes pulled off an upset of the heavily favored No. 4 Crimson Tide by a score of 31–17. Utah quarterback Brian Johnson was named Most Outstanding Player of the game. With this win, Utah completed the 2008 season as the only undefeated, 13–0 Division I FBS team in the nation, along with becoming the first team from a non-BCS conference to win two BCS bowls. It was also Utah's first win over a Southeastern Conference school. Andre Smith(Alabama starting left Tackle and 2008 Outland Trophy winner) was suspended for the game because he declined to cooperate with an investigation by the school's compliance staff on the issue with his uncle's illegal contact with a sport's agent. A few days later, he declared himself for the NFL Draft and was the 6th overall pick.

</doc>
<doc id="20435077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435077" title="University of Houston Charter School">
University of Houston Charter School

University of Houston Charter School is a state charter primary school located in the Melcher Gym 100 at 3655 Holman Street in Houston, Texas, United States. The school is affiliated with the University of Houston. The university operates the school in affiliation with its Human Development Laboratory School.
The school first opened on January 29, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20435087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435087" title="John Bejshak">
John Bejshak

John Joseph Bejshak (September 19, 1909 – December 26, 1969) was a Canadian-born jockey who competed in American Thoroughbred horse racing best known as the rider of 1935 American Horse of the Year, Discovery.
Bejshak was hired by prominent Canadian horseman J. K. L. Ross who brought him to work at his Maryland breeding farm. His contract was sold to Alfred G. Vanderbilt II where he would meet his future father-in-law, trainer Bud Stotler, whose clients included Vanderbilt and William R. Coe. In 1933 Bejshak rode Coe's colt Pomponius to a fifth-place finish in the Kentucky Derby and to a fourth in the Preakness Stakes. For Vanderbilt and his Sagamore Stable, Bejshak was aboard Discovery for most of his races between 1934 and 1936, winning major handicaps from New York to Detroit and Chicago and in California.
Plagued by weight gain, Bejshak's career was cut short. He retired from riding in 1936 and in the 1940s went to work for Laurel Park as custodian of the jockey quarters, patrol judge, clerk of scales, and placing judge. He died of a heart attack in 1969 at age sixty.

</doc>
<doc id="20435115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435115" title="Ben Kaplan (character)">
Ben Kaplan (character)

Ben Kaplan DSO, portrayed by Alex Lanipekun was a starring character in the British spy series, Spooks.
Appearances.
Ben Kaplan first appeared in Series 6, Episode 5 as a freelance journalist who was in a relationship with Jo Portman. He tried to expose what was going on with MI5's and Section D's activities in stopping terrorism. During the crisis in which three important diplomats (the Iranian Special Consul Dariush Bakshi, the British Foreign Secretary Ruth Chambers and the CIA's London liaison Bob Hogan, all guests on the TV panel of Ask the Question) are held hostage along with the audience, Ben helps Adam Carter and Ros Myers free the hostages. He is offered a role in the team by Adam but refuses.
However, In Episode 9, Series 6, Ben helps the team uncover a plot to assassinate them before they can make peace with the Middle East. At the end of this ordeal, Harry extends Adam's former offer to join the team and Ben accepts.
By the start of Series 7, he is working for Section D, replacing deceased agent Zafar Younis. He operates in the field, helping Section D to prevent a Russian attack on London and stop Al-Qaeda terrorism attacks. He goes undercover in the financial markets with Lucas North to stop a financier who is planning to ruin the British economy and help protect a 16-year-old boy targeted for assassination by a rogue MI6 officer.
In Series 7, Episode 7, Section D's boss Sir Harry Pearce is accused of being an FSB mole who has been passing secrets from MI5 regarding Operation Sugarhorse (Sugarhorse being a high level operation in the 1980s whereby pro-western people were placed into Russian society to find out about Russia's nuclear capabilities). Some of the section's contacts were assassinated; Harry sent Lucas to Moscow to find an asset, who tells Lucas to find a package in a bar.
When Lucas finds the package, it shows a photo of Connie James, Section D's analyst, and Bernard Qualtrough, Harry's mentor, and proves that Connie is really the mole in MI5, not Harry. Lucas calls Ben and tells him this. Ben stashes a form he finds in the paper archive proving that Connie is the mole, but Connie appears in the paper archive to assist Ben in finding the form. Connie sees Ben put the form into his pocket.
Before Ben can leave the archive to warn Ros and the rest of the team, Connie uses an underwire from her bra to slit Ben's throat, taking the form from his pocket as he dies in a puddle of his own blood. Ben's dead body is found later by the team. Ros arrests Connie, and Harry recommends to Home Secretary Nicholas Blake that Ben, for all of his contributions to MI5 and Britain, should be given a Distinguished Service Order.

</doc>
<doc id="20435118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435118" title="Juan Sánchez Sotelo">
Juan Sánchez Sotelo

Juan Ignacio Sánchez Sotelo (born 2 October 1987 in Avellaneda) is an Argentine football striker. He plays for Talleres de Córdoba, in the Primera B Nacional in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="20435186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435186" title="Sportika SA">
Sportika SA

Sportika is a football, volleyball, basketball, and rugby sportswear and sports goods manufacturer based in Italy.
History.
Sportika is an Italian sportwear and sporting equipment manufacturer company based in Ovada, Italy. It mostly supplies football kits for all levels Italian football clubs, for the Albanian Premier League, and lower level European football clubs.
Teams sponsored by Sportika.
Associations and FIFA Confederations.
Sportika supplies official balls for the following associations:

</doc>
<doc id="20435201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435201" title="Doug Grant">
Doug Grant

Douglas Munro Grant (born July 27, 1948) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goalie who played for the Detroit Red Wings and St. Louis Blues in the National Hockey League.
Doug Grant played in the Newfoundland Senior Hockey League for the Corner Brook Royals for 5 seasons as starting goaltender. In 1973-74, his first season in Detroit, he played 37 games, with 15 wins, 16 losses and 2 ties, with a goals against average of 4.16, and recorded 1 shutout. After that, Grant bounced between the NHL and the minor leagues, never playing more than 17 games an another NHL season, and retired from hockey in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20435203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435203" title="Siddheswari Boys' High School">
Siddheswari Boys' High School

Siddheswari Boys' High School is one of the oldest public schools in Dhaka. It was established in 1933. 
History.
Siddheswari Boys' High School is a school located in Ramna, one of the important most important and largest thanas of Dhaka. The number of students began to fall starting in the 1990s, and in the year 2000 the school lacked students and qualified teachers. In the year 2000 around 19 students appeared at the SSC govt. board examination. In 2010 the school had 20 teachers.
Extracurricular activities.
The school has a dedicated sports teacher, and each year it arranges cultural activities in the student farewell ceremony for the students who will attend the SSC examination.
Achievements.
Siddheswari Boys' High School became the Ramna Thana champion in the inter-school football tournament in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20435215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435215" title="Michael Panopoulos">
Michael Panopoulos

Michael "Mike" Panopoulos (also written Michalis Panopoulos), born in Melbourne, Australia) is an Australian-Greek association football player. He has currently retired from playing, but now coaches the Altona City U12/U13 boys team and also the state of Victoria. 
Panopoulos' parents come from the Macedonian Greek village of Kratero in Florina, Greece. He began his career as a youth player with Heidelberg United in Australia, though in 1993 he was offered a professional contract with Aris Thessaloniki F.C. in the Greek Super League. Whilst at the Greek club Panopoulos played in the UEFA cup and was a losing finalist in the Greek Football Cup.
Strong performances by Panopoulos for the Greek club led to a £750,000 transfer to Portsmouth F.C. in August 1999. Panopoulos spent three years at Portsmouth, but left the club the year before Portsmouth's promotion to the FA Premier League.
In December 2001 Panopoulos moved on loan from Portsmouth to Dunfermline F.C. in the Scottish Premier League. After leaving Portsmouth he transferred to South Melbourne FC and then made a return to Greece with Kerkyra F.C. That was followed by a move back to Australia, with Oakleigh Cannons of the Victorian Premier League.
International Career
Michael Panopoulos played with U-21 Greek National team

</doc>
<doc id="20435221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435221" title="Blackstaff River">
Blackstaff River

The Blackstaff River is a watercourse that flows along the M1 motorway and then through a series of piped sections under Belfast, discharging into the River Lagan.
The Blackstaff is known as a "Designated Watercourse" and is controlled and maintained by the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development's Rivers Agency. It has been cited as a main contributor to the high flood risk in central and low-lying areas of Belfast. In particular on 16 August 2008, a newly opened underpass carrying the M1 motorway onto the A12 Westlink controversially flooded to a depth of during heavy rain with water from the culverted Blackstaff and Clowney Rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="20435230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435230" title="Harbottle (disambiguation)">
Harbottle (disambiguation)

Harbottle is a village in Northumberland, England.
Harbottle may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20435234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435234" title="Warm Girl">
Warm Girl

Warm Girl is an EP by Canadian indie band Eric's Trip. It was released in 1992 on cassette by the band and rereleased on vinyl in 1993 by Derivative Records. Several vinyl colours exist; confirmed colours include blue, red, clear, and standard black.
Track listing.
A1 Warm Girl <BR>
A2 Window <BR>
B1 So Easier Last Time <BR>
B2 My Chest Is Empty - Part One <BR>
B3 The Future (Written By - Nick Other) 
recorded December 1991 and August 1992 
notes: 1+2 recorded in December 1991 at chris's dads house on a crappy 4-track. 3 and 4 recorded in August 1992 at rats in the cellar. 5 by nick other. all songs mixed in sept. 1993 at stereo mountain, moncton n.b.

</doc>
<doc id="20435296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435296" title="Cherial, Warangal">
Cherial, Warangal

Cherial is a village panchayat mandal in Warangal district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Geography.
Location in Google Maps
Approximate co-ordinates: 17° 55' 12.91", 78° 58' 23.58"
List of gram panchayats in Cherial mandal: <br>
Aknoor <br>
Cherial <br>
Chityal <br>
Chunchankota <br>
Danampalle <br>
Dommata <br>
Gouraipalle <br>
Guravannapet <br>
Kadavergu <br>
Kistampet <br>
Komuravelle <br>
Marrimusthiayala <br>
Musthiyala <br>
Nagapuri <br>
Pedarajupet <br>
Posanpalle <br>
Rampoor <br>
Ramsagar <br>
Tadoor <br>
Tapaspalle <br>
Vechareni

</doc>
<doc id="20435332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435332" title="Horahora Power Station">
Horahora Power Station

Horahora Power Station was an early hydroelectric power station on the Waikato River in New Zealand. It was the country’s first large-scale power station, completed in 1913. Initially built to service a gold mine, the power station was expanded to supply a significant part of the North Island. The power station remained in use until was submerged by Lake Karapiro, which was formed to supply the larger Karapiro Power Station.
History.
Horahora power station was built by the Waihi gold mining company to provide power for mining operations at Waihi, about 80 km away. Construction began in 1910 and took three years, continuing through the Waihi miners' strike despite attempts to involve the Horahora construction workers in the strike action. When the power station opened in October 1913 it was the largest generating plant in the country with a capacity of 6.3 MW. The power was put to use throughout the mine and stamping mills, however under the mining company’s ownership the power station was never utilised to its full capacity.
The power station was bought by the NZ government in 1919 and it began to supply Cambridge, Hamilton and surrounding farming districts. In 1926 the power station was upgraded, increasing capacity to 10.3 MW. This allowed supply to be extended to include the Bay of Plenty and Auckland.
Submerging.
In April 1947 Lake Karapiro was finally formed behind the Karapiro Power Station dam, submerging Horahora. It was kept generating until the last possible day due to power shortages, with the turbines and generator units being left in place. To the amusement of onlookers, two generators continued to rotate and thrash the rising waters, even after the water had almost covered them.

</doc>
<doc id="20435382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435382" title="The Road South">
The Road South

The Road South is an EP by Canadian indie band, Eric's Trip. It was released in 1995 by Sonic Unyon.
Tracklist.
A-side:
B-side:

</doc>
<doc id="20435390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435390" title="Didam railway station">
Didam railway station

Didam is a railway station located in Didam, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 15 July 1885 and is located on the Winterswijk–Zevenaar railway line. The station is operated by Arriva and Breng.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Didam:

</doc>
<doc id="20435400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435400" title="Bouznika">
Bouznika

Bouznika is a town in the Chaouia-Ouardigha region of Morocco, with a population of 27,300. It is located 20.5 miles (33 kilometers) from Rabat and 25 miles (40 kilometers) from Casablanca. It is a popular area for surfing especially in winter, as there is a consistent surf.

</doc>
<doc id="20435441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435441" title="Thomas West (clergyman)">
Thomas West (clergyman)

Thomas West (1720 – 10 July 1779) was a Jesuit priest, antiquary and author, significant in being one of the first to write about the attractions of the Lake District. Partly through his book, "A Guide to the Lakes", the Romantic vision of the scenery and wilderness of the north of England took hold, ushering in a period of continued tourism in the Lakes.
Life.
West was born in Scotland in 1720, and was ordained a Catholic priest. He visited Europe, and received at least some of his education there, specialising in various branches of natural philosophy. He returned to Britain in his later life, moving to Furness in 1774 and residing at the seventeenth century Tytup Hall. West dedicated his remaining years to learning and writing about the area's landscape and history, publishing "The Antiquities of Furness" in 1774. He then embarked on his magnum opus, his "Guide to the Lakes".
"A Guide to the Lakes".
West had travelled widely throughout continental Europe, and after accompanying various parties visiting the lakes, decided to write a detailed account of the scenery and landscape. Fellow Lakes resident William Brownrigg may have been a contributing factor in this decision. West set out to create a guide that would be of particular use to artists, writing in his introduction that he aimed 'To encourage the taste of visiting the lakes by furnishing the traveller with a Guide; and for that purpose, the writer has here collected and laid before him, all the select stations and points of view, noticed by those authors who have last made the tour of the lakes, verified by his own repeated observations. ' To this end he included various 'stations' or viewpoints around the lakes, from which tourists would be encouraged to appreciate the views in terms of their aesthetic qualities. Published in 1778 the book was a major success. As well as being the first guidebook to the lakes, West was amongst the first writers to challenge the view of the wild and savage north, and his book was one of the first to stress the notion of the picturesque environment. It was particularly influential at a time when Grand Tours were popular, as West claimed the Lakes contained much of the scenery that could be enjoyed on the continent, likening it to the Alps or the Apennines. His book was followed by similar works by William Gilpin, Uvedale Price and William Wordsworth. West's book was the beginning of the era of 'true tourism' in the Lake District. It followed on from Dr John Brown's assessment in 1753 that the 'perfection' of the area rested on 'Beauty, horror and immensity', and challenged Daniel Defoe's interpretation of it in 1698 as the 'wildest, the most barren and frightful' place he had ever seen. Despite criticism and satirical spoofs of both the prose of the guides and the attitudes of the tourists they attracted to the Lakes from the likes of Thomas Rowlandson and William Combe, the book ran to seven editions before the turn of the century.
It was to be West's last work. He collected material for the second edition, but died a year after the book was first published, on 10 July 1779 at Sizergh Castle, Westmorland. He was buried in the Strickland family chapel, at Kendal Parish Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20435469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435469" title="Ceili dance">
Ceili dance

Ceili dances, or true ceili dances (fíor céili) are a popular form of folk dancing in Ireland. For the events at which Ceili dances are performed, see Céilidh.
Ceili dances are based on heys ("hedges" - pairs of lines facing), round dances, long dances and quadrilles,
generally revived during the Gaelic revival in the first quarter of the twentieth century 
and codified by the Irish Dancing Commission
. These thirty dances form the basis for examination of ceili dance teachers.
Dance Form and Style.
The style of dance employed for ceili dance differs greatly from that used for set dance, and has more the appearance associated with the style of step dance.
In particular, it emphasizes height and extension, with dancers generally dancing on their toes (but not "on point" as in ballet).
A movement called "side-step" or "sevens and threes" with which dancers travel sideways to the direction they are facing is common, as are jig-step movements called the "rising step" or "grinding step".
Ceili dances may be divided into figures, but a single type of tune is generally used for all the figures and the dancing does not pause between the figures.
Unlike square dance and round dance, ceili dances are generally not called by a caller: the flow of dance is defined by its name.
Social Ceili Dances.
Ceili dances when performed socially are often performed in a progressive style. At the end of one whole iteration of the dance (lead around and body), instead of stopping, the groups move on to the next set of partners in the line. Ceili dances that can be performed progressively are: Walls of Limerick, Siege of Ennis, Haymaker's Jig, Fairy Reel. When there is a large social gathering, there will often be a caller for the dance, though it is a very different style from square dancing caller. A ceili caller is usually the teacher or most experienced dancer of the group who has the dance memorized. They then call the movements out in a non-stylized way, intended to remind those who are non-dancers when and where to move. Social ceili dances are often the easiest dances and very easy to shuffle through as a non-dancer. A caller makes sure that everyone at a social dance can participate. Embellishments are accepted and fun in social ceili dances, women adding spins or changing the style of a swing based on the skill of a partner.
Diagram of movement in progressive ceili dance: "The Walls of Limerick"
Competitive Ceili Dance.
At festival, there are also ceili dance competitions. Typically competitions are 8-hand dances, though any "book" ceili dance may be used. Ceili dances are judged by not only their skill at performing the movements, but adherence to the listed book description of the dance and uniformity of movement of all members of the team. Embellishments of ceili dances are strictly forbidden in competition. A competition dance consists of the lead around, body and one figure (performed by the first top couple). Ceili competitions are part of all step-dancing competitions as well, with many dancers performing in both. Some dancers who may not have the skill for solo step-dancing excel at the conformity and precision needed for ceili competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20435535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435535" title="Verdi (album)">
Verdi (album)

Verdi is Andrea Bocelli's seventh studio album and fourth classical album, of Verdi's most famous arias, released in 2000. The Israel Philharmonic Orchestra, conducted by Zubin Mehta, accompanied Bocelli for the album. The album was certified Gold in the US by the Recording Industry Association of America and in Switzerland by IFPI of Switzerland, Platinum in Canada by the Canadian Recording Industry Association, and Double Platinum in the Netherlands by the Nederlandse Vereniging van Producenten en Importeurs van beeld- en geluidsdragers.

</doc>
<doc id="20435570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435570" title="Nipawin Bible College">
Nipawin Bible College

Nipawin Bible College is an evangelical interdenominational training school on a site just south of Nipawin, Saskatchewan. The College is affiliated with the Canadian Council of Christian Charities, Evangelical Fellowship of Canada (EFC) and the Prairie Athletic Conference. Mr. Wes Fehr is the President and an instructor at the College.
History.
Nipawin Bible College, incorporated as Two Rivers Bible Institute (TRBI), was founded in 1934 at the height of the Great Depression. Its first campus was located at the fork where the Leather River joins with the Carrot River. In 1957, after several years of damaging floods, the school relocated to its present campus south of Nipawin, Saskatchewan.
Programs.
NBC offers programs from 1–4 years. Available programs are Foundations For Life, Christian Ministry Diploma, Bachelor of Christian Ministry, Bachelor of Arts in Biblical Studies, Bachelor of Arts in Pastoral Ministry, and Certificate of Selected Studies.
One Year.
Foundations For Life
The Foundations For Life program is designed as a foundational discipleship year, which will equip the student with a solid Biblical basis from which to pursue a career, vocational training, or university studies. The focus is on personal Christian growth, a foundational understanding of the Bible, and life application.
Two Years.
Christian Ministry Diploma
This program is designed for those who anticipate ministry in their local church or simply want a solid base for further vocational training. The focus is on knowledge of the Scriptures, appreciation for the local church, and skill development for church ministry.
Three Years.
Bachelor of Christian Ministry
The BCM program offers students a degree of specialization in their studies. There are two minors to choose from: General Studies or Missions. The program objectives are: a competent knowledge of Scripture, and attitude of servant leadership, and skill development for Christian ministry.
Four Years.
Bachelor of Arts in Biblical Studies
The Biblical Studies major is designed for individuals desiring to develop their Biblical training for Christian Ministry. This program will equip the student with sound Bible knowledge and provide a base for those wishing to pursue further studies.
Bachelor of Arts in Christian Leadership
This program is designed for those anticipating involvement in pastoral ministry, in "people helping" ministry, or in youth ministry. The student will be further equipped to understand and communicate God's Word, counsel and nurture others, and provide Christ-like leadership.
Additional Ministry Offerings.
Freshmen Missions Practicum (FMP)
In the second semester all Freshmen students participate in a week and a half long missions trip to a First Nations context working alongside ministry veterans. Exposure to First Nations ministry will provide students with an appreciation for the needs that exist and what it takes to minister in cross-cultural contexts. This intense missions experience teaches students what it means to work as a team to be successful in ministry.
Outreach Ministry Practicum (OMP)
Each January the second year students go on a two week missions trip to Vancouver. This powerful experience helps to reveal the broad needs and ministry opportunities in urban and inner city contexts. Students work with various organizations, each focused on a unique aspect of ministry to those in need of the love of Christ.
Student Ministry
All students participate in Student Ministry on a regular basis. Student Ministry gives you the opportunity to put your classroom training to practical use. It is also an opportunity for you to begin discovering ways in which God can use you. Some of the types of Student Ministry include: youth, seniors visitation, teaching Sunday School, kids’ clubs in public schools, residence assistants (RA’s), and NBC music & drama teams. on ministry helps put classroom theory into practice.

</doc>
<doc id="20435576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435576" title="Mykola Katerynchuk Bloc">
Mykola Katerynchuk Bloc

Mykola Katerynchuk Bloc () was a local electoral bloc of parties in the capital of Ukraine, Kiev. It was led by Mykola Katerynchuk who is chairman of the European Party of Ukraine and deputy of the Ukrainian Parliament. During the 2008 local election the party won 3.47% of the votes and 5 seats in the Kiev City Council, but after the party dismissed 3 members the party was represented by only 2 deputies in November 2008. The faction was eliminated by its remaining members in June 2013.
History.
The party was formed when the European Party of Ukraine and European Platform decided to take part in the snap Kiev local election of 2008 not as a part of Our Ukraine (who won 2% of the votes and no seats), but as the Mykola Katerynchuk Bloc.
After 3 deputies of the party voted to elect Oles Dovhyi as the secretary of the Kiev city council (June 10, 2008) although the position of the bloc was against the election of Dovhy the party the Mykola Katerynchuk Bloc deprived all 5 deputies. In June, the Solomianskyi district court of Kiev said that the 3 deputies who voted for Oles Dovhyid could not act in the council on behalf of the bloc.
In November 2008 the Katerynchuk Bloc decided to reinstate the two deputies of the city council of the bloc who didn't take part in the voting of the secretary of the Kiev city council. 
On 3 June 2013 the faction was eliminated by its remaining members.

</doc>
<doc id="20435588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435588" title="Art Herchenratter">
Art Herchenratter

Arthur Jacob Herchenratter (November 24, 1917 – August 1, 1989) was a professional hockey player who played for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20435594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435594" title="Dieren railway station">
Dieren railway station

Dieren is a railway station located in Dieren, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 2 February 1865 and is located on the Arnhem–Leeuwarden railway. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen. Behind the station there is a steam railway that runs from Dieren to Apeldoorn via Beekbergen operated by the Veluwsche Stoomtrein Maatschappij.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Dieren:
Bus services.
These services leave from outside the station. To the east.

</doc>
<doc id="20435611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435611" title="Julie and the Porthole to Dimentia">
Julie and the Porthole to Dimentia

Julie and the Porthole to Dimentia is an EP by Moncton, New Brunswick's, Eric's Trip. It was released by Sappy Records in 1993. On the album cover it says "Stereo Mountain", which was the band's alter-ego. They released only this one album under the name. Each member of the band performed a song of their own on the album.
Track listing.
A1 "Five Year Old Girlfriend" 
A2 "Mountain" 
B1 "Frame" 
B2 "Muff" 

</doc>
<doc id="20435652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435652" title="Naitaba">
Naitaba

Naitamba Island (Naitauba, Naitaba) is an island of the northern Lau Islands of Fiji. It is a triangular shaped island approximately in diameter. The island is volcanic with coral and rises to on a flat-topped hill toward the southern end of the island. The island is forested and coconuts were grown commercially for copra. There is a barrier reef completely surrounding the island.
History.
In 1965 the actor Raymond Burr and his partner purchased on the island, where they raised copra and cattle. 
This land was sold in 1983 to Johannine Daist Communion for the use of Adi Da, with a purchase price of $2.1 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20435653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435653" title="2002 NASDAQ-100 Open">
2002 NASDAQ-100 Open

The 2002 NASDAQ-100 Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 18th edition of this tournament and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2002 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 2002 WTA Tour. Both the men's and women's events took place at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Key Biscayne, Florida in the United States from March 18 through April 1, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20435658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435658" title="Raajneeti">
Raajneeti

Raajneeti (; "Politics") is a 2010 Indian political thriller film directed and produced by Prakash Jha, with a screenplay by Anjum Rajabali and Prakash Jha, and starring Ajay Devgan, Nana Patekar, Ranbir Kapoor, Katrina Kaif, Arjun Rampal, Manoj Bajpayee and Naseeruddin Shah in the lead roles. It was originally produced by Prakash Jha Productions and was distributed by UTV Motion Pictures and Walkwater Media. It was shot in Bhopal. The title translates literally as "Politics" and contextually as "Affairs of State." The film draws parallels to the epic "Mahabharata" where shades of Krishna (Nana Patekar), Arjuna (Ranbir Kapoor), Bheema (Arjun Rampal), Duryodhana (Manoj Bajpai) and Karna (Ajay Devgan) can be seen in the characters portrayed. 
"Raajneeti" was released in theatres worldwide on 4 June 2010, after some controversies regarding similarities between real-life people and the characters in the film, as well as issues about the national anthem. "Rajneeti" was declared blockbuster by Box Office India. A sequel of "Rajneeti" has been confirmed by Prakash Jha. The movie will cast Katrina Kaif as a powerful politician.
Plot.
The film begins with a quick flashback into the life of Bharti Rai (Nikhila Trikha), the daughter of chief minister Ramnath Rai (Darshan Jariwala). Influenced by leftist ideology, she rebels against her father and joins the rival party of leftist leader Bhaskar Sanyal (Naseeruddin Shah). Bharti develops an illicit relationship with Bhaskar, who, guilt-ridden over taking advantage of the younger woman, leaves for parts unknown, having unwittingly gotten Bharti pregnant. Upon the child's birth, he is abandoned in a boat by Brij Gopal (Nana Patekar), Bharti's brother. Bharti later marries Chandra Pratap (Chetan Pandit), the younger brother of Bhanu Pratap (Khan Jahangir Khan). Bhanu leads the Rashtrawadi political party. 
The story then shifts to present, where, the state government collapses and Bhanu suffers a stroke. In the hospital, he hands over power to his brother Chandra. Chandra's son, Prithviraj Pratap (Arjun Rampal) tries to take advantage of his father's power and starts to impose his own decisions on the party, which results in a clash with Veerendra Pratap (Manoj Bajpai). Chandra also starts to take side with his son, sidelining Veerendra. When Prithvi rejects the nomination of a local leader, Sooraj Kumar (Ajay Devgan), who is chosen by the common people, Veerendra gives his support to Sooraj. Unknown to all, Sooraj is Bharti's abandoned son, who was found and raised by Pratap family's driver. Mashad Manzoor Memon..
Then comes the younger son of Chandra, Samar Pratap (Ranbir Kapoor) from America and meets his childhood friend and his family friend's daughter Indu Sakseria (Katrina Kaif). Indu loves Samar and thinks he loves her. When Chandra and Prithvi try to kick Veerendra out of his own father's party, he asks Sooraj for help. Sooraj ends up assassinating Chandra in his car, while he is returning from the airport after seeing off his younger son, Samar. In an ensuing drama, Prithvi is arrested by police under the influence of Veerendra and put on trial for raping a party worker (Shruti Seth). Samar comes to the rescue and tricks Veerendra into dropping all charges upon his brother, promising that his brother will resign and that he will move with his family to the U.S. However, Samar does not keep his promise and he, with Prithvi, begins rallying public support. After Bhanu officially expels Prithvi, the latter splits from the Rashtrawadi party and contests elections under "Jana Shakti party", a new party with Gopal as his mentor and Samar as the executive. Meanwhile Samar's American girlfriend Sarah (Sarah Thompson) arrives in India to see the situation. To raise funds for the new party, Samar shrewdly ensures Prithvi's marriage to Indu. Though Indu had always loved Samar, Samar only thought of Indu as a friend and loved Sarah.
The circumstances gets murkier with both sides trying every trick to ensure their victory in upcoming elections. Allegations and counter-allegations are made. Subsequently, Samar uncovers that the real murderers of his father are Sooraj and Veerendra, and decides to take revenge. On the other hand, Prithvi executes the former police officer, who had arrested him, and the woman worker at a farmhouse. Veerendra again seeks help from Sooraj and Sooraj makes a plan to assassinate Samar, being aware that Samar was behind all the tricks. Amidst of all the events, Indu realises her love for Prithvi and Prithvi accepts her love in return. Sarah is revealed to be pregnant with Samar's child; Samar promises Sarah that he will go to America with her and leave politics. A car bomb is planted in Samar's car. Prithvi goes to save Samar and Sarah, who were to be dropped off at the airport in that car. He manages to save Samar but is killed while trying to save Sarah in vain. Devastated by the loss of his brother and girlfriend, Samar decides to retaliate. He suggests Indu to take the reins of the party and arranges the election campaign single-handedly.
Meanwhile, Sooraj is revealed to be the first child of Bharti, who implores him to join his younger brother Samar. Sooraj refuses to part ways with Veerendra and asks his mother to leave. Exit polls predict a victory for Indu's party. On the counting day, Samar lures Veerendra and Sooraj to an unused factory by spreading a rumour about electronic voting machines being hacked. They fall in the trap, and Veerendra gets shot by Samar and his men. Sooraj requests Samar to leave him and Veerendra till they reach the hospital, but Veerendra dies on the way. Gopal prompts Samar to shoot Sooraj who questions the morality of the act, but Gopal convinces him to take revengefor the destruction of his family. Samar shoots Sooraj.
The election results are declared, and Indu emerges with majority and is made chief minister. Samar is seen asking forgiveness and is seen attempting reconciliation with Indu. They show Indu accepting Samar's apology and the two reconciling. Explaining his decision to return to America, he reflects that he always wanted to stay away from politics as politics is a game that brings out the "inner devil." Indu is revealed to be pregnant with Prithvi's child, while Samar leaves India to look after Sarah's mother and settle there.
Reception.
Critical reception.
Mayank Shekhar of "Hindustan Times" rated it 3/5 and said, "None of the actors assembled on stage let him (the director) down; right from an unusually inspired Rampal to his powerful, polar opposite Bajpayee". Nikhat Kazmi of "The Times of India" rated it 4/5 and said, "The film basically anchors its plot in two classic tales — "The Mahabharata" and "The Godfather" — to create an engrossing diatribe on India's political system where democracy may prevail, but not in its purest form." Anupama Chopra of NDTV rated it 3/5 and said "Jha creates a real sense of the machinations and sordid deals that fuel politics but then hobbles it with outlandish twists and some decidedly 'filmy' moments". Rajeev Masand of IBN said, ""Raajneeti" is thrilling and gripping for the most part, even though it does lose steam in its final act. For the superb acting, and for the exciting dramatic highs, it's a film I recommend you do not miss."
Rachel Saltz of "The New York Times" said, "film – full of romance, intrigue and fraternal strife – is too diffuse to score political points. Or to have much impact." Robert Abele of the "Los Angeles Times" found that while it aimed "for something trenchant about thwarted destiny and ugly ambition in modern Indian democracy", it "mostly winds up with a convoluted and tonally awkward "Godfather" rehash, with nary a character worth rooting for" and that "Kapoor's performance is stony rather than calculating..." Frank Lovece of "Film Journal International" said, "More pulpy than political, this "Godfather"-ripoff Hindi electoral drama is a candidate for oblivion in U.S. theatres. ... t all eventually becomes so ridiculous and over-the-top violent that there is nobody, nobody, to root for."
Box office.
Rajneeti grossed worldwide.
India.
"Raajneeti" recorded an opening of nearly 100 crore net on its first day. It had the second highest Friday opening in India after "3 Idiots" and the highest Friday opening in the first half of the year, surpassing "Kites". It collected 34 crore at the end of the weekend and set a record for biggest weekend in the first half of the year, surpassing "Housefull". It showed no major decline in business on Tuesday and collected Rs. 5.85 crore. At the end of the first week, the film collected Rs. 54.75 crore and set a record for biggest week in the first half of the year beating "Housefull". "Raajneeti" sustained well in the second weekend and collected 16.25 crore. Rajneeti nett grossed in India with a distributor share of . It is currently the tenth highest grossing Bollywood film.
Overseas.
Overseas, the film opened to weekend business of $2.25 million. In the U.S., "Raajneeti" played well for a limited release, noted Ray Subers of BoxOfficeMojo.com, grossing $850,244 on 124 screens its opening weekend, "which was good for first among limited releases and 11th place on the overall weekend chart." He specified that "Raajneeti" "became the third Bollywood movie this year to lead all limited releases in its first weekend," following "My Name is Khan" and "Kites". In Australia and New Zealand, "Raajneeti" surpassed the opening weekend record set by "3 Idiots".
Awards and nominations.
Nominated
Won
Nominated
Won
Nominated
Won
Nominated
Controversy.
"Raajneeti" was first denied a certificate by the censor board of India for their thought that the lead character played by Katrina Kaif is inspired fully or partially from the Congress Party's chief Sonia Gandhi and Rashtriya Janata Dal's chief Rabri Devi. Director Prakash Jha dismissed this allegation, saying his only inspiration was "Mahabharata", an epic from ancient India. References to electronic voting machines and parts of the film suggesting that women have to compromise to get ahead in politics, crude dialogues about the Muslim community and some intimate scenes and excessive violence were removed before giving the film a U/A censor certificate.
Soundtrack.
The background score was composed by Wayne Sharpe while the soundtrack was composed by Wayne Sharpe, Pritam, Aadesh Shrivastava and Shantanu Moitra. The lyrics were penned by Irshad Kamil, Gulzar, Sameer and Swanand Kirkire. The soundtrack consists of four original songs and four remixes. It was released on 14 May 2010.
Sequel.
Prakash Jha has begun work on "Rajneeti 2" but not strictly as a sequel. Sources originally reported that this second "Rajneeti" could be inspired by Anna Hazare's 'India Against Corruption' campaign and incorporate Satyagraha within the storyline or that it might be an adaptation of the Tamil film "Ko". Jha has applied for remake rights, and is considering Ranbir Kapoor as the protagonist. In July 2012, it was announced that Katrina Kaif would have the role of a prime minister of India and that the project was expected to begin filming in late 2014 for a 2015 release.

</doc>
<doc id="20435668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435668" title="List of awards and nominations received by Ellen">
List of awards and nominations received by Ellen

The following is a list of awards and nominations received by "Ellen". "Ellen" is an American television sitcom that ran on the ABC network from March 29, 1994 to July 22, 1998, producing 109 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20435694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435694" title="Squid (DC Comics)">
Squid (DC Comics)

The Squid is the name of two different supervillains in DC Comics. He was a crime boss and foe of Batman.
History.
Squid I.
Lawrence Loman (aka Clement Carp) is a Chinese crime lord and master criminal in Gotham City. He and his gang stole a satchel full of important documents that Batman eventually recovers. Batman is wounded in the process, and the Squid trails him and tries to finish the job without success.
Following the fall of Rupert Thorne and Tony Falco, he was poised to fill the vacuum left by Rupert Thorne and Tony Falco. He sets up a hideout in an old warehouse near the piers. He also was able to capture a giant squid which he named "Gertrude", which he kept in a huge aquarium in his hideout usually feeding his foes to it. In an attempt to gain control of the Gotham underworld, he and his crew succeeded in capturing Batman and feeding him to Gertude. Batman was able to barely escape from the tank with his life. Eventually the villain Killer Croc (who was once a part of the Squid's gang) kills the Squid by shooting him from a rooftop.
In Post-Crisis continuity as seen in "52", The Squid apparently survived Croc's attack and returned where he is one of the crime bosses sought out/captured by Bruno Mannheim of the Intergang. Most of the bosses refused to join Intergang and were killed for that, but the Squid's final fate is unknown.
Squid II.
The second character to be called "The Squid" is an alien who arrived on Earth with Abyss to commit a string of robberies. They start in Fairfax which was home to Chris King and Vicki Grant. Chris and Vicki used their H-Dials to combat Squid and Abyss where they ended up defeating them. Squid tried to flee using one of Abyss's portals to return to his homeworld, but the Abyss was disoriented at the time, and sent the Squid to someplace else, the precise details unknown even to Abyss himself.
In The New 52 (a reboot of the DC Comics universe), Squid is shown as a prisoner of Ex Nihilo. Squid escapes from his cage and agrees that he will help deal with Ex Nihilo's problems merely on principle, despite his great disdain for his "captor." When Nelson Jent wonders what his next move will be, Squid infiltrates the hospital and kills Darren Hirsch. Sensing something is wrong, Nelson heads to the phone booth and turns into Iron Snail. Upon arriving at the hospital, Nelson ends up fighting Squid in the hospital. Upon feeling his powers failing, Iron Snail escapes into an alley and escapes in a cab as Nelson. Meanwhile, Squid returns to the hospital and pays a visit to Dr. Wald (Ex Nihilo's alter-ego), who is hearing over the phone from Vernon Boyne that Nelson escaped in a cab. Squid explains that the snail-man was not quite what he seemed. Dr. Wald has Vernon Boyne tail him. Before leaving, the Squid warns that whatever is causing the string of comas is coming back, and that Squid needs it to come back.
Ex Nihilo and Squid have each started to seek out a specific man in order to fill out the emptiness. When Nelson Jent (in the form of Baroness Resin) and Manteau arrive at Mr. King's apartment, they run into Ex Nihilo and Squad as they witness the arrival of Abyss.
It was revealed that Ex Nihilo was the one who rescued Squid from falling through half-formed worlds and ephemeral realities in order to bring Abyss to them. Ex Nihilo tries to merge with Abyss which doesn't work. Baroness Resin and Manteau try to find a way to attack Abyss where Manteau ends up throwing a chair at Abyss making him disappear. Squid then knocks out Manteau as Baroness Resin regresses back to Nelson Jent. As Squid drags Manteau away, Ex Nihilo reveals her true identity as Dr. Wald to Nelson as she stated that she has been understanding the nature of magic for thirty years trying to find a way to bring Abyss to her. Squid then shoots ink onto Nelson's face as Dr. Wald is shown to have an H-Dial. After Dr. Wald and Squid escape, Nelson has survived Squid's ink attack and must find a way to rescue Manteau from Ex Nihilo. Manteau then wakes up strapped to a gurney in Ex Nihilo's laboratory where Ex Nihilo demands to know from Manteau on what she knows about Abyss despite Squid stating that she might not know about Abyss. Ex Nihilo then turns her attention towards Manteau's H-Dial wanting to know how it works. Nelson watches Abyss' destructiveness on the TV, recalling an old quotation: "Gaze long into an abyss, and the abyss also gazes into you." Suddenly, a new hero appears, obviously a creation of the H-Dial. From behind him, Nelson is startled to hear the Squid's voice. Squid points out that there is a portion of that quote that is too often left out: one who fights with monsters should see that he doesn't become a monster himself. The hero that is on the scene now is one such monster he claims. He admits that his ink was not poisonous back at the hotel. He let Nelson live because he regrets killing Darren. He got the address from Manteau's torture session. He came looking for help. He has been wounded by Abyss and Ex Nihilo has refused to help him. All he ever wanted was to go home and maybe, Nelson is the kind of man who would help him do that. Squid tells Nelson that his race were herders and wranglers of nothingness in a region called Unplace until he stumbled upon Abyss. Squid tells Nelson that Ex Nihilo must be stopped before she angers Abyss even further. Nelson tells Squid that they first must rescue Manteau from Vernon Boyne's men. Squid helps to free Manteau as he is shot in the back by Vernon. Nelson uses a hammer to knock out Vernon as he helps Manteau and Squid (who is leaning on them for support) to escape. Meanwhile, Ex Nihilo confronts Abyss where she desperately shouts and tries to convince it to join her. Abyss shows Ex Nihilo that Squid is with Manteau and Nelson (who is in the form of one of his heroes) as Ex Nihilo leaps into Abyss to pursue them.
In a makeshift costume, Nelson Jent helps Squid rescue Manteau. Not wanting to be controlled by Ex Nihilo, Abyss leaves causing Ex Nihilo to face them alone. As a nullomancer though, she has control over the holes of nothingness that permeate the Squid's body since his last encounter with Abyss and he urges Nelson and Manteau to escape and fix their dial while he sacrifices himself. When Abyss returned to Littleford, Ex Nihilo has moved on leaving Squid in a near-death state. As Nelson in the form of Cock-a-Hoop fights Abyss, Squid watches and explains that when disoriented, the smaller nothings are more easily controlled by Hairbringer and that Cock-a-Hoop should team with her to send those nothings back to Abyss. Squid then passes away following Abyss' defeat.
Powers and abilities.
The second Squid can project deadly ink from his fingertips. In The New 52, Squid can create a wide assortment of chemical "inks" from his fingertips.

</doc>
<doc id="20435742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435742" title="Prayer for the Dying">
Prayer for the Dying

"Prayer for the Dying" is a song by Seal. It was released as the lead single from his second studio album "Seal" (aka "Seal II") in May 1994, peaking at #14 in the UK Singles Chart and #21 on the Billboard Hot 100. In November 1995, it was released as a double A-side with "Don't Cry"; this release reached #51 in the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20435748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435748" title="Rochefort-Martrou Transporter Bridge">
Rochefort-Martrou Transporter Bridge

Rochefort-Martrou Transporter Bridge is a transporter bridge built between 1898 and 1900 . It is located in Rochefort, Charente-Maritime, Poitou-Charente, France. Crossing the Charente River, it has a maximum height of and a total length of . It is a technical invention accomplished by a French engineer : Ferdinand Arnodin. It was abandoned in 1967 in favour of a vertical lift bridge, which has since been demolished. However, it was refurbished by 1994 and is now a historical monument (1976). Crossing on foot or a bicycle is still possible today from April to the end of October.

</doc>
<doc id="20435770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435770" title="Shalford, Essex">
Shalford, Essex

Shalford is a small village in the English county of Essex. It is about four miles north of Braintree on the B1057 road.
The village has a primary school, a village hall, a 14th-century pub (The George). At the southern end of the village is Stoneley Park, made in 1997 from an infilled sand pit and where many trees were planted by local residents.

</doc>
<doc id="20435793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435793" title="2001 Ericsson Open">
2001 Ericsson Open

The 2001 Ericsson Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 17th edition of the Miami Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2001 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 2001 WTA Tour. Both the men's and women's events took place at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Key Biscayne, Florida in the United States from March 19 through April 2, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20435816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435816" title="2007 Big 12 Championship Game">
2007 Big 12 Championship Game

The 2007 Dr. Pepper Big 12 Championship Game was held on December 1, 2007 at the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas, and pit the divisional winners from the Big 12 Conference: the Missouri Tigers, winner of the North division against the Oklahoma Sooners, winner of the South division. 
Per Big 12 policy, the Big 12 North Champion will be declared the home team this year because the game is scheduled to take place in a home state of a Big 12 South team. Designated "home" teams are 8–3 in Big 12 Championship Games.
Regular season.
The Big 12 South representative in the game is the 2007 Oklahoma Sooners football team. This was the 114th year of season play for the Sooners who led by head coach Bob Stoops, a two-time Walter Camp Coach of the Year award winner. The team was led on offense by quarterback Sam Bradford, and played their homes games at Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium in Norman, Oklahoma. The team finished their regular season 10-2 (6-2, Big 12), with their losses against Colorado and Texas Tech.
The Big 12 North representative in the championship game is the 2007 Missouri Tigers Missouri Tigers football team. The team was coached by Gary Pinkel, who returned in his seventh season with Mizzou, and played their home games at Faurot Field at Memorial Stadium. Quarterback Chase Daniel in his junior year led the Tigers to their first Big 12 Championship Game. The Tigers ended the regular season with a record of 11-1 (7-1, Big 12), with their only loss coming to Oklahoma
Game summary.
Missouri entered the 2007 Big 12 Championship Game ranked #1 and looking for a spot in the BCS National Championship Game. Mizzou took the lead early with a 28 yard Jeff Wolfert field goal. However, on the first play of the 2nd quarter, Oklahoma's Chris Brown rushed for a 3-yard touchdown. Missouri was able to kick another field goal, this time from 18 yards out, to make it a 7-6 Sooner lead. Oklahoma struck back two drives later on a 2-yard touchdown by Chris Brown, his second of the night. Missouri drive down the field on the next drive, scoring on a 4 yard Chase Daniel run and a two-point conversion, tying the game at 14 heading into halftime. The 3rd quarter was all Oklahoma. Consistently putting pressure on Missouri quarterback Chase Daniel, the Sooner defense began to control the game. Allen Patrick scored from 4 yards out and Sam Bradford threw a 5-yard touchdown to Jermaine Gresham to give Oklahoma a 28-14 lead going into the final quarter. Early in the 4th, Wolfert hit his 3rd field goal of the night to bring the score to 28-17. Bradford and Oklahoma scored on the next drive, a 4-yard touchdown pass to Joe Jon Finley giving Oklahoma the 35-17 lead. Sooner kicker Garrett Hartley hit a 26-yard field goal to give Oklahoma a 38-17 lead and finishing off the scoring.

</doc>
<doc id="20435845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435845" title="2000 Ericsson Open">
2000 Ericsson Open

The 2000 Ericsson Open was the 16th edition of this tennis tournament and was played on outdoor hard courts. The tournament was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2000 ATP Tour and was classified as a Tier I event on the 2000 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Key Biscayne, Florida, United States, from March 23 through April 6, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20435852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435852" title="European Public Health Association">
European Public Health Association

The European Public Health Association (EUPHA) is an organization that brings together public health associations and institutes in Europe.
Its central office is hosted by the NIVEL (Nederlands instituut voor onderzoek in the gezondheidszorg) in Utrecht, Netherlands
Professor Martin McKee is President-elect.

</doc>
<doc id="20435855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435855" title="Puente Transbordador">
Puente Transbordador

Puente Transbordador (also known as Buenos Aires Transporter Bridge, Puente Transbordador de La Boca Puente Transbordador Nicolás Avellaneda, Antiguo Puente Nicolás Avellaneda or Transbordador del Riachuelo ) is a transporter bridge in Buenos Aires, Argentina, it was completed in 1914. The bridge was in use until 1960 and may be preserved as a historical monument in the future.
The transporter bridge was the first link to connect Buenos Aires with the outskirts on the other side of the Riachuelo River. The bridge links the Avenida La Plata in the neighbourhood Island Maciel of Dock Sud with Avenida Almirante Brown in the La Boca neighbourhood of Buenos Aires.
The name of the bridge refers to Nicolás Avellaneda, a former president of Argentina, who also gave the name to the Avellaneda Partido on the right bank of the river. 
The platform of the transporter bridge measured 8 by 12 metres and could be operated from a control stand on itself or from the machine house. It was designed to carry pedestrians, carts, cars and trams.
History.
On September 25, 1908 the Buenos Aires Great Southern Railway was authorised to build a transporter bridge uniting the city of Buenos Aires with Buenos Aires Province south of the Riachuelo River. Buenos Aires Province bore all the costs of the bridge despite it also serving the Argentinian capital. 
The transporter bridge was inaugurated May 31, 1914 and operated until 1960. The Puente Nicolás Avellaneda road bridge (just 100 metres away), was constructed in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="20435857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435857" title="De Dana Dan">
De Dana Dan

De Dana Dan () is a 2009 Hindi comedy film directed by Priyadarshan. The story is a partial adaptation of Priyadarshan's own Malayalam film "Vettam". The film's cast includes Akshay Kumar, Sunil Shetty, Katrina Kaif and Sameera Reddy in lead roles.
Filming began on 1 December 2008 at Mehboob Studios in Mumbai. The film was released on 27 November 2009 and was declared as Super Hit at the Box Office.
It has a huge star cast and all the characters run around after each other (causing hilarious scenes and consequences), hence the name "De Dana Dan" meaning "one after the other", or "helter skelter" in other words.
Plot.
Nitin Bankar (Akshay Kumar) and Ram Mishra (Suniel Shetty) are lucky in love, otherwise their life is a big zero as their bank balance. Nitin is stuck as a servant and driver of Kuljeet Kaur (Archana Puran Singh), according to the conditions of a loan which his father had taken to educate Nitin. Kuljeet is the owner of many malls, restaurants, and other places in Singapore, where this whole story is based. Nitin is fed up with Kuljeet's dog, Moolchand Ji, who always puts Nitin into trouble.
Ram works for a courier service in Singapore. He had originally come there to work in Chinese films, but he was not selected. Anjali Kakkad (Katrina Kaif), is in love with Nitin and Manpreet Oberoi (Sameera Reddy) is in love with Ram. Both of their girlfriends are rich, and they put a condition - get money or forget us.
Inspector Wilson Parera (Sharat Saxena) is on the trail of Harbans Chadda (Paresh Rawal) who has nine arrest warrants due to cheque bounces. He is eager to get his son, Nonny Chadda (Chunkey Pandey) married, so that he can get dowry of the wedding and pay of all his debts. He finalizes Nonny's wedding with Anjali, after her father, Kakkad (Tinu Anand), brings up the topic. Later at a casino, meets Mr. Oberoi (Manoj Joshi). After finding out that Oberoi is one of the richest Indians in Singapore, he lies to Oberoi to fix Nonny's wedding with Manpreet, which finally works out. As he didn't inform Kakkad, Kakkad gets really angry with Harbans. To counter Harbans, Kakkad fixes his daughter Anjali's wedding with someone else.
At the same casino where Harbans met Oberoi, Musha Heerapoorwala (Shakti Kapoor), decides to get married to Anu Chopra (Neha Dhupia), a dancer at that casino. After his brother-in-law finds out, he hires a Mafia Don, Maamu (Asrani), to kill Musha. Maamu sends his best assassin, Kaala Krishna Murali (Johnny Lever) to do the job. To hide from his wife, Musha books a room in Pan Pacific Hotel under the name Suber.
To get rid of all problems and earn some money, Nitin and Ram decide to kidnap Moolchand Ji, as that is the only thing 'living' that Kuljeet, the rich lady, loves. But things go wrong - after they reached Pan Pacific Hotel, the place where they decide to stay, they realize that Moolchand Ji has escaped, causing the police to believe that its Nitin who has been kidnapped. Things worsen when Anjali runs away from home and reaches their room. Initially, Kuljeet refuses to pay the ransom to the kidnappers, but after all her customers decide to go on a strike, she agrees to pay the ransom. As Nitin does not want to go back to Kuljeet, they come up with a plan - they decide to get a dead body from Maamu and throw it onto the railway tracks, along with his driving licence, and then spread the news that the kidnappers have killed Nitin.
Harbans' and Oberoi's families come to Pan Pacific Hotel, where the wedding is going to take place. Harbans and Oberoi click a photo to celebrate their families uniting. To give the advance money to Maamu, Nitin waits at the entrance of Pan Pacific, waiting for Maamu's man to come and say the code 'I'm Maamu's man'. But Kakkad arrives at the hotel, and chases Nitin into Harbans' room. Nitin tries to hide under the bed, but there is no place for him. At the same time, Harbans enters his room and to hide from Harbans, Nitin hides inside the wardrobe. Fed up of his calls, Harbans throws his mobile into the wardrobe and locks it, causing Nitin to get stuck in a wardrobe.
Next what happens is De Dana Dan - confusion, mistaken room numbers, mistaken identities. and continuous chases. Kakkad breaks into Paramjeet Singh Lamba's (Vikram Gokhale) room, who is the Indian Ambassador. Harbans mistakes Anu for Anjali, which causes great confusion later. Musha's photo, gets exchanged with Oberoi's photo, so Kaala tries to kill Oberoi. Wilson reaches Harbans' room and searches for Harbans, and opens the wardrobe to find Nitin, and mistakes him as Harbans. In an attempt to kill Oberoi, Kaala ends up falling onto Ram's and Nitin's truck, which they take to pick up the ransom. While picking up the ransom, Nitin gets left behind, and is taken to the hospital, while Ram takes the money and reaches the hotel, and Kaala is assumed to be the kidnapper, as he was on top of the truck. And to top it all, Maamu arrives at the hotel with a dead body that nobody wants. In the end, a bomb enters the water-tank of the hotel, which causes it to burst and make the hotel flood. At the end, Nitin, Anjali, Ram and Manpreet get the money and live happily ever after, even though nobody else is happy.
Cast.
The film reunites the trio of Akshay Kumar, Sunil Shetty and Paresh Rawal with Priyadarshan, who directed them in the first "Hera Pheri" film. This is the first time the trio has acted together since 2006's "Phir Hera Pheri", although Rawal and Shetty appeared in Priyadarshan's "Hulchul and""Chup Chup Ke".
and for Kumar and Rawal appeared in also Priyadarshan's "Bhagam Bhag" and "Bhool Bhulaiyaa".
The names of 'Nitin Bankar' and 'Ram Mishra', the characters played by Akshay Kumar and Sunil Shetty respectively, are taken from their respective long-lasting spotboys. Akshay's spotboy is Nitin Bankar, while Sunil's spotboy is Ram Mishra.
Production.
Filming.
The shooting of the film started in December 2008. The film was shot in Singapore, and a major portion was shot in the Pan Pacific Hotel which is in the center of the town. The flood scene in the film, that took 15 days to complete, was shot in Mumbai by creating a set similar to the Pan Pacific Hotel. An article in Slate Magazine describes the shooting of a flood scene in Goregaon studios with locally hired white people. The film took 80 days to complete.
Theme song.
"Paisa Paisa" (complete name: "Tu, paisa paisa kyun karti hai, tu paise pe kyun itna marti hai") is the theme song for this film. The song is produced by Pritam, sung by RDB, and was performed by Akshay kumar and Katrina Kaif.
The concept was to create a theme with mass appeal, about how money was the driving force behind the film's various acts. This was accomplished by incorporating comedy lyrics with sound effects and a "slight R&B touch" to make it upbeat, danceable, and memorable. The song is sung by Manak-e, a Punjabi singer and was composed specially for the movie by RDB even though the rest of the music was done by Pritam. The music is based upon the Usher hit song "Yeah". This song was originally sung by Manak-E in Punjabi few years back in his album, however on request of Akshay Kumar the song was re-composed and re-released with a mix Hindi-Punjabi lyrics by RDB. The decision was made to use Paisa Paisa as the film's theme song due it being light and up-tempo.
"Times of India" reported in late November 2009, that released before the film, the song was gaining attention and "rocking the charts". Before the film's release, the tune was already considered one of the film's "fast catching numbers" and a version was being used in the Jharkhand election campaign. "Glamsham" reported ""Paisa Paisa" from "De Dana Dan" is a chartbuster and is igniting the music charts." In December 2009, "Daily News & Analysis" reported that "Paisa Paisa" was a current favorite and expected to be a big number for the party season. It was later reported, that while the film itself did not do as well as expected at the box office, the song aided in locating a lost, mentally challenged child when police were informed of the missing child's continually humming the "Paisa Paisa" tune.
Release.
Box office.
"De Dana Dan" collected Rs. 53 crore in its opening weekend in India, thus making it the tenth biggest opening weekend of all time at the time of its release. It collected 57.19 crore at the end of its first week.
Meanwhile, it did very well overseas debuting at No. 9 position in the U.K collecting £ 3,08,029 Rs. 2.34 crore on 48 screens in its opening weekend, with the per screen average working out to £ 6,417. In the US, it debuted at No. 20 position and collected $ 7,72,377 Rs. 3.57 crores on 69 screens in its opening weekend, with the per screen average working out to $ 11,194. In Australia, it debuted at No. 12 position and collected $ 96,597 Rs. 40.96 lacs on 14 screens in its opening weekend, with the per screen average working out to $ 6,900. At the end of its run in the U.K it collected £ 5,60,943. At the end of its run in the US it collected $944,979. At the end of its run in Australia it collected $2,00,000.
Home media.
The film was released on a one disc dual layer format DVD. Its running time is 167 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20435881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435881" title="Virgilian series">
Virgilian series

The Virgilian series is the most recent part of the Pennsylvanian epoch in the North American geologic classification series. In the older Appalachian classification system, this series was known as the "Monongahela group". As with other Carboniferous series, it comprises cyclothems, or distinct cycles of sedimentary rock formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20435895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435895" title="Newborn Friend">
Newborn Friend

"Newborn Friend" is a song by Seal. It was released as the third single from his second studio album "Seal" (aka "Seal II") in October 1994, and peaked at #45 in the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20435929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435929" title="Downsize Me!">
Downsize Me!

Downsize Me! is a New Zealand weight and diet reality series that screens on TV3. The show focuses on informing and helping overweight/obese, New Zealanders make healthy life options, lose weight and get back into shape.
Broadcast.
In addition to TV3, Downsize Me! airs on Sky Livingit in the United Kingdom.
Show format.
Each week a new obese person or couple appears on the show and is put under pressure to lose weight, change there diet/s and or exercise habits to get their life back into shape, by a team of professional experts.

</doc>
<doc id="20435930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435930" title="Keiichi Yano">
Keiichi Yano

Career.
In 1996, Keiichi Yano co-founded the production company, iNiS, and began development of video games. His first project was the early music video game, "Gitaroo Man" for which he acted as lead programmer. The game enjoyed only moderate sales, however it received critical accolades and became a well-known cult classic.
Since then Yano has developed a number of other music video games including the "Oendan" series. The "Ouendan" games have been criticized as unintelligible to Western markets due to its emphasis on Japanese Ōendan culture, however despite this Yano has created Western-targeted localizations such as the Blues Brothers-influenced "Elite Beat Agents". Most recently Yano has created the karaoke game, "Lips" Yano is personal friends with fellow music video game pioneer, Tetsuya Mizuguchi, and Yano's contributions to the world of music video games have gained him notoriety as one of the pioneers of the genre.
Aside from music games, Yano has worked on a number of other utilities such as the NFactor2 (a Realtime 3D Engine), the MixJuice Interactive Music Engine, and the Japanese version of the Xbox Voice Chat Interface. He has also worked on such projects as the Japanese localization of the Western "Sudeki" and even an arcade prototype for a "Gundam Pilot Academy" from Banpresto.

</doc>
<doc id="20435945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435945" title="Afanasy">
Afanasy

Afanasy () is the Russian form of Athanasios, a Greek name meaning "immortal". It may refer to:
People:
The surname Afanasyev () is derived from the name. The surname Afonin () is derived from "Afonya", the short form of the name.

</doc>
<doc id="20435963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435963" title="1998 Lipton Championships">
1998 Lipton Championships

The 1998 Lipton Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 14th edition of the Miami Masters and was part of the Super 9 of the 1998 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 1998 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Key Biscayne, Florida in the United States from March 16 through March 29, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20435979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435979" title="1999 Lipton Championships">
1999 Lipton Championships

The 1999 Lipton Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 15th edition of the Miami Masters and was part of the Super 9 of the 1999 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 1999 WTA Tour. Both the men's and women's events took place at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Key Biscayne, Florida in the United States from March 15 through March 29, 1999.
WTA entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw:
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
The following players received entry from the doubles qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="20435988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435988" title="Don't Cry (Seal song)">
Don't Cry (Seal song)

"Don't Cry" is a song by Seal. It was released as the final single from his second studio album "Seal" (aka "Seal II"), as a double A-side with "Prayer for the Dying".

</doc>
<doc id="20435997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20435997" title="Eddie Odhiambo">
Eddie Odhiambo

Edward Bahati Obara "Eddie" Odhiambo-Anaclet (born 31 August 1985) is a Tanzanian professional footballer who plays as a right-back. He currently plays for Conference North side Brackley Town.
Odhiambo began his career as a schoolboy with Oxford United, before moving to Southampton in 2003. A year later, he signed on professional terms with the club, and was loaned out on separate occasions to Chester City and Tamworth during the 2004–05 season. He did not break into the first-team at Southampton, and signed for Oxford United on a free transfer in July 2006. After two seasons of regular first-team football at Oxford, he joined Stevenage Borough on a free transfer ahead of the 2008–09 campaign. In his first season with the Hertfordshire side, he helped the club win the FA Trophy in May 2009. The following season, Odhiambo was part of the side that secured promotion to the Football League for the first time in the club's history. However, he was released at the end of the season, and subsequently joined Newport County, spending the 2009–10 season with the club, before moving to another Conference National team in the form of Gateshead. He spent one year at Gateshead, but was released in April 2012. A month later, Odhiambo signed for Brackley Town of the Conference North.
Career.
Early career.
Odhiambo started his career as a schoolboy with Oxford United, before later becoming a trainee with Southampton. He played in the same youth team as Theo Walcott and Dexter Blackstock, but failed to break into the first-team. He joined League Two side Chester City on loan in December 2004, playing in one game, a 3–1 win away to Halifax Town in the FA Cup. He returned to his parent club in early 2005, and continued to feature for the club's reserve team for the remainder of the 2004–05 season. During the early months of the following campaign, he was loaned out to Yeovil Town, although did not make any first-team appearances for the club, playing in one reserve match before returning to Southampton at the end of the brief loan agreement. In November 2005, Odhiambo joined Conference National side Tamworth on a three-month loan deal. He made his debut for the club in a 2–1 away victory over Canvey Island on 19 November, playing the whole match. He went on to start in all eleven games during his loan spell; eight in the league and three in the FA Cup — as Tamworth took Stoke City to a replay, which they ultimately lost 5–4 on penalties. He saw out the remainder of the campaign back at Southampton.
Oxford United.
In July 2006, Odhiambo signed for Oxford United, the club he started his football career with, on a permanent basis following the club's relegation from League Two to the Conference National. On signing for Oxford, Odhiambo stated — "Having played at Tamworth last season I know I can play at this level and hopefully above that with Oxford in the future". Following a pre-season that involved marking Cristiano Ronaldo in a friendly against Manchester United at the Kassam Stadium, He made his competitive debut for Oxford in a 2–0 home win over Halifax Town on the opening day of the 2006–07 season. He was a regular fixture in the side throughout the campaign, scoring his first goal for the club in a 1–1 home draw against Cambridge United in February 2007. He went on to score two further times that season; in convincing away victories against his former club, Tamworth, as well as in a 3–0 win against Altrincham. He made 47 appearances in all competitions during the season, as Oxford missed out on an immediate return to the Football League after losing to Exeter City in the play-off semi-finals.
Odhiambo remained at Oxford for the 2007–08 season, playing in the club's first game of the new season, a 1–0 home win against Forest Green Rovers. His season was disrupted by injury, missing two months of the campaign after sustaining knee ligament damage in a 1–1 draw with York City in late September 2007. He returned to first-team action on 10 November 2007, coming on as a 64th minute substitute and scoring Oxford's third goal in a 3–1 victory over Northwich Victoria; "providing an expert finishing touch at the far post" to wrap up the win. Odhiambo remained a regular for the remainder of the campaign, making 34 appearances, and scoring once more; netting the only goal of the game in Oxford's 1–0 win against York City at Bootham Crescent on 15 April 2008, to double his goal tally for the season. During his time at Oxford, he made 81 appearances in all competitions, scoring on five occasions.
Stevenage Borough.
He was offered a new contract by Oxford at the end of the 2007–08 season, but left to join Stevenage Borough in May 2008. Oxford were owed compensation for the player due to his age. He stated — "It was a hard decision, but I'm going to stick by it. I don't know the reception I'll get in Oxford, but a move should benefit me". Odhiambo made his debut for the Hertfordshire outfit on the first day of the season in a 5–0 defeat away at Wrexham, a game in which he featured at right-midfield, as opposed to his usual role of full-back. He continued to feature regularly throughout the first half of Stevenage's league campaign, scoring his first goal in October 2008 in a 2–1 defeat away to Eastbourne Borough. However, he struggled to hold down a first-team place from November onwards; featuring in only two league games in four months. His last appearance of the season came at Wembley Stadium, coming on as an 85th minute substitute in Stevenage's 2–0 victory against York City in the FA Trophy final. He made a total of 21 appearances during the 2008–09 season, scoring once.
At the start of Stevenage's 2009–10 campaign, Odhiambo again struggled for first-team appearances. He made his first start of the season on 31 August 2009, coming on as a substitute in a game against Histon; and scored the second goal in a 2–0 victory. As a result of his impressive performance, Odhiambo started playing on a much more regular basis; assisting goals in wins against Mansfield Town, Luton Town, and Eastbourne Borough. He scored his second goal of the season in a 3–0 win over AFC Wimbledon in April 2010, latching on Chris Beardsley's pass before lashing the ball into the net. Odhiambo played a total of 21 times during the season, scoring twice — as Stevenage won promotion to the Football League for the first time in the club's history, finishing the season as league champions. He was released by Stevenage at the end of the season. During his two years with the club, he played 41 times and scored three goals.
Newport County.
Ahead of the 2010–11 season, Odhiambo signed for Conference National side Newport County on a free transfer. He made his debut on the first day of the season in a 1–0 defeat away at Darlington, playing the whole match. He featured regularly as both a right-back and in central midfield during the campaign, playing 36 times as Newport secured a mid-table finish. His final game for the club was in a 7–1 away victory over Gateshead on the last game of the season. Despite featuring regularly during his one season at Newport, he was released by the South Wales side in May 2011.
Gateshead.
Following his release from Newport County, Odhiambo signed for fellow Conference National side Gateshead in June 2011. He joined the club on a free transfer, and on a one-year contract. He signed for Gateshead alongside striker Yemi Odubade, with the pair also having played together at Oxford United, Stevenage, and Newport. On signing Odhiambo, Gateshead manager Ian Bogie stated — "Eddie was outstanding as a marauding right-back against us for Newport on the last day of the season and another string to his bow is that he can cover in the central midfield areas, right midfield and at left back". Odhiambo made his Gateshead debut on 13 August in a 3–2 win over Kidderminster Harriers at Aggborough. He made 29 appearances in all competitions during the campaign, as Gateshead finished the season in eighth place in the league. Odhiambo was released by Gateshead on 30 April 2012.
Brackley Town.
Odhiambo signed for Conference North side Brackley Town for the 2012–13 season, making his debut on 18 August 2012 in a 4–1 win against Altrincham. He scored his first goal for Brackley three days later in a 5–0 win against Hinckley United. The goal was Odhiambo's first in nearly two-and-a-half years. He was almost ever-present during the campaign, making 46 appearances in all competitions as Brackley finished the season positioned in third place in the Conference North table. He played in all three of the club's play-off matches that season, as they were defeated 1–0 to Halifax Town in the final on 12 May 2013. At the end of the season, Odhiambo was voted as the club's Player of the Year.
Personal life.
He has two brothers who are footballers, Eric Odhiambo is a professional footballer playing for League of Ireland side Sligo Rovers, and Anaclet Odhiambo is semi-professional footballer who has played for Abingdon United.
In June 2009, he announced that he would go by his father's surname, Odhiambo. He had previously been known as Eddie Anaclet.

</doc>
<doc id="20436015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436015" title="Chard Branch Line">
Chard Branch Line

There were two Chard Branch Lines serving the town of Chard in Somerset, England. One was a northward branch, opened in 1863, from the Salisbury to Exeter main line, and the other, opened in 1866, ran south-eastwards from the Bristol – Taunton main line. Each branch had its own Chard passenger station at first, although the two lines connected in Chard.
Although the town had an important history, it was declining during the second half of the twentieth century and the branch lines retained a rural character.
They were operated as a single entity from 1917, but finally closed to passenger traffic in 1962, and to goods traffic in 1966.
Before the railway.
Chard had been an important commercial centre in the eighteenth century, based on linen drapery, shoemaking, wool and machine-made lace and cloth manufacture; during the canal age, a canal was built to connect the town to the Bridgwater and Taunton Canal at Creech St. Michael. It was completed in 1842 but it was never commercially viable.
The Bristol and Exeter Railway (B&ER) had opened its line to Taunton on 1 July 1842, giving rail access to London. The canal company sought Parliamentary approval to convert the canal to a railway, and it obtained an Act of Parliament to do so between Creech St Michael on the B&ER to Ilminster. The Act was passed on 16 July 1846; the Company obtained a second Act in 1847 to extend the railway to Chard. However the Chard Canal Company was in financial difficulty at this time and the necessary capital was not available; the powers lapsed, and the Chard Canal Company went into bankruptcy administration in 1853.
Connection southwards.
From 1856, the route of what became the Salisbury to Exeter main line was becoming firmer, after a considerable time spent in wrangling over alternatives: at last there were definite plans for a direct southern, narrow gauge route from Exeter to London.
The people of Chard discovered that this line would not pass through their town, but there would be a station on the new main line, then described simply as "three miles west of Winsham". (The station when built was called Chard Road, and it was two miles from the town.) Wanting a closer railway connection, promoters in the town met in November 1859 and resolved that "a railway from the London and South Western Railway, with a tramroad to the Canal Basin, is of great importance to the prosperity of the town". They promoted an independent "Chard Railway Company", obtaining an Act of Parliament on 25 May 1860 with a share capital of £25,000 and authorised loans of £8,300, to construct a railway from the town to the main line, and also a horse-operated goods tramway to the canal basin.
The London & South Western Railway (L&SWR) opened its Chard Road station on 19 July 1860. The Chard Railway Company started construction work on its line on 1 November 1860. The contractor for the line found himself unable to discharge his obligations and had to be replaced; this was followed by the second contractor failing too and the engineer to the line also departing.
Meanwhile the Chard company's chairman, called Loveridge, negotiated purchase with the L&SWR company, while hinting at alliance with the rival broad gauge interest, and the sale was agreed for the sum of £20,000, taking effect in April 1861, so that completion and operation of the branch now fell to the L&SWR.
The branch line was opened on 8 May 1863. The Chard station was at the junction of East Street and Victoria Road. It may have been called "Chard Town" from the start.
The line was worked by the L&SWR company. The first train was hauled by a coke-burning 2-2-2 well tank called "Firefly", believed to have been built specially for the line.
The initial train service was six trips each way, with three on Sundays.
Chard Road station was renamed Chard Junction in 1872.
Towards Taunton too.
Even while the line to the L&SWR was being built, there was great enthusiasm for another line, to the county town, through Ilminster, considered to be in need of a railway connection. The connection to the LSWR had been foremost because of its closeness, but the L&SWR did not offer convenient connection to the manufacturing areas of the Midlands and the North-West.
The Chard and Taunton Railway got parliamentary authority to build its line by Act of 6 August 1861. It was to build a 15½ mile line as a first stage to connecting the Bristol and English Channels.
The Bristol and Exeter Railway was anxious to keep the L&SWR well away from Taunton and therefore made friendly overtures. However the company was unable to raise the money required. It was dissolved by an Act of 1863 obtained by the B&ER, by which the B&ER was authorised to build the line, and to close the Chard Canal and to sell the land it owned that was not required.
The B&ER built a broad gauge single-track line from Creech Junction on its main line (a little west of the later Creech St Michael Halt), 2½ miles east of Taunton to a station at Chard. The line was 12 miles 61 chains long, and opened on 11 September 1866 to passengers, goods traffic being made ready in March 1867. Stations were built at Hatch, Ilminster and Chard.
The Chard Joint Station was located at the northern end of Victoria Road, on the site of the earlier canal basin. The L&SWR had extended its line to the B&ER station by simply connecting to the horse tramway to the canal basin. It presented it for approval to the Board of Trade inspector on the same day as the much longer B&ER branch was inspected, but it was rejected, and the L&SWR had to upgrade it for passenger operation, opening the line on 26 November 1866.
The station had an all-over roof, sheltering a platform and a single track. There was a bay at each end. The broad gauge of the B&ER and the narrow gauge of the L&SWR were separate at the Joint station, except that the turntable was of mixed gauge, accessible from each company's track. The connecting line passed the original Town station, leaving it on a stub. L&SWR trains from Chard Junction entered the Town station, and then backed out to the through line, and then proceeded to the Joint station.
Each company had its own station master and staff, and its own signalbox and booking office. Some L&SWR trains were diverted to by-pass the original Town station, and from 1871 an unmanned platform with a shelter was provided on the Joint line adjacent to the Town station. Eaton-Lacey says that the L&SWR "had ideas of closing the old terminus and constructing a new station on the spur platform, but the intentions did not come to fruition".
An intermediate station called Thorne Falcon was opened in 1871, renamed Thorne in 1890 and again renamed Thornfalcon in 1902.
The Great Western Railway (GWR) absorbed the B&ER on 1 January 1876. The GWR gradually changed the gauge of branch lines in the area to the narrow gauge. However there were competitive concerns that the L&SWR company would apply for running powers over the northern part of the Chard branch to get access to Taunton, so they delayed the gauge conversion of the Chard line: by 1884 it was the only broad gauge line east of Exeter. However it was eventually converted on 19 July 1891.
In the twentieth century.
In 1910 the L&SWR and the GWR made an agreement aimed at securing economies in localities where both companies had an activity. One consequence of the agreement was that the L&SWR Chard Town station (including the platform on the spur line) would close and the GWR would provide the passenger service throughout from Taunton to Chard Junction. This arrangement was given effect on 1 January 1917. Separate signal boxes were maintained until 1928.
In 1923 the Grouping of the railways took place, pursuant to the Railways Act, 1921 and the L&SWR was a constituent part of the new Southern Railway (SR).
In 1928 Chard Joint station was renamed simply Chard; two additional stations were opened in 1928 on the GWR section: Donyatt Halt south of Ilminster, and Ilton Halt north of Ilminster. Both railways were nationalised in 1948 but were initially managed as two separate regions – the GWR becoming the Western Region and the SR became the Southern Region.
In November 1935 the engine turntable at Chard was removed, as tank engines were in use on the line.
In 1949 Chard station was renamed Chard Central.
A fuel shortage in 1951 led to the line being temporarily closed from 3 February to 7 May.
The sparse population in the area, and more convenient bus services, made the passenger train service of dubious viability, and a census in July 1961 showed that an average of only 155 fare paying passengers alighting from branch trains, including at Chard Junction and Taunton; an average of four passengers alighted from the trains arriving at Chard station.
Passenger services were withdrawn permanently on 10 September 1962 and the line closed completely between Creech and Chard on 6 July 1964. Public goods traffic was retained at the original Town station at Chard until 3 October 1966.
Stations.
All stations were closed on 10 September 1962 unless noted otherwise.
Thornfalcon.
The B&ER opened a station to serve Thornfalcon village in 1871. Originally named 'Thorne Falcon', it was renamed 'Thorn' by the GWR in July 1890, but was renamed again to 'Thornfalcon' on 1 January 1902. After passenger services were withdrawn the goods yard remained open for nearly two more years, finally closing on 6 July 1964. Just one wooden platform was provided, but this was later rebuilt in concrete. The station has been demolished to make way for the A358 road. A nearby road bridge over the route has been designated as a Grade II listed building.
Hatch.
This is one of the two original stations between Taunton and Chard. It is a Brunel inspired Chalet-style station that served the village of Hatch Beauchamp. A goods shed was provided, and a signal box too from 1892 until 1956 to control a goods loop. Both the passenger and goods buildings are still standing and occupied by industrial users.
A tunnel is located a short distance to the north of the station.
Ilton Halt.
Opened on 26 May 1928, this was another simple single platform. This one was a concrete construction on an embankment to serve the village of Ilton. A small wooden shelter was provided, and a wartime pill box was built at the north end of the platform.
Ilminster.
This was one of the B&ER's original stations. It had just a single platform by a loop was provided to allow goods trains to pass. A goods shed and yard was situated to the south of the passenger station. Both the main buildings still stand in commercial use.
Donyatt Halt.
This was a small single platform halt opened by the GWR on 5 May 1928 served the local community around Donyatt. It was constructed from sleepers laid horizontally and pegged together to form a basic platform structure. A small over canopy "shed" served as a shelter during the winter months. Access to the platform was by crossing over the bridge at the Ilminster end of the station and going down an inclined path.
The halt is next to some World War II defences used on the Taunton Stop Line, with anti-tank traps around the station. During the threat of invasion, an inspection post could be quickly setup between Donyatt and Ilminster to stop and check the trains before allowing them to proceed.
The halt has been rebuilt in 2009 as part of a cycle track enhancement project.
Chard.
The joint station was opened on 11 September 1866 when the B&ER opened their branch from Taunton; the L&SWR added their connecting line from Chard Town two months later. The L&SWR was built to standard gauge but the B&ER was a broad gauge until 19 July 1891. The two companies maintained separate signal boxes and staff.
The station was initially referred to as 'Chard Joint'. It was renamed as plain 'Chard' on 1 March 1928, but it appeared as such in GWR timetables before that date.
There was a platform covered by a train shed for through trains, and a terminal bay platform at either end. The southern bay platform fell out of use in 1917 when the GWR took to operating trains through to Chard Junction. The sidings at the Southern end of the station were all removed by October 1927 and the signal box at this end of the station was closed the following year. Another name change under British Railways ownership saw it become 'Chard Central' on 26 September 1949. Passenger trains ceased to be operated on 11 September 1962, public goods traffic on 3 February 1964, and private goods traffic on 3 October 1966. The station building and train shed still stand and are in use by engineering companies.
Chard Town.
The first station located in the town was the L&SWR's Chard Town terminus. This single platform opened in 1860 but in 1866 a new line was constructed from just short of the platform to allow trains to enter the new Chard Joint station. For five years trains from the Junction called at Chard Town and then reversed to the connecting line and then resumed their forward journey to the Joint station; trains in the opposite direction had to reverse into the Town station. In 1871 a new platform was opened on the connecting line. The station closed to passengers on 1 January 1917 and was then the main goods station for the town until it finally closed on 18 April 1966.
Chard Junction.
This station was opened by the L&SWR on 19 July 1860, as 'Chard Road' on the route from London Waterloo station to Exeter. The word 'Road' in the station name indicated that whilst it was intended to serve Chard, it was not in the town but rather on the road outside. The branch to Chard opened on 8 May 1863 but the station was not renamed 'Chard Junction' until August 1872. The platform used by branch services was on the north side of the station forecourt, instead of alongside the main platforms which is the usual arrangement at most junction stations. The track layout did not allow trains to run directly between the branch and main line, instead traffic to and from the branch had to be shunted through a connection in the goods yard which was at the Exeter end of the station between the main and branch lines.
It was closed by British Rail on 7 March 1966. The signal box built in 1875 was retained to control sidings and a passing loop and was only replaced by a more modern structure in 1982.
Gradients.
Running north from Chard Junction, the line climbed at first at 1 in 80 and then at varying gradients between 1 in 200 and 1 in 94 until the divergence from the Town station line at Chard. Then it fell at an average of 1 in 80 almost to Donyatt Halt. The general level from there to Creech Junction is flat, but there were some switchbacks climbing briefly to Ilton and falling again, repeating that at Hatch, and rising again at 1 in 80 to a local summit at Ash, falling again at the same gradient.
Services.
The branch was initially operated as two separate lines, one from Taunton and one from Chard Junction. From 1917 the GWR operated both sections, but trains were normally advertised as separate services either side of Chard. For example on weekdays, in 1920 there were six trains between Taunton and Chard and five between Chard Junction and Chard, but only two of these were advertised as through services from Taunton to Chard Junction and there were no through services in the opposite direction. In 1947 the six trains to Taunton and nine to Chard Junction appeared in different time tables with no indication of through services. The journey between Taunton and Chard took about 40 minutes; between Chard Central and Chard Junction was just 8 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20436040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436040" title="Jack Frost (band)">
Jack Frost (band)

Jack Frost was an Australian rock band, a side project of The Go-Betweens' Grant McLennan and The Church's Steve Kilbey.
Jack Frost released two albums, "Jack Frost" in 1991 (released on Arista) and "Snow Job" in 1996 (on Kilbey's Karmic Hit label).
The line up on the first album was McLennan, Kilbey and Pryce Surplice on drums and sundries, plus "special guests" including Karin Jansson on backing vocals. . The album was rereleased on Karmic Hit with three bonus tracks after McLennan's 2006 death. It is closer to The Church (in mellow mode) than The Go-Betweens in sound and style. Kilbey thought highly enough of one song, "Providence", to include it on his 2000 "Acoustic and Intimate" solo album.
The line up on the second album was McLennan, Kilbey, Kilbey's brother Russell, Tim Powles from The Church and Jamie Pattugalan on drums on "Pony Express".
Tracks on "Jack Frost" (1st album") (Red Eye Records/Polydor CD; RED CD 18 - 847 548-2)

</doc>
<doc id="20436049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436049" title="Arina">
Arina

Arina is a feminine given name. 
Origins.
As a Slavic name, Арина, it is a variant of Irina, meaning "peace". 
It is also a Japanese name and a Kurdish name.
The Hungarian female name, Arina means "gold".

</doc>
<doc id="20436082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436082" title="Padosan Remake">
Padosan Remake

Padosan Remake is a Bollywood film starring Sanjay Dutt, Katrina Kaif and Ritesh Deshmukh. The film is a remake of 1968 laugh-riot Padosan. It is produced by Shemaroo Films and is directed by Neeraj Vora. The project is on hold.
Production.
Kareena Kapoor and Govinda were the original choices for this film but they were replaced with Katrina Kaif and Paresh Rawal respectively after they had rejected the offer.

</doc>
<doc id="20436116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436116" title="Francisco Escos">
Francisco Escos

Francisco Escos is a retired Argentine association football player who played in Argentina for Temperley and Estudiantes, in the NASL between 1971 and 1978 for the Rochester Lancers and in the Major Indoor Soccer League for the Buffalo Stallions from 1979 to 1981.
In 1984, Escos coached the Buffalo Storm of the United Soccer League. He later served as an assistant coach and the general manager of the Rochester Rhinos.

</doc>
<doc id="20436130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436130" title="Bush House (Grove Hill, Alabama)">
Bush House (Grove Hill, Alabama)

The Bush House is a historic house in Grove Hill, Alabama. The two-story Colonial Revival style house was built in 1912. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 28, 1999. It was listed due to its architectural significance as a part of the Clark County Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="20436180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436180" title="Willie Evans (footballer born 1939)">
Willie Evans (footballer born 1939)

Willie Evans (born 21 November 1939) is a Ghanaian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a defender.
Career.
Professional.
Evans played professional soccer in the United States, competing in the NPSL, NASL and ASL for the Atlanta Chiefs, the Washington Darts, and the Miami Toros. He was named to the 1969 ASL All-Star Team.
International.
Evans played international football for Ghana, and started on the team that won the 1965 African Cup of Nations in Tunisia.

</doc>
<doc id="20436194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436194" title="2006 Big 12 Championship Game">
2006 Big 12 Championship Game

The 2006 Dr. Pepper Big 12 Championship Game was held on December 2, 2006 at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri, and pit the divisional winners from the Big 12 Conference: the Nebraska Cornhuskers, winner of the North division against the Oklahoma Sooners, winner of the South division. The Sooners defeated the Cornhuskers, 21-7. This was the first time the two teams had ever met in the Big 12 conference championship game.
Regular season.
The Big 12 North representative was the Nebraska Cornhuskers. The team was coached by Bill Callahan, in his third season at Nebraska. Nebraska played their home games at Memorial Stadium. Quarterback Zac Taylor in his senior year led the Huskers to an undefeated record against Big 12 North opponents. The Huskers ended the regular season with a record of 9-3 (6-2, Big 12), with losses coming to USC, Texas, and Oklahoma State.
The Big 12 South representative was the Oklahoma Sooners. The team was coached by Bob Stoops, in his eighth season at Oklahoma. Oklahoma played their home games at Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium. The Sooners ended the regular season with a record of 10-2 (7-1, Big 12), with losses coming to Oregon and Texas.
After the Championship game.
The Sooners went on to play in the Fiesta Bowl and lose to Boise State Broncos in one of the most historic upsets in BCS and bowl game history, not only because of the winner, but the way in which Boise State used a trick play to win the game.
Nebraska went on to lose to the Auburn Tigers in the , 17 to 14.

</doc>
<doc id="20436201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436201" title="Aleksandar Pravdić">
Aleksandar Pravdić

Aleksandar Pravdić (born in Čačak in 1958) is a former Deputy Prime Minister in the Government of Serbia (2001-2004). He graduated from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Economics and until 2000 was employed as an economist in the Health Center in Gornji Milanovac. He is a long standing member of the Democratic Party of Serbia and has held elected positions within the party as Member of the General Committee of the DSS several times. He also served as the vice-president of DSS and was elected as Member of the Federal Assembly of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 2000, when he moved to Belgrade.
Since 2005, Mr Pravdić has been the government appointed CEO of Galenika the biggest pharmaceuticals company in Serbia, which is still government owned. He was given the award as the "best manager in Serbia" for 2007 because under his leadership Galenika has markedly improved its business performance. He is married with two children.
He is currently a member of the Advisory Council of the DSS.

</doc>
<doc id="20436260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436260" title="Pangidipalle">
Pangidipalle

Pangidipalle is a village panchayat in Chityal mandal in Warangal district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Geography.
Location in Google Maps
Approximate co-ordinates: 18° 24' 18.39", 79° 37' 59.98"

</doc>
<doc id="20436263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436263" title="Miralem Fazlić">
Miralem Fazlić

Miralem Fazlić (born 10 June 1947) is a Bosnian former professional footballer who played as a defender. Fazlić played in his home country for Sloboda Tuzla, and in the NASL between 1975 and 1979 for the Toronto Metros-Croatia and Rochester Lancers.

</doc>
<doc id="20436265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436265" title="Arasu Engineering College">
Arasu Engineering College

Arasu Engineering College is an engineering college located on Chennai Main Road in Kumbakonam in the Thanjavur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was ranked the No.2 engineering education provider in India by the Indian Government Educational Survey Board in 2009, closely behind IIT (Nagpur).
Arasu Engineering College, Kumbakonam was established by Sri Thirunavukkarasu Dhanalakshmi Educational and Charitable Trust in 1999. It was registered as a public charitable trust in 2000 It is the first engineering college started in the Kumbakonam.
It is an engineering colleges affiliated to the Anna University, Tiruchirapalli. The campus is spread over 50 acres. Arasu Engineering College offers programmes that have been approved by the All India Council for Technical Education with three programmes at the undergraduate level in 2001. The college at present offers six undergraduate programmes, with the approval of AICTE and Anna University Tiruchirapalli.

</doc>
<doc id="20436273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436273" title="Russell Lake (Nova Scotia)">
Russell Lake (Nova Scotia)

Russell Lake is a small shallow lake in Nova Scotia's Halifax Regional Municipality in the community of Dartmouth. The lake is bounded by the development of Russell Lake West to the west, Woodside to the south, Woodlawn to the north and Portland Estates to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="20436281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436281" title="European Platform">
European Platform

European Platform () is a Ukrainian political organisation founded December 14, 2006 by the European Party of Ukraine. The organisation never took part in Ukrainian parliamentary elections In the 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election the party competed in/for 1 constituency (seats); but it did not won in this constituency and thus missed parliamentary representation.
The aim of the organisation is:

</doc>
<doc id="20436305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436305" title="John A. Coate House">
John A. Coate House

The John A. Coate House is a historic house in Grove Hill, Alabama. The one-story spraddle-roof house was built in 1855. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 28, 1999. It was listed due to its architectural significance as a part of the Clarke County Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="20436380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436380" title="Oligobuninae">
Oligobuninae

Oligobuninae is an extinct subfamily of the Mustelidae family.
The subfamily was described by J. A. Baskin in 1998, who assigned seven genera to it - "Brachypsalis", "Megalictis", "Oligobunis", "Paroligobunis", "Potamotherium", "Promartes", and "Zodiolestes" - representing thirteen separate species.

</doc>
<doc id="20436400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436400" title="Cobb House (Grove Hill, Alabama)">
Cobb House (Grove Hill, Alabama)

The Cobb House is a historic house near Grove Hill, Alabama. The two-story I-house was built in 1865. It was added to the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on January 29, 1980 and subsequently to the National Register of Historic Places on July 28, 1999. It was listed due to its architectural significance as a part of the Clarke County Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="20436444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436444" title="59th Test and Evaluation Squadron">
59th Test and Evaluation Squadron

The 59th Test and Evaluation Squadron is an United States Air Force unit. It is assigned to the Air Combat Command 53d Wing, 53d Test Management Group at Nellis AFB, Nevada.
Overview.
The 59th Test and Evaluation Squadron is responsible for the management of A-10, F-15C/E, F-16, F-22, HH-60, and Guardian Angel weapon system testing including force development evaluations, tactics development and evaluations, and software evaluations. Squadron personnel direct operational test planning and execution, as well as data gathering, analyzing, and reporting for the above systems operated by the CAF. Additionally, the squadron manages OT&E of weapons and support systems in order to improve current and future U.S. Air Force combat capabilities.
History.
World War II.
Trained with P-39s in 1941, but soon changed to P-40s and served as part of the United States defense force for the east coast after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
The squadron moved to North Africa as part of the invasion force on 8 November 1942 and operated with Twelfth Air Force in the Mediterranean theater until February 1944, providing close air support for ground forces, and bombing and strafing personnel concentrations, port installations, fuel dumps, bridges, highways, and rail lines. Took part in the reduction of Pantelleria and flew patrol missions while Allied troops landed after surrender of the enemy's garrison. It also participated in the invasion and conquest of Sicily by supporting landings at Salerno, southern Italy, and the beachhead at Anzio.
After moving to India in February 1944, the unit trained with P-38s and P-47s. It then moved to China where it continued training and flew patrol and intercept missions. Upon returning to India in September 1944, it flew dive bombing and strafing missions in Burma until the Allied campaigns in that area had been completed.
From August 1946, the 33d served as part of the US occupation force in Germany, being assigned to USAFE airfields at Neubiberg and Bad Kissingen, operating P-47 Thunderbolts.
Strategic Fighter Escort Squadron.
Returned to United States in August 1947, being assigned to Strategic Air Command. Assigned administratively to Andrews Field, Maryland, then being formed operationally at Roswell Army Airfield, New Mexico on 16 August 1947 as part of Eighth Air Force. Equipped with P-51D Mustangs. In June 1948, transitioned to the first-generation F-84C Thunderjet.
Air Defense Command.
Reassigned to the Air Defense Command First Air Force on 1 December 1948. With the new ADC assignment, was reassigned to Otis AFB, Massachusetts on 16 November 1948 as part of the ADC 26th Air Division. In February 1949, transitioned to F-86A Sabre day interceptor with the F-84s being sent to Republic Aircraft for refurbishment and reassignment to Air National Guard units. 
Was moved to Goose AFB, Labrador under Northeast Air Command on 28 October 1952, assigned to NEAC's 64th Air Division, headquartered at Pepperrell AFB. The 59th FIS operated F-89 Scorpion jet interceptors from the airfield, assisting in the air defense of the region. While SAC received jurisdiction of the United States facilities at Goose AFB in 1957 with the inactivation of NEAC, Air Defense Command (ADC) took over the USAF atmospheric defense forces (including the NEAC 64th Air Division). The 59th FIS was upgraded to the F-102A Delta Dagger supersonic interceptor in 1960. It continued defensive patrols over the region. 
Moved to Bergstrom AFB, Texas in 1967 and was upgraded to the McDonnell F-101B Voodoo and the F-101F operational and conversion trainer. The two-seat trainer version was equipped with dual controls, but carried the same armament as the F-101B and were fully combat-capable. Moved to Kingsley Field, Oregon in 1968 then inactivated on 31 December 1969 as part of the drawdown of ADC interceptor bases, the aircraft being passed along to the Air National Guard.
Tactical Air Command.
Reactivated at Eglin AFB, Florida in 1970 and equipped with F-4 Phantom IIs. Supported the Tactical Air Warfare Center in weapon systems evaluation program tests from January–December 1973, and periodically thereafter until July 1978. Aircrews ferried F-4Es to Israel in October 1973. The 59th augmented intercept defense forces of the North American Air Defense Command (NORAD) beginning 1 January 1976 – 15 January 1979 and 4 January 1982 – 5 April 1982. In 1979, "The Golden Pride" traded in their last F-4s for the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. Later, they provided personnel and equipment to fly combat air patrols and air intercept missions for contingency operations in Grenada from October–November 1983, and Panama December 1989 – January 1990.
Modern era.
The 59th TFS did not deploy during Operations Desert Shield or Desert Storm. However, some of their personnel deployed with the 58th TFS from 26 August 1990 – 12 April 1991, to help support manning, and to provide some experience. One of the 59th's members who deployed to the Gulf was the late Captain Rhory "Hoser" Draeger, who, on 26 January 1991, shot down a MiG-23, while flying an F-15C. Personnel and aircraft continued rotations to Saudi Arabia to protect coalition assets and to ensure that Iraq complied with treaty terms. Continued deployments to Saudi Arabia, Canada, the Caribbean, South America, Jamaica, Iceland, Italy, and Puerto Rico and participated in various operations until inactivated in 1999.
Reactivated at Nellis AFB in 2004 assuming current mission.

</doc>
<doc id="20436454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436454" title="Jan Brunstedt">
Jan Brunstedt

Jan Brunstedt (born 9 July 1949 in Stockholm, Sweden) is an auto racing driver who competed in the 2008 Porsche Carrera Cup Scandinavia at the age of 59. He is also an airline pilot and managing director of Nordic Aero.
He started racing in karting from 1979. From then, he drove in single-seaters including the Swedish Formula 3 and Swedish Formula Opel championships. In 1996 he finished second in points driving in the Swedish Touring Car Championship. In 1997 he raced an ex-RML Vauxhall Vectra as an independent entry, making the briefest of appearances in the British Touring Car Championship. He only managed to race in two rounds at the second meeting of the year at Silverstone, finishing last in both races.
He once competed in the STCC in 2003 for Bakajev Motorsport in a BMW 320i.

</doc>
<doc id="20436507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436507" title="Jacinda Ardern">
Jacinda Ardern

Jacinda Kate Laurell Ardern (b. 26 July 1980) is a New Zealand politician. A member of the Labour Party, she was elected as a list MP at the 2008 general election.
Personal life.
Ardern grew up in Morrinsville and Murupara, where her father worked as a policeman. She attended Waikato University, where she earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Communications. She joined the Labour Party at a young age, and became a senior figure in the Young Labour Party. After graduating from Waikato University, she spent time working in the offices of Phil Goff and of Helen Clark as a researcher. She later spent time in London, working as a senior policy advisor. In early 2008 she won election as the President of the International Union of Socialist Youth.
In 2013, during a speech on the Marriage Amendment Bill, Ardern confirmed that she had been raised as a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) but left the church in 2005 because it conflicted with her political views.
Member of Parliament.
After being placed high on Labour's party list for the 2008 election (at number 20 she was virtually guaranteed a seat in Parliament) she returned from London to campaign full-time. She was selected as the Party's candidate for the Waikato electorate. Ardern was unsuccessful in the electorate vote, but was elected a List MP. Upon election, she was the youngest sitting MP in Parliament, succeeding fellow Labour MP Darren Hughes, and remained the youngest MP until the election of Gareth Hughes on 11 February 2010.
Ardern was appointed Labour's spokesperson for Youth Affairs, and associate spokesperson for Justice (Youth Affairs) by Labour leader Phil Goff.
Jacinda Ardern has featured as a panel guest on the TVNZ show Back Benches. The episode's panel was all young members of the political parties. On 19 November 2008, shortly after the 2008 general election, Ardern featured for her first time on this show. She featured again on Wednesday 23 June 2010,shortly after the shadow cabinet reshuffle, in which Ardern had no portfolio change.
She has also made regular appearances on TVNZ's Breakfast programme as part of the 'Young Guns' feature in which she appeared alongside National MP Simon Bridges.
Ardern contested the high-profile seat for Labour at the 2011 general election, against incumbent National MP Nikki Kaye for National and Greens candidate Denise Roche. Despite targeting Green voters to vote strategically for her, she was unsuccessful in her bid to unseat Kaye, losing by 717 votes. However, she was returned to Parliament via the party list. She maintains an office within the electorate as a listed MP based in Auckland Central.
After Goff resigned from the leadership following his defeat at the 2011 election, Ardern supported David Shearer over David Cunliffe. She was elevated to the fourth-ranking position in the Shadow Cabinet on 19 December 2011, becoming Spokesperson for Social Development under new leader David Shearer. In 2012 the Trans Tasman Roll Call rated her performance for the year at five out of ten, summarising that Ardern "thinks she knows her stuff but there is little sign she does her homework or has come up with new ideas in her policy area."

</doc>
<doc id="20436512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436512" title="Bartkus v. Illinois">
Bartkus v. Illinois

Bartkus v. Illinois, , is a decision of the U.S. Supreme Court. The decision held that coordination of federal officials with state officials did not implicate the Double Jeopardy Clause of the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. It also held that a defendant may be acquitted of a federal crime and convicted of a state crime, even if those crimes share the same evidence, without violating the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.
The case established the dual sovereign exception to the Double Jeopardy Clause, enabling state and federal prosecutions for substantially similar events.

</doc>
<doc id="20436517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436517" title="Maria Heiskanen">
Maria Heiskanen

Maria Heiskanen (born August 21, 1970) is a Finnish actress. She works in cinema, television and theatre.
Heiskanen received her breakthrough role in the 1991 Swedish film "" directed by Jan Troell. For her role Heiskanen won the Gold Plaque Award in Chicago International Film Festival for the Best Actress in 1992.
Heiskanen lived in Sweden during 1993 - 2003 and worked in movies and theatre. She played in Kungliga Dramatiska Teatern and in Riksteatern where she for example performed the role of Masja in Anton Chekhovs "The Seagull" (2008) directed by Lars Norén.
In Finland Heiskanen has worked with Aki Kaurismäki in "Lights in the Dusk" (2006). She also played in Aleksi Salmenperä's "A Man's Work" (2007) and was nominated for Jussi Awards from both performances.
In 2008, Heiskanen starred in the leading role of Jan Troell's "Everlasting Moments", for which she won the Guldbagge Award for Best Actress and the Best Actress Award from Valladolid International Film Festival. The film won the Guldbagge Award for Best Film and was nominated for Best Foreign Language Film at the 66th Golden Globe Awards. It also made the January shortlist for Best Foreign Language Film at the 81st Academy Awards, but wasn't selected as one of the final nominees.

</doc>
<doc id="20436552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436552" title="American Association of Teachers of Slavic and East European Languages">
American Association of Teachers of Slavic and East European Languages

The American Association of Teachers of Slavic and East European Languages (AATSEEL) is an academic organization founded in 1941. AATSEEL holds an annual conference each January and publishes the "Slavic and East European Journal" (SEEJ), a peer-reviewed journal of Slavic studies.
The current president of AATSEEL is University of Southern California professor Thomas Seifrid. Past president is University of Pittsburgh professor Nancy Condee. President elect, scheduled to become president at the beginning of 2015, is University of Pennsylvania professor Kevin M. F. Platt.

</doc>
<doc id="20436563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436563" title="Lady Xie">
Lady Xie

Lady Xie (birth and death dates unknown) was a concubine of Sun Quan, the founding emperor of the state of Eastern Wu in the Three Kingdoms period.
Life.
Lady Xie was a native of Shanyin (山陰), Kuaiji (會稽), which is in present-day Shaoxing, Zhejiang. She became Sun Quan's concubine on the recommendation of Sun's mother Lady Wu, who favoured her. Later, Sun Quan wanted to take his cousin Xu Kun's daughter Lady Xu as his new concubine, so he told Lady Xie to lower herself to accept the newcomer. However, Lady Xie refused and fell out of Sun Quan's favour as a consequence. She died at a relatively young age.
Family and relatives.
Lady Xie's father, Xie Jiong (謝煚), served as a Gentleman of the Imperial Secretariat (尚書郎) and the Prefect of Xu (徐令) during the Eastern Han Dynasty. Xie Jiong was known for his good moral conduct and brilliance since he was young.
Xie Jiong's younger brother, Xie Zhen (謝貞), was known for being very law-abiding, studious, and morally upright in conduct. He was nominated as a "xiaolian" (civil service cadet) and later served as the Chief of Jianchang (建昌長). He died in office.
Lady Xie had a younger brother, Xie Cheng (謝承), whose courtesy name was "Weiping" (偉平). Xie Cheng was known for being very well read and for his excellent memory. He initially served as a "Gentleman for All Purposes" (五官郎中), and was subsequently promoted to the positions of "Commandant of East Changsha" (長沙東部都尉) and "Administrator of Wuling" (武陵太守). He also wrote over 100 volumes of the "Hou Han Shu" (後漢書; "Book of the Later Han"), which documented the history of the Eastern Han Dynasty.
Xie Cheng's son, Xie Chong (謝崇), served as "General Who Spreads Might" (揚威將軍). Xie Chong's younger brother, Xie Xu (謝勗), served as the Administrator of Wu commandery (吳郡太守).

</doc>
<doc id="20436586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436586" title="Sergei Tyablikov">
Sergei Tyablikov

Sergei Vladimirovich Tyablikov (; September 7, 1921 – March 17, 1968) was a Russian theoretical physicist known for his significant contributions to statistical mechanics, solid-state physics, and for the development of the double-time Green function's formalism.
Biography.
Tyablikov was born in Klin, Russia. In 1944 he graduated from the Faculty of Physics at the Moscow State University (MSU) and started his postgraduate study with Anatoly Vlasov and later with Nikolay Bogoliubov at the Department of Theoretical Physics. In 1947 he obtained PhD degree ("Candidate of Sciences") with PhD Thesis on the subject of crystallization theory and was appointed to the Steklov Institute of Mathematics, where he continued to work for the rest of his life. 
In 1954 he defended at the MSU his doctoral dissertation "Studies of the Polaron Theory" and obtained the degree of Doktor nauk ("Doctor of Science", similar to Habilitation). Since 1962 he was the Head of the Division of Statistical Mechanics in the Steklov Institute of Mathematics. 
In the period 1966-1968, Sergei Tyablikov also worked at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research, where he was the first Head of the Statistical Mechanics and Theory of Condensed Matter Group at the Laboratory of Theoretical Physics.
Research work.
During postgraduate study in 1944—1947 he worked on theory of crystallization, where he applied such methods as diagonalization of bilinear forms in Bose or Fermi operators, etc., which later became a common tool for theoretical physicists.
After finishing PhD he started to work on the problem of a particle interacting with a quantum field. This problem is directly related to polaron theory, the effect of impurities on the energy spectrum of superfluids, and other problems in condensed matter physics. He was involved in the development of operator form of perturbation theory, approximate second quantization, adiabatic approximation for systems with translational invariance, and other theoretical physics methods which play an important role in the theory of many-particle systems.
Since 1948 in collaboration with Nikolay Bogoliubov he started to work on quantum theory of ferromagnetism and antiferromagnetism. In 1948 they developed a consistent theoretical polar model of metals. Later Tyablikov developed the first consistent quantum theory of magnetic anisotropy.
His particularly important contribution to antiferromagnetism was in the development of the method of quantum temperature Green's functions. In 1959, Sergei Tyablikov and Nikolay Bogoliubov published the paper  which strongly influenced the development of the many-body physics and specifically the quantum theory of magnetism. He also co-authored with V.L. Bonch-Bruevich the book "The Green Function Method in Statistical Mechanics", the first book with a consistent exposition of the method of Green's functions.

</doc>
<doc id="20436624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436624" title="Mabi de Almeida">
Mabi de Almeida

Álvaro "Mabi" de Almeida (12 October 1963 – 6 June 2010) was an Angolan professional football coach.
Career.
De Almeida was appointed Manager of the Angolan national team in November 2008, having previously been the Assistant Coach. In April 2009, the Angola Football Federation announced that although Mabi de Almeida's position was safe, they would be looking for a new coach. However, just a few days later, Mabi de Almeida was sacked after seven months in charge. 
He was named manager of Angolan club side Caála in May 2010.
Death.
De Almeida died on 6 June 2010 at the Huambo Province's Military Hospital, at the age of 46.

</doc>
<doc id="20436647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436647" title="Laba Sosseh">
Laba Sosseh

Laba Badara Sosseh was a Gambian son and salsa singer and composer.
A griot, Sosseh was born in Bathurst, British Gambia (now Banjul, the Gambia) on 12 March 1943. His family relocated to Dakar because of his father's work at the airport, and Sosseh engaged Dakar's musical scene, which was at the time strongly tilted towards son, rumba and other Cuban rhythms. As a founding member of Dakar's Star Band, he shared the limelight during the late 1960s with several future members of Orchestra Baobab. He also performed with Issa Cissokho's Vedette band.
In 1972, Sosseh cast his lot with a splinter group, Superstar de Dakar, that was based in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire. The band went through several incarnations, including the Super International Band de Dakar featuring singer Pape Fall, and Liwanza. After recording with Liwanza for local producer Aboudou Lassissi in 1977, Lassissi managed for Sosseh to visit New York, where he became involved in the fledging salsa scene, and recorded a series of LPs titled "Salsa Africana", with direction from Cuban sonero Monguito "El Unico".
Sosseh remained connected to the New York salsa scene for thirty years. He recorded repeatedly with Orquesta Aragón in Paris, and his song "Diamoule Mawo" was covered by Joe Arroyo (as "Yamulemau", with Arroyo singing in Wolof language by means of a phonetics sheet).
In 1998, Sosseh was tapped by famed Afro-salsa band Africando for their album Baloba! where he sang two tunes: "Ayo Nene" and his signature tune "Aminata". When Senegal and Cuba normalized relations, Sosseh was part of the "Afro-salseros de Senegal" project, together with Pape Fall, James Gadiaga and Issa Cissokho among others. On their only record, Sosseh sings "El Manisero" and (again) "Aminata".
Sosseh was also featured in several compilations of Afro-Cuban music, including "Putumayo: Congo to Cuba".
Sosseh, who fathered 27 children, died 20 September 2007 in Dakar. Colleagues Pape Fall and Cheikh Tidiane Tall announced his death on Senegalese radio.

</doc>
<doc id="20436650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436650" title="Dondena Centre">
Dondena Centre

The Carlo F. Dondena Centre for Research on Social Dynamics was established at Bocconi University in 2006. It aims to promote, coordinate and conduct interdisciplinary research on social dynamics, with emphasis on medium- and long-term processes and on comparative analysis.
The main areas of interest of the Centre are demography and the life course, e.g., fertility and family dynamics, intergenerational relationships and ageing, transitions to adulthood, migration, lifelong learning, social networks, medium- and long-range forecasting, labour market and social mobility; development and social cohesion, e.g., inequality, social norms and economic development, polarization, integration of migrants and second generations; welfare state and public policies, e.g. social policies in comparative perspective, Europeanisation and regional issues; and data collection and harmonisation, including creation of a data archive.
Researchers involved in the Centre include demographers, economists, experts in law, political scientists, social psychologists, and statisticians.

</doc>
<doc id="20436673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436673" title="Crescent Moon Society">
Crescent Moon Society

The Crescent Moon Society was a Chinese literary society founded by the poet Xu Zhimo in 1923, which operated until 1931. It was named after "The Crescent Moon", a poem by Rabindranath Tagore. In addition to Xu Zhimo, its other members included leading author and educator Hu Shi, poet Wen Yiduo, writers Liang Shih-chiu and Shen Congwen, Rao Mengkan, and sociologist Pan Guangdan.
The Crescent Moon Society—along with other aspects of China's literary establishment at that time—was part of the larger New Culture Movement.
It engaged in running debates with the "art for politics' sake" (and Chinese Communist Party-driven) League of the Left-Wing Writers.
The organisation dissolved shortly after the death of Xu Zhimo in November 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="20436677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436677" title="Ok So-ri">
Ok So-ri

Ok So-ri (; born 23 December 1968) is a South Korean actress. "Ok So-ri" is her stage name. Her real name is Ok Bo-gyeong (옥보경).
In 2008, she was convicted of adultery, for an affair she admitted having with a singer. Her husband, Park Chul (박철), a radio talk show personality, sought the maximum sentence of two years' imprisonment, while the prosecutors were seeking 18 months. Ok blamed her infidelity on a loveless marriage to her husband. She was sentenced, in December 2008, to eight months in prison by a suburban Seoul court, but avoided jail because the sentence was suspended for two years.
In September 2008, a lower court had declared both partners jointly responsible for their divorce, and awarded custody of their eight-year-old daughter to Mr Park.
Ok had been trying to overturn a 1953 law that criminalises extramarital affairs and can send a person to jail for up to two years for adultery. For this purpose she brought a case before the Constitutional Court of Korea, which ruled against the actress and in handing the decision said that society would be harmed if it overturned the law,
and that the "two-year jail term is not excessive when comparing it to responsibility."

</doc>
<doc id="20436774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436774" title="Sensitization (immunology)">
Sensitization (immunology)

In immunology, the term sensitization is used for the following concepts:
Those particles themselves are biologically inactive except for serving as antigens against the primary antibodies or as carriers of the antigens. When antibodies are used in the preparation, they are bound to the erythrocyte or particles in their Fab regions. Thus the step follows requires the secondary antibodies against those primary antibodies, that is, the secondary antibodies must have binding specificity to the primary antibodies including to their Fc regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20436778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436778" title="William Holmes (British Army medical officer)">
William Holmes (British Army medical officer)

William Holmes (1762–1834) M.D., J.P., of Quebec, was Surgeon-General to the British Forces in Canada.
Early life.
Born at Stewartstown, County Tyrone, Holmes was the son of William Holmes (d.1789) of Bray Island, Donaghmore, County Tyrone; an Anglo-Irishman and formerly an officer in the British army. His mother, Martha Stewart (1732–1805), was the daughter of Rev. Robert Stewart (1687–1764) of Gortnaglush, Co. Tyrone; Minister of Carland and described as "a man of considerable property". Robert Stewart was a grandson of Colonel Robert Stewart, of Irry and a first cousin of Andrew Stewart of Stuart Hall, Stewartstown, County Tyrone, "de jure" 7th Baron Castle Stewart.
Military career.
His mother's first cousin, George Stewart (grandfather of Field Marshal Sir George Stuart White), served as Surgeon-General of the British Forces in Ireland, and later President of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland. Under the auspices of this relation Holmes entered the medical department of the British army in 1787, stating that 'as was customary in those days I paid 400 guineas' for a commission. As Staff Surgeon to the 5th Regiment of Foot he was immediately posted to Quebec. From 1790 to 1791 he was in Detroit tending wounded Indians who had fought against the Americans, under Little Turtle and Blue Jacket.
When garrisoned in Niagara-on-the-Lake (then known as Newark), Upper Canada, he considered settling in the province. In 1792 he was granted in Pickering Township, where he bought more land, and in 1796 was issued a town lot in Newark. In 1796 his regiment was transferred to Quebec and three years later he was appointed Surgeon-General (the Senior Medical Officer) to the British Forces in the Canadas, ending his plans to settle in Upper Canada
Travelling to Europe, Holmes returned to Canada to carry out his new duties. He established himself in civil practice at Quebec and was associated with the Hôtel-Dieu de Québec and the Hôpital Général, serving as physician to the nuns at both hospitals. Both posts were unpaid, but they carried prestige that was valuable in building up a clientele as, no doubt, did his position of Deputy Grand Master of the Lower Canadian Freemasons from 1805.
Family.
Holmes was married firstly in 1789 to Mary Anne (d.1803), the daughter and co-heiress of Samuel Jacobs (1710–1786), Seigneur of Saint-Denis-sur-Richelieu, Quebec. After her father's death she lived at the home of Edward William Gray, Sheriff of Montreal, as his ward. In 1788, Gray wrote to Michel Cornud of Quebec (father-in-law of Denis-Benjamin Papineau), 
"Our Ward, Mary Anne, has with my consent engaged herself to marry Mr William Holmes, Surgeon to the 5th Regiment, a young man of good character and has something independent of his surgery who I think will be as good a match as ever she could expect to meet with, and if you should be of the same opinion, I request that you will send me a license (by the return of the post), as I am of opinion that the sooner business of this sort is finished the better it will be for the lady, as she seems to be rather capricious occasioned perhaps by some sort of improper attachment..."
William and Mary Anne were the parents of five surviving children:
His second marriage was in 1807, to Margaret MacNider (1764–1838), the widow of Colonel James Johnston (1724-1800). She was the sister of John MacNider and a niece of The Hon. Mathew MacNider. They had one daughter, 
Later life.
Retiring on half pay from the army, Holmes became a keen farmer and owned well-kept properties along Chemin Sainte-Foy and the road to Cap-Rouge. He was an active member of the Agriculture Society, in which his farmers were prize-winners. By 1815, he owned 15,000 acres at Buckland and Bellechasse, later inherited by his youngest daughter, Mrs Bellingham. In addition to his rural holdings, he owned several town houses (which he leased out), and other property in Quebec City. Through his second marriage he became co-proprietor of the Dorchester Bridge.
He continued his now considerable medical practice in Quebec and in 1813 was appointed examiner of candidates for medical licences. In 1816 he became physician to the Ursulines and President of the Quebec Board of Medical Examiners. In 1817 he was appointed a member of the Vaccine Board, and in 1821 he became its vice-president as well as being appointed a Justice of the Peace.
In November 1816, Holmes was appointed Commissioner for the Relief of the Insane and Foundlings at Quebec. In this position he helped to secure much needed funds for additional accommodation and repairs and later for further improvements, acting as trustee to oversee the works. He attempted to introduce fresh air and exercise and to remove restraint in the treatment of the insane, as advocated by the French specialist and theorist Philippe Pinel, but continued overcrowding in the older cells undermined such care. 
Known familiarly as the “Insane Physician,” Holmes remained solely responsible for care of the insane and the only medical man on the commission for their relief, to which he was reappointed in 1830 and 1832. Holmes’s son-in-law, whose father he was friends with, Sydney Robert Bellingham recalled Holmes in 1824,
"A tall gray-headed sixty-year old gentleman with small eyes and a slight north of Ireland brogue... the old doctor wore a loose dressing-gown and slippers, and spent the greater part of his day at the Garrison Library, not a stone’s throw from his residence, where he provoked much fun amongst the officers by his free and easy costume"
According to Bellingham, Holmes had been 'generous and kind to his patients', had been well liked in the religious hospitals, and had frequently 'declined payment for his advice and medicines.' He never mastered French but he maintained a successful private practice. The Dictionary of Canadian Biography summarises his career,
"In his appointive positions Holmes represented the medical establishment and British military and executive authority in a period of professional and political conflict and change. Although thrown by his offices into the debates, being neither an intellectual nor an innovator he did not play a leading role. As the system of health care and the medical profession became increasingly entangled in the political struggle between the assembly and the executive branch in the Lower Canadian legislature, Holmes tended to draw apart. If he had been quick-tempered as a young man, in later years he seems to have mellowed, living quietly with his family, yet “ever-activated,” as he had earlier declared, “by the faithful discharge of duties.” Prosaic in outlook, Holmes outlived his contemporaries, in many ways an 18th-century practitioner to the end."

</doc>
<doc id="20436800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436800" title="Oligobunis">
Oligobunis

Oligobunis is an extinct genus of mustelids, which existed during the Miocene epoch.
The genus was first described by E. D. Cope in 1881. Cope assigned the genus to the family Mustelidae, and J. A. Baskin assigned it to the subfamily Oligobuninae in 1998. Two species have been identified in the genus: "O. crassivultus" and "O. floridanus". Three more - "O. gemmarosae", "O. lepidus", and" O. vantasselensis" - were later assigned to the genus "Promartes". "O. floridanus" was a medium-sized badger type mustelid carnivore that filled the niche of small cats during the "cat gap" of the early to middle Miocene in North America. Its fossils have been discovered in Florida, Nebraska, and Oregon. 

</doc>
<doc id="20436873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436873" title="Sial (disambiguation)">
Sial (disambiguation)

Sial may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20436882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436882" title="HM Prison Kennet">
HM Prison Kennet

HM Prison Kennet is a Category C men's prison, located in Parkbourn, Maghull (near Liverpool) in Merseyside, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Faced with overcrowding in regional prisons, the National Offender Management Service in December 2006 planned a new facility on the East Site of Ashworth Hospital, which it leases from MerseyCare NHS Trust. The site of the new prison and surrounding area were known locally as Kennet Heath, so the name Kennet was adopted for the prison.
The prison was converted from the existing medical buildings at a cost of £19 million. It began accepting inmates in September 2007, but was officially opened in February 2008.
In April 2010, The Howard League for Penal Reform rated Kennet as the most overcrowded prison in England and Wales. The prison was found to be running at 193% capacity.
The prison today.
Kennet Prison holds Category C adult males from the surrounding area. Accommodation at the prison is divided between seven units, predominantly containing double occupancy cells with integral sanitation, showers on all landings, purpose built serveries, and association facilities. There is also an additional segregation unit. 
The prison offers workshops, training and education to all inmates. Workshops include Bricklaying, Plastering, Construction and Joinery, as well as Painting and Decorating. Education courses include Information Technology, Business Studies, Art and Design, Catering and Media Studies.
There is a visitors centre at Kennet Prison, with facilities including a children's play area and refreshments. There is access for disabled visitors throughout the visitors area.

</doc>
<doc id="20436887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436887" title="Semi clan">
Semi clan

Semi (also Sehmi, Seami, Seimi) is Jat Sikh clan originating from southern Punjab (Malwa).

</doc>
<doc id="20436900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436900" title="BET's Listening Party">
BET's Listening Party

"BET's Listening Party" is the second album by R&B group Jade. It was released in summer of 1993 and is a live album.

</doc>
<doc id="20436903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436903" title="Joe Cummings">
Joe Cummings

Joe Cummings (born Joseph Robert Cummings, September 1, 1964 in Union, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian poet.
His poetry has been published in Canadian and international publications including, Literary Review of Canada, Adirondack Review and Quills Canadian Poetry Magazine. 
His first poetry collection, "Threats and Gossip", was published by McArthur & Company Publishing in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20436904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20436904" title="Albert Arlen">
Albert Arlen

Albert Arlen AM (10 January 190524 March 1993) was a Turkish Australian pianist, composer, actor and playwright. He is best known for his musical "The Sentimental Bloke" (to the poetry of C. J. Dennis), the "Alamein Concerto", and his setting of Banjo Paterson’s "Clancy of the Overflow".
Biography.
Albert Aarons was born in Sydney in 1905 to Turkish immigrants. He was educated at Cleveland Street Public School and Crown Street High School. He studied at the New South Wales State Conservatorium (graduated in 1924) and the École Normale de Musique de Paris. He then worked in London where he played various roles in West End repertory productions, as well as writing his own musical compositions and plays such as "The Son of the Grand Eunuch" (January 1937). He was known professionally as Albert Arlen and legally changed his name in 1948.
In 1939, he joined the Royal Air Force as a pilot, serving in the Middle and Far East. These experiences inspired a concerto for piano and orchestra, which he called the "Alamein Concerto". This was first performed in Cairo in 1944, with pianist Phil Finch and conductor Hugo Rignold. It was recorded by Monia Liter with the Mantovani Orchestra. Pathé used the music in their documentary on the anniversary of the Battle of El Alamein. After the war Arlen was sent to Singapore, and wrote musical revues which were seen in Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaya and Ceylon.
Albert Arlen married actress, singer and playwright Nancy Brown in 1949. Nancy was born in Brisbane in 1909 and moved to England at the age of 14, after her parents’ divorce. She appeared in such musicals as "Old Chelsea" with Richard Tauber.
The Sentimental Bloke.
Albert and Nancy returned to Australia, living in Canberra. Together, they started writing "The Sentimental Bloke" around 1950, to C. J. Dennis's "The Songs of a Sentimental Bloke". Initially they sought the involvement of George Johnston, who showed little interest. Later, the actor Lloyd Thomson was brought on board as writer. Albert and Nancy went to England in 1955 to promote the show. This was unsuccessful so they returned to Australia, borrowed some money, put together an amateur cast, and staged the show themselves in March 1961 in the Albert Hall in Canberra. (A ballet with the same name, choreographed by Lauren Martyn with music by John Tallis had premiered in Melbourne in 1952. This was withdrawn shortly after its premiere since Albert Arlen owned the rights to stage representations of Dennis’s works.) The show had a one-week run in Canberra, which was so popular that extra seating in the aisles had to be arranged. J. C. Williamson’s directors Sir Frank Tait and John McCallum attended the final performance and decided to sponsor it for a further six-week season at the Comedy Theatre in Melbourne (from 4 November 1961), directed by John Young. This was later extended to five months. The roles of The Bloke, Doreen and Rose of Spadger’s Lane were played by Edwin Ride, Patsy Hemingway and Gloria Dawn respectively. It eventually ran for over a year in Adelaide, Brisbane, Sydney and New Zealand. The show was turned into another ballet, with Arlen’s music freely arranged by John Lanchbery and choreography by Robert Ray, which the Australian Ballet staged in 1985 in Australia, and presented on their tour of the Soviet Union.
"The Girl from the Snowy" (Riverside Theatre, Canberra, 17 March 1960) and "Marriages Are Made in Heaven", two other musicals, failed to have the success of "The Sentimental Bloke". Arlen also wrote some songs and piano pieces.
The songs "Clancy of the Overflow" and "The Rivetter" were recorded by Peter Dawson, the former in a best-selling recording made on 4 May 1955, accompanied by the London Symphony Orchestra conducted by Charles Mackerras.
In 1991 Nancy Brown Arlen published her autobiography "The Black Sheep of the Brown family: A Magic Life!".
Albert Arlen died on the Sunshine Coast, Queensland, in 1993.
Honours and awards.
For his "service to music and the performing arts," Albert Arlen was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in January 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20437020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437020" title="Lorry Gloeckner">
Lorry Gloeckner

Lorry Gloeckner (born January 25, 1956 in Kindersley, Saskatchewan) is a professional hockey player who played for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20437041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437041" title="Šaulić">
Šaulić

Šaulić is a Serbian surname and family with origin in Old Herzegovina, subfamily of the Jakšić of Drobnjaci clan.

</doc>
<doc id="20437053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437053" title="Lloyd Haddon">
Lloyd Haddon

Lloyd Ward Haddon (born August 10, 1938) is a professional hockey player who played for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20437055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437055" title="Jakšić">
Jakšić

Jakšić () is a South Slavic name and toponym, that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20437061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437061" title="GOODE Ski Technologies">
GOODE Ski Technologies

GOODE Ski Technologies is a sporting goods manufacturing corporation headquartered in Ogden, Utah. Its main products are carbon fiber based snow skis, ski poles, water skis and accessories.
History.
Dave Goode founded GOODE Ski Technologies in 1975. During the first fifteen years, the then Michigan-based company manufactured and marketed a full line of ski accessories. 
In 1990, the company introduced the carbon composite ski pole, then in 1994, the company applied the same technology to the manufacturing of water skis, patenting the carbon fiber water ski. Over the past 14 years, carbon fiber skis have set the Men's and Women's World Records and won many US National Medals.
In 1995, GOODE prototyped and built the carbon fiber snow ski. In 2001, the company expanded its factory and purchased the production assets of Volant skis, and currently produces a full line of carbon fiber snow skis.
In 2004, the corporate headquarters were relocated to Ogden, Utah to be closer to world-class snow and water skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="20437111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437111" title="Genetics and IVF Institute">
Genetics and IVF Institute

Genetics & IVF Institute.
The Genetics & IVF Institute (GIVF) is a provider of infertility and genetics services, and also engages in biomedical research in these fields. The Institute was founded in 1984 by Dr. Joseph D. Schulman and associates. GIVF headquarters are in Fairfax, VA, USA, and its facilities include locations in Pennsylvania, Minnesota, California, and Texas in the United States, as well as in China.
Genetics & IVF Institute has been responsible for numerous key innovations to help couples have healthy babies and to improve the reproductive health of women. These include:
First U.S. medical center to introduce non-surgical ultrasound guided egg retrieval (transvaginal oocyte retrieval) for IVF;
achieved America's first frozen embryo twin birth;
first American team to publicly report pregnancies using ICSI (intracytoplasmic sperm injection);
first to offer clinical laboratory testing for certain mutations in the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes which cause hereditary breast cancer;
developed the important technique of non-surgical sperm aspiration for improved treatment of male infertility;
first in the world to initiate ovarian cryopreservation for storage of oocytes for women with cancer;
discovered a method (non-disclosing preimplantation genetic testing) for the effective prevention of Huntington disease;
developed MicroSort, an important flow-cytometric human sperm separation technique for preconceptual gender selection, which has already produced over 1,000 births.
The services and research activities at Genetics & IVF have been the subject of many articles in major newspapers, such as the New York Times, and on numerous television and radio news shows.
In 1998, the Institute opened a branch facility in Shanghai, China, becoming the first modern infertility treatment and medical genetics center in that country.
The Institute's American activities involve a large donor egg program, one of the world's major group of sperm banks, one of America's most active preimplantation genetics testing centers, and oocyte cryopreservation via vitrification in addition to more conventional IVF, infertility, and genetic services.

</doc>
<doc id="20437113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437113" title="List of burial places for Prime Ministers of Canada">
List of burial places for Prime Ministers of Canada

This is a list of burial places of the Prime Ministers of Canada.
All but Diefenbaker are buried in grave (in a cemetery or church graveyard):

</doc>
<doc id="20437150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437150" title="Francis Norie-Miller">
Francis Norie-Miller

Sir Francis Norie-Miller, 1st Baronet (11 March 1859 – 4 July 1947) was a British insurance company manager and Liberal later Liberal National politician. Although he was born in England, his chief associations were with Scotland and in particular the city of Perth. In 1936, he was created a Baronet with the title of Norie-Miller of Cleeve in the New Year’s Honours List for political and public service in the County of Perth and for his local philanthropy.
Family and education.
Norie-Miller was born at Cheshunt in Hertfordshire, the son of Henry Miller, the Chief Statistical Officer for HM Customs and his wife Anne Norrie. Norie-Miller was educated privately and then trained for the law but he never practised and began a career in insurance instead. In 1884 he married Grace Harvey Day, the daughter of the vicar of Cheshunt. They had two sons, Claud, who was killed on active service in 1917 and Stanley who went on to succeed his father in the baronetcy and in business. They also had a daughter, Elwena. Norie-Miller's first wife died in 1931 and three years later he married his secretary Florence Jean Belfrage McKim, of Scone in Perthshire.
Career.
Norie-Miller began his insurance career in London, then moved to Glasgow and for practically the next sixty years he was a chief officer of a number of insurance companies. He was particularly associated with the General Accident, Fire and Life Assurance Association, which he joined soon after it was incorporated in 1885. He played a crucial role in developing its business base in the United Kingdom and later was central in the company’s expansion overseas, most notably in the USA. Under his dynamic direction the company built up a worldwide business. He went on to be its Chairman and Managing Director. The portrait of Norie-Miller which hung in the company board room in Perth bore the legend “Founder of the Company”. One historian of the insurance industry has described Norie-Miller as one of ‘the great insurance autocrats of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries’.
Public service.
Norie-Miller was intimately involved with the civic life of Perth for many years. He was a Justice of the Peace for the county of Perthshire for nearly 50 years. For over 21 years he was Chairman of the School Board of Perth or of Perth County Education Authority and he was for 32 years Director (15 years Chairman) Perth Royal Infirmary. In 1907 he was made an honorary fellow of the Educational Institute of Scotland and in 1933 he became a freeman of the city of Perth.
Politics.
Norie-Miller contested Perth as a Liberal at the 1931 general election. The Liberal Party, led by Sir Herbert Samuel had agreed to support the National Government of Ramsay MacDonald at the 1931 general election, with some reservations over the traditional Liberal policy of free trade and Norie-Miller fought the election publicly supporting the government . However the Conservatives also supported the National Government and neither party therefore had a clear advantage with the electorate in terms of identification with the National Government.
Norie-Miller then stood down as prospective Liberal candidate for Perth and in 1934 the local Liberal Association selected James Scott, the former Liberal MP for Kincardine and Aberdeenshire West as their new representative. In 1935, when Lord Scone succeeded his father as Earl of Mansfield and Mansfield and went to the House of Lords, a by-election was called for Perth. However, instead of adopting James Scott as their Parliamentary candidate, the Perth Liberals invited Norie-Miller to fight the election as they learned that Perth Conservatives were willing not to oppose him at the by-election providing he stood as a National candidate. Scott was known as a strong supporter of Free Trade whereas Norie-Miller favoured tariffs and protectionism. In a straight fight with Labour candidate Mr A McKinley, Norie-Miller won the by-election on 16 April 1935 by a majority of 9,532. 
Whether Norie-Miller simply did not take to political life, or found it clashed too greatly with his business responsibilities or if he just felt he was too old at 76 to give Parliament its proper attention, he decided not to contest the 1935 general election in November that year. There had clearly been some confusion about his candidacy and its joint support by local Liberal and Conservative Associations. Shortly before the election, a Captain Harry Houldsworth, looked set to contest the seat as a National Conservative but suddenly withdrew claiming he had misunderstood the local position and in the belief that Norie-Miller wished to continue. There was division in the Conservative ranks about whether to renew support for Norie-Miller. On 26 October, Norie-Miller did withdraw from the electoral race, citing medical reasons and the confusion of the position but the Unionists did not re-select Captain Houldsworth as their man, turning instead to Thomas Hunter, who was described in "The Times" newspaper as the Lord Provost of Perth and who could also rely on Liberal support. So no Liberal candidate of any stripe contested the 1935 general election in Perth which was won by the Unionists in a straight fight with Labour.
Death.
Norie-Miller remained active in the insurance business until the time of his death, as chairman of General Accident until 1944 and as its honorary governor from 1938 until his death in 1947. He died at his home at Cleeve, Cherrybank, near Perth, on 4 July 1947, aged 88 years, and was buried at St Ninian's Cathedral, Perth where he had been a worshipper.

</doc>
<doc id="20437180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437180" title="Essai d'ouverture">
Essai d'ouverture

"Essai d'ouverture" is a 1988 French 15-minute-long film by Luc Moullet.
It's about one narrator and his attempts at opening a Coca-Cola bottle.

</doc>
<doc id="20437181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437181" title="1898–99 Ottawa Hockey Club season">
1898–99 Ottawa Hockey Club season

The 1898–99 Ottawa Hockey Club season was the club's 14th season of play. Ottawa placed third in the league.
Team business.
The rival Ottawa Capitals applied to join the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada (AHAC). When the AHAC league accepted the Capitals, Ottawa, along with Montreal, Quebec and Victorias left the AHAC. The clubs would form the Canadian Amateur Hockey League (CAHL) along with the Montreal Shamrocks.
Season.
The future Hall of Fame brothers Hod and Bruce Stuart made their debuts for Ottawa this season. Harvey Pulford did not play this season, recovering from a collarbone injury sustained in the Canadian football championship game. Chauncy Kirby would return to captain the team in his place.
Highlights.
A controversy erupted between goalkeeper Fred Chittick and the Ottawa club, prompting accusations that Chittick was a "shamateur" receiving payment to play. Bouse Hutton would replace Chittick in net, starting on February 18, after Chittick gave up 16 goals in a game on February 11. Chittick attempted to score by himself, rushing the length of the ice from his net, without success.
Game log.
‡ defaulted to Ottawa

</doc>
<doc id="20437203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437203" title="All Writs Act">
All Writs Act

The All Writs Act is a United States federal statute, codified at , which authorizes the United States federal courts to "issue all writs necessary or appropriate in aid of their respective jurisdictions and agreeable to the usages and principles of law."
The act in its original form was part of the Judiciary Act of 1789. The current form of the act was first passed in 1911 and the act was amended several times since then.

</doc>
<doc id="20437226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437226" title="327th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron">
327th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron

The 327th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 64th Air Division stationed at Thule AB, Greenland. It was inactivated on 25 March 1960.
History.
Air defense and operational training unit until 1 March 1943, and afterward replacement training unit until 31 March 1944. On 1 May 1956, they became the first squadron to employ the Convair F-102A 'Delta Dagger' in operational service, becoming the first supersonic unit in Air Defense Command.

</doc>
<doc id="20437252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437252" title="Musika">
Musika

Musika is a music video game created for the iPod by Masaya Matsuura (of "Parappa the Rapper" and "Vib-Ribbon" fame). Originally called "Rhythmica", "Musika" was created exclusively for the iPod click wheel interface and is considered similar in format to the rhythm game, "Phase", also for iPod. Matsuura has said in interviews that his decision to make the game for the iPod was a simple decision because "years ago Apple's tools first opened [his eyes to the power of music and multimedia, so it's exciting him to release first game for this device."
Gameplay.
"Musika" is a music-generated game and as such it is played using the songs already on the iPod it is played on. To player the player selects a song from the list of all songs available and plays it. As the music plays, the player is challenged to press the Select button (the only button used to play the game) as soon as a character (letter or number) from the song's title appears in the field. The faster this is done, the more points are earned. For every 5 letters selected correctly and for every completed song, score multipliers build up the more correct letters you get in a row. High scores can lead to development of bonus icons, which act to protect the player against misses, passes and blocks.

</doc>
<doc id="20437262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437262" title="Anne Hathaway (poem)">
Anne Hathaway (poem)

"Anne Hathaway" is a poem by Carol Ann Duffy about Anne Hathaway, the wife of William Shakespeare.
This poem, a sonnet, appears in "The World's Wife", published in 1999, a collection of poems. The poem is based on the famous passage from Shakespeare's will regarding his "second-best bed". Duffy chooses the view that this would be their marriage bed, and so a memento of their love, not a slight. Anne remembers their lovemaking as a form of "romance and drama", unlike the "prose" written on the best bed used by guests, "I hold him in the casket of my widow's head/ as he held me upon that next best bed".

</doc>
<doc id="20437320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437320" title="Definite quadratic form">
Definite quadratic form

In mathematics, a definite quadratic form is a quadratic form over some real vector space that has the same sign (always positive or always negative) for every nonzero vector of . According to that sign, the quadratic form is called positive definite or negative definite.
A semidefinite (or semi-definite) quadratic form is defined in the same way, except that "positive" and "negative" are replaced by "not negative" and "not positive", respectively. An indefinite quadratic form is one that takes on both positive and negative values.
More generally, the definition applies to a vector space over an ordered field.
Associated symmetric bilinear form.
Quadratic forms correspond in one-to-one way to symmetric bilinear forms over the same space. A symmetric bilinear form is also described as definite, semidefinite, etc. according to its associated quadratic form. A quadratic form and its associated symmetric bilinear form are related by the following equations:
Example.
As an example, let , and consider the quadratic form
where and and are constants. If and , the quadratic form is positive definite. If one of the constants is positive and the other is zero, then is positive semidefinite. If and , then is indefinite.

</doc>
<doc id="20437335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437335" title="Durobong">
Durobong

Durobong is a mountain in the province of Gangwon-do in South Korea. Its area extends across Pyeongchang County, Hongcheon County and the city of Gangneung. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20437392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437392" title="Jack Littlepage">
Jack Littlepage

Jack Littlepage was an American mining engineer. He was long employed in the USSR, and was Deputy Commissar of the USSR's Gold Trust in the 1930s. He is one of the recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour.
Biography.
Having successfully completed his assignment to return the Caucasian oil fields to production after the Russian Civil War, Alexander Serebrovsky was charged by Joseph Stalin to reform the Soviet gold industry. Serebrovsky immediately travelled to Alaska posing as a simple "Professor of Mines"; his plan was to duplicate American mining techniques in the USSR. At one of the first mines he visited, Serebrovsky met Jack Littlepage, who was a successful mining engineer.
Littlepage flatly turned down Serebrovsky's offer of work in the USSR stating that he "did not like Bolsheviks" as they "seem to have the habit of shooting people, especially engineers." However Serebrovsky persevered and persuaded Littlepage to emigrate to the USSR with his family.
Littlepage arrived on 1 May 1928 with his wife and two young daughters. In a Soviet propaganda leaflet, Littlepage was said to have been "drawn to the Soviet Union by the grand scale of our construction work, the ideas of great Stalin, the chance to unfold his talents freely." The financial incentive was left unstated, but the leaflet, penned by Serebrovsky, soundly reflected at least the non-pecuniary elements by which Littlepage was motivated. Littlepage soon learned Russian, was renamed Ivan Eduardovich and with unflagging drive "set about verifying calculations, designs, estimates, plans of work."
In the following six years, the USSR's gold production outstripped the United States' and was poised to exceed the British Empire's. Unlike many US citizens who emigrated to the USSR at the time, Littlepage was not forced to take up Soviet citizenship nor did the Soviet regime confiscate his US passport as it did in the case of many such emigrees. However he was required to ignore the use of slave labour in the Soviet gold mines. In the midst of the Soviet repressions, Littlepage carried on his work as Deputy Commissar, advising Serebrovsky on the deployment of Alaskan-style prospecting parties in the virgin Soviet gold fields.
Despite his skepticism about the regime before he emigrated, Littlepage claimed to believe that the "wreckers" and "saboteurs" condemned at the Soviet show trials were the cause of the poor industrial performance of the USSR.
Littlepage's success earned him the Order of the Red Banner of Labour and a Soviet-built Ford Model A the latter being regarded as one of the most precious gifts of the time in the USSR. Littlepage was to return to the US several times to recruit more engineers into the Soviet gold mine industry: at the time of the Great Depression there was never a shortage of willing candidates. Many of the thousands of US workers who emigrated to the USSR at the time in search of work subsequently became victims of the Terror.
Serebrovsky was eventually "unmasked", according to Stalin's own report, as a "vicious enemy of the people" who had delivered no less than 50m gold bars to Leon Trotsky. Dubbed the "Soviet Rockefeller" for his work on the Caucasian oil fields, Serebrovsky was executed and Littlepage was tainted by his connection at Serebrovsky; Littlepage found himself starved of work. Petrified Russian employees refused to come anywhere near him, a friend of an executed "enemy of the people" and a foreigner at a time when foreigners were deeply distrusted by the paranoia which dominated Soviet policy.
Remarkably, Littlepage was one of the few immigrants from the US allowed to leave the USSR during the Terror: those who remained captive were killed or persecuted. Littlepage left the USSR shortly after an interview at the US embassy in Moscow on 22 September 1937 in which he asserted his opinion that Soviet industry Commissar Georgy Pyatakov had organized "wrecking" in various gold mines.
In a series of articles for "The Saturday Evening Post" Littlepage described a continuing "Far Eastern gold rush" and the "intrepid men and women" prospecting the wastes of Eastern Siberia. Even when responding to questions from the US War Department, Littlepage did not mention the legions of slaves deployed to extract the gold in lethal conditions in the frozen wastlands of the Gulag in north Eastern Siberia.

</doc>
<doc id="20437393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437393" title="Duryusan (Gangwon)">
Duryusan (Gangwon)

Duryusan is a mountain in the county of Hwacheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20437399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437399" title="Compute Node Linux">
Compute Node Linux

Compute Node Linux (CNL) is a runtime environment based on the Linux kernel for the Cray XT3, Cray XT4, Cray XT5, Cray XT6, and Cray XE6 supercomputer systems based on SUSE Linux Enterprise Server. CNL forms part of the Cray Linux Environment. systems running CNL were ranked 3rd, 6th and 8th among the fastest supercomputers in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20437421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437421" title="Cruz Azul Hidalgo">
Cruz Azul Hidalgo

Club Deportivo Cruz Azul Hidalgo also known as Cruz Azul Hidalgo is a professional football club in Mexico currently playing in the Ascenso MX league of Mexico . Their stadium is the Estadio 10 de Diciembre located in Ciudad Cooperativa Cruz Azul (before Jasso) in Hidalgo and is the affiliate team of Cruz Azul.
History.
The club started playing in the third Division professionally under the name Cruz Azul Hidalgo, then some seasons later got promoted to second Division B then in one single season got promoted to . Finally the team successfully got promoted to Primera División A or now known as Ascenso MX as of 2012. After Some seasons playing in Primera División A and disputing one final in the Verano 2000 season vs Irapuato, the team changed their name to Cruz Azul Oaxaca and moved to Oaxaca under Directive orders. After some seasons it was decided to move back to Jasso, Hidalgo and brought back the name Cruz Azul Hidalgo
Stadium.
The Estadio 10 de Diciembre was created for Cruz Azul until they moved to Mexico City leaving it without a team. Cruz Azul Hidalgo then started playing there. The stadium can hold 17,000 comfortably and the stands offer some good shade.
Current squad.
"For the Apertura 2013 season."

</doc>
<doc id="20437423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437423" title="Sebastian J.">
Sebastian J.

Sebastian Jacome, better known as Sebastian J., is a record producer, composer and songwriter who resides in Los Angeles, California.
Jacome's production, programming, arranging, and remixing credits include artists such as: Ines Gaviria, Ozomatli, Huecco, The Cheetah Girls, Jorge Villamizar (Bacilos), Laura Pausini, Lucho Gatica, Carlos Peña (Latin American Idol), Cristian Chavez, Anahi, Heidi Montag, Paulina Rubio, Justin Bieber, LMFAO, Gloria Trevi and Enrique Iglesias.
Jacome was one of the Engineers nominated for a Grammy Award in 2008 for the album "Don't mess with the Dragon" for Ozomatli.

</doc>
<doc id="20437459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437459" title="Dutasan">
Dutasan

Dutasan is a mountain in the city of Donghae, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20437460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437460" title="Prisoner of the Highway">
Prisoner of the Highway

"Prisoner of the Highway" is the title of a song written by Mike Reid, and recorded by American country music singer Ronnie Milsap. It was released in 1984 as the second single from the album "One More Try for Love". The song was later included on one of his compilation albums that was released in 1992; this album was entitled "Greatest Hits Vol. 3".
"Prisoner of the Highway" tells of a truck driver who is enticed, but also "imprisoned", by the highway. Yet he somehow finds freedom behind the wheel. It is rumored that a music video to the song was in post production earlier that year, but was later cancelled.
Success and reception.
The song was a major Top 10 hit on the "Billboard magazine" Hot Country Songs charts, peaking at No. 6. Although it didn't top the charts like many of Milsap's songs, it was very popular as it received heavy airplay on several major country stations. It is still played at many of his concerts today, and receives occasional airplay on the radio.
Mark Wills recorded a cover of the song, as a duet with Milsap, on Wills's 2003 album "And the Crowd Goes Wild".
Aaron Tippin recorded a cover version of the song on his 2009 truck-driving themed album "In Overdrive".

</doc>
<doc id="20437463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437463" title="Ariel Riani">
Ariel Riani

Ariel Riani (born 1926) is an Uruguayan political, law enforcement and business figure.
Background and early career.
He served as police chief of Artigas during the Presidency of Jorge Pacheco Areco. This period attracted international comment for the stringent law enforcement methods adopted by Mr. Pacheco's government.
Riani also served as 'Intendente' (political head) of Artigas Department.
He is a longstanding member of Uruguay's Colorado Party.
Mining industry interests.
Riani has been for many years identified with Uruguayan mining interests.
Political alignment with Pedro Bordaberry Herrán.
In 2008 Riani was campaigning on behalf of the 'Vamos Uruguay' grouping led by Pedro Bordaberry Herrán, within the Colorado Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20437465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437465" title="WCAR (disambiguation)">
WCAR (disambiguation)

WCAR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20437478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437478" title="Biju Mathew">
Biju Mathew

Biju Mathew is an American Marxist activist-intellectual. He is co founder and executive committee member of New York Taxi Workers Alliance and founding secretary of the National Taxi Workers Alliance. His areas of work include immigrant labor organizing, left political education, and transnational solidarity campaigns. He is an associate professor of Information Systems and American studies at Rider University (New Jersey). 
Immigrant/ Taxi Workers Organizing.
In 1998, Biju Mathew was one of the cofounders of the New York Taxi Workers Alliance (NYTWA)
(along with Bhairavi Desai, Javaid Tariq, and several others) . NYTWA is currently one of the most successful new immigrant workers unions in the US with over 17,000 members in NYC. The union primarily organizes yellow medallion lease drivers and has fought several successful campaigns including fair hike-lease cap campaigns in 2004, 2006, and 2012. Its most notable success is the building of a health and wellness fund for NYC taxi drivers in 2013-2014. In 2012 the NYTWA and its sister organization, The Taxi Workers Alliance of Pennsylvania (TWAPA) became the founding affiliates of the National Taxi Workers Alliance (NTWA) of the AFL-CIO. The NTWA is the 57th chartered union of the AFL-CIO and the first new charter in over 50 years. The creation of NTWA is a historic event and it is the first national union of independent contractor-workers. Dr Mathew’s book "Taxi! Cabs and Capitalism in NYC" (New Press 2005; Cornell University Press 2008) documents much of this experience of organizing immigrant taxi workers. He is currently a secretary for the national union (with Bhairavi Desai as president, Ronald Blount as VP, and Javaid Tariq as treasurer). In 2013, the Taxi Drivers Association of Austin (TDAA) became the third affiliate of the NTWA. NTWA continues to organize taxi drivers in several other cities in the US.
Left Political Education.
Professor Matthew has had a long record of volunteer left education work. He is most recently the co founder and chair of the executive council of Lamakaan, a left-liberal educational space in Hyderabad, India. He serves on the board of the Brecht Forum, NY. He is also the co founder of Youth Solidarity Summer, a South Asian youth education summer camp.
Transnational Solidarity Campaigns.
Professor Matthew is currently the convener of the Coalition Against Genocide (CAG), a coalition of 40 organizations dedicated to fighting for minority rights in India, especially for justice for the victims of the Gujarat carnage of 2002 that had left over 2,000 muslim minorities dead in the western state of Gujarat, India. Dr. Mathew helped found the CAG in 2005. In 2002, after the Gujarat carnage, Dr. Mathew and several others founded the Campaign to Stop Funding Hate (CSFH), which tracked over USD $6,000,000 being funneled to the hindu-supremecist movement in India (the Hindutva Movement). This work is documented in a report titled “"The Foreign Exchange of Hate"” published in late 2002. CSFH has also investigated and published a report, “"Unmistakebly Sangh"”on the hindu supremacist movement student organizations in the US. Dr. Mathew is also the co-author of “"Joined at the Hip"”, a report published by the CAG in 2013 on the new front organizationss of the hindu supremacist movement in the US. Dr. Mathew is also the cofounder of the Mining Zone Peoples Solidarity Group (MZPSG) that works on solidarity campaigns to support peoples movements against indiscriminate mining and consequent displacement in India. MZPSG currently works on a solidarity campaign for the anti-Posco campaign in India. Its report, XXX, documents the inconsistencies in the claims of posco india, the government of India, and the government of Orisa, in justifying the USD $12 000 000 Posco-India project. Dr. Mathew also serves on the board of the Singh Foundation NY and is the co-host and producer of Global Movements/Urban Struggles on wpai99.5fm, a NYC based community radio station. 

</doc>
<doc id="20437501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437501" title="2009 NAB Cup">
2009 NAB Cup

The 2009 NAB Cup is the Australian Football League pre-season competition that was played before the Australian Football League's 2009 Premiership season begins. It culminated with the Final on 13 March 2009 played between Geelong and Collingwood and was won by Geelong. The Final was originally scheduled for 14 March 2009 but was moved by the AFL so that the match did not clash with the Sound Relief benefit concert for the Victorian bushfires.

</doc>
<doc id="20437517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437517" title="University of Texas Elementary School">
University of Texas Elementary School

University of Texas Elementary School is a state charter primary school located at 2200 East 6th Street in Austin, Texas, United States. The school is affiliated with the University of Texas at Austin.
By 2002 the school proposal caused friction between the University of Texas at Austin and the Austin Independent School District. Sharon Jayson of the "Austin American-Statesman" predicted that the charter school, which would become the 17th charter school in central Texas and would serve a area, would take students from one third of Austin ISD's campuses and two of Del Valle Independent School District's six schools. The school opened in August 2003. In fall 2006 the school added the fourth grade, with the fifth grade added the following year.
School uniform.
UT Elementary school has a mandatory school uniform policy for its students. Students may wear collared shirts colored white and burnt orange and khaki trousers, shorts, and skirts.

</doc>
<doc id="20437521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437521" title="José Antonio Gómez">
José Antonio Gómez

José Antonio Gómez Urrutia (born December 18, 1953) is a Chilean lawyer, Social Democrat Radical Party politician, and a former Minister of Justice. He is currently a senator and president of his party.
Carrera política.
Subsecretario y ministro.
Se integró al Partido Radical en la década de los ochenta, e inició sus actividades políticas como candidato a alcalde de Las Condes en 1991, logrando un 4,31% de los votos. Luego de esa elección ejerció como concejal hasta 1994.
En 1995 se desempeñó como asesor de la ministra de Justicia Soledad Alvear en materias penitenciarias y un año después fue designado subsecretario de Justicia por el Presidente Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle, que pronto le ascendió a ministro (1999), siendo confirmado en el cargo por el nuevo Mandatario, Ricardo Lagos, en 2000.
Su principal tarea fue iniciar la implementación de la Reforma Procesal Penal a lo largo del país, que se inició el 16 de diciembre de 2000 en las regiones IV y IX.
Durante su ministerio también se dio marcha a la Ley de Cultos, que consagra la igualdad de las diferentes religiones, se abolió la pena de muerte y se dieron grandes pasos en el camino para la aprobación final de la nueva Ley de Matrimonio Civil, que incluía el divorcio.
También representó al gobierno chileno en la Conferencia Diplomática de las Naciones Unidas para el Establecimiento de un Tribunal Penal Internacional, en Roma; y en la Comisión de Prevención de Delito y Justicia Penal de las Naciones Unidas, en Austria.
En el Senado.
Dejó el cargo en marzo de 2003, dedicándose desde entonces fundamentalmente a fortalecer su colectividad, de la que sería elegido presidente en la elección interna de 2005. También participó como miembro de la Comisión Nacional sobre Prisión Política y Tortura. 
Se presentó como candidato a senador por la II Región de Antofagasta, obteniendo la más alta mayoría regional con el 40,15% de los votos, asumiendo su sillón parlamentario el 11 de marzo de 2006.
Actualmente preside la Comisión Coordinadora de la Reforma Procesal Penal y el Consejo de la Academia Judicial.
Es miembro del Consejo Nacional para el Control de Estupefacientes (Conace) y ha integrado las Comisiones de Nuevas Tecnologías de la Información y la de Seguridad Ciudadana.
Además es presidente en el Senado de la Comisión de Constitución, Legislación, Justicia y Reglamento.
El PRSD, en el Consejo General del 9 y 10 de septiembre de 2006 realizado en Santiago, lo proclamó por unanimidad como precandidato presidencial, para la próxima elección y a lo menos competir en las eventuales primarias de la Concertación, o en la primera vuelta si los acontecimientos políticos lo ameritan.

</doc>
<doc id="20437522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437522" title="Duwibong">
Duwibong

Duwibong is a mountain in the counties of Jeongseon and Yeongwol, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20437551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437551" title="Sabine Island (Nunavut)">
Sabine Island (Nunavut)

Sabine Island is an uninhabited island located in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region within the northern Canadian Arctic. It is in eastern Gulf of Boothia's Committee Bay, south of Wales Island and west of the mainland's Melville Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="20437610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437610" title="2006 Newcastle Knights season">
2006 Newcastle Knights season

The 2006 Newcastle Knights season was the 19th in the club's history. They competed in the NRL's 2006 Telstra Premiership and finished the regular season 4th (out of 15), reaching the semi-finals only to be knocked out by eventual premiers, the Brisbane Broncos.
Season summary.
The 2006 season was dominated early by news that coaches Michael Hagan and Brian Smith, who were coaching the Knights and the Parramatta Eels respectively at the time, were to swap clubs from the 2007 season onwards. Coincidentally, this news also dominated prior to their round one meeting in Newcastle, which the Knights won 25-6 (exacting revenge following Parramatta's 50-0 win last year).
On the field, the season was a massive improvement from the 2005 season which netted just eight wins. The Knights were unbeaten after round three and were early-season joint competition leaders with North Queensland and Penrith. Following a hiccup in round four against the New Zealand Warriors, the Knights headed down to Wollongong and thrashed the St. George Illawarra Dragons 54-6; therefore exacting revenge following the Dragons' 48-2 win in 2004 (the first match for Newcastle since Andrew Johns suffered a season-ending knee injury that year). Then came the much anticipated, top-of-the-ladder showdown against the Cowboys pitting Johns against 2005 Dally M Medallist Johnathan Thurston. Unfortuately, Newcastle lost by just 18-16, and Johns was injured yet again. His absence was evident in Newcastle's 52-6 hammering in Melbourne the following week, but wins followed over the South Sydney Rabbitohs and Brisbane Broncos, putting Newcastle's season back on track. The win over the Broncos was achieved two days after Lockyer and Johns played as Australia's halves pairing for the final time.
During the State of Origin period Newcastle suffered a form slump; losing seven of eight matches with a bye sandwiched in between. However, unlike previous years when Michael Hagan was unavailable due to his Queensland Origin commitments, he was fully in charge of the Newcastle team during this period.
Andrew Johns broke the NRL all-time pointscoring record (since broken again by Hazem El Masri) previously held by Jason Taylor, against the Parramatta Eels at Parramatta Stadium in round 18. Coincidentally, Taylor was the Eels relieving coach at the time; but at the conclusion of the match Johns ignored Taylor and the match ball as a commemoration; the possibility being the nature of Newcastle's 46-12 defeat.
Newcastle finished fourth at the end of the regular season, an 11-place improvement from the previous season. They were drawn a home final against the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles whom the Knights defeated in the famous 1997 ARL Grand Final nine years earlier. Despite trailing 18-6 at halftime, the Knights won its first final since their 2001 Grand Final victory by winning 25-18, but the win came at a cost with hooker Danny Buderus suspended for a spear tackle on Manly winger Michael Robertson, ruling him out of Newcastle's following final against the Brisbane Broncos in what was the last ever Johns vs. Lockyer showdown. The Knights lost 50-6, ending Newcastle's season of improvement.
Overall, Newcastle defeated every team in the top eight except for the first-placed Melbourne Storm.

</doc>
<doc id="20437622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437622" title="Capillaria hepatica">
Capillaria hepatica

Capillaria hepatica is a parasitic nematode which causes hepatic capillariasis in rodents and numerous other mammal species, including humans. The life cycle of "C. hepatica" may be completed in a single host species. However, the eggs, which are laid in the liver, must mature outside of the host body (in the environment) prior to infecting a new host. So the death of the host in which the adults reach sexual maturity, either by being eaten or dying and decomposing, is necessary for completion of the life cycle.
Discovery and taxonomy.
This species was first described in 1893, from specimens found in the liver of "Rattus norvegicus", and named "Trichocephalus hepaticus". Various authors have subsequently renamed it "Trichosoma hepaticum", "Capillaria hepatica", "Hepaticola hepatica" and "Calodium hepaticum". Currently it is usually referred to as either "Capillaria hepatica" or, less often, "Calodium hepaticum".
Hosts and distribution.
This parasite is Monoxenous, requiring only one host to complete its life cycle. Adults are often found in dozens of rodent species, but also occur in a wide variety of other wild and domestic mammals, and occasionally humans. "C. hepatica" has been found in temperate and tropical zones on every continent, with the exception of Australia, and infestation rates of wild-caught rats of up to 100% have been reported. 
Usually, "Capillaria hepatica" is found in rodents, monkeys and other animals. "Capillaria hepatica" is rarely found in humans and at least 40 cases have been reported. There are no endemic areas of infection with "C. hepatica" and human infection primarily results from Zoonotic transmission. 
Of the human infections, most have been found in children.
Tissue Niche and Morphology.
The tissue niche of this parasite is the liver. The adult females will deposit eggs in the Parenchyma of the liver. Occasionally in humans larvae will migrate to the lungs, kidneys and other organs.
Adult worms take the shape of a slender nematode, with the anterior part of the body narrow and the posterior part gradually swelling. The females measure about 53-78mm x 0.11-0.20mm, but the males are approximately 24-37mm x 0.07-0.10mm. The adult worms are rarely seen intact, as they mature and die in the Parenchyma of the liver. The adult females lay eggs that are about 48-66μm x 28-36μm. The shell of the eggs is striated with shallow polar prominences at either end. Numerous mini-pores can be seen in the outer shell as well. Unembryonated eggs may be ingested by a carnivore, in which case they are harmless and pass out in the feces. Eggs will embryonate in the environment, where they require air and damp soil to become infective. Under optimal conditions this takes about 30 days. Larvae are juvenile versions of the adult worm.
Life cycle.
Hosts ingest "C. hepatica" eggs (from sources outlined below) which hatch into first stage larvae (L1). The L1 larvae bore through the intestinal wall and are carried to the liver by the hepatic portal vein. Development from the L1 stage to sexually mature adults occurs in the liver within 18–21 days. Eggs are laid in the liver parenchyma of the host throughout the adult worm's life span, which lasts for about 30–40 days. Up to 938,000 eggs have been reported from the liver of a single rodent host.
The eggs in the liver exist in a state of arrested developmentthey are unable to develop into larvae until they spend some time outside of the host, in the environment. Escaping from the liver tissue may be accomplished either by the death and decomposition of the host's body, or by the consumption and digestion of the host by a predator or scavenger. If the host is eaten, the eggs will pass into the environment in the feces of the predator or scavenger. In the environment, eggs require 4–5 weeks to develop, and may remain viable in a dormant state for several more months. Once these "environmentally-conditioned" eggs are eaten by a suitable host, the first stage larvae (L1) hatch in the intestine and continue the life cycle. Humans are usually infected after ingesting embryonated eggs in fecal-contaminated food, water, or soil.
Pathogenesis and Survival in Host.
In humans "C. hepatica" causes Hepatic capillariasis, a serious liver disorder. The Nematode wanders through the host liver causing loss of liver cells and thereby loss of function. However, as the adult "C. hepatica" begin to die in the liver tissue, their decomposition accelerates the immune response of the host. This response leads to chronic inflammation and Encapsulation of the dead worms in collagen fibers, and eventually to septal fibrosis (abnormal connective tissue growth) and cirrhosis of the liver. This leaves the eggs behind and they can become encased by Granulomatous tissue, with large sections of the Parenchyma becoming replaced by these egg masses. "Capillaria hepatica" can also cause Hepatomegaly. Infections of C. hepatica can present with several clinical symptoms including, abdominal pain in the liver area, weight loss, decreased appetite, fever and chills, hepatitis (liver inflammation), ascites (excess fluid in the peritoneal cavity) and hepatolithiasis (gallstones in the bile ducts).
This parasite can be fatal in humans, as transmission and survival of the parasite depend on death of the Definitive host in order for the eggs to reach soil and water to embryonate.
Diagnosis and treatment.
Diagnosis is made by finding eggs or adults of "C. hepatica" in liver tissue from biopsy or Necropsy samples. The encapsulated eggs and adults may appear as white nodules which measure 2–3mm in diameter on the surface and interior of the liver at autopsy. Key identification features of this parasite are a striated shell and shallow polar prominences of the egg and a narrowing at anterior end and gradual swelling at posterior end of the adult worm. Identification of C. hepatica eggs in the stool does not result from infection of the human host, but from ingestion by that host of livers from infected animals, the eggs will then pass out harmlessly in the feces. Most cases have been determined after death because clinical symptoms resemble those of numerous liver disorders.
The drug of choice for treating "Capillaria hepatica" is Mebendazole, with Albendazole as an alternative. Successful treatment of human cases with thiabendazole or albendazole (with or without corticosteroids) have been reported. Albendazole must be taken with food because a fatty meal will increase the Bioavailability of the drug.
Two ways of preventing "C. hepatica" infections is humans would be to institute effective rodent control programs and preventing dogs and cats from eating rodents.
Research uses.
The selective liver damage by "C. hepatica" in rodents has been used in model systems to study the extensive regeneration capabilities of the mammalian liver, and for testing antifibrotic drugs.
In Australia, several releases of "Capillaria hepatica" eggs in the field have been unable to control rapidly expanding populations of mice.

</doc>
<doc id="20437627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437627" title="Peter Robinson (cricketer)">
Peter Robinson (cricketer)

Peter James Robinson (born 9 February 1943) is a former English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Worcestershire and Somerset during the 1960s and 1970s; he also played List A cricket for Somerset, who capped him in 1966. He is the nephew of England Test cricketer Roly Jenkins.
Robinson was playing for Worcestershire's Second XI at the age of 17, and in August 1960 he took 5/7 against Lancashire II, including four wickets in five balls.
However, his first-class debut had to wait another three years, until Worcestershire faced the Pakistan Eaglets in June 1963. Robinson took three wickets, accounting for Intikhab Alam in both innings.
He played three more first-class games that season, without any great success.
In 1964 Robinson played just once, and that against Cambridge University,
and he left to join Somerset for the 1965 season.
The contrast was immediate: Robinson was a first-team player at once, and remained so for some years. He made his Somerset debut (also his List A debut) in a Gillette Cup match against Berkshire in April, ending with figures of 3.5–2–2–2.
In the first-class game, he claimed 44 wickets at 23.54, including 6/105 against Yorkshire late in the summer. In a low-scoring match, he gave a hint as to his future batting ability by scoring 37 from number ten in the order, helping to add 54 for the ninth wicket after Somerset had fallen to 66/8.
From 1966 to 1970, Robinson played more than 20 first-class matches each year, and in 1969 and 1970 especially was also an important part of the county's one-day squad. He improved his batting considerably, and in 1970 passed a thousand first-class runs in a season for the only time, finishing with 1,158 at 26.93; he had also come close to the mark in 1967, when he scored 917 runs.
Of the three first-class centuries he made in his career, the highest was the 140 he struck against Northamptonshire in late May 1970.
With the ball, Robinson's most productive summer was that of 1966, when he finished with 70 first-class wickets at 21.41, including five five-wicket bags and his solitary ten-wicket match haul.
The latter came against Surrey in early June, when his returns of 7/48 and 4/39 proved enough to assist Somerset to a two-wicket victory.
A few weeks earlier, he had recorded his best "innings" figures, running through Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge with a remarkable second-innings return of 17.2–14–10–7 as they collapsed from 37/0 to 62 all out.
The closest he got to having his averages "the right way round" for an all-rounder was in 1967, when he averaged 26.20 with the bat and 27.90 with the ball.
After 1970 Robinson's career began to decline. He did score one final century, hitting 112 against Glamorgan in August 1971,
but he never again played a full season. His bowling reduced to almost nothing: from 1971 onward, he never took more than three first-class wickets over the course of a summer. His last first-class game was in 1977 against Gloucestershire; in this match he claimed his final wicket, that of David Graveney.
Robinson's final List A match came the following June against Sussex.
At the age of 34, his career in major cricket was over, although he continued to turn out for Somerset's Second XI into his early fifties, captaining that side on a considerable number of occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="20437628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437628" title="2008 South Africa Sevens">
2008 South Africa Sevens

The Emirates Airlines South Africa Sevens is played annually as part of the IRB Sevens World Series for international rugby sevens (seven-a-side version of rugby union). The 2008 competition, took place on 5 December and 6 December at Outeniqua Park in George, Western Cape, it was the second Cup trophy in the 2008-09 IRB Sevens World Series.

</doc>
<doc id="20437645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437645" title="ABC's Wide World of Entertainment">
ABC's Wide World of Entertainment

"ABC's Wide World of Entertainment" is a late night block of programs created by the American Broadcasting Company. It premiered on January 8, 1973 and ended three years later.
Program schedule.
Unable to find a single talk show to compete with NBC's highly successful "Tonight Show", the network aired a collection of comedy specials, documentaries, mystery movies, music concerts and talk shows with a variety of hosts. Included in the broadcasts were "The Dick Cavett Show", "Jack Paar Tonight", "Good Night America" (with Geraldo Rivera), the live concert series "In Concert" and "Comedy News" (with Robert Klein, Mort Sahl and Dick Gregory). Initially, Paar, Cavett, comedy specials and mystery movies were each given one week per month. Two nights of music concerts completed the monthly schedule.
Monty Python broadcast.
"Monty Python's Flying Circus", the British comedy sketch television series, taped its last episode in December 1974 and was syndicated to American public television stations soon after. On October 3, 1975, ABC aired the first of two edited compilations of sketches from the series as one of its "Wide World of Entertainment" comedy specials. The Python group represented by Terry Gilliam, the group's only American-born member, sued ABC for copyright infringement.
ABC Late Night.
The comedy and variety specials proved to be unpopular and, along with most of the talk shows, were dropped by the summer of 1974. They were replaced with reruns of television movies and the programming block was retitled "ABC Late Night" on January 12, 1976. In addition to movies (which were seen under the "Tuesday Movie of the Week" banner), the network aired a variety of prime-time series reruns including "Police Woman", "Mannix", "Starsky and Hutch", "Soap", "Barney Miller" and "Fantasy Island". "ABC Late Night" ended on October 21, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20437660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437660" title="Glen Island">
Glen Island

Glen Island is an island in Nunavut, Canada. It is located in the Qikiqtaaluk Region's side of the Gulf of Boothia within Committee Bay. It is northeast of Wales Island and west of the mainland's Melville Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="20437680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437680" title="Korolyov RP-318">
Korolyov RP-318

The Korolyov RP-318 or RP318-1 was Russia's first rocket-powered aircraft, built in 1936. 
Built in 1936 by Sergei Korolev as an adaptation of his SK-9 glider, it was originally to have been used to flight test an early rocket engine designed by Glushko. When both Korolev and Glushko were arrested and sent to the Gulag in 1938, development of the RP-318 was continued by others, culminating in the first powered flight on Feb. 28, 1940. Test pilot V. P. Fedorov was towed to 2,600 m and cast off at 80 km/h before firing the rocket engine and accelerating the aircraft to 140 m/s andan altitude of 2,900 m. In all, the RP-318 flew nine times before World War II ended the work. 

</doc>
<doc id="20437682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437682" title="Eddie Gazo">
Eddie Gazo

Eddie Gazo (born 1950-09-12 in San Lorenzo, Nicaragua) is a former professional boxer in the super welterweight (154 lb) division.
Pro career.
Gazo turned pro in 1971, and captured the WBA light middleweight title in 1977 with a decision win over Miguel Angel Castellini. That year he was named The Ring magazine Progress of the Year fighter. He defended the belt three times before losing it to Masashi Kudo the following year. He retired in 1984 following a string of losses that concluded with a defeat to Julian Jackson.

</doc>
<doc id="20437689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437689" title="DGF Flensborg">
DGF Flensborg

The DGF Flensborg is a German association football club from the city of Flensburg, Schleswig-Holstein.
"DGF" is the largest of the clubs of the Danish minority in northern Germany. Apart from offering association football, it also has an American football department, as well as boxing, baseball, badminton, handball and inline hockey departments. 
History.
Danish minority.
The Danish minority in Schleswig-Holstein is currently (2008) considered to consist of about 50,000 people. The Danish government supports the minority financially, (400,000,000 Danish krone in 2004). Since the "Bonn-Kopenhagener-Declarations" in 1955, the Danish minority enjoys special rights equivalent to the special rights the German minority in Denmark enjoys.
Club.
The club was formed in 1923 as a gymnastics association by the city's Danish minority, as indicated by its Danish language name and the use of the Danish Flensborg rather than the German Flensburg. In 1926, "DGF" took up football, playing games at the "Tivoliplatz". In the following years, the club expanded its number of departments but from 1933, with the rise of the Nazis to power, found itself more and more restricted. From 1937, the club's activities almost ceased altogether due to attempts by Nazis to "Germanise" the Danish minority.
Upon the return of its members following the Second World War, "DFG" resumed its activities in 1947. In 1948, some club members left "DGF" to form another ethnically-Danish club, the "IF Stjernen Flensborg". "DGF" was granted the use of "Frueskovens Idrætspark" as its home ground by the city of Flensburg. In 1951, an agreement was reached with the German football federation of Schleswig-Holstein and its clubs, granting Danish minority clubs the same rights and duties as their German counterparts, the "Sportfrieden von Malente" (English: "Sports peace of Malente").
Through the support of Danish Football Association, part of the gate receipts from a Denmark national football team versus Norway national football team international were made available to the club and "DGF" was able to buy "Frueskovens Idrætspark". The club had to use old military tents as its change rooms. By joining the Schleswig-Holstein Football Federation they were finally permitted to take part in competitive football.
In 1957, "DGF" built its own club house and in 1967 the facility was expanded through the addition of change rooms and showers. However, in 1974, the club had to transfer "Frueskovens Idrætspark" back to the city of Flensburg as they were unable to afford necessary major upgrades. 
For its 75th anniversary in 1998, the club attracted "Brøndby IF" for a friendly. In 2001, "Frueskovens Idrætspark" once more changed ownership when it was acquired by the "Sydslesvigs danske Ungdomsforeninger", a community based Danish organization.
On the field.
"DGF" entered the Bezirksklasse Nord Schleswig-Holstein (III) in 1951 but could not hold their place. They returend to the Bezirksliga in 1959, and then in 1964 earned promotion to the Amateurliga Schleswig-Holstein, the local third division. They played two season there before being relegated to the "2nd Amateurliga Schleswig-Holstein Nord" (IV) in 1966. While winning its league in 1966–67, they missed being promoted and after a 6th place result the next season failed to qualify for the new "Verbandsliga Nord" (IV), slipping down to fifth tier "Bezirksliga Nord".
Winning another championship in this league in 1968–69, the team gained promotion to the tier four "Verbandsliga", where, after a difficult first season, it won the league in 1970–71 and returned to third division football. Coming second-last in the "Landesliga" in 1972, it was relegated back down straight away. "DGF" continued in the "Verbandsliga" as a lower table side, earning a fifth place in 1978–79 as its best result. In 1978, the "Verbandsliga" was renamed "Landesliga" and had become a tier five league since 1974, when the "Oberliga Nord" was reformed. In 1980, the club was relegated once more.
In the "Bezirksliga Nord", "DGF" became a struggler against relegation, finishing one spot above it in each of its first three seasons there and improving from then on. After a couple of seasons in mid-table, the team was relegated further down in 1988 but returned immediately the year after. Mid to lower table finishes remained all the club could archive until a league championship in 1996 meant promotion once more.
Back in the "Landesliga" (V) the club finished in mid-table once more in the next three seasons until another league reorganisation meant it became part of the new "Bezirksoberliga Nord". After dropping down a level in 2005 and returning in 2007, a tenth place finish in 2008 in the "Bezirksoberliga" was enough for the club to qualify for the new "Verbandsliga Schleswig-Holstein-Nord-West" in another league restructuring.
In the 2008–09 season, "DGF" struggled in the "Verbandsliga Schleswig-Holstein-Nord-West" (VI), eventually finding itself relegated to the Kreisliga Flensburg. In this league the club came close to promotion in 2010 and 2011 when it finished second on both occasions.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="20437726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437726" title="Data discrimination">
Data discrimination

Data discrimination is the selective filtering of information by a service provider. This has been a new issue in the recent debate over net neutrality. Accordingly one should consider net neutrality in terms of a dichotomy between types of discrimination that make economic sense and will not harm consumers and those that constitute unfair trade practices and other types of anticompetitive practices. Non-discrimination mandates that one class of customers may not be favored over another so the network that is built is the same for everyone, and everyone can access it.
Net neutrality.
The principle of equal treatment of traffic, called "Net Neutrality" by proponents, is not enshrined in law but supported by some regulations. Most of the debate around the issue has centered on tentative plans, now postponed, by large Internet carriers to offer preferential treatment of traffic from certain content providers for a fee. Network neutrality is a set of rules that forbid network owners from discriminating against independent applications (instead of against competing ISPs, as with open access).
Internet censorship.
The concept of freedom of information has emerged in response to state sponsored censorship, monitoring and surveillance of the Internet. Internet censorship includes the control or suppression of the publishing or accessing of information on the Internet. Data discrimination may also occur on a national level to censor of political, 'immoral' or religious material content.
For example, China and Saudi Arabia both filter content on the Internet, preventing access to certain types of websites. Singapore has network blocks on more than 100 sites. In Britain, telecommunication companies block access to websites that depict sexually explicit images of children. In the United Arab Emirates as of 2006, Skype was being blocked. In Norway, some ISPs use a voluntary filter to censor websites that the police (Kripos) believe to contain images of abuse of children. Germany also blocks foreign sites for copyright and other reasons. In the U.S., public institutions (e.g. libraries and schools), by law, block material that is related to the exploitation of children, and 'obscene and pornographic' material, unless they do not receive funding. The network filters also block sites and material relating to women’s health, gay and lesbian rights groups, and sexual
education for teenagers.
FTC study.
In June 2007 the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) published "Broadband Connectivity Competition Policy" which suggested that it may be beneficial to consumers if broadband providers would pursue a variety of business arrangements, including data prioritization, exclusive deals, and vertical integration into online content and applications. The report also suggests that government should move cautiously in implementing any changes to current regulations.
Proposed Exceptions To Network Neutrality Legislation.
Narrow Exception.
A network provider may not discriminate against traffic, applications, or protocols. A network provider would be limited to offering trust-related services, such as spam filtering or virus protection, so long as the individual users may opt out of them.
Medium Exception.
A network provider may discriminate against content, applications or protocols to protect the network, but it may not take into account any affiliation (or lack thereof) with a content, application, or protocol provider when deciding whether to discriminate.
Broad Exception.
A network provider may discriminate against content, applications, or protocols, so long as it does so to protect the network.
Legal situation.
In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission does not permit data discrimination except for "reasonable traffic management."
The Federal Communication Commission defines reasonable traffic management as follows:
A network management practice is reasonable if it is appropriate and tailored to achieving a legitimate network management purpose, taking into account the particular network architecture and technology of the broadband Internet access service.
It is considered unreasonable for internet service providers to manage traffic by blocking applications or assigning quality of service based on source, destination, or unreasonable application provider payment. Regardless, there are currently no laws prohibiting internet service providers from offering different service plans that may restrict consumers' access to selected material.
Advantages.
While the basic principle of data discrimination is censorship, those in favor of this practice claim that there are benefits. The ISPs are a business, and as such, “…correctly state that external, non-market driven constraints on their ability to price discriminate can adversely impact their incentive to invest in broadband infrastructure and their ability to recoup that investment.” There are times when it could make sense, in the eyes of the ISPs, to give preference to one type of content over another. For example, loading a plain text and image website is not nearly as strenuous as loading sites such as Hulu and YouTube. Frieden states that, “Some Internet Service Providers (ISPs) seek to diversify the Internet by prioritizing bitstreams and by offering different quality of service guarantees. To some observers, this strategy constitutes harmful discrimination that violates a tradition of network neutrality in the switching, routing and transmission of Internet traffic.” While the QoS argument is that network neutrality rules make allowances for network owners to practice some types of discrimination to protect the functioning of the network.
Disadvantages to Data Discrimination.
Those that oppose data discrimination say that it hurts the growth of the Internet, as well as the economy that is rooted into the depths of the Internet model. “Instead of promoting competition, such picking of winners and losers will stifle the investment needed to perpetuate the Internet's phenomenal growth, hurting the economy.“
If, for example, telecommunication network operators blocked data 
packets of Voice-over-IP services that might substitute their own telephone services, this would not only discriminate against speciﬁc ﬁrms, but also reduce competition and economic welfare. Technically, this would not be a problem. Although data packets are homogeneous with respect to switching and transmission treatment, type, source, and destination can be revealed and data packets be handled differently if a network operator prefers to do so. 
Another problem is that the type of data that is given preferential treatment is up to the discretion of the ISP. This allows them to move data as they see fit, whether it be through a political, moral, any other such kind of "lens". This goes against the first amendment, the freedom of speech because by stopping certain kinds of information from reaching the end user, they are censoring content. It is not the place of the ISP to censor content from the people.
The real threat to an open Internet is at the local network (the ends), where
network owners can block information coming in from the inter-network, but it also is
at the local network where the most harm can occur. Because of this, network
neutrality rules allow some discrimination by the local network to protect itself,
though it may not be based on content or type of application. For example, network
owners want to protect their networks from being damaged. So, some discrimination is
allowed to "prevent physical harm to the local Broadband Network caused by any
network attachment or network usage." This means that local network operators may
not control which types of applications users choose to employ, what type of devices
users use to access the network, or which type of legal content users choose to convey or consume. The only allowable restrictions are on applications that cause harm to the local network.
Proponents of network neutrality concede that network security is crucial enough to warrant making exception to a network neutrality rule. Allowing network providers to deviate from neutrality only to the extent necessary to protect network trustworthiness is rooted in judicial and regulatory decisions and administrative rules that helped establish the principle of nondiscrimination as the core of network neutrality.
Sen. Al Franken has spoken out on FCC rulings “calling net neutrality the 'free speech issue of our time,'” Franken (D-MN) expressed his displeasure with the FCC’s recent net neutrality rules. ‘These rules are not strong enough,' he said, pointing out that paid prioritization was not banned and that wireless networks are allowed to discriminate at will. The rules mark the ‘first time the FCC has ever allowed discrimination on the Internet’ and they ‘will create essentially two Internets.’
Instances of data discrimination.
Worldwide, the BitTorrent application is widely given reduced bandwidth or even in some cases blocked entirely. Worldwide, under heavy attack from spam e-mail, many e-mail servers no longer accept connections except from white-listed hosts. While few care about the rights of spammers, this means that legitimate hosts not on the list are often blocked.
Save The Internet, an advocacy organization led by Free Press, is documenting situations in which ISPs have engaged in data disrimination.

</doc>
<doc id="20437729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437729" title="The Candy Twins">
The Candy Twins

The Candy Twins are an English indie pop band, who cite influences from a wide range of artists, including Neil Young, Orange Juice and The Wedding Present.
Their notable songs include a tribute to Edwyn Collins, after Collins' serious illness and subsequent return to performing in 2007, and a celebration of 80's Hull City football hero Billy Whitehurst.
In December 2010 the band announced on their Myspace page they were on an indefinite hiatus, with frontman David Young starting a new indiepop project with bassist Mat Durrance and Swedish singer Maria Caroli.
Their 2008 self-released EP "Dance Me to Heaven" contained the track "A Younger Crowd" which gained recognition when it was reviewed by "The Sun" as one of their "Hot Tracks of the Week" with a 4/5 rating.
The band appeared at the Indietracks Festival in Butterley, Derbyshire in July 2008. The Candy Twins released "Sad Glad Songs", a 4-track CD-R, on Lostmusic Records in February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20437732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437732" title="Albert Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Albert Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Albert Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 61.

</doc>
<doc id="20437740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437740" title="Riverview Rural High School">
Riverview Rural High School

Riverview Rural High School is a secondary school located in Coxheath, Nova Scotia, Canada, a suburb of Sydney, Nova Scotia. It is attended by approximately 1000 students in grades 10 to 12. The school falls under the jurisdiction of the Cape Breton – Victoria Regional School Board, and is one of the two main high schools in the region, along with Sydney Academy.
History.
First opening in August 1950, Riverview Rural High School was built on the former site of the Keefe farm in Coxheath, and overlooks Sydney River, from which its name is derived. The annex was added in 1951-52 to deal with a serious overcrowding problem. The business building was added in 1969 and the gymnasium and science labs were constructed in the 1980s. A new entrance was completed in 2007, with additional plans for a new library, computer labs, art room, and science labs in the coming years.
Riverview's first principal was H.H. Wetmore, and its longest serving principal was Robert MacKenzie, who served as principal for 30 years. Riverview offers French Immersion Certificates, Advance Certificate Programs, university preparatory, honours level courses, business and high school graduation courses.
The high school's annex building was demolished in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20437758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437758" title="Alfred Bernhart">
Alfred Bernhart

Professor Alfred P. Bernhart (1914–2008) was an Austrian-born Canadian urbanist, writer and engineer. Ever concerned for the well being of the planet, Bernhart developed three key theories. They are his theories on Evapotranspiration, Societal Values and Metropolis 2025. In 1976 he concentrated his efforts to improving peoples’ quality of life in its entirety rather than in customary compartmentalization. For example, “use” of the fertilizing power of effluent water for the growth of valuable vegetation, rather than mere “disposal” as damage control.
Career.
Bernhart earned his Diplom-Ingenieur in 1936 and Doctor of Science in 1950 from the Technical University of Gratz. He then emigrated to Canada in 1951 as an environmental engineer for Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation. In 1954 he started his own consulting firm which he maintained in Toronto until 2008. He was on the Engineering Professorial Staff, University of Toronto (1959 to 1976), and a consultant for environmental problems (1954 to 2008) on 150 projects in 22 countries. Invited by colleagues and former students to speak to their universities, he went on a lecture tour to the Orient in 1968.
Recognition.
For the presentation of his theory of seven dimensions, he earned the Medal of Honor, 1966, University of Geneva, Italy and the Heinemann Prize 1969, Universities of Braunschweig and Hanover, Germany, which included nomination for the Nobel prize.
Major works.
Our Values: Past, Present, Future,.
Bernhart’s 2008 book "Our Values: Past, Present, Future" is dedicated to enlightened people who accept the emerging constellations of values – and act accordingly. It describes his seven dimensions. of human perceptions and abilities and how each generates a group of value judgments. The seven dimensions explained:
1) Human reaction to Distance
The first dimension: length, is perceived as distance between two points, objects or people. Distance is of declining value due to the advancement of communication technology
2) Human response to Area
In the second dimension: width combines with length to create area. This is important to sustain life. Bernhart sees area too as having a declining value due to the growing desire for togetherness.
3) Human perception of Height
Height is an important tool to accommodate many people while maintaining their need for close interactions.
4) Human experience of Time
We evaluate time as being passed enjoyably, unpleasantly that its passing is stimulating or boring. This is distinctly different from time’s cosmic aspects by which the fourth dimension drives the cosmos.
5) Human enjoyment of Life
The value of the quality of life, guided by the intellectual aspect of the fifth dimension, - will lead to a steady, no longer explosive increase in global population and all will enjoy a satisfactory life.
6) Human desire for Togetherness
Values of sharing will form the credo of the emerging society, and will bring mankind a unified language as well as an all-encompassing spiritual concept.
7) Human fulfillment by Creative Thinking
Prerogative of humanity, the supreme gift of creative thinking, through which humanity achieved its superior position among living beings,- drives the satisfying expansion of knowledge, with its simultaneous refinement of value judgments.
Evapotranspiration.
Tying into Alfred Bernhart’s seven dimensions of human perceptions and abilities the change in values leads to changes in views on the disposal of waste water to views on the use of effluent water and its nutrients.
Evapotranspiration of effluent water combined with uptake of oxidized nutrient substances is the best method of “use” (not disposal) of organically polluted effluents because the method adheres best to the cycle of nature. In this cycle, human and animal excreta, as well as other organic materials, become nutrients for vegetation after microbial decomposition and oxidation. The resulting plant biomass produced by photosynthesis and stimulated by solar energy is, or should be, food for humans and animals.
Metropolis.
Alfred Bernhart’s unfinished (2008) work "Metropolis" is based on seven dimensions of human perception. With the emergence of a “SHARING” society, replacing the fading industrial society a new value constellation evolves, which brings values arising from the sixth dimension of human conception: community in TOGETHERNESS to steeply rising guiding influence. The concepts of urban forms, - from the beginning responding to the power of the togetherness dimension, - result as multidimensional, intensely interactive metropolis.
Speaking Engagements.
Bernhart has presented his theories around the world, including:
Metropolis 2025 an idealized plan for a metropolis of 25 million people.
New York, USA, 1967
City Planning Institute: Urban development of the Future.
Seven Dimensions of Human Perception and the values arising from them, leading into the spiritual realm.
Kyoto,Japan, 1968
University seminar:
The complete cycle of biological growth and decay, including fossil fuel burning.
Stockholm, Sweden, 1972
Global Conference on Environmental Balance:
Spaces of Sacrality referring to values of community versus values of area.
Jerusalem, Israel, 1973
Conference on Religion and Environment.
Human Creativity as it affects prediction of the Future.
Toronto, Canada, 1980
Global Congress of the Future Institute
The new Value of Sharing in this case of water, for peaceful cooperation of the Nations in North Africa
Rabat, Morocco, 1991
Annual Conference of the International Water Institute

</doc>
<doc id="20437762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437762" title="Arne Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Arne Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Arne Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 51.

</doc>
<doc id="20437763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437763" title="Antonio Milošoski">
Antonio Milošoski

Antonio Milošoski (born January 29, 1976 in Tetovo, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, now Republic of Macedonia) is a Macedonian politician and was minister of foreign affairs of the Republic of Macedonia 2006-2011.
In 1999, Milošoski graduated from the Faculty of Law of Ss. Cyril and Methodius University of Skopje. In 2002, he did his postgraduate studies at the University of Bonn, Germany, and received his Master on European Integration. He became foreign minister on 28 August 2006 (replacing Ilinka Mitreva) and commands four foreign languages - Albanian, English, German and Serbian.
He serves as the Head of the OSCE/ODIHR Election Observation Mission for Belarus.

</doc>
<doc id="20437795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437795" title="California State Legislature, 2009–10 session">
California State Legislature, 2009–10 session

The 2009–2010 session was a meeting of the California State Legislature.
Dates of sessions.
Convene: December 1, 2008
Adjourn: November 30, 2010
Members.
Officers.
"Note: The Secretary and the Sergeant at Arms are not Members of the Legislature"
Officers.
"Note: The Chief Clerk and the Sergeant at Arms are not Members of the Legislature"

</doc>
<doc id="20437798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437798" title="Gears of War (series)">
Gears of War (series)

Gears of War is a military science fiction video game franchise created by Epic Games and now owned by Microsoft Studios. The series focuses on the conflict between humanity, the subterranean reptilian hominids known as the Locust Horde, and their mutated counterparts, the Lambent. The franchise consists of four third-person shooter video games, which have also been supplemented by a comic book series and five novels. According to Microsoft, the "Gears of War" series has sold over 22 million units and earned over $1 Billion (USD) in revenue as of January 2014.
The first installment of "Gears of War" was released on November 7, 2006 for the Xbox 360. The game follows protagonist Marcus Fenix, a soldier in the Coalition of Ordered Governments tasked to lead a last-ditch effort to destroy the Locust Horde and save humanity. Two subsequent titles, "Gears of War 2" (2008) and "Gears of War 3" (2011) , continued Fenix and humanity’s ongoing conflict with the Locust Horde and Lambent forces. In 2013, Epic Games and Microsoft released "", a prequel to the series’ first title, which instead focuses on Damon Baird, one of Fenix's squad-mates.
"Gears of War" was developed by Epic Games. Cliff Bleszinski, who has previously worked on Epic’s "Unreal Tournament" games, served the series’ lead game designer for the first three installments. He was inspired by gameplay elements from "Resident Evil 4", "Kill Switch", and "Bionic Commando". The series was also guided by Rod Fergusson, the executive producer and director of development of Epic Games until 2012. All four installments of the "Gears of War" series used a modified version of the Unreal Engine 3 engine. On January 27, 2014 Microsoft acquired all rights to the franchise from Epic Games. Canadian studio Black Tusk is developing the next "Gears of War" game for Xbox One.
"Gears of War" became one of the bestselling franchises for the Xbox 360. The series is well known for its emphasis on cover-based combat system, in which players can use objects to avoid gunfire or safely engage enemies. All four installments in "Gears of War" featured several multiplayer modes that allowed players to compete against each other or team-up to battle AI opponents on Xbox Live. The "Gears of War" games have been amongst the most popular and most played titles on Xbox Live.
Setting.
The "Gears of War" series takes place on a fictional Earth-like planet named Sera, colonized by humans some time in the series' past. The planet had a history of conflict that took Sera to the brink of destruction. This shocked the people into a rejection of their destructive ways, leading to a golden age of culture, science and the arts, though civil liberties and crime remained troublesome social issues.
The energy demands of Sera's population soon surpassed the planet's traditional energy sources like petroleum and nuclear. A search for new energy sources led to the discovery of Imulsion, a glowing liquid with near-unlimited energy potential found in chambers and veins beneath the planet's surface. Due to its potential, wars broke out over control of the Imulsion, the largest being a 79-year war between the COG and the Union of Independent Republics (UIR), which ended when COG opted to use its orbital laser weapon, the Hammer of Dawn, to ravage UIR cities. The COG negotiated peace treaties with the remaining collations, becoming the dominant government on Sera.
Shortly after this, the bulk of the population was wiped out by a new threat, sentient creatures called Locust that spewed out from underground and attacked across the planet. The onset became known as Emergence Day. COG evacuated survivors to Jacinto Plateau, where the hard rock would prevent the Locust from tunneling from beneath. Those humans who could not leave their homes or refused to do so became known as the Stranded. COG then employed a "scorched earth" tactic, turning the Hammer of Dawn against its own cities to deny the Locust any tactical advantages. COG ordered its troops, "Gears", to continue to protect the Plateau while finding ways to end the Locust threat completely.
The first game occurs about fourteen years after Emergence Day; Marcus Fenix is a former Gear who was imprisoned for abandoning his post to protect his father Adam, a lead researcher in studying the Locust. Marcus is rescued from military prison by his closest friend, Dominic "Dom" Santiago, moments before the prison is consumed by Locust attacks. He soon re-enlisted in the Gears because they lacked sufficient forces. Marcus leads Delta Team, including Dom, Augustus Cole, and Damon Baird, into discovering the source of the Locust. Using research left over by his father, Delta Team ignites a Lightmass bomb at this source, destroying a large number of Locust. However, the Queen Locust, Myrrah, escapes, and vows revenge for the destruction.
In Gears of War 2, Myrrah regroups her remaining forces and organizes a counterattack using giant earth-eating worms to whittle the land away from the Jacinto Plateau and sink it. Gears forces, including Delta Squad, are sent underground to attack the Locust directly and stop the action. They find a secret COG research facility, as well as Locust slaves where captured humans, including Dom's wife Maria, have been forced to work. As they invade the main Locust base, they find that the Locust are fighting on another front against what they name Lambent, Locust forces that have been corrupted by exposure to the Imulsion. Despite this, Myrrah refuses to end the war. In a hastily-made decision, Marcus decides to sink Jacinto Plateau purposely, with the surrounding sea water flooding the Locust and Lambent tunnels. Myrrah and other Locust barely escape, while a radio broadcast from Adam, heard after the game credits finish, begs to know what Marcus has done.
"Gears of War 3" occurs two years later. Without Jacinto, COG has collapsed and remnants of humanity work to scavenge supplies while facing new threats from Locust and Lambent forces that have fled to the surface. Marcus learns of a rumor that his father is being held at Azura, a resort island, and with Delta Team and new allies, he heads toward it. While working to acquire Imulsion for a submarine, they learn that humans can also be affected by Imulsion and become Lambent as well. Dom sacrifices himself to allow Marcus and the others to continue on. At Azura, Marcus finds his father, secured in a former hotel, who explains that he had discovered the corruption of Imulsion before, and has been trying to find a way to eradicate it for both humans and Locust. Marcus is shocked to discover that Adam has been working with Myrrah. Adam explains that he found the means to cure humanity and end the Lambent threat using an energy dish at the top of the hotel, and while he has been desperately working to accommodate the Locust after promising this to Myrrah, he has run out of time and that the energy wave that will cure humans will kill the Locust. Myrrah arrives and discovers Adam's betrayal. The Gears fight off Myrrah and kill her, allowing Adam to activate the device, which also ends up killing him as he was his own guinea pig for the technology. Marcus takes a moment to consider his losses before joining with his friends and other humans in their victory.
The fourth game, "Gears of War: Judgment", focuses on Baird and Cole during the early days after Emergence Day.
With military cadet Sofia Hendrick and Garron Paduk, a former UIR soldier, they comprise Kilo Squad. Baird disobeys orders to use a secret weapon of mass destruction to destroy Locust forces and save survivors at Halvo Bay. Despite also killing the powerful Locust leader Karn, because of disobeying orders the squad is court-martialed and Baird is demoted from officer to private. A separate campaign, "Aftermath", portrays Baird, Cole, and Paduk in the hours before the activation of the anti-Imulsion energy wave.
Gameplay.
"Gears of War" is a third person shooter game, with its core concepts being derived from "Resident Evil 4"s "over the shoulder" perspective, "Kill Switch"s cover system, and "Bionic Commando"s swinging action akin to moving between points of cover. The series focuses on using cover to tactically engage the enemy in battle to avoid taking damage. While behind cover, the player can fire blindly and inaccurately at their opponent, or can look around the cover and aim carefully, though exposing himself to enemy fire; the player can also slide along cover, move between nearby cover, or vault over cover to race to a new point of cover. As the player takes damage, the "Crimson Omen" appears on the HUD, becoming more defined as the player nears low health levels. The player can regenerate their health by staying out of harm's way for a short while. Should the player take too much damage, they will become incapacitated unless revived by a teammate; depending on game mode, the player may be able to recover from this state on their own, or may die after a short amount of time if not revived. When a combatant is down, a member of the other side may also attempt to execute the downed player via a "curb stomp" or other brutal method. Some types of damage will immediately kill the player with no chance of revival, such as explosive damage. There are five levels on both of the games, but they are referred to as "acts" and each act is formed into a certain amount of chapters.
Players in "Gears" can only carry four different weapons, with the exception of the fourth game, allowing two weapon slots one grenade slot, which may be filled with grenades, one pistol-type weapon, up to four grenades of a specific type (Fragmentation, Smoke, Ink and Incendiary) and two other weapons, which include, but are not limited to, assault rifles, a sniper rifle, grenade launchers and an explosive bow. Players can either obtain ammo or swap out their current weapons with any weapon dropped by a downed foe or from those scattered around the various maps. Most weapons feature the "Active Reload" ability: either after a weapon has run out of an ammo clip or when the player starts a manual reload, a meter is shown on screen, and the player can attempt to stop the meter in a certain marked area. If the player stops the meter in the marked area, their reload will be completed faster than if they did not attempt an Active Reload, and if the player can stop the meter at a specific section of the marked area, they will gain a temporary slight damage boost with each reloaded shot and a faster reload. If the player stops the meter outside this area, their gun will become temporarily jammed and slow down the reload time. While most of the weapons are based on standard shooter archetypes, "Gears"s signature weapon is the Lancer, an assault rifle that has a mounted chainsaw bayonet which can be used in close quarter combat to instantly kill a standard foe. Most other weapons also can be used to bash opponents in melee, or in the case of grenades, can be stuck to a foe, exploding a few seconds later. In Gears of War 2 & 3, all four types of grenades (fragmentation, ink, incendiary, and smoke), can be planted on any reachable surface, detonating when an opponent comes close to it. If the opponent spots the grenade, he or she can detonate it from a safe distance by shooting it.
All "Gears" games feature a campaign mode that can be played cooperatively with one other player. The two players take the roles of two COG soldiers, Marcus Fenix and Dominic "Dom" Santiago, as they fight the Locust. In the third game the campaign allows for up to four players to play together at the same time. The campaign mode features several levels of difficulties. At various times, the campaign will offer a choice of paths the first player can select; if the second player is present, they will be forced to take the other path. The third and fourth players in Gears of War 3 will be separated between the paths of the first and second players. In these areas, all players generally have to work together to get them through the section, such as by one player providing covering fire while the second player opens a switch that allows the first player to then proceed.
The competitive multiplayer mode in Gears 1 features 8 players while in Gears 2 features up to ten players split between COG and Locust forces in a number of gameplay types. Modes include "Warzone" and "Execution", both similar to a typical deathmatch, and "Annex" and "King of the Hill" where teams have to control a marked zone on the map. In the mode "Guardian,"(only in Gears 2) one member of each team is designated as the leader. As long as the leader is still alive, his or her team mates can respawn indefinitely. As soon as the leader is executed, his or her team mates can no longer respawn.
"Gears of War 3" brings a new dynamic to the series. In past games the AI went around the obstacle even if it had been destroyed. However, "Gears 3" the AI will recognize that the obstacle has been destroyed and are free to walk over it.
Games.
"Gears of War".
Gears of War is a third-person shooter video game developed by Epic Games and published by Microsoft Studios. It was initially released for the Xbox 360 on November 7, 2006 in North America, and on November 17, 2006 in Europe. While it was initially released as an exclusive title the Xbox 360 it was also released for the PC on June 11, 2007, and is currently the only game in the series to have a PC version. "Gears of War" follows Delta Squad's efforts to help deploy a Lightmass bomb deep in the Locust tunnels to wipe out the Locust threat.
"Gears of War 2".
Gears of War 2 is a third-person shooter video game published by Microsoft Studios. It is the sequel to "Gears of War", and was announced by lead designer Cliff Bleszinski during the February 20, 2008 Game Developers Conference. It was released worldwide November 7, 2008. The game uses a heavily upgraded version of the Unreal Engine 3. "Gears of War 2" takes place after the first game, where the Locust are now attempting to sink Jacinto Plateau, and the COG forces have decided to launch a counter-offensive to stop them before they can complete their attempt. Ultimately the COG sinks Jacinto themselves to flood the Locust's home, the Hollow and drown them.
A PC version of the game was cancelled by the developers, citing poor sales of the original PC version of "Gears of War" as well as concerns over piracy.
"Gears of War 3".
Gears of War 3 is the concluding part to the trilogy. Originally with an April 6, 2011 release date, it was delayed until September 20, 2011 due to its many critical errors.
Gears of War 3 takes place 18 months after the end of Gears of War 2. Marcus, Dom, and the last remnants of humanity must band together to survive against the Locust and Lambent, while trying to find Marcus's father and end the war.
"Gears of War: Judgment".
Gears of War: Judgment is the fourth installment of the Gears of War series released on March 19, 2013. It was first announced on May 31, 2012 and was revealed at E3 on June 4, 2012. At the conference they showed off the first trailer, mainly focused on series mainstay Baird. Baird will be accompanied with Augustus "Cole Train" Cole and two new characters. The two new characters are: Garron Paduk, and Sofia Hendrik, these 4 characters make up Kilo Squad. Kilo Squad is put on trial for by another new character Ezra Loomis.
They had then posted more information on their content filled hub, they said there would be a new mode called OverRun. The new mode is supposedly a combination of Horde mode and Beast Mode.
Future.
During E3 2013, Microsoft Studios CEO Phil Spencer commented on the future of the franchise, saying: “I love the Gears franchise, I think Epic’s done a really nice job building that. I think there’s an opportunity to spend some time on Gears and on what it means. It’s a rare franchise that managed to ship four times on the platform – 1, 2, 3 and then Judgment. I also think it’s also a really interesting time to launch new IP, and that’s something we’re really invested in. You saw Quantum Break, you saw Sunset Overdrive, you saw Crimson Dragon, you saw games big and small from many different developers. I think we were counting, and we had eight or nine different nationalities on stage. It’s a cool opportunity to bring a lot of new content.”
On January 27, 2014, Microsoft announced that they had purchased the rights of the franchise from Epic Games, as a new game will be developed by Black Tusk Studios for Xbox One. Rod Fergusson, former Director of Production at Epic Games on the "Gears of War" franchise, will join Microsoft and play a key studio leadership role at Black Tusk on the development of the franchise going forward.
Music.
The video game music for "Gears of War" was composed by Kevin Riepl, who has previously worked with Epic Games on soundtracks for "Unreal Tournament 2003" and "Unreal Championship".
The music for "Gears of War 2" and "Gears of War 3" was composed by Steve Jablonsky.
Additionally, the Gears of War franchise has inspired music from other artists. American thrash metal band Megadeth recorded a song for the first games release, first as an instrumental then with lyrics. For the third game, rapper Ice-T, who was cast as Griffin, reunited his metal band Bodycount to record a song centered around the Gears universe.
Adaptations.
Board Game.
"Gears of War: The Board Game" was released in 2011 by Fantasy Flight Games. Designed by Corey Konieczka, it is a cooperative game for up to four players, including the option for solo play. Each player takes control of a COG (represented by a miniature pre-painted in red), fighting their way through randomly generated maps filled with Locust soldiers (represented by a miniature pre-painted in light gray). These are controlled by an artificial intelligence (AI) deck of cards: after each player finishes his or her turn, he or she draws a card from the AI deck and takes actions for each Locust creature. Players play cards and roll die to take actions and to resolve shooting and defense. The games proceeds until the player team successfully completes the mission; there are seven of them, each featuring different objectives and enemies in randomly generated map layouts.
Since its launch the game has received one expansion, "Mission Pack 1", which brought more weapons, two new missions and new enemies, including General RAAM.
Books.
A series of novels based on the fictional universe has been created, all written by Karen Traviss. The books expand on the games and detail events which occur in between installments.
"" was the first in an expected trilogy, although the total numbers of books has since grown to five. It focused on the history of the characters and the battle at Aspho Fields, but also took place during the events between "Gears of War" and "Gears of War 2".
The second novel, "", continued where "Gears of War 2" left off, with Jacinto's survivors fleeing the ruins of the city and searching for a new safe haven. Later they enter into a new conflict against the Stranded who have begun a guerilla war against the remnants of the COG. The book also detailed events 1 year after E-Day, when the new COG Chairman authorized the Hammer of Dawn counterattack.
"" is the third novel, released on August 31, 2010. The novel details the COG attempting to establish themselves on the island of Vectes, while trying to contain a Stranded insurgency and the resurgent Lambent. A flashback story details a young Hoffman during the Siege of Anvil Gate.
"", released on August 2, 2011, is the fourth novel in the series, taking place immediately after the events of "Anvil Gate"; 18 months after the end of the second game. The novel details the COG's struggle with the Lambent attacks on the island of Vectes, and leads directly into "Gears of War 3".
"" is the fifth and final book in the series released on May 1, 2012. The novel focuses on Marcus Fenix's time in Jacinto Maximum Security Prison prior to "Gears of War", and reveals more backstory on him, Victor Hoffman, and Adam Fenix.
Comic-book series.
Gears of War: Hollow was the first comic book series based on the "Gears of War" world. It was first announced by Epic Games and DC Comics on 18 April 2008 and was released in December 2008. The series was published under DC's Wildstorm imprint and was written by Joshua Ortega, with art by Liam Sharp.
The story arc followed Jace Stratton, a young recruit of Delta Squad who will be making an appearance in Gears of War 3 and Michael Barrick, a sole Gear found by Delta. The arc was 6 issues long and ended in May 2009.
Two stand-alone comic books stories were then released. Issue 7, "The Quickening", followed the life of Tai Kaliso from his home in the South Islands to the torture den of the Locust Horde. This was released in June 9.
The second stand-alone was Harper's Story. In Gears of War 2 there are collectibles which describe the end of Sgt. Jonathan Harper, a Gears Veteran. He was captured by the Locust during the events of the Hollow. He managed not only to survive the vile deeds of the Locust Horde but also to escape. He helped a family reach safety, taking the bullets into his own poor, broken body before falling to the ground.
Issue number 9 begins a new arc, Barren, the first part was released in September 2009. We are introduced to the "other side" of the life of humans faced by total annihilation. Birthing Creches, or Breeding Farms, filled with women who are there to do just what it says on the box ~ have baby after baby ~ and nothing else. With humanity dying out and no fresh faces to replace fallen Gears, new humans are needed. The story focuses on an escapee from one of these centers named Alex Brand. Declared to be barren at the age of 18, Brand was kicked from the Breeding Farm she was born in, sent to Boot Camp and trained to be a Gear. She accompanies Delta and Sigma Squads as they investigate a mysterious beacon call from the place at which she was born, which was thought to have been destroyed by Locust.
Film.
On March 20, 2007, it was announced that New Line Cinema had purchased the rights to make a "Gears of War" film, with Stuart Beattie writing the script along with Marty Bowen and Wyck Godfrey, who will be producing it. Producer Wyck Godfrey said of the film adaptation, "I'm not a gamer, but what blew me away about "Gears" was how it captures the mythology of a war mission and how high the stakes are." On August 3, 2007, AICN.com reported that Len Wiseman was to direct the movie adaptation of "Gears of War". though on March 30, 2007, Godfrey stated that they have "a director we're about to attach" in order to film the movie during 2009 and release in 2010. Cliff Bleszinski, the lead designer of the Gears of War video games, will be an executive producer.
Wiseman was officially signed on in June 2008, with Chris Morgan performing script rewrites. Morgan hinted on G4's televised coverage of Comic Con 2008 that the film would be a prequel to the first game, "it could explain how Marcus Fenix got his scar." According to Morgan, Wiseman "wants to make it as realistic as possible, and to blur those lines where your mind says, 'Oh, it's a big CGI film.. On December 8, 2009, Wyck Godfrey sat down with MakingOf to talk about the "Gears of War" movie, and said that "to tell the epic story of an alien planet that's living in a horrific environment just feels like the wrong mood right now".
In April 2010, New Line considerably scaled back the $100 million budget and epic story, stalling progress while they wait for a rewrite. Len Wiseman is no longer involved as he shifts his focus to other projects.
In April 2013, Variety reported that "Creative Artists Agency is eager to meet with producers in the coming weeks and set up the project elsewhere," and that Stuart Beattie will write the film. Scott Stuber is name to produce the film.
Merchandise.
TriForce Sales has obtained a license from Epic Games to create full-scale replicas of the armor and weapons from the game, with assistance of sculptor Sid Garrand of Nightmare Armor Studios. The units will be available for advanced order in July 2008.
In July 2007, NECA announced they would be producing "Gears of War" merchandise, including action figures. The first series, available in the second quarter of 2008, included Augustus Cole, Anthony Carmine, Baird, a Locust Drone, a Locust Sniper, Dom Santiago and Marcus Fenix.
Mindzeye Studios has created foot high statues of "Gears of War" characters.

</doc>
<doc id="20437809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437809" title="Miguel Velasquez">
Miguel Velasquez

Miguel Velasquez Torres (born 27 December 1944, in Santa Cruz, Tenerife), is a former Spanish boxer at Light Welterweight. 
Olympic games results.
1964 (as a Light welterweight)
Professional career.
Velasquez turned pro in 1966 and captured the WBC light welterweight title in 1976 with a disqualification win over Saensak Muangsurin in his 72nd pro fight. He lost the title later that year in his first defense in a rematch to Muangsurin, via 2nd round TKO. Velasquez retired after the loss, but had a brief comeback in 1979. 

</doc>
<doc id="20437811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437811" title="Fulgence Fresnel">
Fulgence Fresnel

Fulgence Fresnel (April 15, 1795 – November 30, 1855) was a French Orientalist who was a native of Mathieu, Calvados. He was brother to physicist Augustin Fresnel (1788–1827).
As a young man, he studied sciences, literature and languages, and translated a few works of Berzelius, stories by German novelist Johann Ludwig Tieck (1773-1853) and fragments of a Chinese novel ("Fragments chinois"- 1822-23). He was a pupil of Sylvestre de Sacy (1768–1838) in Paris, and in 1826 undertook studies of Arabic at Maronite College in Rome.
Later, he served as a consular agent in the Red Sea port city of Jeddah. In Arabia, he became a proficient speaker of local dialects, during which time, he came in contact with descendants of the Himyarites. Fresnel is credited as the first European to provide a translation of ancient Himyarite inscriptions. 
In 1851 he was put in charge of a scientific expedition to Mesopotamia, where he was accompanied by Assyriologist Jules Oppert (1825–1905). When the expedition members were recalled in 1854, Fresnel chose to remain in the Middle East, and died in Baghdad on November 30, 1855. His notes on the journey were included in Oppert's work, "Expedition en Mesopotamie" (1858, 1863).

</doc>
<doc id="20437813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437813" title="Debby Ryan">
Debby Ryan

Deborah Ann "Debby" Ryan (born May 13, 1993) is an American actress, singer, musician, songwriter and record producer. Ryan has starred in the Disney Channel Original Series "Jessie" since 2011. Ryan is also known for starring as Bailey Pickett in Disney Channel's "The Suite Life on Deck". In 2008, "The Suite Life on Deck" ranked as TV's top series among kids 6-11 and the No. 2 scripted series among tweens 9-14. Ryan started acting in professional theatres at the age of seven; in 2007 she appeared in the "Barney & Friends" straight-to-DVD film "Barney: Let's Go to the Firehouse" and then was discovered in a nationwide search by Disney. She is also known for appearing in the 2008 feature film "The Longshots" as Edith.
In 2009, she guest starred in an episode of "Wizards of Waverly Place" in "Wizards on Deck with Hannah Montana" as "Bailey Pickett" along with her other cast mates from "The Suite Life on Deck". Then, in 2010, she starred in the film "16 Wishes", which was the most watched cable program on the day of its premiere on the Disney Channel. "16 Wishes" introduced Ryan to new audiences; the movie received high viewership in the adults demographic (18-34). Soon after that, Ryan starred in the independent theatrical film, "What If...", which premiered on August 20, 2010. Ryan also starred in the new Disney Channel Original movie, "Radio Rebel", where she portrays the role of Tara Adams, a shy 17-year-old girl who adopts the radio personality, Radio Rebel. Released February 17, 2012. In 2013 she formed the band Debby and The Never Ending.
Early life.
Ryan was born in Huntsville, Alabama. She has performed in various theater performance groups, and talent competitions. Her father was in the military, so she moved to numerous places in Europe. She lived in Germany until she was 10 and can speak both English and German. She started performing in professional theaters at the age of seven on an American base in Germany.
She returned to the United States at the age of 10, in 2003, and was raised in Texas. She dreamed of acting full-time. In a 2009 "People Magazine" interview, she described herself as a "nerd" in school. Ryan was bullied in middle school for being a mascot and a member of the school's chess club.
Career.
2006–10: "The Suite Life on Deck".
Ryan began appearing in various television commercials in her early teenage years. She appeared in several commercials for iDog and various board games; she was in an iDog Dance commercial in 2008. Ryan's first film role was in 2007 as a guest character in "Barney: Let's Go to the Firehouse", she played the role of a teenager. Ryan also had a supporting role in the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer feature film "The Longshots", alongside teen actress Keke Palmer and Ice Cube. Ryan played Edith in the feature film. Ryan played one of the main characters, Bailey Pickett, on the Disney Channel Original Series, "The Suite Life on Deck", which is a sequel/spin-off to the hit Disney Channel series, "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody". The series's pilot aired on September 26, 2008 in the US and drew in 5.7 million viewers, and it became the most watched series premiere in Canada on the Family channel. The series was 2008's #1 top scripted television series for children between the ages of 6 to 11 and pre-teens between the ages of 9 to 14, beating the veteran series "Hannah Montana" and "Wizards of Waverly Place" in the ratings. The series was also 2009's top rated scripted series in the children and tween demographic (6-14), outpacing "Hannah Montana" and several other teenage shows.
In 2009, it was announced that Ryan landed a starring role in the independent feature film, "What If...", alongside Kevin Sorbo and Kristy Swanson. The film was shot in Grand Rapids and Manistee, Michigan in July 2009 and was released in theaters on August 20, 2010. The film is produced by Pure Flix Entertainment and centers on a Christian family. In October 2009, Ryan hosted the first Tween Girl Summit Music Festival. "Tween girls are drawn to talented performers who emanate the joy of life, and we are so happy to have teen favorite Debby Ryan as the first host of The Tween Summit Music Festival," said Denise Restauri, founder of The Tween Summit, AllyKatzz.com and AK Tweens. "The Tween Summit is a day of celebrating the excitement of youth and hope for the future. As my tween friends say,'This concert is going to Rock!'"
2010–present: "Jessie" and films.
In 2010, she starred in the young adult film "16 Wishes", about a teenager named Abigail "Abby" Louise Jensen (Ryan) who has been planning for her sixteenth birthday party ever since she was a little girl with a list of secret wishes she wants to come true, and on the day of her 16th birthday, all of her wishes come true. "16 Wishes" went on to become the most watched cable program on the day of its premiere on the Disney Channel and one of the most watched movies on television. In addition, the movie introduced Ryan to new audiences, such as the contemporary adult audience since the movie received high viewership in the adults demographic (18-34). Ryan noted that to prepare for her role in "16 Wishes", she watched numerous Brat Pack movies, most occasionally "Sixteen Candles" which she stated is very similar to "16 Wishes". When asked how she prepared for the role, she said "It's, at the end of the day it depends on the script. You can do a comedy and it's completely different than a different comedy. I watch a lot of movies. "16 Wishes", when I went up to do that I watched "Sixteen Candles" (rated PG) and a couple of coming-of-age films. I love Molly Ringwald. So getting into the feel of that. . .". Ryan starred in "The Suite Life Movie", based on the show she had starred in. The show finished its run on May 6, 2011.
In March 2011, it was announced that Ryan landed her own Disney Channel series called "Jessie", which debuted in September 2011. The show follows a girl who moves from Texas to New York to become a star but becomes a nanny instead for a family with four children. "Jessie" is a show she also helped create, relating that she wanted her character to relate to herself.
Additionally, in a shift towards a more mature role, she guest starred in an episode of the Disney- owned ABC Studios show "Private Practice" as a recovering drug addict. In February 2012, she starred in another Disney Channel movie entitled "Radio Rebel". On August 31, 2012 she voiced the character Spike on the Tinker Bell's film "Secret of the Wings". In 2013 Ryan recorded the films "Last Chance Holiday" that will premiere in 2014. Also in 2013 Ryan appeared in the film "Muppets Most Wanted" with Bridgit Mendler.
Personal life.
In a 2009 "People Magazine" interview, Ryan stated that her "Suite Life" co-star, Brenda Song, is her acting idol. In a March 2009 interview, Ryan revealed she also looks up to Meryl Streep; Ryan claims Streep "is so profoundly thought-provoking and life-changing." Ryan has said that her other role models include Anne Hathaway, Rachel McAdams and Tobey Maguire. When asked about musical tastes, she has said, "I love jazz! I love singing it. I also love country! My brother loves rock; he also has this chill Jason Mraz-like style. So basically, my answer is: jazz-country-rock-alternative? I have no idea! But I honestly would love to make country music." Ryan is a Christian.
Other ventures.
Philanthropy.
Ryan is involved in Disney's Friends for Change. She was featured in a commercial on Disney Channel. The charity helps explain how kids can help preserve the planet and invites them to go to the Friends for Change website to register and pledge, offering them the chance to help choose how Disney will invest $1 million in environmental programs. Ryan will be taking part in "Disney's Friends for Change Games", which will feature over 30 Disney Channel and Disney XD stars competing in fun and physical challenges inspired by good actions for the environment. The stars will be broken up into teams and each team will play on behalf of an environmental charity. Ryan had been taking part as Captain of the Blue Team playing to benefit Ocean Conservancy.
In May 2012, Ryan travelled to Udaipur, India, as part of Disney's Friends for Change's partnership with international charity Free The Children. The trip was hosted by Me to We, a social enterprise and partner of Free The Children. During her visit she volunteered to help build a new school in Lai Gow and met with local community members to learn about their culture. Her experience was filmed and aired between programs on Disney Channel starting on June 28, 2012.
Music.
Ryan plays several instruments including the guitar, piano, and keyboard. She is also a songwriter and writes music alongside her older brother. Ryan has showed interest in several types of music and her music genres are mainly jazz and country pop with a blend of alternative rock. Ryan was set to headline the "Terrific Teen Tour", a concert series which co-headlined Mitchel Musso, Jasmine Richards and Savannah Outen, that would start on July 9, 2009 and end on July 14 but the tour was canceled due to schedule conflicts. The tour would have been Ryan's debut as a live musician. Ryan debuted her musical talents in "The Suite Life on Deck" episode, "Beauty and the Fleeced". She then went on to record songs for the movies "16 Wishes" and "Radio Rebel", both of which she starred in. She also recorded the theme song "Hey Jessie" from the Disney Channel Original Series "Jessie", which she also stars in, and in a first-season episode performed the country single "Texas Guys". In 2013 Ryan formed her band Debby and the Never Ending.
Fashion.
In July 2012, Ryan started work on a clothing line for 2013. She said she was in the beginning stages of building herself a fashion brand and revealed that she has been looking into designers and interviewing brands she might like to work with.

</doc>
<doc id="20437829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437829" title="Whitehall, Maryland">
Whitehall, Maryland

Whitehall, Maryland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20437861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437861" title="Fort Andrew">
Fort Andrew

Fort Andrew was a six-gun Patriot fort also known as Gurnet Fort. Once located at Gurnet Point, it was rebuilt in 1808, and again in 1863 and was renamed. It became a federal fort in 1869. The reservation was sold in 1926 and became private property. A World War II fire-control tower was built on the parapet of the old fort. The Plymouth (Gurnet Point) Lighthouse is also here.
Development.
Through two separate transactions, one in 1808 and another in 1870, the government acquired the that constituted Fort Andrew. The site, which protected Plymouth Harbor, is located at the extreme end of Duxbury Beach (Gurnet Point), approximately 35 miles (56 km) southeast of Boston. In 1927, the War Department transferred the property to the U.S. Department of Treasury for use as a US Coast Guard Station. The use of the site prior to the government's acquisition is unknown, but it currently contains a residential area, a Coast Guard facility, and a lighthouse.
Researchers uncovered no information pertaining to the facilities and activities of Fort Andrew prior to the Civil War. In 1863, the military rebuilt the fort and placed seven coastal defense weapons at Fort Andrew. By 30 June 1867, the fort possessed an additional light field piece installed on a temporary firing platform, which was removed by April 1880. A records search uncovered no information pertaining to the operation of the fort after 1880. The INPR indicates that the Department of Treasury acquired the land in 1927, ending its use by the War Department, except for a tract that the Department of Defense used for a fire control station (Site No. D01MA0510).
Armament.
The seven coastal defense guns installed during the Civil War consisted of four eight-inch (203 mm) smooth bore, and three 32-pound rifled pieces. Documents describe the eighth piece installed at Fort Andrew as a "light field piece." Three earth-covered structures pertained to the storage of ordnance at the site, two magazines and a filling room. Documents located by the research team did not mention the use of any CWM at this site.
References.
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Huntsville Center PROJECT FACT SHEET FORMERLY USED DEFENSE SITES (FUDS)

</doc>
<doc id="20437884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437884" title="Hardcore (1977 film)">
Hardcore (1977 film)

Hardcore is a 1977 British comedy film directed by James Kenelm Clarke and starring Fiona Richmond, Anthony Steel, Victor Spinetti, Ronald Fraser and Harry H. Corbett. It depicts a highly fictionalised account of the life of Richmond, who was a leading pin-up in the 1970s.
The altenate title for the film is "Fiona".

</doc>
<doc id="20437887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437887" title="BH Telecom Indoors">
BH Telecom Indoors

The BH Telecom Indoors is a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It is currently part of the ATP Challenger Tour. It has been held annually in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina since 2003.
External links.
Official website

</doc>
<doc id="20437903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437903" title="Karambola">
Karambola

Karambola may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20437907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437907" title="Honeyman Island">
Honeyman Island

Honeyman Island is an irregularly shaped, uninhabited island in Nunavut, Canada. It is located in the Qikiqtaaluk Region's side of the Gulf of Boothia within Committee Bay. It is west of the mainland's Melville Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="20437960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20437960" title="The Abdication">
The Abdication

The Abdication is a 1974 British historical drama film directed by Anthony Harvey and starring Peter Finch, Liv Ullmann, Cyril Cusack, Graham Crowden and James Faulkner. The film's score was composed by Nino Rota.
The plot of the film has the abdicated Christina, Queen of Sweden arriving in the Vatican and falling in love with a cardinal.

</doc>
<doc id="20438032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438032" title="Abdoulatifou Aly">
Abdoulatifou Aly

Abdoulatifou Aly (born April 12, 1960) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the island of Mayotte. He is a member of the Democratic Movement ("MoDem" aka "Mouvement Démocratique") nationally, but is a member of the Mahoran Departmentalist Movement ("Mouvement départementaliste Mahorais") in Mayotte.
Aly campaigned strongly for the "Yes" result in the 2009 Mahoran status referendum, arguing that Mayotte and its citizens are an integral part of France: "We may be black, poor and Muslim, but we have been French longer than Nice." The victory of the "Yes" vote ensures that Mayotte will become a full French department in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20438040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438040" title="Alain Bocquet">
Alain Bocquet

Alain Bocquet (born May 6, 1946 in Marquillies) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the Nord department. He is a member of the Gauche démocrate et républicaine parliamentary group.

</doc>
<doc id="20438049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438049" title="David Murray discography">
David Murray discography

David Murray appears on hundreds of recordings as a leader and performer. This discography covers albums he has released, by groups he was/is a member of and notable albums he has contributed to. His 2000s recordings on Justin Time Records remain in-print, as of July 2007. Dates are of recording, not release.
Albums featured.
with James Blood Ulmer
with others

</doc>
<doc id="20438052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438052" title="Alain Cacheux">
Alain Cacheux

Alain Cacheux (born November 15, 1947 in Valenciennes, Nord) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20438067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438067" title="Huntercombe (disambiguation)">
Huntercombe (disambiguation)

Huntercombe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20438071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438071" title="Alain Claeys">
Alain Claeys

Alain Claeys (born 25 August 1948) is a French politician. He is a member of the Socialist Party, Mayor of Poitiers since 2008 and a Member of the National Assembly of France for the first constituency of the Vienne department since 1997. He sits in the Socialist, Radical, Citizen and Miscellaneous Left group in the National Assembly.
In 2013, as Mayor of Poitiers, he decides the sale of the Poitiers Theater and the destruction of this hall designed by the French architect Édouard Lardillier and built in 1954, in order to realize a commercial gallery and some flats, through a controversial real estate business.
He graduated from the University of Poitiers.

</doc>
<doc id="20438072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438072" title="Something to Hide">
Something to Hide

Something to Hide (in the U.S. also reissued as "Shattered"), is a 1972 British thriller film, written and directed by Alastair Reid, based on a 1963 novel by Nicholas Monsarrat. The film stars Peter Finch, Shelley Winters, Colin Blakely, Linda Hayden and Graham Crowden. Finch plays a man harassed by his shrewish wife (Winters) who, after picking up a pregnant teenage hitchhiker (Hayden) is driven to murder and madness. The film was not released commercially in the United States until 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20438081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438081" title="Urethrostomy">
Urethrostomy

Urethrostomy is a surgical procedure that creates a permanent opening in the urethra, commonly to remove obstructions to urine flow. The procedure is most often performed in male cats, where the opening is made in the perineum.
History.
For many years perineal urethrostomy has been used in cattle, sheep and goats, especially young males that have been castrated at a young age, for obstruction by uroliths. However, the anatomy of the male cat is quite different and the urethra is very small in diameter.
Perineal urethrostomy in the male cat was developed in 1962 and published in the "Journal of the American Veterinary Medical Association" in 1963. It was modified in 1967, and further modified in 1971.
Pre-surgical considerations.
Since animals are potentially suffering from severe metabolic derangements at the time of initial presentation, animals need to be stabilized prior to surgery. Common physiologic derangements noted on bloodwork are elevated kidneys values (azotemia) and elevated potassium levels (hyperkalemia). The presence of profound sedation, low body temperature, and/or a slow heart rate (bradycardia) are usually associated with more severe blood derangements.
Ideally, the urethral obstruction is removed or temporarily bypassed with urethral flushing (urohydropulsion) and the placement of an in-dwelling urinary catheter prior to surgery. This catheter allows urine to be removed from the body, and, along with fluid therapy, help normalize blood derangements to resolve prior to anesthesia. There are many types of catheters commonly used, including common red rubber catheters, stiff Tomcat catheters, soft and flexible Cook catheters or semi-rigid "Slippery Sam" catheters.
Sedation is usually required for urohydropulsion and the placement of a urinary catheter due to the associated pain with the procedure. A combination of injectable ketamine and diazepam is a safer option for sedation considering its reduced cardiopulmary depression effects compared to other anesthetics. A combination of etomidate and diazepam would be an even safer anesthetic consideration, but etomidate is not commonly carried by general veterinary practitioners due to its cost.
Fluid therapy is equally essential for correcting derangements. Commonly, a fluid low in potassium, such as 0.9% NaCl, is selected. If 0.9% NaCl is not available, any other crystalloid fluid is realistic even if it contains some level of potassium. Insulin is sometimes used intravenously to temporarily reduce high potassium levels. Calcium gluconate can also be used to protect the myocardium (heart muscle) from the negative effects of hyperkalemia.
Rarely, an urethral obstruction cannot not be removed on initial presentation and emergency surgery must be performed immediately to return urethral patency and save the animal's life. These animals are at a much higher risk under anesthesia.
Surgical technique.
The cat can be placed in either dorsal or ventral recumbency. An elliptical incision is made around the base of the cat's penis and scrotum. If the cat has not been neutered previously, it must be neutered before the perineal urethrostomy can be performed. A combination of sharp and blunt dissection is started ventrally (the underside of the penis) to expose the penis' muscular and soft tissue attachments to the pelvis. After removing these soft tissue attachments to the pelvis, dissection is continued dorsally (on top of the penis) to remove the dorsal retractor penile muscle and other soft tissue covering the site of the required urethral incision.
All of these dissection steps are necessary to free the penis from the pelvis, allowing the veterinarian to move the significantly wider pelvic urethra caudally (or rearward) so it can be attached to the skin.
After the penile body is freed, a dorsal incision is started at the tip of the penis using either a small scalpel blade or fine ophthalmic scissors. This incision is extended to a level at or above the bulbourethral glands. At this level, the urethra is considered wide enough to create an adequate stoma, or urethral opening. The urethra is sutured to the skin for approximately 2 cm using a fine suture on a taper needle (i.e. 4-0 PDS). The remainder of the penis is amputated and any remaining skin defect is closed.
As the surgery site heals, the urethral mucosa and skin will heal together creating a permanent stoma. This stoma (opening) is much larger than the original penile urethra making it unlikely for the animal to obstruct in the future.
A urinary catheter may be placed following surgery for the initial 12–24 hours of recovery. This catheter should not be left in longer than this though, as it will increase the likelihood of stricture formation at the surgery site. Animals should wear an e-collar until sutures are removed in 10–14 days.
Post-operative complications.
Initial post-operative complications include wound infection and excessive pain or bleeding. These can be controlled commonly with appropriate prescription medications or ice packs if the animal will tolerate them. A more concerning, though not common, complication is stricture, or narrowing, of the surgery site. The formation of a stricture will require additional procedures to either try and salvage the initial surgery site or create a new urethral opening (or stoma) under the floor of the pelvis (subpelvic urethrostomy) or immediately in front of the pubic bone (prepubic urethrostomy).
The most common long term complication associated with this surgery is an increased incidence of urinary tract infections.

</doc>
<doc id="20438082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438082" title="Town of Jabiru">
Town of Jabiru

The Town of Jabiru was a local government area of the Northern Territory of Australia, and was based in Jabiru. The town covered an area of and had a population of about 1,250.
On 1 July 2008, it became part of the new West Arnhem Shire.
Governance.
The town's municipal services were provided by the Town of Jabiru, which was incorporated on 1 July 1984 by an amendment to the Act, requested by the Jabiru Town Development Authority. 
The first Council meeting was held in July 1984, and every two years, an election was held (unlike the rest of the Northern Territory, where councils were elected every four years.)
On 1 July 2008, the Town and the special arrangements ceased to exist, and Jabiru became part of the West Arnhem Shire.

</doc>
<doc id="20438084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438084" title="Alain Cousin">
Alain Cousin

Alain Cousin (born April 8, 1947 in Périers, Manche) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Manche department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20438090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438090" title="Alain Ferry">
Alain Ferry

Alain Ferry (born February 3, 1952 in Baden-Baden) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Bas-Rhin department, and is a member of the Radical Party. He is the mayor of Wisches, Bas-Rhin.
He is also President of the Alsace-Moselle Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="20438110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438110" title="Alain Marc">
Alain Marc

Alain Marc (born January 29, 1957 in Paris) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the third constituency of the Aveyron department, and is a member of the Radical Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20438122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438122" title="Australian Jews">
Australian Jews

Australian Jews, or Jewish Australians, are Jews who are Australian citizens or permanent residents of Australia. There are 97,335 Australians who identified as Jewish in the 2011 census. Jewish citizens make up 0.3 percent of the Australian population. Judaism is a minority religion in Australia.
History.
The first Jews to come to Australia were 8 English convicts transported to Botany Bay in 1788 aboard the First Fleet. About 15,100 convicts were transported by the time transportation ceased in 1840 in New South Wales and 1853 in Tasmania. It is estimated that of those who arrived by 1845 about 800 were Jewish. Most of them came from London, were of working-class background and were male. Only 7% of Jewish convicts were female, compared to 15% for non-Jewish convicts. The average age of the Jewish convicts was 25, but ranged as young as 8 to some elderly people.
At first, the Church of England was the established religion, and during the early years of transportation all convicts were required to attend Anglican services on Sundays. This included Irish Catholics as well as the Jews. Similarly, education in the new settlement was Anglican church controlled until the 1840s.
The first move towards organisation in the community was the formation of a Chevra Kadisha (a Jewish burial society) in Sydney in 1817, but the allocation of land for a Jewish cemetery was not approved until 1832. In 1830 the first Jewish wedding in Australia was celebrated, the contracting parties being Moses Joseph and Rosetta Nathan.
Jewish immigration came at a time of antisemitism and the Returned Services League and other groups publicized cartoons to encourage the government and the immigration Minister Arthur A. Calwell to stem the flow of Jewish immigrants.
Affiliations.
There had been at least two short-lived efforts to establish Reform congregations, the first as early as the 1890s. However, in 1930, under the leadership of Ada Phillips, a Liberal or Progressive congregation, Temple Beth Israel, was permanently established in Melbourne. In 1938 the long-serving Senior Rabbi, Rabbi Dr Herman Sanger, was instrumental in establishing another synagogue, Temple Emanuel in Sydney. He also played a part in founding a number of other Liberal synagogues in other cities in both Australia and New Zealand. The first Australian-born rabbi, Rabbi Dr John Levi, served the Australian Liberal movement.
Population.
Melbourne.
Melbourne Ports has the largest Jewish community of any electorate in Australia. bialik collage is a Jewish day school in Melbourne.
Perth.
The Carmel School is a Jewish day school in Perth.
Adelaide.
In Adelaide there have had been many Jewish involved in the history of the city, with many successful civic leaders and people in the arts.
Assimilation and population changes.
The same social and cultural characteristics of Australia that facilitated the extraordinary economic, political, and social success of the Australian Jewish community have also been attributed to contributing to widespread assimilation. From 2008 to 2012, more than 400 Australian Jews moved to Israel and most of them have done compulsory military service. There was an almost 50 percent increase in immigration from Australia to Israel between 2009 and 2010. There was a 45 percent increase in percentage of immigration in 2010, the highest of the English speaking countries; 240 Australians moved to Israel, up from 165 in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20438128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438128" title="Alain Marty">
Alain Marty

Alain Marty (born March 7, 1946) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Moselle department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20438130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438130" title="Alfred Island">
Alfred Island

Alfred Island is an uninhabited, irregularly shaped island located in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region within the northern Canadian Arctic. Approximately above sea level, it is in the Fury and Hecla Strait, north of the mainland's Melville Peninsula, and south of Baffin Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20438139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438139" title="Alain Moyne-Bressand">
Alain Moyne-Bressand

Alain Moyne-Bressand (born July 30, 1945 in Bourgoin-Jallieu, Isère) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Isère department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20438160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438160" title="Alain Néri">
Alain Néri

Alain Néri (born May 1, 1942) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Puy-de-Dôme department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20438167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438167" title="Alain Rodet">
Alain Rodet

Alain Rodet (born June 4, 1944) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Haute-Vienne department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20438174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438174" title="Alain Suguenot">
Alain Suguenot

Alain Suguenot (born September 17, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Côte-d'Or department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20438183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438183" title="Alain Vidalies">
Alain Vidalies

Alain Vidalies (born March 17, 1951 in Grenade-sur-l'Adour, Landes) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Landes department, and is a member of the Socialist Party and of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche parliamentary group.
On May 16, 2012, he was named Minister of the Relations with Parliament in the first government of President François Hollande and Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault. 

</doc>
<doc id="20438189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438189" title="Albert Facon">
Albert Facon

Albert Facon (born 11 November 1943 in Vichy) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Pas-de-Calais department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20438211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438211" title="Albert Likuvalu">
Albert Likuvalu

Albert Likuvalu (born November 14, 1943) is a French politician, former member of the National Assembly of France. He represented the only constituency on the islands of Wallis and Futuna, and sat with the Socialist, Radical, Citizen and Miscellaneous Left group in the Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20438216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438216" title="Altomira">
Altomira

Altomira () is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Avia, Messenia, Greece. As of 2011, it had a population of 47. It sits at 860 metres above sea level. Many of its residents only live here during the summer months. Altomira lies on the western slope of the Taygetus mountains, 7 km from the sea. It is 12 km southeast from Kalamata.
History.
Altomira was mentioned for the first time in 1618 with 20 families. After Greek independence, it was administratively part of the municipality of Gerinia and between 1841 and 1914 of the municipality Avia. Until 1998, when it became part of Avia again, it was an independent community.

</doc>
<doc id="20438225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438225" title="Alfred Almont">
Alfred Almont

Alfred Almont (born 15 September 1944 in Schoelcher, Martinique) is a member of the National Assembly of France as a representative of the island of Martinique. A member of the French Radical Party, Almont works in association with the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20438239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438239" title="Alfred Trassy-Paillogues">
Alfred Trassy-Paillogues

Alfred Trassy-Paillogues (born July 15, 1950) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-Maritime department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20438247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438247" title="André Chassaigne">
André Chassaigne

André Chassaigne (born July 2, 1950 in Clermont-Ferrand) is a member of the National Assembly of France for the French Communist Party. He represents the Puy-de-Dôme department, and is a member of the Gauche démocrate et républicaine.

</doc>
<doc id="20438255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438255" title="André Gerin">
André Gerin

André Gerin (born January 19, 1946 in Vienne, Isère) is a French politician who is currently a Deputy in the National Assembly of France. He has been elected in the Rhône department, and is a member of the French Communist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20438268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438268" title="André Vézinhet">
André Vézinhet

André Vézinhet (born September 7, 1939) is a French politician, member of the Socialist Party.
He was one of the socialists on Georges Frêche's list when the latter became Mayor of Montpellier in 1977.
Senator between 1989 and 2007, he was elected in 2007 deputy to the National Assembly of France where he represents the Hérault department in the Socialist, Radical, Citizen and Miscellaneous Left parliamentary group.
His main role is in the department of Hérault where he has been sitting in the Council General since 1985 and is its President since 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20438280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438280" title="André Wojciechowski">
André Wojciechowski

André Wojciechowski (born April 17, 1956 in Créhange, Moselle) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Moselle department, and is a member of the Radical Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20438306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438306" title="Annick Girardin">
Annick Girardin

Annick Girardin (born August 3, 1964 in Saint-Malo, Ille-et-Vilaine) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the islands of Saint-Pierre and Miquelon, and is a member of the Radical Party of the Left.

</doc>
<doc id="20438312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438312" title="Annick Le Loch">
Annick Le Loch

Annick Le Loch (born November 4, 1954) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Finistère department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20438327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438327" title="Annick Lepetit">
Annick Lepetit

Annick Lepetit (born March 31, 1958) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the city of Paris, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20438333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438333" title="N-Acylphosphatidylethanolamine">
N-Acylphosphatidylethanolamine

"N"-Acylphosphatidylethanolamines (NAPEs) are hormones released by the small intestine into the bloodstream when it processes fat. NAPEs travels to the hypothalamus in the brain and suppress appetite. This mechanism could be relevant for treating obesity.
Endocannabinoid precursor.
"N"-Acylphosphatidylethanolamines are also an important intermediaries in the biosynthesis of endocannabinoids.
NAPEs are formed from phosphatidylethanolamines, a group of cell membrane phospholipids characteristic of nervous tissue. After being cleaved by phospholipases, NAPEs can be transformed into "N"-acylethanolamines, including the endocannabinoid anandamide. While NAPE-PLD is the enzyme responsible for catalyzing said release of N-acylethanolamine (NAE) from N-acyl-phosphatidylethanolamine (NAPE), this specific subtype of phospholipase D is not responsible for the formation of the anandamide.

</doc>
<doc id="20438337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438337" title="Antoine Carré">
Antoine Carré

Antoine Carré (born March 4, 1943) was a member of the National Assembly of France. He represented the Loiret department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20438351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438351" title="Antoine Herth">
Antoine Herth

Antoine Herth (born February 14, 1963) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Bas-Rhin department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20438355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438355" title="Scentsy">
Scentsy

Scentsy is a candle warmer company that was founded in 2004, and based in Meridian, Idaho. Originating from a Salt Lake City basement, Scentsy's current corporate office resides in a 168,000-square-foot facility. Their products are sold utilizing a multi-level, direct selling structure while using the party plan model for marketing. They refer to their multi-level sales force as "consultants".
Company History.
In December 2008, Scentsy launched a lawsuit against Performance Manufacturing, Inc. for trademark infringement.
In October 2009, conflicts arose when an upgrade for consultants' front end software became problematic, and Facebook was quickly used as a backup solution. This decision led to Scentsy receiving the ""Success Award"" from the Direct Selling Association."
From May 2009 to January 2010, Scentsy's sales force grew from approximately 30,000 to over 75,000. "Inc.", labeled Scentsy as "America's fastest-growing consumer products company" and was ranked 19th overall in the annual Inc. 500.
Scentsy has since evolved into Scentsy Fragrance, a subsidiary of the parent group Scentsy Family, with brands Grace Adele and Velata. Twice a year the charitable arm, Scentsy Family Foundation, donates to charity proceeds from a unique warmer.

</doc>
<doc id="20438361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438361" title="Arlette Franco">
Arlette Franco

Arlette Franco (Perpignan 1 October 1939 – Canet-en-Roussillon 31 March 2010) was a member of the National Assembly of France. She represented the Pyrénées-Orientales department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20438372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438372" title="Arlette Grosskost">
Arlette Grosskost

Arlette Grosskost (born July 19, 1953 in Wissembourg, Bas-Rhin) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Haut-Rhin department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20438375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438375" title="George M. White">
George M. White

George M. White FAIA (November 1, 1920 – June 17, 2011) was an American architect who served as the Architect of the Capitol from January 27, 1971 to November 21, 1995. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio and attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology at the age of sixteen. He graduated with a B.S. and an M.S. in electrical engineering in 1941. He later received an M.B.A. from Harvard and a J.D. from Case Western Reserve University. He oversaw the construction of the Library of Congress James Madison Memorial Building and the Hart Senate Office Building, as well as the restoration of the old Supreme Court and Senate chambers.

</doc>
<doc id="20438382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438382" title="Sweet America">
Sweet America

Sweet America was the twelfth studio album by Buffy Sainte-Marie and her last before retiring from music to work on "Sesame Street" and in education. The album was dedicated to the American Indian Movement and featured some songs with tribal rhythms and vocals that she was later to develop on her 1992 comeback "Coincidence and Likely Stories".
After parting with MCA Records, Sainte-Marie signed with ABC Records, then home of such artists as Steely Dan, the early Pointer Sisters, Isaac Hayes and the James Gang. Although "Sweet America" received a little more attention from the press than her two MCA albums "Buffy" and "Changing Woman", most reviews were not favorable. When MCA acquired ABC Records in 1979, "Sweet America" went out of print along with her two MCA albums, and remaining copies were not thereafter circulated. Claims that her retirement was motivated by the collapse of ABC Records are unlikely because she had not been recording for over three years when the label collapsed.
Track listing.
All songs written by Buffy Sainte-Marie unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20438387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438387" title="Armand Jung">
Armand Jung

Armand Jung (born December 13, 1950 in Théding) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Bas-Rhin department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20438391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438391" title="Discount">
Discount

Discount may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20438403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438403" title="Aurélie Filippetti">
Aurélie Filippetti

Aurélie Filippetti ( ; born 17 June 1973) is a French politician and novelist of Italian descent. Her family originates from Gualdo Tadino, Umbria. Since 16 May 2012, she is Minister of Culture and Communication in the government of François Hollande.
Her first novel "Les derniers jours de la classe Ouvrière" (The Last Days of the Working Class), published by Stock in 2003, has been translated into several languages. In 2003, Filippetti wrote the script for the theatre production "Fragments d'humanité". She was a delegate of the French Greens for the Paris municipality and acted as the technical adviser for the Minister of the Environment, Yves Cochet, from 2001 to 2002.
She is member of the National Assembly of France, representing the Moselle "département", and is a member of the Socialist Party.
She is an alumnus of the elite "École normale supérieure de Fontenay–Saint-Cloud", she received an "agrégation" in Classic Literature.

</doc>
<doc id="20438412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438412" title="Axel Poniatowski">
Axel Poniatowski

Axel Poniatowski (born August 3, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Val d'Oise department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
Biography.
Axel Poniatowski was born on August 3, 1951 in Rabat, Morocco. He grew up in Morocco and in the United States, following his father the diplomat Michel Poniatowski. Later, he also lived in the US for five more years, and in Saudi Arabia for three years. He has been the mayor of Isle-Adam since 1999, and the Representative of Val d'Oise since 2002. He serves as the President of the foreign affairs commission in the French National Assembly.
He worked in the private sector for 25 years. He speaks English, Spanish, and some Arabic. In 2008, he supported Barack Obama.

</doc>
<doc id="20438421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438421" title="Benoist Apparu">
Benoist Apparu

Benoist Apparu (born 24 November 1969) was Secretary of State for Housing under the Minister of Ecology, Sustainable Development, Transport and Housing, Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet, in the François Fillon III government, and a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
Biography.
Benoist Apparu was born on November 24, 1968 in Toulouse, Haute-Garonne, France. He holds an MPhil in International Law.
From 1994 to 1999, he worked as a parliamentary assistant for Bruno Bourg-Broc. In 1996, he was elected as national representative for the young wing of the Rally for the Republic. From 1999 to 2002, he worked in the private sector. In 2001, he served as Deputy-Mayor of Châlons-en-Champagne for Youth and Communication, then for Housing in 2008, as Bruno Bourg-Broc was re-elected. He then worked as Chief of Staff for Xavier Darcos, and for Catherine Vautrin.
In 2007, he was elected as a member of the National Assembly of France. His deputy is Bruno Bourg-Broc. On 23 June 2009 he was named Secretary of State for Housing and City in the François Fillon government, under the responsibility of Jean-Louis Borloo, Minister of the Environment.

</doc>
<doc id="20438423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438423" title="The Sailor from Gibraltar">
The Sailor from Gibraltar

The Sailor from Gibraltar is a 1967 British drama film directed by Tony Richardson and starring Jeanne Moreau, Vanessa Redgrave, Ian Bannen, Orson Welles and John Hurt.

</doc>
<doc id="20438431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438431" title="Bernard Brochand">
Bernard Brochand

Bernard Brochand (born June 5, 1938) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the 8th constituency of the Alpes-Maritimes department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. 
Professional life.
His career began at Procter & Gamble, before rising to be the head of Eurocom in 1975, and DDB International publicity agency in 1989.
His lifelong passion for sport, and especially football lead to his joining the administration council of Paris Saint-Germain F.C. in 1971, and becoming the President of the club association at the end of the 1990s.
Political life.
He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) group in the National Assembly. In 2004, he co-signed a proposition to re-establish the death penalty for acts of terrorism.

</doc>
