<doc id="20519370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519370" title="Mechanosensation">
Mechanosensation

Mechanosensation is a response mechanism to mechanical stimuli. The physiological foundation for the senses of touch, hearing and balance, and pain is the conversion of mechanical stimuli into neuronal signals: mechanosensation. Mechanoreceptors of the skin, called cutaneous mechanoreceptors, are responsible for touch. Tiny cells in the inner ear, called hair cells, are responsible for hearing and balance. States of neuropathic pain, such as hyperalgesia and allodynia, are also directly related to mechanosensation. A wide array of elements are involved in the process of mechanosensation, many of which are still not fully understood.
Cutaneous Mechanoreceptors.
Cutaneous mechanoreceptors are physiologically classified with respect to conduction velocity, which is directly related to the diameter and myelination of the axon.
Rapidly Adapting and Slowly Adapting Mechanoreceptors.
Mechanoreceptors that possess a large diameter and high myelination are called low-threshold mechanoreceptors. Fibers that respond only to skin movement are termed rapidly adapting mechanoreceptors (RA), while those that respond also static indentation are termed slowly adapting mechanoreceptors (SA).
Aδ fibers.
Aδ fibers are characterized by thin axons and thin myelin sheaths, and are either D-hair receptors or nociceptive neurons. Aδ fibers conduct at a rate of up to 25 m/s. D-hair receptors have large receptive fields and very low mechanical thresholds, and have been shown to be the most sensitive of known cutaneous mechanoreceptors. A-fiber mechanoreceptors (AM) also have thin myelination and are known for their "free" nerve endings. It is believed that A-fiber mechanonociceptors have high mechanical sensitivity and large receptive fields, and are responsible for rapid mechanical and heat pain.
C-fibers.
C-fibers have slow conduction velocities of less than 1.3 m/s because they do not have a myelin sheath at all. C-fibers account for 60-70% of primary afferent neurons that innervate the skin. C-fibers are activated by both mechanical and thermal stimuli, and also respond to algesic chemicals, such as capsaicin. Some C-fibers respond only to mechanical stimuli. Therefore, classification of C-fibers are broken down further. C-fiber nociceptors which respond to both mechanical and thermal stimuli include C-mechanoheat (C-MH), C-mechanocold (C-MC), and C-mechanoheatcold (C-MHC). C-fiber nociceptors that respond only to mechanical stimuli are called C-mechanonociceptors (C-M). Other groups of C-fibers include C-fiber low threshold mechanoreceptors (C-LT), which are involved in nondiscriminative touch, and mechanically insensitive nociceptors (MIA), which lack mechanosensitivity and are also known as “silent” or “sleeping” nociceptors. C-fibers called C-Mechano insensitive, heat insensitive (C-MiHi) account for about 15-25% of all C-fibers.
Molecular Mechanisms.
Known molecular mechanisms of cutaneous mechanosensitivity are not completely understood. Most likely, a single unifying transduction process by which all sensory neurons function does not exist. It is believed, however, that sensory neurons employ fast, mechanically gated cation channels, and that the depolarization that results across the membrane is followed by the generation of a sodium-dependent action potential at the transduction site. It is believed that rapid, mechanically gated cation channels are characteristic of all sensory neurons. The membrane depolarization, in turn, leads to a sodium-dependent action potential at that location. It is also thought that mechanical strain is detected by ion channels through cytoplasmic and extracellular components. The existence of a distinct transduction process for all sensory neurons is highly unlikely. It has been hypothesized that the attachment of ion channels to cytoplasmic and extracellular structures is responsible for distinguishing mechanical strain on the cell membrane, and that cell curvature may not directly gate these ion channels alone. Mechanosensation also contributes to cell growth and development through extracellular matrix (ECM) interaction and traction of integrin receptors which facilitate adhesion.
TRP Channels.
The ‘doctrine of specific nervous energies’ states that particular nervous pathway activation causes various sensory modalities. Sensory receptor classification with respect to function suggest that different sensory modalities are governed by separate receptor classes. Transient Receptor Potential (TRP) ion channels introduce the idea that the expression of specific “molecular sensors” govern sensitivity to certain stimuli. Researchers believe that the ability of various somatosensory receptor neurons to respond to specific stimuli is a result of “combinational expression” of various ion channels in each specific neuronal class. Transduction channels work in their specific environment and should be treated as such. TRP channels play a significant role in mechanosensation. There are seven TRP subfamilies: TRPC, TRPM, TRPV, TRPN, TRPA, TRPP, and TRPML. Some of these TRP channels respond to membrane lipid tension, including TRPY and TRPC1. Others respond directly to mechanical force, such as TRPN, TRPA1, and TRPV. Others are activated by a second messenger, such as TRPV4. The TRPA subfamily plays a significant role in thermosensation. For example, TRPA1 is thought to respond to noxious cold and mechanosensation. The cytoplasmic content of each of these differs significantly, leading researchers to doubt that the cytoplasm is the core of mechanosensation.
Lipid Bilayer.
There is evidence that mechanosensitive channels may be in whole or in part governed by the lipid bilayer, which contributes to stretch forces which result in opening of the channel. While it is known that the lipid bilayer properties of cell membranes contribute to mechanosensation, it is yet unknown whether the protein interacts with the head groups of the lipids.
Hair Cells.
Hair cells are the source of the most detailed understanding of mechanosensation. They are present in sensory epithelia of the inner ear and are responsible for the auditory system and vestibular system.
Structure.
The bundle of cilia that projects from the surface of the hair cell is the organelle which participates in mechanosensation. Each of these bundles are approximately 4-10 μm high and have 30-300 stereocilia and one kinocilium, which has motile characteristics. Along the axis of symmetry, each successive row of stereocilia is approximately 0.5-1.0 μm taller, with the kinocilium next to the tallest row. Extracellular structures connect the stereocilia together. These include ankle links (between adjacent stereocilia), shaft links (entire length of hair cell), and cross links (laterally between tips). Tip links run along the tips of the stereocilium, from the shorter end to the longer end. Tip links pull on the ion channels to open them up. It is known that the tip link is made of two different cadherin molecules, protocadherin 15 and cadherin 23.
Function.
When an event occurs which causes the bundle of cilia to deflect toward the taller side, ion channels open, and a depolarization of the cell is caused by the inward current which results. This is known as a positive deflection. This process involves the stretching of tip links, which pull the ion channels open. A deflection in the opposite direction is termed negative deflection, and causes tip links to relax and the ion channels to close. Perpendicular deflection is ineffective. It is suspected that the site of transduction channels is at the stereocilia tips. The speed with which ion channels respond to deflection leads researchers to believe that mechanical stimuli act directly upon the ion channel, and do not need a second messenger.
The sensitivity of cilia is primarily due to ciliary length.
The stereocilia of functional hair cells have the ability to convert mechanical deflections to neural signals.
Current Research.
One aspect of hair cell mechanosensation that remains unknown is the stiffness of the tip links. Because the tip links are composed of cadherin molecules, computer modeling using steered molecular dynamics can estimate the stiffness.
Computer Simulation.
Computer simulation uses molecular dynamics calculations. The tip link consists of two different cadherin molecules. The molecular structure of the general cadherin class is known. The molecular structure is input into the computer, which then calculates how the protein would move using the known forces between atoms. This allows the behavior of the protein to be characterized and stiffness can be calculated. It has been found that the tip links are relatively stiff, so it is thought that there has to be something else in the hair cells that is stretchy which allows the stereocilia to move back and forth.
Animal Studies.
Animals are often used in research trying to discover the protein. Deaf animals are probably deaf because they have some kind of mutation in this particular protein, so a great deal of research has focused on trying to find animals that are deaf and figure out where the mutation is. For example, there are strains of mice that are deaf. Defects in their hair cells affect not only their hearing but their balance, so they tend to run in circles. These mice have been recognized for several decades as potential for identifying the mutation that caused this deafness and balance problems. Some are mutations in the two cadherins that make up the tip link, and others have been identified but none of them yet are the ion channel.
Channel Blocking.
FMI-43 is a dye which can be used to block mechanosensitive ion channels and therefore is a useful technique for studying mechanosensitive ion channels. For example, the blocking of certain subtypes results in a decrease in pain sensitivity, which suggest characteristics of that subtype with regard to mechanosensation.
Future Studies.
When the function and mechanisms of hair cells are more fully understood, there are two applications that it could have. These involve both basic research in other fields and clinical applications in the field of hair cells. The mechanism of the hair cell might contribute to the understanding other mechanosensory systems such as the sense of touch. In the field of touch, the ion channel is that is activated is also currently unknown, and it is likely that there are several different ion channels. Eventually, it is hoped that this research can help individuals with hearing impairments. For example, if somebody subjects their ears to extremely loud sounds, then they may experience hearing loss. This is probably a result of the tip links being broken. Normally the tip links grow back in about half a day, but for some people they are more fragile, making those individuals more susceptible to hearing loss. If the cause of this susceptibility could be determined, and if tip link are repair could be understood, then a drug could be developed that would help the tip links grow back more readily. Generally, many people lose hearing in their old age, especially high frequency hearing. This is caused by hair cell death, so it is hoped that that techniques can be developed, such as by using stem cells or other genetic manipulations, to encourage the inner ear to regenerate its hair cells and restore hearing.
Cellular antennae.
Within the biological and medical disciplines, recent discoveries have noted that "primary cilia" in many types of cells within eukaryotes serve as "cellular antennae". These cilia play important roles in mechanosensation. The current scientific understanding of primary cilia organelles views them as "sensory cellular antennae that coordinate a large number of cellular signaling pathways, sometimes coupling the signaling to ciliary motility or alternatively to cell division and differentiation."
Neuropathic Pain.
Hyperalgesia and allodynia are examples of neuropathic pain. It is thought that the activation of specialized neuronal nociceptors are responsible for hyperalgesia. Studies suggest that hyperalgesia and allodynia are set off and sustained by certain groups of mechanosensitive sensory neurons. There is a general consensus among the scientific community that neuropeptides and NMDA receptors are crucial to the initiation of sensitization states such as hyperalgesia and allodynia.
Hyperalgesia.
Hyperalgesia is extreme sensitivity to pain. Hyperalgesia to mechanical stimuli extends to a large area around the initial location of the stimulus, while hyperalgesia to thermal stimuli remains in the same location as the initial stimulus. Hyperalgesia which remains in the initial area is known as primary hyperalgesia, and hyperalgesia which extends to a large area is secondary hyperalgesia. Primary hyperalgesia probably relies on a central mechanism. It is argued that MIAs, or C-MiHi primary afferents, are crucial to the initiation of primary hyperalgesia because they have a significant response to capsaicin, which is a chemical commonly used to induce hyperalgesia. Secondary hyperalgesia is believed to be caused by a magnified spinal response to nociceptor stimulation. It is argued that heat sensitive Aδ nociceptors are responsible for secondary hyperalgesia.
Allodynia.
Allodynia is pain resulting from an otherwise nonpainful stimulus. It is believed that restructured synaptic connections in the spinal cord are responsible for allodynia. Pain associated with allodynia can be attributed to myelinated A-fibers as a result of a change in their central functional connectivity. Mechanoreceptors with high sensitivity to movement, namely Aβ fibers, are believed to be responsible. It is not yet known whether just one particular movement sensitive mechanoreceptor or all of them contribute to allodynic pain. There is a general consensus that continuous C-fiber activity at the location of the initial stimulus is responsible for maintaining allodynia.

</doc>
<doc id="20519383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519383" title="French corvette Var (1806)">
French corvette Var (1806)

The Var was a 22-gun store ship of the French Navy.
On 14 February 1809, sailing North of Corfu under frigate captain Paulin, she was chased by HMS "Belle Poule". "Var" retreated to Vlorë, hoping that the forts of the harbour would aid her; support did not come, however, and "Var" was captured the next day. Paulin was acquitted of blame for the loss of his ship on 16 April 1814. "Var" was brought into British service as HMS "Chichester".
On 2 May 1811, as she sailed under Captain William Kirby, she was wrecked in Madras roads with the loss of two.

</doc>
<doc id="20519384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519384" title="List of University of Nevada, Reno people">
List of University of Nevada, Reno people

Over the years, the University of Nevada, Reno has had an assortment of people gain regional, national, and international prominence in various fields of study.

</doc>
<doc id="20519394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519394" title="Ladeira da Preguica">
Ladeira da Preguica

The Ladeira da Preguiça ("steep street of Laziness"), located at the traditional Dois de Julho neighbourhood in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil, is an important way from a historical and cultural perspective.
History.
The Ladeira da Preguiça was one of the first three slopes built in Salvador (probably, at the 17th century), just after the opening of the steep streets of Misericórdia and Conceição. They fulfilled the role of connect the city harbour (Downtown Salvador) with the "Cidade Alta" (Uptown Salvador). Its bygone importance can be measured by the fact that gave its name to the Dois de Julho beach: "Litoral da Preguiça" ("Coast of Laziness").
Gradually neglected in favour of easier and faster access roads, today it is in a state of abandonment, surrounded by old ruined houses.
Origin of the name.
The "laziness" quoted in the name of the steep street refers to the fact that the goods were transported from the city harbour to the Cidade Alta on the backs of slaves or in carts pulled by oxen - and pushed by slaves. The former elite, which lived in houses along the route, amused themselves with shouts of "go up, laziness!" when they witness the slaves painfully climbing the slope, weighed down by bags of goods weighing up to 60 kg or pushing carts overstocked.
However, corroborating the folkloric, biased and elitist image that the natives of Bahia (in general) and "soteropolitanos" (in particular) are lazy, the official site of the Tourism Authority of the City of Salvador, supports the thesis stating that the slaves, complaining of the hard labour, said that climb up the slope gave them "laziness."
In popular culture.
One of the most famous references to this steep street was made in the homonymous music "Ladeira da Preguiça", wrote by Gilberto Gil in 1971 and recorded by many Brazilian singers, including Elis Regina.

</doc>
<doc id="20519398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519398" title="Peter Taglianetti">
Peter Taglianetti

Peter A. Taglianetti (born August 15, 1963) is a former NHL defenseman and former college hockey coach at Washington & Jefferson College. He is the father of Pittsburgh Panthers football player Andrew Taglianetti and former Pitt football player, Jon. The boys are twins. and is also a former Pittsburgh Penguins broadcaster.
Personal.
Taglianetti was one of several professional athletes who participated in the Yokozuna Bodyslam Challenge on board the USS "Intrepid" on July 4, 1993. Taglianetti attempted to lift the 568 lb. Yokozuna, but could not get the wrestler to leave his feet.

</doc>
<doc id="20519405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519405" title="Joseph Stroud">
Joseph Stroud

Joseph Stroud, (born 1943, Glendale, California) is an American poet.
Life.
He was educated at the University of San Francisco, California State University at Los Angeles, and San Francisco State University. He is currently retired from teaching at Cabrillo College.
He has published five collections of poetry, most recently "Of This World; New and Selected Poems" (Copper Canyon Press, 2008) and "Country of Light "(Copper Canyon Press, 2004). His work earned a Pushcart Prize in 2000 and has been featured on Garrison Keillor's Writer's Almanac. He was also a finalist for the Northern California Book Critics Award in 2005 and a year later was selected for a Witter Bynner Fellowship in poetry from the Library of Congress.
Varied in subject and form, Stroud’s poems include six-line lyrics, narrative prose poems, odes, homages, sustained contemplations, suites, and brief epigrammatic offerings. However it is substance, whatever form it takes, that interests him. His poetry articulates a voyage through places and times and voices, often sifting through the details of daily life, searching for miracles (“Inside the pear there’s a paradise we will never know, our only hint the sweetness of its taste.” - Comice, "Below Cold Mountain").
He divides his time between his home in Santa Cruz, California, and a cabin in the Sierra Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20519406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519406" title="Is Everybody Happy? (1929 film)">
Is Everybody Happy? (1929 film)

Is Everybody Happy? (1929) is an American musical film starring Ted Lewis, Alice Day, Lawrence Grant, Ann Pennington, and Julia Swayne Gordon, directed by Archie Mayo, and released by Warner Brothers. The music for the film was written by Harry Akst and Grant Clarke, except for "St. Louis Blues" by W. C. Handy and "Tiger Rag". The film's title takes its name from Lewis's famous catchphrase "Is everybody happy?"
The film's soundtrack exists on Vitaphone discs preserved at the UCLA Film and Television Archive but the film itself is considered a lost film.
Lewis and his orchestra also appeared in a short subject called "Is Everybody Happy?" consisting of musical numbers cut from the Abbott and Costello feature film "Hold That Ghost" (1941) released by Universal Studios. Columbia Pictures released a feature-length biopic of Lewis also titled "Is Everybody Happy?" (1943).

</doc>
<doc id="20519435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519435" title="Ken Priestlay">
Ken Priestlay

Kenneth Priestlay (born August 24, 1967 in Vancouver, British Columbia and raised in Richmond, British Columbia) is a former ice hockey player, with a career spanning the NHL, the WHL, AHL and the IHL, and numerous British leagues. He won two Stanley Cups with Pittsburgh, played for Team Canada, and won all major trophies in Britain with the Sheffield Steelers.
Statistics.
Source: www.hockeydb.com
Bibliography.
An autobiography was co-written with Bob Westerdale entitled "Lord Of The Rinks", published by Breedon Books Publishing in Sept 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20519476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519476" title="Internet Invention">
Internet Invention

Internet Invention is a book by Gregory Ulmer. The book describes Ulmer's definition of "electracy" (as opposed to orality or literacy) and leads readers through activities that ask them to examine their interactions with four discourses, which Ulmer labels career, family, entertainment, and community.
Mystory.
""To approach knowledge from the side of not knowing what it is, from the side of one who is learning, not from that of one who already knows, is mystory.""
--Gregory Ulmer, "Teletheory"
Mystory is the name of a new pedagogical genre created by Ulmer in his book "Teletheory". It was a response to a suggestion by Hayden White that if the concept of history had been invented in the twentieth century rather than the nineteenth, it would be quite different. The idea was that if people had begun serious study of the past in the twentieth century rather than the nineteenth, the result would be quite different than what it is today.
Mystory is Ulmer's new approach towards learning in general. A mystory itself is a website created by the student that explores the four discourses (career, family, entertainment, and community) and then has the students find links between the various discourses to gain a new understanding of how they think. The final synthesis of these ideas is represented by a self-created emblem that represents the student, their history, and their method of thinking.
The final product of the mystory is to have a new approach to learning that allows them to learn better than they would by following the standard methods of learning usually propagated within colleges and universities. By learning to learn based on themselves and their own culture rather than the culture of the school, the students gain a deeper understanding of what they're learning. In addition, this new vantage point towards knowledge aids in thinking about problems and issues in society, which is part of the EmerAgency concept.
The idea behind the mystory comes from Ulmer's attempt to create electracy and the EmerAgency. The mystory site allows for students to re-evaluate their ways of thinking and then apply that to situations and ideas that the EmerAgency would deal with.
EmerAgency.
When Gregory Ulmer announced to his father and uncle that he was changing his major in college from Economics and Political Science to English, they were astonished, believing that such a degree would have no practical value. However, Ulmer contends that no issue in the world can be solved without considering the human aspect of it. The EmerAgency is Ulmer’s real life study of whether English can help to solve issues by considering them in light of humanity. He believes that this can be done through electracy, and if so, he posits that there is practical value in the field of English.
The EmerAgency is composed of those individuals who are building a widesite based on the exercises in "Internet Invention". Through application in those individuals’ widesites, Ulmer is building the EmerAgency, which he describes as being “a conceptual consulting agency.” Because the EmerAgency was created to build a mass of consultants who are all working on this same question, the members of the EmerAgency take on the slogan, “Problems B Us."
Style.
"Internet Invention" is roughly divided into four sections, each one covering one of the four discourses. Each chapter is further divided into smaller topics that loosely build upon each other with a series of concepts, examples, and exercises for the reader. Keeping in line with the concept of electracy, Ulmer borrows concepts and terms from many different sources to describe his ideas, although the background information describing these terms is often kept to a bare minimum or absent. Likewise, the examples he offers to illustrate the concepts are taken from many different writers and outside sources. Interestingly, apart from the handful of images that appear on the title pages of major sections of the book, "Internet Invention" contains no images, despite the interplay between images and text being a major focus in the book and the concept of electracy itself.
Ulmer's prose is complex, and the sheer number of specialized terms and prerequisite knowledge required to understand all of the concepts offered within make "Internet Invention" more accessible to those who have adequate knowledge of rhetoric and writing. The book is laid out in a way that makes it ideal for study in a class or for individual reading.
Postmodern Influences.
In "Internet Invention", Ulmer draws heavily on a number of theorists who are considered postmodern or poststructuralist. Specifically, Jacques Derrida’s work is referenced throughout the book, and Derrida plays a central role in Ulmer’s own Mystory, as it takes shape throughout the book. In some senses, "Internet Invention" is at least in part an attempt to apply several Derridean ideas to the field of communication and technology. To this extent, the book is a successor to one of Ulmer’s earlier works, "Applied Grammatology", his 1985 book that attempts to frame a practical pedagogy based largely on Derrida’s "Of Grammatology".
Another central figure is Roland Barthes, particularly in context of Barthes discussion of the photographic image. Barthes’s concepts of the studium and the punctum figure heavily in Ulmer’s description of the mechanism by which images are read.
Other significant postmodern figures whom Ulmer references include Martin Heidegger, Michel Foucault, Algirdas Greimas, Terry Eagleton, Gilles Deleuze, and Giorgio Agamben. 
"Internet Invention" goes beyond simply using references to specific authors who fall under the umbrella of postmodernism. Both the concepts and the presentation of the book owe much to postmodern thought. Ulmer’s thought and presentation throughout the work relies on highly idiosyncratic juxtaposition of concepts as well as the use of extended excerpts from other texts worked into each chapter, resulting in a type of verbal collage.
Reviewers have seen Ulmer’s use of postmodern theory and style in "Internet Invention" as both a strong point of the work as well as a potential liability, particularly for use among undergraduate students unfamiliar with the figures and concepts he draws on. In reviewing "Internet Invention" for "Enculturation", Jenny Edbauer writes:
“Users will necessarily find Internet Invention’s language dis/re/orienting, for electracy itself is a reorientation of literacy . . . Though I hope Internet Invention is indeed the first of a new generation of writing texts, as Michael Salvo’s blurb says on the back cover, I fear that its squeals, stammers, and uncoordinated leaps will scare away many instructors.”
Chidsey Dickson, in a review for "Kairos", suggests that a cross-referenced glossary would be a valuable addition given the wide array of names, terms, and concepts used in the book.
At the same time, the book has also been praised as an excellent example of making key concepts of postmodernity relevant and practical. Julie Kearney, in her review of the book for "Computers and Composition Online", states that: 
“Ulmer tackles the complexities of the cutting edge theory and practice of electronic discourse from a detailed, innovative, and intelligent perspective.”

</doc>
<doc id="20519489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519489" title="Heinrich (farmer)">
Heinrich (farmer)

Heinrich is the name of a German farmer, who was looking for a woman in the German TV show "Farmer Wants a Wife". He sang a song about his life as shepherd.
He lives with 400 animals and his mother in his farm in the "Hellweg Börde". One of his songs, "Das Schäferlied" (""The shepherd song""), which he sang often at village festivals, was recorded with EMI Music. The song was a top 10 hit in Germany and reached No.6.

</doc>
<doc id="20519513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519513" title="Wag Islands">
Wag Islands

The Wag Islands are an uninhabited Canadian arctic islands group in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. They are irregularly shaped and are located at the mouth of Chesterfield Inlet. The Inuit hamlet of Chesterfield Inlet is located to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20519514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519514" title="Song for the Life">
Song for the Life

"Song for the Life" is the title of a country music song written by American singer Rodney Crowell. Crowell first recorded the song in 1978 on his debut album "Ain't Living Long Like This", and since then, the song has been covered by several other artists. One version, recorded by Alan Jackson, was released as a single in 1995, and was a Top Ten country hit for him that year. 
Recording history.
The first version of "Song for the Life" was recorded by The Seldom Scene on their 1976 album The New Seldom Scene Album, with John Starling singing the lead. Singer/songwriter Jonathan Edwards also recorded the song on his 1976 release "Rockin Chair" produced by Brian Ahern. The following year Rodney Crowell put it on his 1977 debut album "Ain't Living Long Like This", with backing vocals from Willie Nelson, Emmylou Harris and Nicolette Larson. Jerry Jeff Walker covered the song on his 1977 album "Man Must Carry On", as did Johnny Cash on his 1978 album "Gone Girl", John Denver on his 1980 album "Autograph", Waylon Jennings on his 1982 album "Black on Black", Kathy Mattea on her 1986 album "Walk the Way the Wind Blows". Mattea's version of the song was the b-side to her 1987 single "You're the Power". A version was also recorded by The Waterboys for their album Room to Roam in 1990, but wasn't released until 2008 on the remastered edition of the same album.
Alan Jackson recorded it for his 1994 album "Who I Am". Jackson was the only artist to release his rendition as a single, doing so in early 1995 and reaching Top Ten on the country charts with it. 
Critical reception.
Jackson's rendition of the song is mainly backed by steel-string acoustic guitar and piano, with electric guitar and pedal steel guitar solos preceding the final chorus. His rendition was given favorable reviews: Mario Tarradell of the "Dallas Morning News" called it "the quintessential Alan Jackson ballad", and Thom Jurek of Allmusic said, "in a version that rivals Crowell's own, Jackson's balladry in three-fourths time is heartbreakingly beautiful." Ron Young of the "San Antonio Express-News" said that although it "pales next to Jerry Jeff Walker's, it's a good attempt and an excellent choice."
Chart performance.
Jackson's rendition debuted at number 73 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts dated for February 11, 1995. It peaked at number 6 on the week of May 6. 

</doc>
<doc id="20519525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519525" title="Inferior alveolar nerve anaesthesia">
Inferior alveolar nerve anaesthesia

Inferior alveolar nerve anesthesia (or anaesthesia), also known as the inferior alveolar nerve block or IANB, is a technique for dental anesthesia, used to cause numbness to the areas of the face innervated by the inferior alveolar nerve; namely, the lower lip and the teeth and gingiva of the mandible. This procedure attempts to anaesthetise the inferior alveolar nerve prior to it entering the mandibular foramen.
The inferior alveolar nerve is a branch of the mandibular nerve, which is itself the third branch or division of the trigeminal nerve, the fifth (V) cranial nerve.
Symptoms of anesthesia.
Administration of anesthesia near the mandibular foramen causes blockage of the inferior alveolar nerve and the nearby lingual nerve by diffusion (includes supplying the tongue). This causes patients to lose sensation in:
Another symptom is harmless numbness and tingling of the body of the tongue and floor of the mouth, which indicates that the lingual nerve, a branch of the mandibular nerve, is anesthetized. Another symptom that can occur is “lingual shock” as the needle passes by the lingual nerve during administration. The patient may make an involuntary movement, varying from a slight opening of the eyes to jumping in the chair. This symptom is only momentary, and anesthesia will quickly occur.
Injection techniques.
There are a number of techniques that are commonly used to achieve inferior alveolar nerve anesthesia. The most commonly used techniques involve an attempted block of an entire portion of the inferior alveolar nerve:

</doc>
<doc id="20519545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519545" title="French corvette Dromadaire (1810)">
French corvette Dromadaire (1810)

The Dromadaire was a 24-gun store ship of the French Navy.
On 29 March 1811, she departed Toulon under "ensiegne de vaiseeau" Morin, carrying gunpowder and ammunition for Corfu, escorted by the frigates "Adrienne" and "Amélie". Two days later, the ships ran across a British squadron comprising HMS "Unite" and HMS "Ajax". "Ajax" captured "Dromadaire", while the frigates managed to escape to Portoferraio. Captain Otway of "Ajax" reported that "Dromadaire" was frigate-built and sailed remarkably well. Her cargo consisted of 15,000 shot and shells of various sizes and 90 tons of gunpowder. Apparently Napoleon Bonaparte intended them as a present for Hammuda ibn Ali, the Bey of Tunis.
Morin was acquitted for the loss of his ship on 28 December 1811.
Admiral Sir Charles Cotton, commander in chief of the British Mediterranean Fleet, decided to buy her and her stores for the Royal Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="20519551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519551" title="Monte Resegone">
Monte Resegone

Monte Resegone or Resegone di Lecco (also Monte Serrada) is a mountain in the Bergamo subrange of the Alps, in northern Italy. It has an elevation of 1,875 m and is located on the border between the provinces of Bergamo and Lecco.
Overview.
It towers over the city of Lecco and the southern end of Lake Como. The mountain is so named because of its resemblance to a saw (in Lombard "resegare" means "to saw" ) as it has eleven summits of similar height. The highest of these summits, Punta Cermenati, reaches 1,875 m above sea level and towers 1500m above the valley below. 
The mountain is popular with both hikers and climbers with many maintained paths and Via ferratas as well as much opportunity for rock climbing on the south and west walls of the northern summits. 
Most routes start from the villages of Morterone, Piani d'Erna and Erve and ascend the various canalones (canyons) that lie between the different summits. Just below the Punta Cermenati at 1860 meters sits the Luigi Azzoni mountain hut.
Italian author Alessandro Manzoni made Resegone (which he called Monte Serrada) the backdrop for some of the scenes in his novel "The Betrothed" (in Italian "I Promessi sposi").

</doc>
<doc id="20519562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519562" title="King Shot">
King Shot

King Shot is an unrealized film by Alejandro Jodorowsky. It was to have been co-produced by David Lynch and was scheduled for release in 2010. The cast included Nick Nolte, Asia Argento, Marilyn Manson, Udo Kier, and Santiago Segura. In a November 2009 interview with "The Guardian", Jodorowsky revealed the project had been cancelled due to lack of funding.
Jodorowsky described the film, which would have been his first since the 1990 film "The Rainbow Thief", as a "metaphysical gangster movie." The story was set in a casino in the desert and involved gangsters, the discovery of a man as big as King Kong, and Marilyn Manson as a 300 year old pope.

</doc>
<doc id="20519569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519569" title="Dimension theory (algebra)">
Dimension theory (algebra)

In mathematics, dimension theory is a branch of commutative algebra studying the notion of the dimension of a commutative ring, and by extension that of a scheme.
The theory is much simpler for an affine ring; i.e., an integral domain that is a finitely generated algebra over a field. By Noether's normalization lemma, the Krull dimension of such a ring is the transcendence degree over the base field and the theory runs in parallel with the counterpart in algebraic geometry; cf. Dimension of an algebraic variety. The general theory tends to be less geometrical; in particular, very little works/is known for non-noetherian rings. (Kaplansky's commutative rings gives a good account of the non-noetherian case.) Today, a standard approach is essentially that of Bourbaki and EGA, which makes essential use of graded modules and, among other things, emphasizes the role of multiplicities, the generalization of the degree of a projective variety. In this approach, Krull's principal ideal theorem appears as a corollary.
Throughout the article, formula_1 denotes Krull dimension of a ring and formula_2 the height of a prime ideal (i.e., the Krull dimension of the localization at that prime ideal.)
Basic results.
Let "R" be a noetherian ring or valuation ring. Then
If "R" is noetherian, this follows from the fundamental theorem below (in particular, Krull's principal ideal theorem.) But it is also a consequence of the more precise result. For any prime ideal formula_4 in "R",
This can be shown within basic ring theory (cf. Kaplansky, commutative rings). By the way, it says in particular that in each fiber of formula_9, one cannot have a chain of primes ideals of length formula_10.
Since an artinian ring (e.g., a field) has dimension zero, by induction, one gets the formula: for an artinian ring "R",
Fundamental theorem.
Let formula_12 be a noetherian local ring and "I" a formula_13-primary ideal (i.e., it sits between some power of formula_13 and formula_13). Let formula_16 be the Poincaré series of the associated graded ring formula_17. That is,
where formula_19 refers to the length of a module (over an artinian ring formula_20). If formula_21 generate "I", then their image in formula_22 have degree 1 and generate formula_23 as formula_24-algebra. By the Hilbert–Serre theorem, "F" is a rational function with exactly one pole at formula_25 of order, say, "d". It also says (contained in the proof) that formula_26. Since
we find that, for "n" large, the coefficient of formula_28 in formula_29 is of the form
That is to say, formula_31 is a polynomial formula_32 in "n" of degree formula_33 when "n" is large. "P" is called the Hilbert polynomial of formula_23.
We set formula_35. We also set formula_36 to be the minimum number of elements of "R" that can generate a formula_13-primary ideal of "R". Our ambition is to prove the fundamental theorem:
Since we can take "s" to be formula_36, we already have formula_40 from the above. Next we prove formula_41 by induction on formula_42. Let formula_43 be a chain of prime ideals in "R". Let formula_44 and "x" a nonzero nonunit element in "D". Since "x" is not a zero-divisor, we have the exact sequence
The degree bound of the Hilbert-Samuel polynomial now implies that formula_46. (This essentially follows from the Artin-Rees lemma; see Hilbert-Samuel function for the statement and the proof.) In formula_47, the chain formula_48 becomes a chain of length formula_49 and so, by inductive hypothesis and again by the degree estimate,
The claim follows. It now remains to show formula_51 More precisely, we shall show:
(Notice: formula_55 is then formula_13-primary.) The proof is omitted. It appears, for example, in Atiyah–MacDonald. But it can also be supplied privately; the idea is to use prime avoidance.
Consequences of the fundamental theorem.
Let formula_12 be a noetherian local ring and put formula_58. Then
(Krull's principal ideal theorem) The height of the ideal generated by elements formula_21 in a noetherian ring "R" is at most "s". Conversely, a prime ideal of height "s" can be generated by "s" elements.
Proof: Let formula_4 be a prime ideal minimal over such an ideal. Then formula_66. The converse was shown in the course of the proof of the fundamental theorem.
If formula_67 is a morphism of noetherian local rings, then
The equality holds if formula_67 is flat or more generally if it has the going-down property. (Here, formula_70 is thought of as a special fiber.)
Proof: Let formula_71 generate a formula_72-primary ideal and formula_73 be such that their images generate a formula_74-primary ideal. Then formula_75 for some "s". Raising both sides to higher powers, we see some power of formula_76 is contained in formula_77; i.e., the latter ideal is formula_76-primary; thus, formula_79. The equality is a straightforward application of the going-down property.
If "R" is a noetherian local ring, then
Proof: If formula_81 are a chain of prime ideals in "R", then formula_82 while formula_83. For the reverse inequality, let formula_84 be a maximal ideal of formula_85. Since formula_86 is a principal ideal domain, we get <math>1 + \operatorname{dim} R \ge 1 + \operatorname{dim} R_\mathfrak{p} \ge \operatorname{dim} Rby the previous inequality. Since formula_84 is arbitrary, this implies formula_88.
Regular rings.
Let "R" be a noetherian ring. The projective dimension of a finite "R"-module "M" is the shortest length of any projective resolution of "R" (possibly infinite) and is denoted by formula_89. We set formula_90; it is called the global dimension of "R".
Assume "R" is local with residue field "k".
Proof: We claim: for any finite "R"-module "M",
By dimension shifting (cf. the proof of Theorem of Serre below), it is enough to prove this for formula_92. But then, by the local criterion for flatness, formula_93
Now, 
completing the proof.
Proof: If formula_95, then "M" is "R"-free and thus formula_96 is formula_97-free. Next suppose formula_98. Then we have: formula_99 when formula_100 is the kernel of some surjection from a free module to "M". Thus, by induction, it is enough to consider the case formula_101. Then there is a projective resolution:
which gives: 
But tensoring formula_104 with "M" we see the first term vanishes. Hence, formula_105 is at most 1.
Proof: If "R" is regular, we can write formula_106, formula_107 a regular system of parameters. An exact sequence formula_108, some "f" in the maximal ideal, of finite modules, formula_109, gives us:
But "f" here is zero since it kills "k". Thus, formula_111 and consequently formula_112. Using this, we get:
The proof of the converse is by induction on formula_114. We begin with the inductive step. Set formula_115, formula_116 among a system of parameters. To show "R" is regular, it is enough to show formula_97 is regular. But, since formula_118, by inductive hypothesis and the preceding lemma with formula_119,
The basic step remains. Suppose formula_121. We claim formula_122 if it is finite. (This would imply that "R" is a semisimple ring; i.e., a field.) If that is not the case, then there is some finite module formula_123 with formula_124 and thus in fact we can find "M" with formula_101. By Nakayama's lemma, there is a surjection formula_126 such that formula_127 is an isomorphism. Denoting by "K" the kernel we have:
Since formula_129, "K" is free. Since formula_121, the maximal ideal formula_13 is an associated prime of "R"; i.e., formula_132 for some "s" in "R". Since formula_133, formula_134. Since "K" is not zero, this implies formula_135, which is absurd. The proof is complete.
Depths.
Let "R" be a ring and "M" a module over it. A sequence of elements formula_71 in formula_137 is called a regular sequence if formula_138 is not a zero-divisor on formula_123 and formula_140 is not a zero divisor on formula_141 for each formula_142.
Assume "R" is local with maximal ideal "m". Then the depth of "M" is the supremum of any maximal regular sequence formula_140 in "m". It is easy to show (by induction, for example) that formula_144. If the equality holds, "R" is called the Cohen–Macaulay ring.
The Auslander–Buchsbaum formula relates depth and projective dimension.

</doc>
<doc id="20519579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519579" title="Jean-Pierre Filiu">
Jean-Pierre Filiu

Jean-Pierre Filiu (Paris, 1961) is professor of Middle East studies at Sciences Po, Paris School of International Affairs. A historian and an arabist, he has also been visiting professor at Columbia University (New York, NY) and Georgetown University (Washington, DC). He has been invited as a guest speaker to various American universities and think tanks, including the Harvard Kennedy School (Cambridge, MA) and the James Baker Institute (Houston, TX). His "Apocalypse in Islam" was awarded the main prize (Augustin-Thierry) by the French History convention (Rendez-vous de l'Histoire), held every October in the city of Blois (this book, published in 2011 by the University of California Press is a in-depth study of Islamic eschatology and its contemporary narratives).
Before joining Sciences Po in 2006, Jean-Pierre Filiu was a career-diplomat who served as a junior officer in Jordan and the USA, before becoming the French Deputy Chief of Mission (DCM) in Syria (1996–99) and in Tunisia (2002-2006). Filiu was also diplomatic adviser to the French minister of Interior (1990–91), the minister of Defense (1991–93) and the Prime Minister (2000-2002). He was one of the ten independent experts that President François Hollande designated to contribute to the 2013 White Book for National Defense and Security.
Jean-Pierre Filiu authored some ten books, including "The Arab Revolution, ten lessons from the democratic uprising", written in English and published in 2011 by C. Hurst & Co. (in the UK) and Oxford University Press (in the USA). This was the first academic attempt at explaining the movement that led to the demise of the presidents of Tunisia and Egypt in January–February 2011. His previous research focused on the multi-faceted adaptation of Islam to globalized modernity. He described the conflicting dialectics between local and global jihad. And he highlighted how radical movements try to "modernize" traditional concepts, giving them a new meaning previously unknown in Islam, for instance in the case of the caliphate. His works have been translated and/or published in a dozen languages.
He has been interviewed by Christiane Amanpour, by BBC/The World and is a frequent guest to the English-speaking France 24 Channel. He has also published two graphic novels, including Best of Enemies (SelfMadeHero, 2012), illustrated by David B. Finally, he wrote the lyrics of two popular songs, one about life in the Gaza strip, the other about the Syrian revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="20519590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519590" title="Damiano Brigo">
Damiano Brigo

Damiano Brigo (Venice Italy 1966) is an applied mathematician, and current Gilbart Chair of Financial Mathematics at King's College London, known for a number of results in systems theory, probability and mathematical finance.
Main results.
Brigo started his work with the development, with Bernard Hanzon and Francois Le Gland (1998), of the projection filters, a family of approximate nonlinear filters based on the differential geometry approach to statistics, also related to information geometry. With Fabio Mercurio (2002–2003), he has shown how to construct stochastic differential equations consistent with mixture models, applying this to volatility smile modeling in the context of local volatility models. With Aurelien Alfonsi (2005), Brigo introduced new families of multivariate distributions in statistics through the periodic copula function concept. Since 2002, Brigo contributed to credit derivatives modeling and counterparty risk, showing with Pallavicini and Torresetti (2007) how data implied non-negligible probability that several names defaulted together, showing some large default clusters and a concrete risk of high losses in collateralized debt obligations prior to the financial crisis of 2007–2008. This work has been further updated in 2010 leading to a volume for Wiley. Overall Brigo authored more than forty publications and co-authored the book "Interest rate models: theory and practice" for Springer-Verlag, that quickly became an international reference for stochastic dynamic interest rate modeling in finance.
Current and past affiliations.
Brigo is currently Managing Director at Fitch Solutions in London. Brigo has also been fixed income professor at the Bocconi University of Milan. He is currently the Gilbart Chair of Financial Mathematics at King's College London, Visiting Professor at the Department of Mathematics of Imperial College and adjunct professor at the University of Essex. Brigo is also Managing Editor of the International Journal of Theoretical and Applied Finance for World Scientific.
Brigo holds a PhD in Mathematics from the Free University of Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="20519591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519591" title="Hugh Bolton">
Hugh Bolton

Hugh Edward "Yug" Bolton (April 15, 1929 in Toronto, Ontario – October 17, 1999 in Etobicoke, Ontario) was an NHL defenceman.

</doc>
<doc id="20519592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519592" title="Richard A. Bennett">
Richard A. Bennett

Richard A."Rick" Bennett (born May 24, 1963) is an American politician from the state of Maine. Bennett serves as Chairman of GMI Ratings, an independent research firm which focuses on corporate governance, director/executive compensation and forensic accounting. In 2012, Bennett was included in the NACD Directorship 100’s most influential people in the boardroom and corporate governance community.
An Oxford resident, Bennett served as the President of the Maine Senate. He became Senate President due to a unique power sharing agreement between Republicans and Democrats, predicated by an even split in state senators. The deal gave the presidency to both parties for one year each during the two-year term of the senate.
Bennett served four terms in the Maine Senate, two terms in the Maine House of Representatives and in 1994 he was the Republican nominee for Congress in Maine’s second district, losing to John Baldacci in a close race. On May 2, 2008 he was elected to a four-year term as Maine’s Republican National Committeeman.
In 2006, he considered running for Governor of Maine, but instead decided to remain in the private sector. His name was widely circulated as a possible candidate for the Republican nomination for governor in 2010, though he ultimately decided against running. In November 2012, Bennett sought the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate Seat vacated by Olympia Snowe, but he was defeated by Maine Secretary of State Charlie Summers.
On July 20, 2013, Bennett was elected chairman of the Maine Republican Party, replacing former State Representative Richard Cebra of Naples.

</doc>
<doc id="20519605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519605" title="Nabholz Construction">
Nabholz Construction

Nabholz Construction is widely recognized as one of the top commercial general contactors/construction managers in the United States. It has been listed by Engineering News Record (ENR) magazine as one of the Top 400 General Contractors every year since 1986, currently the company is ranked #121.
Overview.
According to their website, "Nabholz offers a variety of specialized service groups and delivery formats, providing a complete construction and management services for almost any size and type of building program."
The Nabholz family of companies has received dozens of awards for quality and industry excellence, including national recognition for jobsite safety from the United States Department of Labor.
As of 2006, Nabholz Construction was ranked as the 3rd largest Commercial Contractor in Arkansas.
History.
Nabholz began almost by accident. Back in 1949, R. D. “Bob” Nabholz was building a home for his future bride. Another gentleman made an offer on the home, which Bob accepted – using the profits to build more houses and, later, duplexes. Commercial projects followed, and Nabholz Construction was born.
The company was a family endeavor from the beginning, with brothers Bob, Ed, Tom and Charles all contributing to the growing business. In 1951, the company’s in-house millwork shop was established and, four years later, Nabholz Construction was incorporated in the state of Arkansas.
Just ten years after Bob’s original home sale, Nabholz Construction celebrated its first $1 million project for Arkansas Children’s Colony.
In 1961, the Nabholz brothers recognized a need within the industry for pre-engineered metal buildings. Charles Nabholz formed Conark Builders, a merit shop general contractor focusing on pre-engineered metal building applications. The company began with several medical clinic projects, and then progressed to larger commercial construction. It was incorporated just one year later in 1962.
As both companies grew, the brothers realized that encouraging a foundation of skilled craftsmen would benefit the entire industry. So, in the early 1970s, they developed in-house carpentry and bricklaying apprenticeship programs, now known as Nabholz University. They were the first contractor-sponsored apprenticeship programs approved by the U.S. Department of Labor in Arkansas, and have grown into an important center of industry education. Nabholz University has produced more than 100 journeyman carpenters to date.
Around 1976, Nabholz Construction transitioned into a merit shop general contracting company. By this time, the Nabholz team had earned a reputation in the construction community, working closely with customers and operating with uncompromising integrity. In 1985, Nabholz was listed among the Engineering News Record Top 400 Building Contractors, and has been a fixture on that list ever since.
The 1990s brought growth for Nabholz. In 1990, the company reached $100 million in sales for the first time. That same year, Nabholz Client Service was established and Nabholz Construction expanded into the Northwest Arkansas and Oklahoma markets. Northwest Excavation and Nabholz Industrial Services were founded in 1993, followed by more expansion as the company entered the Missouri market in 1996, Kansas in 2004 and Northeast Arkansas in 2005.
Nabholz University.
Nabholz University was founded in 1973 and was the first non-union accredited carpentry apprenticeship program in the state of Arkansas.
It has recently grown into the department that handles all of Nabholz Construction's training needs.
Green Initiative.
In 2002, Nabholz became a member of the U.S. Green Building Council. The company remains committed to sustainable construction practices, waste recycling and energy efficiency, and actively pursues Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) accreditation for employees at all levels. In 2008, the company was ranked by ENR magazine at #90 on the list of Top Green Contractors in the United States.
Nabholz Construction created a position specifically for their Sustainable Initiative in 2007 and is currently held by Mary Laurie.

</doc>
<doc id="20519619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519619" title="Walk the Way the Wind Blows">
Walk the Way the Wind Blows

Walk the Way the Wind Blows is the third album released by American country music singer Kathy Mattea. It was released in 1986 (see 1986 in country music) on Mercury Records. This album produced Mattea's first Top Ten country hit in "Love at the Five and Dime", which reached #3 on the "Billboard" country charts. Following this song were three more Top Ten hits: the title track at #10, "You're the Power" at #5, and "Train of Memories" at #6.
"Love at the Five and Dime", which features backing vocals from Don Williams, was also recorded by Nanci Griffith on her 1986 album "The Last of the True Believers". "Song for the Life" has been covered by several artists, and was originally recorded by Rodney Crowell on his 1977 debut "Ain't Livin' Long Like This". This song would later be released in 1995 as a single by Alan Jackson.

</doc>
<doc id="20519627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519627" title="Ernie Dickens">
Ernie Dickens

Ernest Leslie Dickens (b. June 25, 1921 in Winnipeg, Manitoba - d. September 27, 1985) was a National Hockey League (NHL) defenceman.

</doc>
<doc id="20519630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519630" title="Illusive Islands">
Illusive Islands

The Illusive Islands are an uninhabited Canadian arctic islands group in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut. They are small, irregularly shaped, and are located mid-channel within Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20519635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519635" title="Stephen Conway">
Stephen Conway

The Right Reverend Stephen David Conway (born 22 December 1957) is the current Bishop of Ely, and was until 6 December 2010 the Bishop of Ramsbury.
Conway was educated at Archbishop Tenison's Grammar School, Keble College, Oxford, and Selwyn College, Cambridge. After a period of study at Westcott House, Cambridge, he was ordained in 1987. His ecclesiastical career began with a curacy at Heworth, Tyne and Wear, after which he was "Director of Ordinands" for the Diocese of Durham and then Priest in Charge (and subsequently Vicar) of Cockerton. From here he became Senior Chaplain to the Bishop of Durham, Michael Turnbull, and subsequently Archdeacon of Durham.
On 2 May 2006, his nomination as Bishop of Ramsbury was announced, and he was consecrated on 22 June 2006. Following the retirement of David Stancliffe as Bishop of Salisbury in July 2010, Conway was made responsible for the administration of that diocese. On 31 August 2010, it was announced that he would be the next Bishop of Ely. He was elected by the College of Canons at Ely on 18 October 2010, and the election was confirmed by the provincial court on 6 December 2010, at which point he legally became the Bishop of Ely. His installation and enthronement was held in Ely Cathedral on 5 March 2011.
A keen walker, Conway was a teacher before entering the priesthood.

</doc>
<doc id="20519646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519646" title="Raj Singh, businessman">
Raj Singh, businessman

Sukhraj 'Raj' Singh (born 17 October 1964) is an Indian businessman based in the Tees Valley and proprietor of the multi million pound Prestige Group .
Care homes.
Indian-born Singh is owner of the Stockton-based Prestige Group. His business interests include a number of residential care homes, a construction company and investment properties across the UK.
Football.
Singh became vice-chairman of Darlington Football Club in October 2008, appointed by then chairman of the club George Houghton until the club went into administration in February 2009. On 28 May, it was announced that he was taking over the club as chairman. On 7 August, Darlington came out of administration and were given permission by the Football League for Singh to take over as new owner and chairman of the club. Singh, together with previous owner Houghton, were confident enough to appoint manager Colin Todd in the interim period, as well as sanctioning contracts for a new playing squad. Shortly after Todd was handed a permanent deal Singh sacked Todd after he failed to win any of his first nine games and appointed Steve Staunton as his second permanent appointment.
In early 2012 Singh decided to cut his losses and placed Darlington Football Club into administration, 7 months after the FA Trophy victory at Wembley in May 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20519650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519650" title="Joe Carveth">
Joe Carveth

Joseph Gordon Carveth (March 21, 1918 – August 15, 1985) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player in the NHL. He was born in Regina, Saskatchewan.

</doc>
<doc id="20519654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519654" title="2008 North African Cup of Champions">
2008 North African Cup of Champions

The 2008 North African Cup of Champions was the first edition of the competition initiated by the North African Football Union (UNAF). Tunisian side Club Africain were crowned champions after beating Moroccan side FAR Rabat 3-2 on penalties in the final, after both legs ended 0-0.
Participating teams.
1 Al Ahly will not compete as they have commitments with the Club World Championship in Japan.
Semi-Final.
Draw.
Second Legs.
"Club Africain advance to the Final with an aggregate score of 3-2"
"FAR Rabat advance to the Final with an aggregate score of 2-1"
3rd/4th Place Play-Off.
There has been an ongoing feud as to who will take 3rd place. Al Ittihad were originally given 3rd place as JS Kabylie did not play a penalty shootout, as they claim they won the tie on away goals. The Algerian club also said that Ittihad had an unfair advantage playing at home in a one-off match. As a result, CAF will meet on January 19 to discuss the match.
The FNAF later decided that the two clubs would share 3rd place, and therefore share the $75,000 prize fund.
Final.
Second leg.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20519685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519685" title="Eastlandah David (Wesonga)">
Eastlandah David (Wesonga)

Wesonga Eastlandah David is a Kenyan artist, journalist, poet, painter, Youth Ambassador, and the 2008 Adeste Gold medal recipient.
Biography.
Early life.
Eastlandah was born in Mumias, Kenya to Pamela Keya and Jackson Keya, a family health officer and an accountant cum farmer. He is the last born in a family of seven, two sisters and five brothers. He attended school in Mumias, St Peter's Primary before moving to Maragoli with his mother where he attended St. Francis Hambale Primary school. He is an avowed critic of fathers and men who relegate family duties. He does not see eye to eye with his father.
2004–2006: college and the aftermath.
Eastlandah David worked at the Mumias posta, before joining college, first Nairobi university, then Daystar university but never graduated from any.
It is alleged that Eastlandah dabbled in drugs during these years, often acting as a middleman, but he's never publicly acknowledged or denied. It is however known that close friends associated with the Eastlandah during this period died or fell off the public eye under mysterious circumstances, and most were known drug lords. He however admits in interviews that most of these years were spent on the streets trying to "make an honest dime". Most of his poetic pieces have veiled references to these years in the cold.
2008–present: Eastlandah.
Eastlandah David founded Eastlandah - the company in 2008 and later on the group in 2009. A futuristic media group, with stakes in recording studios, modeling, management and online media. He is the founder of Afrizo corporate communications and holds stakes in various listed companies in Kenya.
In 2009, Eastlandah was made a youth ambassador by the youth movement international, in a drive to help the U.N. achieve its goals for a positive society. He was later on awarded the Adeste gold Medal, an award to "unsung under 40 heroes of the society", in recognition of his fight for human equity through arts and the written word. It was officially presented to him in Nairobi in April 2009. He was the youngest individual inducted into the international library hall of fame, as a silver entrant for his wide ranging works, and still is an avowed preacher of "raw" forms of arts.
2008–present: personal life.
Eastlandah David has had numerous run ins with various entities in his life. His personal life is as colorful and complicated as has been his few years around. From reports that he got a child via surrogacy to others that he is an artist of the wild taking advantage of the ignorant, he seems to elicit mixed reactions upon mention of his name. In 2006, it is known Eastlandah was in a relationship with an unknown woman. He was also at some point engaged to Carol, with whom the break-up largely resulted in a meltdown. It was through this period that he deteriorated, from a sober mind to an alcoholic who relied on alcohol to work. It is understood that the break-up resulted in his quitting live performances as this was the last time he was seen performing on stage and has since stopped his performances. Eastlandah also dated Josephine, a camera lady, and though never substantiated, he is said to have been in a relationship with Carol Kinuthia. At the moment, it is said his first child was conceived of a surrogate mother. He is on record as to having said he is contemplating joining servant-hood and dedicating his life to service and philanthropy. In a live interview, he admitted his relationships have left him broken and hurt and he was in no shape to ever love a woman the way he's loved those who loved him then.
Eastlandah was known for his abrasive approach to work, often appearing in hoods and jeans at Nation Media Group, and unapologetically telling off his seniors. He resigned from N.M.G. following an unknown scandal and eventually retired at a young age from media. At the time of quitting, he was working on IPTV. He was declared bankrupt after this, but also had a show in with the law when tax returns showed he'd not substantiated his income. It is not known whether he did a prison term but he dropped off the radar for the better part of 2010 only to be said to be living as a recluse.
After winning the Adeste award, it was rumoured that he was gay, after comments attributed to him in public in support of gay individuals. He has however clarified saying he meant every human being deserves his entitled rights, but never denied or confirmed being gay personally. It is not known whether he is religious but he has Rastafarian credentials. He is said to be a practising Buddhist, a practise he picked during his stint in Cambodia in 2011.
As of 2012, Eastlandah is said to make his home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and an unknown locale in Kenya where he spends time painting and writing as a recluse and with limited touch with the outside world.
Poetry and writing.
Poetry and themes.
Eastlandah David considers himself an underground poet, and never does commercial poetry, save for performances. Known as the "people's poet", his works border on the illicit ends of rhyme and love conjured on streets, and his themes resonate soundly with street life. He has been described as the "inside voice" due to his ability to write from "within" the limit circle, of which one has to be in to bring out so eloquently. He justifies love but chastises and criticises it, social critique is his main forte, but does well with love, violence and madness in equal measures. He began writing at the age of 10 and has done so consistently, save for the few disruptions, when he's been forced to stop out of love.
Though he stopped live performances, he did an epic five-nation tour in 2009, to raise credibility level after being challenged by fellow poet Rodney Kiaka to sound response and overwhelming public support. The tour saw him perform in Nairobi, Johannesburg, Kampala, Maputo and Rwanda.
He is an entrant into the international library of poets hall of fame, as well as a syndicate poet for various organizations.
Word has it that a film based on his life is being shot at unknown locations as of 2011, and will be released 2012.
Influences.
Eastlandah cites Maya Angelou as his main influence. He also notes Bishop, Malcolm X, William Shakespeare, Ben Jonson, Richard Lovelace, Robert Herrick, Edmund Waller, Thomas Carew, William Wordsworth, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Percy Bysshe Shelley, Lord Byron, and John Keats as some of the major factors in his choice of poesy.
Philanthropy.
Eastlandah created the Youth Hall of Fame to help in recognising youth enterprises and efforts. He has performed in poetry concerts to raise funds for both charities and the foundations he is a member of, and launched the Eastlandah Fund, as an endowment to help fund viable online start-ups with a promising future, run by young people. In 2009, Eastlandah initiated the "sanitary towels per term" project to help keep girls in schools, through provision of sanitary towels to at least last each individual a term, It is now an initiative under 'ICONS', another foundation by Eastlandah.
A women's rights activist, Eastlandah plans to launch V-MEN in Kenya to bring together men in the fight against what he terms, "Vaginal violence". His personal "need a hand-here" project will see the first group of bright but needy students graduate from high school.

</doc>
<doc id="20519695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519695" title="Toyota QuickDelivery">
Toyota QuickDelivery

The Toyota QuickDelivery is a commercial van that shares a platform with the Dyna, the Toyoace, and the Hiace. QuickDelivery was introduced in 1982, and allows passengers to walk from the drivers seat to the rear of the vehicle standing upright. The powertrain comes as a rear wheel drive or four wheel drive. It is capable of a 2 ton payload starting with the second generation produced from 1986-1999.
The engines used starting in 1982 began with a 2.4 L and a 2.8 L starting in 1995.
Toyota QuickDelivery (Japanese) http://toyota.jp/quickdelivery200/index.html

</doc>
<doc id="20519705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519705" title="Don Simmons (ice hockey)">
Don Simmons (ice hockey)

Donald William "Dippy" Simmons (September 13, 1931 – September 24, 2010) was a National Hockey League goaltender. He was called up by the Boston Bruins fom the Springfield Indians of the AHL in order to replace an ailing Terry Sawchuck who had left the Bruins in mid season of 1957. He then spent 3 seasons partnering with veteran Harry Lumley as an effective netminding duo in Boston. Simmons was the first Goaltender to adopt the face mask after Jacques Plante introduced it in 1959. Later, Simmons would back up Johnny Bower in Toronto in the early 1960s and was instrumental in the Leafs winning the Stanley Cup in 1962. He finished his career playing with the New York Rangers. Don Simmons was the founder of Don Simmons Sports, a successful Ontario franchise specializing in Goalie Equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="20519723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519723" title="George Ellison (baseball)">
George Ellison (baseball)

George Russell Ellison (January 24, 1897 – January 20, 1978) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched one inning for the Cleveland Indians in . On August 21, he came into a game during a doubleheader against the Boston Red Sox, walking two batters and striking out one without allowing a hit or a run.

</doc>
<doc id="20519733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519733" title="Illusive">
Illusive

Illusive is the adjective form of illusory.
Illusive may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20519734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519734" title="Steve Dillard">
Steve Dillard

Stephen "Steve" Louis A. Dillard (born November 13, 1969 in Nashville, Tennessee) is an American attorney, appellate court judge, political activist, conservative blogger and lecturer. Dillard is the founder/creator of the weblog Appeal," and co-founded Coalition for Darfur" blog, but is no longer a contributor at either blog. Dillard has also been a contributor to several other conservative and Roman Catholic blogs. Recently, Dillard served as an advisor for Republican candidates during the 2008 Presidential campaign. In 2010, Dillard was appointed to fill a vacant judgeship on the Georgia Court of Appeals.
Education and legal career.
Dillard graduated from Samford University and the Mississippi College School of Law (cum laude).
In 1996, he was admitted to practice in Georgia, and he is an active member of the State Bar of Georgia and federal bar associations. Dillard clerked for Judge Daniel Anthony Manion of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Dillard practiced appellate law with the Macon, Georgia law firm of James, Bates, Pope & Spivey LLP until receiving his judgeship appointment in 2010. He also lives in Macon with his wife, the former Krista McDaniel, and their three children. 
On June 1, 2009, Steve Dillard was nominated by Georgia State Senator Cecil Staton (R) to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court of Georgia, and, on July 1, 2009, Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue's Office of Communications announced that the Georgia Judicial Nominating Commission had recommended Dillard as one of nine individuals to fill that vacancy. But in August 2009, Governor Perdue appointed Dillard instead to the Judicial Nominating Commission.
In October 2010, Governor Perdue appointed Dillard to fill one of two vacancies on the Georgia Court of Appeals. Dillard's judicial appointment runs from November 1, 2010 through January 1, 2013. He will be up for election for a full six-year term in July 2012.
Politics and writing.
Dillard's ideology is conservative Republican, federalist, and Roman Catholic. He is a Republican Party activist, and was a delegate for Georgia at the 2008 Republican National Convention. Dillard belongs to the conservative legal organization, The Federalist Society, for which he directs a local chapter. And he has lectured at several law schools on behalf of the Federalist Society, including the University of Notre Dame and Washington and Lee University.
Dillard started the "Southern Appeal" weblog in 2002 while he was serving as a law clerk to Judge Manion. Dillard started blogging under the pseudonym “feddie” (shorthand for "Federalist") to comply with ethics rules required of federal judicial law clerks. After Dillard completed his clerkship, he revealed his identity to the blogosphere. 
Dillard became known in the blogosphere for his commentary on some of President George W. Bush's judicial appointments to the federal courts. Specifically, Dillard wrote in support of William H. Pryor, Jr.'s nomination, and ultimate confirmation, to the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals. But he vigorously opposed Harriet Miers' nomination to the Supreme Court of the United States in 2005, which ended up being withdrawn. Dillard has also blogged in opposition to political candidates who claim to be Roman Catholic - but who have views on abortion that are at odds with the Catholic Church's pro-life position. 
Dillard is also well-known among legal commentators for coining the catchphrase, "stare decisis is fo' suckas." The statement suggests that courts should disregard established legal precedent and make new decisions that are more favorable to Dillard's ideological views. Dillard explains, however, that the slogan conveys his opposition to stare decisis being used as a form of judicial activism. He argues that if a prior court decision "cannot be squared with the plain/original meaning of the Constitution, then that decision should be overruled with impunity, regardless of its jurisprudential vintage." 
In 2005, he and liberal blogger, Eugene Oregon, started "The Coalition for Darfur" blog to help stop the conflict in the Darfur region of Sudan.
In 2010, Campaigns & Elections's Politics Magazine named Dillard as one of the top 50 Republican Influencers in Georgia.
2008 Presidential election work.
In preparation for the 2008 Republican Presidential primary election, Dillard started the advocacy website "Catholics against Rudy" to oppose the candidacy of former New York City mayor, Rudy Giuliani.
Dillard then was a legal and political advisor to the unsuccessful presidential campaign of Governor of Arkansas Mike Huckabee, before finally serving on a steering committee for Senator John McCain during the 2008 Presidential election.

</doc>
<doc id="20519742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519742" title="French corvette Corcyre (1811)">
French corvette Corcyre (1811)

The Corcyre was a 26-gun store ship of the French Navy. She was originally the Russian frigate "Leghoi", captured and brought into French service.
On 27 November 1811, as she sailed escorted by "Uranie" and "Scemplone", ferrying troops and ammunition, she was chased by HMS "Eagle" and captured. Her captain, lieutenant Langlade, was acquitted for the loss of his ship on 16 September 1812.

</doc>
<doc id="20519760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519760" title="One Man's Meat (Viggo Mortensen)">
One Man's Meat (Viggo Mortensen)

"One Man's Meat" is the fifth studio album of the actor Viggo Mortensen released in 1999. It is Viggo's third album to feature avant-garde guitarist Buckethead, as well as his ex wife Exene Cervenka, the keyboardist and producer Travis Dickerson, DJ Bonebrake, and also Lysa Flores, all from the label TDRS Music where Viggo released the album.
The album is long out of print but in 2004 the label released a compilation called "This, That, and The Other" which includes tracks of this album as well as parts of "One Less Thing to Worry About" from 1997, "The Other Parade" from 1999, "Pandemoniumfromamerica" from 2003, and "Please Tomorrow" of 2004. Viggo Mortensen said about the album:

</doc>
<doc id="20519769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519769" title="Menabilly">
Menabilly

Menabilly (, meaning "stone of colts") is an early Georgian house, on the site of and possibly incorporating parts of an earlier Elizabethan house, near Fowey, on the south coast of Cornwall, England. It received a Grade II* listing on 13 March 1951. It has long been the seat of the Rashleigh family. It is situated on the Gribben peninsula about west of Fowey. The house is surrounded by woodland. Nearby is the farmhouse Menabilly Barton. In the Return of Owners of Land, 1873 Mr Jonathan Rashleigh of Menabilly Estate, Par, was listed as the largest landowner in Cornwall with an estate of or 3.97% of the total area of Cornwall.
The house inspired one-time tenant, Daphne du Maurier, to write her bestselling 1938 novel "Rebecca", in which the house features as "Manderley".
Rashleigh family seat.
The Rashleighs of Menabilly, Fowey, Cornwall, were powerful merchants in the time of King Henry VIII and Queen Elizabeth I. In 1545 Philip Rashleigh (d.1551), a younger son of the family from Barnstaple in Devon, who had become wealthy through trade, purchased the manor of Trenant close to Fowey from the King after the Dissolution of the Monasteries. His two sons Robert and John founded the Rashleighs of Fowey. The land on which Menabilly was built has been owned by the Rashleigh family since the 1560s. In 1589 John Rashleigh commenced building the mansion which was completed in 1624 by his son Jonathan Rashleigh (1591-1675). It was re-built between 1710 to 1715 by Philip Rashleigh. The present house is of two storeys built around a central courtyard with a six-bay front on which the central 3 bays break forward.
Philip Rashleigh landscaped the gardens and planted the woodland around the house and estate. William Rashleigh, his nephew, succeeded after Philip's death in 1811. In 1822 a fire broke out which led him to greatly extend the house. During these alterations, his architect noticed that the buttress against the north wall was not really supporting anything and so had it demolished. Upon this they discovered steps leading to a small cell where they found the body of a Cavalier, and when William researched this he discovered that certain members of the Grenville family had sought sanctuary from the Parliamentarian forces during the civil war. Jonathan Rashleigh (1820-1905) improved and extended the gardens and grounds surrounding Menabilly. He planted many trees including pines, cedars, eucalyptuses and beeches. He also planted rhododendrons, bamboos and hydrangeas.John Rashleigh, grandson of Jonathan, succeeded in 1905 and rarely lived at Menabilly which thus fell into serious decay. It was discovered in a dilapidated state by the author Daphne du Maurier who when granted a lease in 1943, set about restoring it and living in it before returning it to the Rashleighs in 1969.
Menabilly in the 21st century.
Today, Menabilly and most of the grounds remain private although two cottages on the estate are rented as holiday lets.
In popular culture.
The house was the inspiration, along with Milton Hall, Cambridgeshire, for "Manderley", the house in du Maurier's novel "Rebecca" (1938). Like Menabilly, the fictional Manderley was hidden in woods and could not be seen from the shore. Also du Maurier's novel "The Kings General" is set here and features the skeleton found in the cellar.

</doc>
<doc id="20519780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519780" title="The American Breed (album)">
The American Breed (album)

The American Breed is the self-titled debut album from the 1960s jazz-rock group The American Breed, released in the fall of 1967. The album spawned three hit singles: "I Don't Think You Know Me", "Don't Forget About Me", and their first major hit, "Step Out Of Your Mind" (#24).

</doc>
<doc id="20519827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519827" title="Fred Glover (ice hockey)">
Fred Glover (ice hockey)

Frederick Austin Glover (b. January 5, 1928 in Toronto, Ontario – d. August 16, 2001) was an NHL and AHL player and coach. He was the brother of Howie Glover, who also played in the NHL.
Playing career.
Glover played junior hockey in his native Toronto. At age 21, he signed his first professional hockey contract and debuted with the American Hockey League's Indianapolis Capitals, leading his team in scoring as a rookie. In 1950, he won the first of his record five Calder Cup championships, and he received his first NHL recall during the same year. He scored a career high 48 goals in 1951. Glover played 54 games with the Detroit Red Wings in 1951-52, but he was not active during the playoffs as the Wings won the Stanley Cup. Glover was traded to the Cleveland Barons in 1953, and he became the most celebrated player in team history. In fifteen seasons with Cleveland, he won four Calder Cups and three MVP awards. He scored a career high 107 points in 1960. He retired in 1968 as the AHL's career leader in games played (1,201), goals (520), assists (814), points (1,334) and penalty minutes (2,402).[http://clevelandsportshall.com/glover-fred/][http://ahlhalloffame.com/fred-glover-p139016]
Coaching career.
Between 1962 and 1968, Glover served a duel role as both star player and head coach. He won his 1964 championship while working in this capacity. He took a job as an NHL bench boss in in 1968 as he joined the Oakland Seals. As a rookie coach, he was honored by The Sporting News as coach of the year, as he led his second year expansion franchise to a 22-point improvement over their initial season. However his performance diminished in each of the next two seasons, and his was fired just three games into the 1971-72 campaign. Just weeks later, he became the first coach to manage two teams in one season, as he joined the Los Angeles Kings and finished out their season after the franchise had fired coach Larry Regan. He returned to the Seals in 1972 as a midseason replacement, coaching the team to a last place finish, before being fired during the next season.[http://kings.nhl.com/club/page.htm?id=40994]

</doc>
<doc id="20519849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519849" title="Cage discography">
Cage discography

The discography of Cage, an American hip hop recording artist from New York City, consists of four studio albums, two compilation albums, three extended plays (EPs) and three singles.
Guest appeaences.
Aesop Rock ft. Breeze Brewin - Getaway Car
Admiral Crumple - Glass Vials
Blockhead - Art of Walking
Cenobites - Hot Crib Promo
Copywrite - With Us/Tower Of Babbel
Debaser - Pedestals
Disciples of Jones - Projekt Zero
El-P - Accidents Don't Happen
El-P - Oxycontin Pt. 2
El-P - Habeas Corpses (Draconian Love)
El-P - Reborn (Jax X Remix)
Felt - Protagonist (Full Clip Remix)
Grayskul - How To Load a Tech
Judge Doom ft. Matlock & Wes Restless - Strange Characters
Kid Cudi - "Maniac" from ""
Project Wyze - Jakobz Ladder
S.A. Smash - Smash TV
Yak Ballz ft. Bobby Atlas - Pimped Out
Admiral Crumple- Glass Vials
Castro the Savage - The Gutter
Paranoid Android feat Space, Masai Bey - Beyond and Back/Last House On The Left
Handsome Boy Modeling School - The Hours
Sadistik - Russian Roulette
No Pretense - Self Harmonic
Dead Smoke - The Overcoat

</doc>
<doc id="20519857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519857" title="Ovingdean Hall School">
Ovingdean Hall School

Ovingdean Hall School (OHS) was a special day and boarding secondary school for the severely and profoundly deaf children and young people including those with additional special needs. It closed in July 2010.
The former school's site is in a rural setting in the village of Ovingdean, near Brighton, East Sussex.
Many deaf and hard of hearing children attendeded the school from all over the UK and sometimes from other English-speaking nations.
It was constituted as a registered charity under English law.
Patrons.
Veteran British actress, Dame Judi Dench CH, DBE, FRSA, and the former British Olympic champion, Sally Gunnell OBE were patrons of the school.
Dame Judi once sent a special filmed message from a James Bond film set during the opening of the school's newly refurbished drama hall.
Brief history.
In 1788, Nathaniel Kemp – at the age of 27 – bought a plot of land of in the centre of Ovingdean village. He built Ovingdean House there during 1792 at the cost of £2653-10s-0d (approx). The house was later home of stained glass artist Charles Eamer Kempe (1837–1907) and Thomas Read Kemp (1783–1844), the founder of Kemp Town in Brighton.
In 1891, Ovingdean House became a young gentlemen's school, which by that time was renamed Ovingdean Hall. Several extra school buildings were built by 1897. In 1941 the school moved to Devon during World War II, and the Canadian Army took over the Ovingdean site.
By the end of the war in 1945, it was sold to the Brighton Institution for the Deaf and Dumb school and in 1947 was reopened as a school that continued until the summer of 2010 as Ovingdean Hall School for the hearing impaired children from 11 to 19yrs.
During 2008, the Hastings-based film company Toaster Productions has produced a special DVD documentary film entirely about the school and its pupils, entitled "Ovingdean Hall School: A very "special" special school". During the millennium, a short film about the school was also produced.
The school Governing Body had two former pupils of the school as Trustee Governors (from 2005 until its dissolution in 2010).
In August 2009, the Ovingdean Hall Reunion Association (see link below) held a (belated) 60th Anniversary Grand Reunion at the school, to celebrate the first 60 years of Ovingdean Hall School. Over 500 ex-pupils and their friends attended.
This was followed with a final Farewell reunion in July 2010, as pupils learnt of the impending school closure. Over 600 ex-pupils and their friends came to see their "alma mater" for the last time.
The school closed its doors for the final time at the end of the school year in July 2010 after declining pupil numbers meant it was no longer financially viable.
The school and its grounds were put up for sale on the open market by the Trustees.
The Trust will continue in its work after the school has closed and will use the monies from the sale to benefit young deaf learners in line with the existing aims of the charity.
The former school site has been sold off and is now Ovingdean Hall College (OHC).
In July 2012, the old school trust became Ovingdean Hall Foundation - a charity and grant-making organisation committed to supporting education projects for deaf young people. The Foundation works in partnership with two other deaf organisations: the Ewing Foundation and Burwood Park Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20519862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519862" title="Mike Walton">
Mike Walton

Michael Robert "Shakey" Walton (born January 3, 1945 in Kirkland Lake, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey forward in the National Hockey League (NHL) and World Hockey Association (WHA). He was a player with explosive offensive skills who made up for his lack of size with blazing speed and superior puck handling. It was also generally considered that he never lived up to his superstar potential.
Formative years.
Walton was born in Kirkland Lake, Ontario, but his family lived a transient existence during his youth before settling north of Toronto. They operated a restaurant/garage in Sutton, about north of the city. He inherited his nickname "Shakey" from his father Bobby, who would shake his head to throw off opponents as a hockey player in England.
He spent each of his first two years of junior hockey with the only two champions in the Metro Junior A League's brief history. He first attended St. Michael's College School on a partial scholarship. When the Majors' famous hockey program was discontinued after the 1961–62 season, Walton and the rest of the players were transferred to Neil McNeil Catholic Secondary School, where he scored 22 goals in 38 games for the Maroons in 1962–63.
Toronto Maple Leafs.
He became a part of the Toronto Maple Leafs' talent pipeline when he joined its Ontario Hockey Association farm team, the Marlboros, where he was the club's second leading scorer with 92 points (41 goals, 51 assists) in 53 games, while helping them win the league championship and Memorial Cup in 1964. He then earned back-to-back minor league Rookie of the Year honors, first with the Tulsa Oilers of the Central Professional Hockey League (CPHL) in 1965, then with the Calder Cup-winning Rochester Americans of the American Hockey League (AHL) in 1966.
Walton made his Leafs debut in 1965–66, appearing in only six matches. He established himself on the veteran-dominated team midway through the next campaign. Working exclusively on power-play situations, he scored four goals with three assists while playing in all twelve games of Toronto's postseason run to the 1967 Stanley Cup Championship. He was the club's leading scorer with 59 points (30 goals, 29 assists) in 1967–68, his first full season in the league and most productive with the Leafs.
His time with the Leafs was marred by constant conflict with head coach Punch Imlach and team president Stafford Smythe. Prior to his dismissal in April 1969, the domineering Imlach, disdainful of younger players, clashed with Walton over his hairstyle and bombarded him with negative comments about his on-ice performance. Also at issue for was the fact that Walton's agent was Alan Eagleson, who helped establish the NHL Players' Association. Further complicating matters was Walton's marriage to Smythe's niece. When an independent psychiatrist appointed by the NHL diagnosed Walton with depression in the middle of the 1970–71 season, his departure from the Leafs was imminent.
Boston Bruins.
Walton was traded twice on February 1, 1971. He was first dealt to the Philadelphia Flyers with Bruce Gamble and the Leafs' first-round choice in the 1971 NHL Amateur Draft (used to draft Pierre Plante) for Bernie Parent and the Flyers' second-round pick in the same draft (Rick Kehoe). He was then acquired by the defending Stanley Cup Champion Boston Bruins from Philadelphia for Rick MacLeish and Danny Schock.
He blended in well with the Bruins' prolific scorers led by Phil Esposito and Bobby Orr, his business partner at the time with the Orr-Walton Sports Camp in Orillia, Ontario. He became a part of his second Championship when the Bruins defeated the New York Rangers in the 1972 Finals.
He was injured in a bizarre accident in the middle of the 1972–73 season when he tripped and fell through a plate glass door at a St. Louis hotel. Despite needing over 200 stitches and a complete blood transfusion after losing five pints of blood, he made a complete recovery.
Minnesota Fighting Saints (WHA).
The upstart World Hockey Association, attempting to lure talent away from the established league, conducted its General Player Draft on February 12, 1972 to evenly distribute amongst its franchises NHL players with expiring contracts. Even though still under contract with the Bruins, Walton was selected by the Los Angeles Sharks. His WHA rights were traded in June 1973 to the Minnesota Fighting Saints, who succeeded in signing him to a three-year deal worth $450,000.
He made an immediate impact as the WHA's leading scorer with a career-high 117 points (57 goals, 60 assists) in 1973–74. He continued as the team's top scorer for the next two seasons, but left the team on Feb. 25, 1976, three days before financial problems forced the Fighting Saints to cease operations.
He also played for Team Canada when it lost the 1974 Summit Series to the Soviet Union 1–4–3. Observers considered his performance to be the biggest disappointment in the series.
End of a career.
Walton returned to the NHL to finish his 1975–76 campaign, but it was not with the Bruins. Two years earlier on February 7, 1974, they had traded his NHL rights, along with Chris Oddleifson and Fred O'Donnell, to the Vancouver Canucks for Bobby Schmautz. Even though his 66 points (29 goals, 37 assists) in 1977–78 led the Canucks and were the best numbers in his NHL career, he was still dealt to the St. Louis Blues on June 12, 1978. His subsequent season was split between the Blues, Bruins, Chicago Black Hawks and the latter two's AHL affiliates. His final year of professional hockey in 1979–80 was spent with Kölner EC of the Eishockey-Bundesliga in West Germany.
Life after hockey.
Since his retirement from professional hockey, Walton has worked as a real estate agent for RE/MAX in Toronto. His clients have included active and former Leafs players, such as Doug Gilmour and Mats Sundin. He was the eponymous and initial proprietor of Shakey's Original Bar and Grill on Bloor Street in the western part of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="20519864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519864" title="Mount Panay">
Mount Panay

Mount Panay, is a strongly solfataric stratovolcano in the Philippines.
Location.
Panay is located south of Lake Taal, in the province of Batangas, in Region IV, on Luzon Island, in the Philippines.
It is located at the southern end of the Calumpang Peninsular which forms the western side of Batangas Bay, at latitude 13.723°N (13°43'24"N), longitude 120.893°E (120°53'36"E).
Physical features.
Panay is a forested, low, andesitic stratovolcano, on the western side of Batangas Bay, which could be a breached caldera inundated by the sea.
Panay has an elevation of 501 metres (1,644 feet) asl.
Panay is reported to be strongly solfataric at present.
Eruptions.
Last eruptive activity is thought to be Pleistocene, about 500,000 years ago.
There have been no historical eruptions.
Geology.
Rock type is predominantly andesite.
Tectonically, Panay lies at the intersection of two major regional trends, the Bataan Lineament and the Palawan-Macolod Lineament.
Batangas Bay, which includes Panay, may be a drowned caldera.
Listings.
Smithsonian Institution lists Panay as Pleistocene - Fumarolic.
Philippines Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (Phivolcs) lists Panay as Inactive.

</doc>
<doc id="20519879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519879" title="Brooklyn Tip-Tops all-time roster">
Brooklyn Tip-Tops all-time roster

The following is a list of players and who appeared in at least one game for the Brooklyn Tip-Tops franchise of the Federal League from through .

</doc>
<doc id="20519894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519894" title="Chaovarat Chanweerakul">
Chaovarat Chanweerakul

Chaovarat Chanweerakul, or Chavarat Charnvirakul (, RTGS: Chawarat Chanwirakun, ) (born June 7, 1936 in Bangkok) is a Thai politician. He had served as an Acting Prime Minister of Thailand as a result of the 2008 Thai political crisis.
Chaovarat graduated from Thammasat University in 1966 with a degree in economics.
After spending many years in the public sector, he joined the government in 1994 as Deputy Minister of Finance, his tenure lasted till 1997. In 2008 He rejoined the government as Minister of Public Health and later Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand.
On 2 December 2008, the Constitutional Court ordered the dissolution of the People's Power Party and other coalition parties, at the same time banning their chief executives. The incumbent Prime Minister, Somchai Wongsawat, was then removed along with several other members of the Cabinet. Chaovarat, however, was the only senior Cabinet figure who was not a party executive and was therefore the only viable candidate. Either the House of Representatives of Thailand had to confirm him as the new Prime Minister, or the new political grouping must vote for a new leader and submit his name for approval. There has been some questions - even a letter submitted to the Constitutional Court by Senators - concerning the legality of his temporary appointment as Prime Minister (even in a caretaker capacity). This is because the 2007 Constitution of Thailand states that the Prime Minister must be a member of the House of Representatives; Chaovarat was not an MP. Chaovarat was replaced by Abhisit Vejjajiva on the 15 December 2008. He was appointed Minister of Interior of Thailand in the Abhisit cabinet, a post which he held until the government's electoral defeat in 2011. Since 14 February 2009, Chaovarat has been the leader of the Bhumjaithai Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20519896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519896" title="John D. Lawson (scientist)">
John D. Lawson (scientist)

John David Lawson FRS (4 April 1923 – 15 January 2008) was a British engineer and physicist. 
He was born in Coventry and educated at Wolverhampton Grammar School before going on to St John's College, Cambridge, to study for the short (two year) Mechanical Sciences degree, including a special wartime radio course. He graduated BA in 1943 and then joined the Telecommunications Research Establishment, Malvern, where he was assigned to work on microwave antenna design as part of the ongoing work on development of radar. 
At the end of the war Lawson continued to work at Malvern, although in 1947 he was made a member of the staff of the Atomic Energy Research Establishment (AERE). He undertook experimental work with the new 30 MeV synchrotron.
In 1951 he was transferred to the General Physics Division of the AERE at Harwell. Lawson started to work on the klystron, a device for producing high-power microwaves, in a group led by Peter Thonemann who was also in charge of the ZETA (Zero Energy Toroidal Assembly) fusion work. It was through Lawson's association with Thonemann that he became interested in the topic of nuclear fusion. 
He was noted for his 1955 paper, published in 1957, "Some Criteria for a Power Producing Thermonuclear Reactor," (Proc. Phys. Soc. Vol. 70, pt. 1, no. 445, B, 6-10, 1957), where he presented for the first time to the public his famous criterion: Lawson criterion. 
Lawson also worked with the 1980 MeV cyclotron and on early accelerator proposals. He remained on the staff of the AERE to 1961, spending 1959-1960 as Research Associate at the W.W. Hansen Laboratories at Stanford where his work included the study of the properties of caesium plasma.
In 1961 Lawson was transferred to the newly established National Institute for Research in Nuclear Science, placed very close to Harwell village, an institution shortly to become the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory. He continued his work on accelerators and led the project to build the Variable Energy Cyclotron (for AERE Harwell). He had responsibility for building up the superconducting magnet programme and retained an interest in new accelerator concepts. In the 1970s he moved onto the study of very high current beams and in 1977 his book The Physics of Charged Particle Beams was published (second edition 1989), which became a classic textbook on particle accelerators. In 1975-1976 Lawson returned to fusion research with a two year sabbatical at the Culham Laboratory, working on a design study of a conceptual fusion power reactor based on the reversed field pinch principle.
He returned to the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory in 1977 where he continued working on free electron lasers and accelerator design, and also played a leading international role in promoting and critically examining ideas for future accelerators. In the early 1980s he recognized the potential that high-power lasers could have for particle acceleration, and set up a small research group in lasers base on the concept of plasma acceleration. He retired in 1987.
Lawson was awarded the University of Cambridge Sc.D. in Physics in 1959 and made a Fellow of the Institute of Physics in 1970. In 1983 he was elected a Fellow of Royal Society for his contributions to the field of applied electromagnetism, in particular the physics of charged particle beams and high temperature plasmas. 
He is particularly remembered for the Lawson criterion, a general measure of a system that defines the conditions needed for a fusion reactor to achieve net power. Formulated in 1955, it was first published in 1957, in 'Some criteria for a power producing thermonuclear reactor', (Proc. Phys. Soc. vol. 70, pt. 1, no. 445, B, 6-10).
Lawson died on 15 January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20519900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519900" title="Kirkland Island">
Kirkland Island

Kirkland Island, also known as Rose-Kirkland Island, is located within the municipality of Richmond, British Columbia and is part of a small alluvial archipelago known as the South Arm Marshes located within the Ladner Reach of the South Arm of the Fraser River in British Columbia, Canada. It is the northernmost island of the group and lies between Richmond on Lulu Island in the north and Delta and Ladner town centre in the south. 
The island is predominantly alluvial in nature and is approximately 1.5 miles long. It is separated from Rose Island to the south by a narrow tidal channel; they are sometimes collectively referred to as Rose-Kirkland Island. It is uninhabited and is under the management of the Kirkland Island Waterfowl Society, which does not allow public access. The entire archipelago, comprising Kirkland, Woodward, Barber, Duck, Rose, Gunn and Williamson Islands, falls within the Agricultural Land Reserve and is under the administration of the British Columbia Ministry of Environment, designated as the South Arm Marshes Wildlife Management Area. 
In 2008, Kirkland Island gained attention as the site for discovery of several disarticulated human feet. 
In February, 2009, Ducks Unlimited Canada (DUC) and Port Metro Vancouver (PMV) announced completion of an intertidal enhancement project increasing fish habitat at Rose-Kirkland Island. PMV contributed $1.5 million as part of a multi-year plan to offset loss of wildlife habitat from the development of the Deltaport Third Berth Project (DP3). The Rose-Kirkland Island project included breaching Fraser River dikes to create an intertidal environment; raising the elevation of a kilometre of dike to mitigate flooding of the fields on the island; excavating the pool area to facilitate tidal flushing; and upgrading 250 metres of rock riprap along the foreshore to protect against erosion due to waves caused by Fraser River boat traffic.
Another Kirkland Island is located in Monroe County, Tennessee, USA.
Ownership History.
Kirkland Island derives its name from Ladner resident John Kirkland, who with his descendants were prominent landholders in the Surrey and Delta area.
Until 1960, Kirkland and Rose islands were privately owned by HR McMillan, when ownership was transferred to Kirkland Island Waterfowl Society. In 1989, The Nature Trust along with the Pacific Estuary Conservation Program partners purchased the islands and subsequently leased it to the B.C. Ministry of Environment. The ministry, in turn, licensed annual agriculture management and production to the Kirkland Island Waterfowl Society to attract and support migrant waterfowl. In exchange, the society received exclusive use of the islands as a hunting club.
Fauna.
Many animal species, both endemic and transient, frequent Kirkland Island and the South Arm Marshes. They include:
Flora.
Rare plant elements appearing in the WMA include Hendersons Checker-mallow (Sidalcea hendersonii), Rice Cutgrass (Leersia oryzoides) and Western St. John’s Wort (Hypericum scouleri).

</doc>
<doc id="20519913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519913" title="2008 AIBA Women's World Boxing Championships">
2008 AIBA Women's World Boxing Championships

The 2008 AIBA Women's World Amateur Boxing Championships was an international women's boxing competition hosted by China from November 22 to 29, 2008 in Ningbo City. It was the 5th championship, which debuted 2001 in Scranton, Pennsylvania, USA.
The World Championship was contested in 13 weight disciplines by 237 amateur women boxers from 42 countries, and was conducted in the Ningbo Sports Center.
China won five gold, two silver and four bronze medals, while Turkey finished second with two gold and two bronze medals, followed by Canada with a tally of 2-0-1. India, the champion in the 2006 edition, were fourth with one gold, one silver and two bronze.
Results.
Bronze medals are awarded to both losing semi-finalists.

</doc>
<doc id="20519936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519936" title="Frank Adams (footballer)">
Frank Adams (footballer)

Francis "Frank" Adams (8 February 1933 – 25 March 2009) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Bury and Chester.
Playing career.
Adams, born in Liverpool, Lancashire, was to spend most of his professional career with Bury, who he joined from local side Bury Amateurs. Between 1955 and 1963 he made 169 appearances in the Football League for the club. He missed only three games in Bury's Third Division championship season of 1960–61, the most successful in the club's history in terms of goals scored and points gained.
In the summer of 1963 he joined Chester, in a busy summer which saw other players including Stan Bennion, George Evans, John Currie, Jimmy Humes and Gil Wheaton also arrive at the club. Five years earlier Adams had been involved in controversy when playing for Bury against Chester in the FA Cup second round. With Chester leading 1–0 in the closing minutes, their player Norman Bullock was brought down in the area with play stopping with the linesman flagging for a penalty. But Adams picked up the ball and punted it forward and, with the ref deciding to play on, set up a late equaliser for Bury, who went on to earn an attractive tie with Arsenal in the third round after beating Chester in the replay.
Unfortunately his stint playing for Chester was not so memorable, as he lost his place to Dennis Reeves after eight league games and moved on to Tranmere Rovers, where he did not make any league appearances.
He died in 2009 at the age of 76.

</doc>
<doc id="20519965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519965" title="Untasted Honey">
Untasted Honey

Untasted Honey is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Kathy Mattea. It was released in 1987 on Mercury Records. The album produced Mattea's first Number One hit on the "Billboard" country charts in its lead-off single "Goin' Gone". Following this song was another Number One hit, "Eighteen Wheels and a Dozen Roses", then "Untold Stories" and "Life as We Knew It", both of which reached #4. "The Battle Hymn of Love" was later released as a single from Mattea's 1990 album "A Collection of Hits". Like "Walk the Way the Wind Blows" before it, this album includes a cut originally found on Nanci Griffith's 1986 album "The Last of the True Believers", this time in the track "Goin' Gone". "Untasted Honey" was certified gold by the RIAA.

</doc>
<doc id="20519988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519988" title="Bend Me, Shape Me (album)">
Bend Me, Shape Me (album)

Bend Me, Shape Me is the second album from the 1960s jazz–rock group The American Breed, released in February 1968. The album peaked at #99 on "Billboard"'s pop albums chart, and the title song became the group's only Top 10 hit, reaching #5 on Billboard's pop singles chart in February 1968. The album and the single both went gold, and remains the group's biggest selling album to this day. The only other major hit single from this album was "Green Light" (#39).

</doc>
<doc id="20519993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519993" title="Canal de l'Est">
Canal de l'Est

The Canal de l'Est (French: "canal of the east") is a canal in northeastern France. It was built from 1874 to 1887 and has a total length of . It consists of two parts: a northern branch linking the Meuse River and the Moselle, and a southern branch linking the Moselle to the Saône. In 2003, these branches were officially renamed Canal de la Meuse and Canal des Vosges, respectively. 
Northern branch (Canal de la Meuse).
The northern branch of the Canal de l'Est starts at Givet in the Ardennes department. It follows the Meuse upstream, passing through Mouzon, Fumay, Revin, Nouzonville, Charleville-Mézières, Sedan, Stenay, Verdun, Saint-Mihiel and Commercy until it joins the Canal de la Marne au Rhin at Troussey. This branch of the canal is long. For much of its length, the canal is actually the canalised river Meuse.
Southern branch (Canal des Vosges).
Originally, the southern branch of the Canal de l'Est started at Toul, where it branched off the Canal de la Marne au Rhin. Since the Moselle has been made navigable for larger ships up to Neuves-Maisons, the part of the Canal de l'Est between Toul and Neuves-Maisons is considered part of the Moselle. The canal follows the Moselle upstream through Charmes and Thaon-les-Vosges until Golbey, north of Épinal, where it leaves the Moselle valley. It passes through Les Forges and enters the valley of the Côney near Uzemain. It follows the Côney downstream until its confluence with the Saône at Corre in the Haute-Saône department, the southern end of the Canal de l'Est. This branch of the canal is long. 

</doc>
<doc id="20519996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519996" title="Gus Mortson">
Gus Mortson

James Angus Gerald "Old Hardrock" Mortson (born January 24, 1925) is a Canadian former ice hockey defenceman in the National Hockey League. He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Chicago Black Hawks, and Detroit Red Wings, winning four Stanley Cups with Toronto. He also played in eight NHL All Star games.
Early career.
Mortson grew up in Northern Ontario. He joined the St. Michael's Majors of the Ontario Hockey Association Jr. league in 1943–44 and played two seasons for them. He then turned professional and played for the United States Hockey League's Tulsa Oilers in 1945–46, compiling 48 points in 51 games.
National Hockey League.
In 1946–47, Mortson joined the NHL's Toronto Maple Leafs, where he played for the next six seasons. He and fellow defenceman Jim Thomson were known as the "Gold Dust Twins", and the two helped the Maple Leafs win Stanley Cups in 1947, 1948, 1949, and 1951. In the 1948 All Star game, Gus Mortson and Gordie Howe squared off in an All-Star Game, and to this day are the only players to fight in an NHL All-Star Game. In 1950, Mortson was named to the league's first all-star team. 
In 1952, Mortson was traded to the Chicago Black Hawks, along with Cal Gardner, Ray Hannigan, and Al Rollins, for Harry Lumley. Mortson played for the Black Hawks for six seasons. In 1956–57, he led the league in penalty minutes for the fourth time. He was then traded to the Detroit Red Wings in 1958 and played one season for them.
Morton played 797 games and had 198 points and 1,380 penalty minutes in his 13-year NHL career. He was known for his physical play and got into numerous fights.
Later career.
After his NHL career ended, Mortson played for several minor league teams, including the American Hockey League's Buffalo Bisons. He retired in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="20520013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520013" title="Korosciatyn massacre">
Korosciatyn massacre

The Korosciatyn massacre took place on the night of February 28/29, 1944, during the province-wide wave of massacres of Poles in Volhynia in World War II. Korosciatyn, which now bears the name of Krynica and is located in western Ukraine, was one of the biggest ethnic Polish villages of the interwar Poland’s within Buczacz County in Tarnopol Voivodeship "(pictured)". Located along the railway line from Tarnopol to Stanislawów, in 1939 it had some 900 inhabitants, all of them being ethnic Poles. Korosciatyn had an elementary school, a Roman Catholic church and a railway station. It belonged to the Latin Rite Roman Catholic parish of nearby Monasterzyska, which also covered several nearby villages. Among the most famous of the citizens of this parish, are Rev. Stanislaw Padewski (bishop of the Roman Catholic diocese of Kharkiv), professor Gabriel Turowski (personal physician of John Paul II) as well as two scientists, professor Michal Lesiow of Lublin’s Maria Curie University and doctor Jan Zaleski of Krakow’s Pedagogical College. Altogether, in 1939 the Deaconry of Buczacz had around 45 000 Polish inhabitants. 
All of the residents of Korosciatyn were ethnic Poles (as was the case also of the village of Debowica). Some 2,000 ethnic Ukrainians lived in the surrounding villages in the area. Soon after joint Nazi and Soviet attack on Poland in September 1939, the Ukrainian nationalists murdered the inhabitants of a Polish settlement of Kolodne near Wyczolki, then the Soviets deported leaders of the Polish community to Siberia. Among those deported, was the village administrator of Korosciatyn, Jozef Zaleski and his wife. Zaleski died in Siberia on September 14, 1941. 
In June 1941, when German units pushed the Red Army out of the area, local Ukrainians of the village of Czechow murdered their Polish neighbors. All victims were buried in a mass grave - 11 Poles (including 6 kids), as well as 6 Ukrainians, who opposed the murders. It was a prelude of later events. On Christmas Eve of 1943, Ukrainian auxiliary police shot one Pole, Marian Hutnik, and on Christmas Day 1943, five additional Poles were killed. The Ukrainians returned on Boxing Day, killing additional four Poles.
The massacre.
The Korosciatyn massacre took place on the night of February 28/29, 1944. Ukrainian nationalists of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army, supported by local peasants, attacked the village from three sides. Altogether, there were 600 attackers, divided into three groups. The first one took care of the killings, using guns, knives and axes. The second wave stole possessions of the murdered Poles, and the third wave set fire to all the houses. It must be mentioned that on the same day the Ukrainian SS troops murdered around 1500 Poles during the Huta Pieniacka massacre. 
The carnage lasted the whole night. According to Aniela Muraszka, a survivor of the massacre, who later became a nun, the perpetrators used a ruse. As she later recalled, the Ukrainian nationalists attacked at 6 p.m., knowing that the Poles, aware of possible invasion, were changing their guards. The killers knew the watchword, used by the Poles, because they had been informed about it by a Ukrainian woman, married to a Polish man. 
The perpetrators, using the watchword, entered the village, shouting in Polish that they were members of the Home Army and calling all Poles to come out to them. Soon afterwards, they attacked the railway station, killing those on duty (including one Ukrainian, who was murdered by mistake), and people waiting for trains. Telegraph wires were then cut and the Ukrainian nationalists began burning houses, killing all Poles they encountered. According to witnesses, among the attackers were teenage boys, some of them aged 12. The nationalists were commanded by the son of a Greek-Catholic priest from nearby Zadarow, who died during the attack. 
A Polish defence unit, after the initial shock retaliated, killing one of the leaders of Ukrainian nationalists, who was the son of an ethnic Ukrainian Greek-Catholic priest from Zadarow. The massacre lasted the whole night, and it ended only after a Polish Home Army unit from the village of Puzniki came to the assistance of the villagers. It has been estimated that the Ukrainians killed some 150 Poles, of which only 78 were identified. The whole village was burned; only the church and the rectory were spared. According to one witness, Danuta Konieczna, who was ten years old, the fanaticized Ukrainian nationalists did not spare anybody, killing even babies in their cribs.
Jan Zaleski, a survivor, recalled:
In the morning, my parents went to the ruins of Korosciatyn. They heard stories which were difficult to believe. The Ukrainians got into the house of the Nowicki family. Mr Nowicki escaped, but the Banderites found his wife and their little daughter Barbara. Both were killed with axes, their skulls were crushed. Nowicki himself became insane and he walked around with his baby, who also survived, talking to everybody about his beloved wife and daughter.
The majority of those murdered were buried in a mass grave on March 2, 1944 in the local cemetery, during a service led by Latin Rite Polish priest reverend Fr. Mieczyslaw Krzeminski. The majority of survivors left Korosciatyn for Monasterzyska, and in 1945 the majority were transported by Soviet authorities to the Polish so-called Recovered Territories (former eastern German provinces), mostly to the area of Strzelin and Legnica. In the meantime, ruins of Korosciatyn became houses of a large group of Lemkos, resettled from the area of Krynica, who renamed the village after their old village in Lesser Poland's mountainous regions from which they themselves had been expelled by Polish communist units during Operation Vistula. 
The area of Korosciatyn was witness to several other massacres. Two weeks after the tragedy, the Ukrainians murdered 39 Poles from the village of Bobulince near Podhajce, including parish priest, reverend Jozef Suszczynski. After the Red Army entered the Buczacz County, the murders continued, with February 1945 being the most tragic month:
Currently, the only sign of the Korosciatyn Massacre is a wooden cross, which bares no inscriptions, placed in the local cemetery. The massacre is also commemorated with a special tablet, in the complex of Brother Albert Foundation in Radwanowice near Krakow.
The massacre continues to strain present relations between Poles and Ukrainians.

</doc>
<doc id="20520023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520023" title="Solo Live (Michel Petrucciani album)">
Solo Live (Michel Petrucciani album)

Solo Live is a solo piano album by Michel Petrucciani, recorded in 1997 at a concert in Frankfurt, Germany, and released on the Dreyfus label in 1998. A double-CD version of the concert was released in 2007, under the title "Piano Solo: The Complete Concert in Germany", and featured 20 tracks instead of the original release's 11.
Music.
Most of the tracks are Petrucciani originals. "Looking Up" is "overtly optimistic and inherently hopeful"; "Home" is a "statement of warmth and comfort"; "Brazilian Like" is "orchestral and melodic to the point at which the tune remains in one's head long after its conclusion".
Reception.
The AllMusic review awarded it four and a half stars and described it as "Petrucciani's lasting solo gift to the jazz world". The Penguin Guide to Jazz gave it a maximum four stars and added it to the suggestsed Core Collection list.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Petrucciani, unless stated otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="20520034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520034" title="Gregory Reinhart">
Gregory Reinhart

Gregory Reinhart (born 18 June 1951 in Pavilion, New York) is an American bass opera singer. He is noted for an extremely wide repertory which ranges from early music to the world premieres of several contemporary operas including Lowell Liebermann's "The Picture of Dorian Gray", Philippe Manoury's "K...", and Pascal Dusapin's "Perelà, uomo di fumo". He has been praised in "The Metropolitan Opera Guide to Recorded Opera" for his performance in Monteverdi's "L'Incoronazione di Poppea" as one of the finest Senecas on record with "a magnificent bass voice: firm and clear throughout its wide range".
Biography.
Gregory Reinhart was raised in upstate New York. In 1971, he entered Boston's New England Conservatory (NEC), where he studied voice with Mark Pearson and took master classes with Eleanor Steber. He graduated "with distinction" in 1974 and went on to receive his Master of Music Degree there in 1977. In 1976 he was a recipient of a fellowship award that also allowed him to train with Phyllis Curtin at the Tanglewood Music Center in Massachusetts. While at the NEC, he appeared in student performances of Ravel's "L'heure espagnole" and Donizetti's "Don Pasquale". He directed the choir of St. John the Baptist in Quincy, sang with Emmanuel Music, and appeared as a soloist with the Boston Symphony Orchestra in the Monteverdi "Vespers", Bach's "St. Matthew Passion" and Tchaikovsky's opera "Eugene Onegin". Another early venture into opera was his performance in Verdi's "Giovanna d'Arco" with Boston Concert Opera, where according to the "Boston Globe" critic, Richard Dyer, "he sang the guest-star New York contingent right off the stage". 
Reinhart first started training in voice with Professor Gloria Bugni McMaster at State University of New York at Geneseo, then went on to train as an opera singer at the American Institute of Musical Studies in Graz, where he took further classes with Eleanor Steber and studied with the soprano Patricia Brinton who encouraged him to continue his preparation in Paris. He remained with her there for two years, thanks to a private donor from Quincy, Adelina Chella. During his years in Paris, he received the advice and encouragement of Pierre Bernac and Camille Maurane. Most importantly for the development of his career, he met the French musicologist Jacques Chuilon in 1980. Their collaboration in developing a vocal technique that permits Reinhart to perform a wide repertory from Bach to Mozart to the dramatic bass roles of Richard Wagner, as well as German Lieder and French Mélodie, continues to this day.
Reinhart made his French operatic debut with the Atelier Lyrique de Tourcoing in 1981, when he sang the title role of Giovanni Paisiello's "Le roi Théodore à Venise" in its first performance in modern times. In 1984 he appeared at the Théâtre du Châtelet as both Huascar and Bellone in Rameau's "Les Indes Galantes". It was the first time that a fully staged Rameau opera was performed in Paris with a full baroque period instrument orchestra. That same year he sang the role of Arnold in the French premiere of Hans Werner Henze's "La chatte anglaise" at the Opéra-Comique. Reinhart went on to sing leading bass roles in many of Europe's opera houses and concert halls over the next twenty years. Reinhart has also been a guest performer in opera, oratorio and recital in many prominent music festivals including the Aix-en-Provence Festival, the Handel Festival, Halle, the Santa Fe Opera Festival, the Rossini Opera Festival in Pesaro, and the Chorégies d'Orange Festival. Amongst the ensembles he has worked with are Groupe Vocale de France under John Alldis, Ensemble intercontemporain under Pierre Boulez, Concerto Vocale under René Jacobs, and Les Arts Florissants under William Christie. 
Although he continues to be based in France, Reinhart has increasingly appeared in the United States. In 2002 he made his debut at New York City Opera as Claudius in "Agrippina". His Washington National Opera debut followed in 2005 as The Old Hebrew in "Samson et Dalila", conducted by Plácido Domingo. The following year he made his Metropolitan Opera debut as The Armoured Man in "Die Zauberflöte". 2007 saw company debuts with Portland Opera as Oroveso in "Norma" and with Pittsburgh Opera as Sarastro in "Die Zauberflöte". Gregory Reinhart opened San Francisco Opera's 2008-2009 season as Biterolf Landgraf in a new production of "Tannhäuser".
Repertoire.
Gregory Reinhart's wide ranging stage repertoire includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20520036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520036" title="Sean-nós dance in America">
Sean-nós dance in America

Sean-nós dance in America has its roots in Irish culture, but may be practiced differently from how it is danced in Ireland. When Irish people emigrated to America in great numbers during the early American Colonial period, or when escaping troubles in Ireland, they brought their dance culture with them. One of the many forms of Irish dance is sean-nós dance, which is an informal, spontaneous, solo form of dance. Sean-nós dance has both modified, and in turn been modified by, similar forms of traditional vernacular solo dance in America.
Irish traditional dance.
The most widely known form of traditional Irish dance is competition-oriented modern Irish stepdance. Other popular forms of Irish dancing are for couples and group social dancing, such as set dancing and céili dancing. Less known is the traditional solo dance form called "sean nós" or "old style" dance.
Sean-nós dance.
Sean-nós dance is characterized by its "low to the ground" footwork, free movement of the arms, improvisation, and emphasis upon a "battering step" (which sounds out the accented beat of the music). By its nature, sean-nós dance follows the music closely. Indeed, the rhythmic nature of sean-nós dance results in a percussive music of its own. It frequently is danced by only one person, and even when danced in pairs or small groups, there is no physical contact between the dancers. Because it is a freeform, solo type of dance, it is not necessary for a pre-arranged routine to be decided upon by the dancer; spontaneous expression is preferred in the tradition. It is less common to see groups performing synchronized sean-nós dance (which requires choreography in advance). Instead, the dancers may dance in turns, playing off of the energy of the other. Another more specialized form sean-nós dancing is the brush dance.
Influence on other forms of dance in America.
Sean-nós dance has made a significant contribution to American traditional informal freeform solo folk dancing, which includes flat foot dance (or "flat-footing"), hoofing (or "hoofin'"), buck dancing, soft shoe (casual tap dancing performed in shoes without metal taps), clogging (in its older non-show form), Irish sean-nós dance, and the Irish jig. Various other names may be applied for this category of dance, depending upon the specific regional, language, cultural, or social group involved. Solo Southern dancing and solo mountain-style dancing show strong influences from sean-nós dance.
"I believe that to get some idea of the process of Southern vernacular dance development, we must consider it in parallel with its companion music and the dominant cultures that have mixed to produce it: British, African, and to some extent, Native American. These cultures began their intense musical interaction here in the 17th century, ﬁrst among African-Americans and then in the 19th century among British-Americans, especially in small Southern towns and nearby rural areas. A good example of Anglo/Afro interaction in music is the introduction of the banjo, originally an African instrument. It is quite certain that the interaction between the European ﬁddle and African banjo changed the styles and repertoire of both. African-Americans ﬁrst played these instruments together soon after being brought here, and the banjo/ﬁddle combination was the basis for the late 19th-century/early 20th-century mountain music to which most of our older dancers moved."
- Mike Seeger, Musician, Documentarian, Ethno-Musicologist
Today.
Sean-nós dance is not widely found in America today. Small sean-nós dancing communities exist in Boston, Washington D.C., Baltimore, Seattle, New York, and Portland, Oregon. These communities are centered around American sean-nós dance teachers — some of Irish-American heritage — who learned their dancing in the west of Ireland. This new generation of younger American dancers now teaches and performs regularly. Both Kieran Jordan (Boston) and Maldon Meehan (Portland, Oregon) have produced instructional DVDs in sean-nós dance. Workshops in sean-nós dance can also be found at Irish festivals like the Sean-nós Northwest Festival, the Milwaukee Irish Fest Summer School, the Catskills Irish Arts Week, and the Minnesota Irish Fair. Sean-nós dancing workshops are also often incorporated into smaller workshop weekends focused on set dancing. Occasionally, sean-nós dancers from Ireland tour in the U.S. with well-known Irish traditional bands, such as The Chieftains and Dervish.
Minimalist means of preserving Irish music and dance.
The Irish people's practice of sean-nós dance, sean-nós song, lilting (or "mouth music"), and "the bones" (a simple percussion instrument) represents a minimalist means of preserving their musical and dance heritage — despite concerted efforts by the English authorities to usurp Irish music, dance, modes of dress, language (see Irish Gaelic and Hiberno-English), Catholic religion, nationality, and history — or simply due to a dearth of resources when emigrating. Accordingly, the Irish in America have been able to promulgate the dance and musical aspects of the Culture of Ireland — even after large waves of migration subsequent to highly disruptive events in Ireland, such as the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland or the Irish Potato Famine.

</doc>
<doc id="20520058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520058" title="Alexander Wang (designer)">
Alexander Wang (designer)

Alexander Wang (born December 26, 1983) is an American fashion designer and Creative Director of Balenciaga.
At age 18, he moved to New York City to attend Parsons. In 2005, after two years at Parsons, he decided to pursue the launch of his own label, which predominantly began with a knitwear collection. In Fall 2007, Wang presented a complete women’s ready-to-wear collection on the New York catwalk for the first time, to critical acclaim. He won the CFDA/"Vogue" Fashion Fund in 2008, an honor accompanied by a $20,000 award to expand one's business. That same year, he launched his first handbag collection. In 2009, women’s T by Alexander Wang was launched, followed by Men’s T by Alexander Wang a year later. In 2009 he was recognized by his peers when he was announced as the winner of the CFDA’s Swarovski Womenswear Designer of the Year Award. Also in 2009, Wang was the recipient of the Swiss Textiles Award. His lines are now stocked globally in more than 700 doors including luxury department stores such as Barneys New York, Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman, Dover Street Market, Browns, and Net-A-Porter.
Wang is known for his urban designs. After designing a Fall 2008 collection using black as the predominant color, he designed his Spring 2009 collection using bright colors such as orange, dusty purple, aqua and hot pink. Although he reverted to using mainly black fabrics, he was praised for showing great tailoring skills.
Early life.
Born in San Francisco, California, to Taiwanese- American parents, Alexander Wang went to summer design programs at OTIS and Central Saint Martins. Wang attended elementary and middle school at the Harker School. He went to boarding school in Pebble Beach, CA at Stevenson School for ninth grade. During the latter part of his teenage years, he lived in San Francisco and attended the Drew School for high school.
Career.
Wang launched his full women’s collection in 2007; the collections are selling to over 700 doors worldwide, and the brand has 16 stores in 7 countries. He was the winner of the 2008 Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA)/Vogue Fashion Fund Award. In the November 2010 issue of "Vogue" in remembrance of winning the award in 2008, in an article entitled "The Aluminati". In 2009, he was recognized by his peers when he was announced as the winner of the Swarovski Womenswear Designer of the Year and in October 2009, he was the recipient of the Swiss Textiles Award. Alex was celebrated again in 2010 with another Swarovski Designer of the Year Award, this time in the Accessory category. In 2011, GQ US acknowledged Wang as Best Menswear Designer of the Year. The same year he also won the CFDA’ s Best Accessory Designer award. In October 2013, Wang was honored with the ‘Fashion Star’ awarded by Fashion Group International. The award was presented to Wang by Hamish Bowles, European Editor-at-Large of Vogue US.
Alexander Wang's first flagship store opened in SoHo, New York on February 17, 2011. Wang has helped to revive an otherwise dissolving area Fashion’s east coast epicenter.
Vogue.com says about the Resort 2012 women's ready to wear collection June 2012; “Although Alexander Wang isn’t designing uniforms for the 2012 Olympics, his phone will likely ring off the hook next time around now that this collection’s out. “We were inspired by competitive swimmers, cyclists, and girls prepping for marathons,” Wang said at today’s primary-colored presentation, where perforated track vests, patchwork windbreakers, and utility track pants (accessorized with heeled sneaker-sandals) were skillfully translated for his urban loyalists. It was a focused and confident collection from the young, unstoppable designer who disclosed plans to open a two-story flagship in Beijing in 2012. In designing clothes that will be in his Grand Street store come November, Wang picked up fall’s baton for chic, luxe looks with athletic undertones, leaving behind fur-tipped opulence and concentrating instead on perforated, kinetic wear-ability. “I never really did sports growing up,” he said with a laugh, realizing the irony of the underlying sensibility that’s been with him since the start. “Maybe that’s why they intrigue me. The technology that goes into that clothing is steps ahead, so it’s always been something I look towards.””
On November 30, 2012, "Women's Wear Daily" reported that Wang has been named Creative Director at Balenciaga after Nicolas Ghesquière departed from the French house. “As Creative Director for Balenciaga, Alexander Wang oversees the Women’s and Men’s ready-to-wear and accessories lines. His debut Fall-Winter 2013 Balenciaga collection took place in February 2013, at the historic Balenciaga salons located at 10 avenue George V, Paris, 75008.
Sweatshop allegations.
On March 5, 2012 the "New York Post" reported a $50 million lawsuit against Wang for running a sweatshop in Chinatown, Manhattan. The article states that roughly 30 workers have complained about the labor conditions Wang provides.
One of the workers, Wenyu Lu claims that he was "hospitalized for several days after he passed out at his work station because he was forced to work 25 hours straight without a break." Lu claims that the 200 square foot office on Broadway is windowless and poorly ventilated and that workers have been forced to work 16 hours or more without overtime or breaks. The former worker's lawyer, Ming Hai, claims that Lu was eventually fired on February 16 due to complaints about working conditions and applying for workers' compensation.
According to "Women's Wear Daily" the plaintiffs involved in the suit are asking for $50 million per charge, adding up to $450 million for the 8 charges in total.
On August 14, 2012 WWD reported ‘Alexander Wang Lawsuit Dismissed’ . According to WWD – "New York federal court Judge Harold Baer on Monday dismissed the suit brought against the company by two former employees."
“We are gratified that this matter has been dismissed, as the allegations were unfounded and completely false,” a spokesman for Wang told WWD.
Lawyers for former Wang employees Flor Duarte and Wenyu Lu declined to comment.

</doc>
<doc id="20520077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520077" title="Dynamic International University College">
Dynamic International University College

Dynamic International University College is a private university located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. It was established in 2005.
The college offers Bachelor's degrees in Accounting, Economics, Business Management, Information Technology, Law, Modeling and Tourism Management. Its president is Dr. Tesfaye Ketsela.

</doc>
<doc id="20520083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520083" title="Barbara Rosenthal">
Barbara Rosenthal

Barbara Rosenthal (born 1948, The Bronx, New York) is an American avant-garde artist, writer and performer. Her existential themes have contributed to contemporary art and philosophy. Her pseudonyms include "Homo Futurus," taken from the title of one of her books, and ""Cassandra-on-the-Hudson"", which alludes to her studio and residence since 1998 on the Hudson River in Greenwich Village, NYC, and “the dangerous world she envisions”.
Rosenthal is idiosyncratic and prolific. She is known for often revisiting past works, recombining old elements with new, and often appears in her work in some way. These may include x-rays, brain scans and clothing. Sometimes she utilizes physical or textual elements from her journals. As a creative artist within the fields of surrealism and existentialism, Rosenthal brings existential content, via the subconscious, to conceptual art and is known for her intense introspection. and by using herself "as a guinea pig", explores what it means to be human. Her personal vision evolves with advancing technology.
As an artist, Rosenthal is known as an Old Master of New Media because of her long history in media including photography, video, performance, projection installation, interactive, electronic and digital media, text, collage, prints, artists' books and objects. Almost all are produced in editions. Most combine camera, text and performative aspects. Elements of Rosenthal's body of work, "Surreal Photography" are often present.
Education and early career.
At age eleven, Rosenthal was a weekly columnist for her town newspaper, "The Franklin Square Bulletin".
Rosenthal attended the Brooklyn Museum Art School, studying figure drawing and painting taught by Isaac Soyer, in 1962-64; the Art Students' League, for figure drawing and painting, NYC, in 1964-66; New York University, for Art History, NYC, in 1966. She attended Carnegie-Mellon University and while there was editor of the literary-art magazine, "Patterns", as a sophomore and once again as a senior. She spent her junior year at Temple University/Tyler School of Art in Rome, Italy, studying art and art history, in 1968-69; and received her BFA in painting from Carnegie-Mellon in 1970. She attended The City University of New York/City College, for education and psychology in 1970-71; Seattle Pacific College, for media and education of the gifted in 1972-73; and received her MFA in painting at The City University of New York/Queens College in 1975.
During her years as an art student and teacher, Rosenthal supplemented her earnings as an assembly-line-painting artist; as a photojournalist stringer for The Village Voice, The East Village Eye, and The New York Post; and as a go-go dancer at clubs including the famed Metropole Cafe and Club Mardi Gras in Times Square, New York City. From 1972-4, she taught printmaking and was director, set designer and lighting technician for several performances at the Lakeside School, a private high school in Seattle, Washington.
Teaching positions and other employment.
Rosenthal's first college teaching position was as a sabbatical replacement instructor of painting at Stephens College, Columbia, Missouri, in 1976-77. In 1982, with video pioneer Bill Creston, she founded eMediaLoft.org and .com. Since 1990, Rosenthal has taught writing as an adjunct lecturer at the College of Staten Island of The City University of New York (CUNY/CSI). Rosenthal has also taught photography, video, multi-media, painting, drawing, design, crafts and art history at other colleges, including, among those in New York, The School of Visual Arts (SVA) and Parsons School of Design, where she was editor and producer of "The College Council Faculty Affairs Newsletter". She also taught as an Adjunct Assistant Professor of Photography at SUNY/Nassau in 1994. She co-founded the Outrageous Consortium with filmmaker Margot Niederland in 2005; and founded The Museum of Modern Media in NYC, 2006.
Writing.
As a writer, Barbara Rosenthal produces aphorisms, slogans, quips, poetry, stories, novels, text-based art, artist's books, pamphlets, art criticism, reviews and essays. She has kept a lifelong journal since age eleven. The journal has itself been the subject of several international exhibitions. Most of her aphorisms concern the nature of time and reality. They are issued as “Provocation Cards”, which she hands out free in performance or on the street 
Her fiction, like her visual art, presents a grim world view, depicting surreal surroundings in which a lone individual faces incomprehensible situations. Rosenthal is a regular contributor to "NYArts Magazine" and is known for her principled stand against art as advocacy, which she labels “retro-garde”. This sets her in opposition to the prevailing political, cultural and feminist trends in contemporary art.
In 1982 Rosenthal became an associate member of The Women's Institute For Freedom of the Press, Washington, DC.
Image /text art.
Although, like many avant-garde artists, Barbara Rosenthal’s work is difficult to classify, it is usually described by categories of movement or media, even though many projects fuse elements from several: conceptual photography, surreal photography, artists' books and objects, installation, performance, video, film, cartoons, text-based art, mail art, and writings (in all forms of literature and exposition).
One important series that appears in several forms is “Homo Futurus,” which comprises two artist’s books of that title (one a blank book, eMediaLoft.org, 1984 and one with text and images, VSW Press, 1986), a wall work (shown at the Carlo Lamagna Gallery, 1987-88), and several print editions of various sizes. The purpose of this project has been described as lending insight into what makes us human, particularly in terms of ideals and values, and lending insight into the production of art, by citing information from the artist’s own experience and practice, as well as from various news sources. Imagery consists of reproduced news photos and articles, postcards, and personal archival and family photographs, juxtaposed with Rosenthal's "Surreal Photographs". Text is edited from Rosenthal’s "Journals".
One line in the offset book is "All history, documentation, journalism, diplomacy, thought, art, culture, etc., serve only to influence behavior of single individuals at single moments." Another is "The Flaw of the Ideal Is That It Does Not Encounter Time or Touch.".
These particular aphorisms, later designed as text-based art, also appear in Rosenthal's print suite "Provocation Cards," first issued as an anonymous Mail Art series in 1989, later as a portion of her video-performance "Lying Diary / Provocation Cards", 1990. These were later handed out during live performances called "Existential Interacts", often incorporating “Identity Theft Masks” and “Existential Button Pins." This interactive project, ongoing since 2005, has been produced in New York, 2005, Berlin, and Prague, London, Brussels and Paris. Enlarged "Provocation Cards" have also hung hung as wall art at the Lucas Carrieri Gallery (Berlin, 2009). Each time, the text and the image of the text were increasingly refined.
Two folios of “Provocation Cards Folio”, with variation of configuration, and translation in English, German and French, are in the collection of the Tate Gallery, London.
An exhibition and book launch for her project “Existential Cartoons”, with drawing, photography and captions in English and Russian was held at The L Gallery for Contemporary Art in Moscow, June 2006
Performance.
In the Tina B. Prague Contemporary Art Festival, October 2009, and again in 2010, she represented the United States in both Performance Art and Text-Based Art. In the medium of Performance Art, Rosenthal’s theme of individuality, human identity, and time is shared with her viewers most directly. Her performances usually mix installation, projected photographic images, text, video, mediated voice, music, and abstract sound. Her first performance/installation was “Self-Portrait Room”, 1968, but not thought of as being in those genres at the time
From 1976-1984, she performed in her videos by placing a stationary camera in front of a single-action life situation. In 1984, she began staging such actions, although still for video, sometimes with other performers, sometimes cutting segments together, such as the 1984 piece “Colors and Auras”, with poet Hannah Weiner and Sena Clara Creston, age 2. Rosenthal’s famous ventriloquism video of 1988, “How Much Does The Monkey Count”, was reprised in New York at CBGBs in 1991 and the Living Theater in 1992, but live performance, public appearances, or even readings were rare for her until 2005
From 1976-1996, she was the principal female actor in Super-8 films by Bill Creston, also producing several, seven of which were screened at The Museum of Modern Art in 1989.
In 2005, Rosenthal crashed the Performa05 Festival in NY with “Existential Interact” wearing her image-text “Button Pin Shirts” and handing out “Provocation Cards” in front of the Guggenheim Museum and White Box Gallery in New York. This interaction (often also incorporating “Identity Theft Masks” was performed at various iconic street locations in New YorkBerlin[31, Prague, London, Brussels, Paris and Brisbane.
The 2011 performance art annual, “Emergency Index” contains a spread about this project.) In 2013, Rosenthal began experimenting with video morphs, and included this technique in performances of “I’m Growing Up,” at Grace Exhibition Space in Brooklyn, NY; and at AudioPollen in Brisbane, Australia. This project utilizes the “Identity Theft Masks”, but Rosenthal herself stands immobile as a white screen on which photographs of her own changing image are projected.
As a performer and personality, Barbara Rosenthal is known for showmanship and panache, and is described as passionate, dynamic, self-effacing, idiosyncratic, deep-thinking and absurdist. Her physical trademarks are long, wild red hair and little round rose-tinted glasses. She is often barefoot. Her performances also often mix image, text and video.
Photography.
Photography is the medium that most expresses this artist’s subconscious as she apprehends reality. Particularly in her “Surreal Photography”, ongoing since 1976, Barbara Rosenthal “depicts original perceptions that imply psychological narrative". The images induce “metaphors in a viewer’s subconscious.”
She uses Olympus OM-1 35mm analog cameras to captures full-frame images. Until 2005 she shot only in black and white, which she hand processed and printed in her darkroom. Since 2006, she also shoots color film. She has continued to hand-process black-and white film, sending the color film to a commercial lab, but scans and digitally prints both types of negatives.
Of all her work, the photography most readily is shown in art galleries. In the past few years she has had solo or two-person photography shows in Peanut Underground, NYC (2013); Studio Baustelle, Berlin (2013); Visual Voice Gallery, Montreal (2012); and Galerie Glass, Berlin (2011). As with all her media, she works in several forms. Her “Surreal Photography” retains its full-frame rectangle. It comprises categories she calls “Free Birds", "Renegade Horses", "Trapped Figures", "Tiny Houses", "Strange Neighborhoods", "Aberrant Trees", "Dangerous Forests", "Sinister Landscapes", "Eerie Locations" and "Dark Continents". About 200 of her “Surreal Photographs” have been published by Visual Studies Workshop Press in her offset books. Her “Conceptual Photography”, which she’s worked in since the early 1980s, is considered within the new media genres of New Photography or Post-photography. Her work in this genre begins in 35mm, sometimes involves distortion, and sometimes is collaged with stills from her videos, or texts, or with found imagery or other materials. From 1978-88, she also worked as a photojournalist at New York newspapers including The New York Post and The Village Voice.
Video.
Barbara Rosenthal has made over 100 videos since 1976. She has worked in all gauges as the technology has changed. These include 1/2” open reel, 3/4-Umatic, VHS, mini-DV and HD. As in all the media she employs, her video is an “an investigation into the nature of individuality and its covalent relationships with language and culture.” 
Formally, Rosenthal’s work uses devices such as disruption, rhythm, repetition, manipulation of sequencing and audio tracks, decrease of interval, divisions on the screen, presentations of tension and release, relentlessness and endurance, which Australian art historian Barb Bolt refers to as Rosenthal’s “choreography.”
The first works, “The Haircut” and “The Bath” began with 1/2” open reel portapak partnering with Bill Creston. In 1982, she won a Festival Prize for “Helen Webster: Cancer and Self-Discovery” at the Global Village Video Festival in New York. In 1988, her videos “Leah Gluck: Victim of the Twins Experiments” and “Women in the Camps” were shown in installation at The Jewish Museum, New York.
Although all Rosenthal's work is presented in a straightforward manner, her video is the most deceptively simple. The videos are often very brief, and like her other works, consist of text (sometimes onscreen, and sometimes in a title pun) and/or performance and/or single-shot surreal photography, or straight-on cinematography. These images and texts come directly from observation of a real phenomenon often shot in the course of her real life.
Then, if a more profound significance becomes apparent to her, they are presented without adulteration or commentary, either with or without juxtaposition of related footage to reveal a personal vision that is often considered political.
It is this simple exposure of real, extant phenomenon, without "artistic" additions, that reveals her world view, which often seems bleak. Nevertheless, much of it contains wry humor. It is often honed and remade, with sections added and refined over the years.
One such video is "Dead Heat," which premièred at her mini-retrospective at The Directors Lounge in Berlin, June 25, 2009. It is a 3-minute piece consisting of 4 horizontal split-screen segments which were shot in different video gauges between 1987 and 2009. In each segment, a figure transverses the screen, apparently in real time, from left to right: a bird, a horse, herself, a ship. But because each takes its own time, Rosenthal repeats the transverse crossing, so they lap each other. But she has mathematically tweaked the timing, so that each figure enters the screen on frame one and leaves the screen on the final frame, simultaneously. The bird, being the fastest, repeats the traverse many times, and the ship (which was shot from her window on the Hudson), only once. The horse (ridden by one of her children across the cornfield of one of her friends) and herself (in a park in Berlin) cross at their own speed. The title, "Dead Heat", is an American pun that means a tied race, so, upon analysis, it can be understood to mean that our lives as individuals might be lived according to our own natures, but we all begin with the same first step, and we all end, together, in death.
Despite the seriousness of her themes, most videos are presented through an absurdist perspective, revealing the difficulty of true human communication. Nevertheless her work forces an attempt “to understand our entire species.”
Many of her early videos are receiving current attention. “Ola Writes the Alphabet” 1982, made with her daughter at age 3, was shown for several weeks in installation at the Stefan Stux Gallery, New York, August–September, 2013. Also in September, 2013, her 1979 piece, “Pregnancy Dreams / Priming a Wall” was revived by XFR-STN, the Transfer Station project at The New Museum in New York. In both segments Rosenthal is nude and 9-months pregnant. In the first part, a black and white stationary camera records her painting a wall during a radio broadcast; and in the second part, a transfer of Super-8 color film shot by Bill Creston, she reads scatological dreams from her Journal. This piece had received intense approbation when it premièred in 1980 at BACA Brooklyn Art and Culture Association, but is now acclaimed.
Several of her videos also depict or include the Journal, including "January 10, 1986".
Besides partnering in New York and Missouri with Bill Creston in her early videos, as well as his films, she has partnered in Berlin, Germany with DJ RoBeat for several of her videos and live performances since 2008.
Art philosophy.
In a videotaped 1992 panel discussion with critic Ellen Handy about art-making at The Gallery Of Contemporary Art in Fairfield, Connecticut, she enumerated many "dictums that guide production: that pattern serve as color; that as few materials are used as possible; that as little space is used as possible; that there be no embellishment or superfluous element of design; that a work be visible and present new elements at every distance; that it engage a viewer differently from separate vantages; that it reach several centers of the psyche simultaneously; so a viewer is left room to freely associate; that mystery is always present; that it does not advocate; that it does not mimic past successes; that it can maintain its veracity in an imaginary room of great works; that it be available to everyone and that it be both produced and priced at lowest possible cost."
In 2013, Rosenthal gave lectures in Melbourne, Australia at Monash University and Victorian College of Art entitled “Authenticity in Art” and “The Medium is NOT the Message”. She said that originality should be prized, and artists not adopt anyone else’s style; that “art expresses an individual’s world view”; that an artist must mine their own observations and “produce work from their own soul and psyche,” which is the title of her 1996 book. She also insists that content, not form or medium is what ultimately communicates a work of art, but that the work not be an illustration of an already understood empiricism, but a search toward one that can ultimately be apprehended, but is still not conscious within the artist until after the work is produced.
Her methodology is that noting events in her Journal leads to insights which lead to ideas. She uses materials and people from her real life.
Recent solo exhibitions.
Recent solo exhibitions include the following:
Rosenthal's group shows include venues such as Jewish Museum (New York), and the Stenersenmuseet Museum, Oslo, Norway.
Major collections.
The largest holdings of Rosenthal's works in Europe are at Artpool Art Research Center, and the Tate Britain Library, London, England. The largest American holdings of her work are in The Dadabase Collection of The Museum of Modern Art and The Whitney Museum of American Art. Her archives, including over one hundred volumes of workbooks and "Journals", and fifty drafts of her unpublished novel, ""Wish For Amnesia"", are currently housed at eMediaLoft.org, NYC, and bequeathed to the Special Collections of the Hunt Library at Carnegie-Mellon University, upon her death.
Grants, honors, awards.
In 2013, Barbara Rosenthal received participation in the New Museum’s XFR-STN Transfer Station media archiving project.
In 2006, Rosenthal received an Artist's Residency from the Red Gate Gallery, Beijing This follows residencies in 2000 at Visual Studies Workshop Press, Rochester, NY; an Amiga Computer Video Imaging Residency Grant at Adaptors/Brooklyn, NY, in 1996; three Electronic Arts Grant Video Residency, Experimental TV Center, Owego, NY in 1989, 90 and 91; a Harvestworks Audio-Video Residency, NYC in 1988 and a Video Arts Residency at Real Art Ways, Hartford, CT in 1988.
Monetary awards have included a Media Presentation Grant from Experimental TV Center, Owego, NY in 2000; Finishing Funds from Film Bureau in NYC 1991; a New York State Council on the Arts Video Facility Subsidy Grant at Margolis/Brown Adaptors, Brooklyn, NY in 1998; a Finishing Funds Grant from Media Bureau/The Kitchen in NYC, in 1988; three Artists Space/Artists Grants in NYC 1986, 89 and 90; and a Creative Arts for Public Service C.A.P.S. Grant in Video, New York State, in 1984.
Rosenthal received a Medal of Honor from the Brussels Ministry of Culture, Brussels, Belgium, in 1990; Rosenthal received a Global Village Documentary Festival Award in NYC, 1983; listing as a Fiction Writer, Poet, and Spoken Word Artist by Poets & Writers, NYC, since 1986; and elected membership in Pi Delta Epsilon National Publications Honor Society, USA, in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20520089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520089" title="Foundation for California Community Colleges">
Foundation for California Community Colleges

The Foundation for California Community Colleges is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt nonprofit organization based in Sacramento, California. It was incorporated in 1998 by Dr. Larry Toy, the founding president and chief executive officer of the organization. The organization has annual operating revenue of over $35 million. The Foundation's mission is to benefit, support, and enhance the California Community Colleges. It is the official foundation to the California Community Colleges Chancellor's Office and Board of Governors. The Foundation's Board of Directors is currently composed of eight individuals, each serving six-year terms. Members include: Patricia Sullivan, Lance Izumi, Dan Noell, Isabel Barreras, Jan Dehesh, Mario Camara, Gary Reed, and James Sargen.<br>
On May 6, 2008, The Bernard Osher Foundation California awarded an upfront gift of $25 million to announce the California Community Colleges Scholarship Endowment, which is managed by the Foundation for California Community Colleges and benefits students at all 112 California Community Colleges. This is believed to be the largest donation to a public two-year college system in US history.This gift launched a three-year fundraising campaign on behalf of the Community Colleges, resulting in a $67.7 million scholarship fund that will fund at least 3,380 scholarships every year, in perpetuity. 
The Foundation is actively involved in programs that improve air quality throughout the state of California, and has administered the California Department of Consumer Affairs—Bureau of Automotive Repair (BAR) Smog Check Referee program and Call Center since 2004. Referee Centers are located on 31 Community College campuses and two vocational centers, and offer students the opportunity to gain on-the-job training in the automotive industry. Over 100 students are trained through these centers each year. The Referee program assists consumers with routine California Smog Check appointments and specialized services such as locating hard-to-find parts, certifying exemptions, and issuing cost waivers. In addition, the Foundation operates a Call Center that assists consumers in scheduling smog check appointments and answering questions about automotive smog issues. <br>
On August 20, 2010, the Foundation announced a $10.9 million award from the United States Department of Commerce’s National Telecommunications and Information Administration for Broadband Technology Opportunities Program (BTOP) to create the California Connects program, designed to increase digital literacy and Internet usage in underserved California communities by working with the 33 Mathematics, Engineering, Science Achievement (MESA) programs in California Community Colleges Now in its second year, this program has created new jobs in California; purchased products from California and USA businesses; began the process of developing digital literacy modules for all Californians to access; and forged new relationships with government agencies, educational entities and business and industry leaders. <br>
On February 16, 2010, the Foundation announced a grant award of $20 million arising from the Reformulated Gasoline Settlement Fund. This fund was created as a result of an antitrust class action. The purpose of the fund is to achieve a clean air or fuel efficiency benefit for California consumers. With these funds, the Foundation administered the Vehicle Repair, Retirement and Replacement for Motorists (VRRRM) program, which helped consumers throughout California to repair, retire, or replace their high-polluting vehicles through the program’s suspension in August 2012.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20520092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520092" title="Northampton Academy">
Northampton Academy

Northampton Academy (formerly "Lings Upper School") is a mixed secondary school and sixth form in Northampton, Northamptonshire for students aged 11 to 18. Since September 2004, it has been an Academy.
The school is annexed to the Lings Forum leisure centre. It is part of United Learning, a subsidiary of the United Church Schools Trust (UCST), a large education charity which owns and operates a group of 11 independent schools. It claims to be fully inclusive and both welcome and respect students and staff of all faiths and none. From an aerial view, the school outline is supposed to resemble a fish, to represent the school's Christian ethos.
Houses.
There are five houses at the Academy, named after influential figures with local ties.

</doc>
<doc id="20520121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520121" title="Mike Needham">
Mike Needham

Michael Lawrence Needham (born April 4, 1970) is a former professional ice hockey player in the NHL. He played in parts of two NHL seasons with the Pittsburgh Penguins and Dallas Stars from 1992 to 1994. He also appeared in five games during the 1992 Stanley Cup Playoffs, for which he earned a Stanley Cup ring as a member of the Penguins.

</doc>
<doc id="20520132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520132" title="Skin (2008 film)">
Skin (2008 film)

Skin is a British-South African 2008 biographical film directed by Anthony Fabian, about Sandra Laing, a South African woman born to white parents, who was classified as "Coloured" during the apartheid era, due to a genetic case of atavism. "Skin" premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on 7 September 2009.
The film was released to a limited number of US cinemas on 30 October 2009. It started showing in South Africa on 22 January 2010, and in Australia and New Zealand 25 July 2010.
Synopsis.
The year is 1965, and 10 year-old Sandra and her parents, Abraham and Sannie, are white Afrikaners. Her parents are shopkeepers in a remote area of the Eastern Transvaal and, despite Sandra's mixed-race appearance, have lovingly brought her up as their white little girl. Sandra is sent to a boarding school in the neighbouring town of Piet Retief, where her (white) brother Leon is also studying, but parents of other students and teachers complain that she does not belong. 
She is examined by State officials, reclassified as coloured, and expelled from the school. Sandra's parents are shocked, but Abraham fights through the courts to have the classification reversed. The story becomes an international scandal and media pressure forces the law to change, so that Sandra is classified as officially white again.
By the time she is 17, Sandra realises she is never going to be accepted by the white community. She falls in love with Petrus, a young black man and the local vegetable seller, and begins an illicit love affair. Abraham threatens to shoot Petrus and disown Sandra. Sannie is torn between her husband's rage and her daughter's predicament. Sandra elopes with Petrus to Swaziland. Abraham alerts the police, and has them arrested and put in prison for the illegal border crossing. Sandra is released by the local magistrate to return home with her parents, but she decides to return to Petrus, as she is pregnant with his child. Her father disowns her.
Now Sandra must live her life as a coloured woman in South Africa for the first time, restricted to housing with no running water and no sanitation, and struggling on little income. Although she feels more at home in this community, she desperately misses her parents and yearns for a reunion. She and her mother make attempts to communicate, but are consistently thwarted by Sandra's father. Late in his life, when he is too sick to act on his own, he reconsiders and asks his wife to take him to visit Sandra. Sandra's mother, angry that his new-found guilt had surfaced only after he had for 10 years stubbornly ignored her own emotional torment and longing for a reunion, refuses his request and says that neither of them deserves Sandra's forgiveness.
Eventually, Sandra's marriage to Petrus deteriorates and he becomes physically abusive. She leaves him, taking their two children with her. She looks for her parents but finds they had since moved from her childhood home. Not knowing where they are, she continues with her life, raising her children by herself. She marries again and has three more children; they are all classified as "coloured". 
When the county's apartheid government comes to an end, there is renewed in interest in her story by the media. Sandra's mother sees Sandra interviewed on television and writes to her to tell her of her father's death two years earlier. The letter provides no return address nor any other clue as to Sannie's whereabouts, but receiving it prompts Sandra to renew her search. Eventually, she finds her mother living in a nursing home and the two are happily reunited.
An epilogue tells that Sandra's mother died in 2001, and her two brothers continue to refuse to see her or her family.
Awards.
Skin has won 19 international festival awards, including Santa Barbara International Film Festival (Audience Award), Los Angeles Pan African Film Festival (Audience and Jury Awards), AFI Dallas International Film Festival (Audience Award), Palm Beach International Film Festival (Jury Award, Best Film), Rochester High Falls International Film Festival (Audience Award), Tri-Continental, South Africa (Audience Award), Bordeaux Cinema Science Film Festival (Grand Jury Prize, Best Film), Mediterrante Film Festival (Bari), Italy (Best Film), Belize International Film Festival (Audience Award), Moondance International Film Festival, USA (Best Score, Hélène Muddiman), Accolade Award For Excellence (Original Score Hélène Muddiman), United Nations Time For Peace Award (Voted by 21 UN Abassadors), Amnesty International Humanitarian Award (Italy), Griffon Environmental Award, Giffoni Film Festival, Italy, Orange Film Prize, Ability Media International Awards, MAE Moseac Award for Best Independent Film, MAE Moseac Award for Best Actress (Sophie Okonedo), Bahamas International Film Festival, Rising Star Award, Sophie Okonedo.
Nominations.
British Independent Film Awards 2009, Best Actress (Sophie Okonedo)
NAACP Image Awards 2010 (Outstanding Foreign Film and Best Actress, Sophie Okonedo)
Black Reel Awards 2010 (Sophie Okonedo, Best Actress)
Political Film Society, (Best Film)
Ivor Novello Awards (Best Score), Hélène Muddiman

</doc>
<doc id="20520152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520152" title="Gregory Balestrero">
Gregory Balestrero

Gregory Balestrero (born July 16, 1947 in New York City) is an American industrial engineer, and CEO Emeritus of the Project Management Institute. He has a record of overseeing administrative, financial and internal affairs for professional associations.
Biography.
Gregory Balestrero is the son of Christopher Emmanuel and Rose (Giolito) Balestrero. In 1970 he earned a bachelor's degree in industrial engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology. From 1994 to 2002, he served as executive director of the Construction Specifications Institute (CSI), an organization for construction professionals in non-residential building construction, based in Alexandria, Virginia USA. He previously held the position of executive director at the Institute of Industrial Engineers (IIE), headquartered in Norcross, GA, where he has been serving as acting executive director since 1987. Between 2002 and 2010 he was President and CEO of the Project Management Institute.
Balestrero served as the 2003-2004 Board Chairman of the Greater Washington Society of Association Executives (GWSAE) and an active member and former president of the Council of Engineering and Scientific Society Executives (CESSE). Balestrero also is a member of the Committee of 100, of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. He is a current member of the American Society of Association Executives (ASAE), where he serves on the Board of Directors for ASAE’s Center for Association Leadership (CAL); the Institute of Industrial Engineers (IIE); and the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME).
Balestrero was honored with a fellowship in the World Academy of Productivity Scientists and is an honorary member of Alpha Pi Mu, an industrial engineering honor society. In 2004 he received China's 2004 Friendship Award at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
In March 2012, Balestrero joined International Institute for Learning, where he serves as a Strategic Adviser for a new program addressing Corporate Consciousness, Leadership and Sustainability. 
Project Management Institute.
Gregory Balestrero moved to the Project Management Institute (PMI), when in 2002 he became its president and CEO. He succeeded Virgil R. Carter, former executive director of the Institute. Balestrero continued the rapid expansion started during Carter's tenure, almost tripling the number of members in seven years. His two primary goals for PMI are: building a superior project management practice and gaining global acceptance for the profession. During his tenure, PMI has grown from 93,000 in 2002 to over 260,000 members in 2008 in over 150 countries worldwide.
At January 15, 2011 he retired and became CEO Emeritus at the Project Management Institute. He has been succeeded by Mark A. Langley, former Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at the PMI, and the new President and Chief Executive Officer since December 2010.
Organizational Survival.
After retiring from the Project Management Institute in 2011, Balestrero traveled around the world delivering keynote addresses and consulting with businessleaders about the challenges of a global business economy faced withinstability and limited resources. His experiences led Greg to co-author OrganizationalSurvival: Profitable Strategies for a Sustainable Future with business strategist Nathalie Udo.

</doc>
<doc id="20520159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520159" title="Maryville Academy">
Maryville Academy

The Maryville Academy is a Roman Catholic institution for the treatment of physically, sexually, and emotional abused children, located in Des Plaines, Illinois. Founded in 1883, it operated under the leadership of Father John P. Smyth, formerly an All-American basketball player at Notre Dame University, from 1970 until 2003, and it hosts the Chicagoland Sports Hall of Fame. 
In 2002-2003 the academy was adversely impacted by a resident's suicide, reports of physical and sexual assaults among residents and charges of poor accounting. The State of Illinois pulled residents from the facility until 2007.
Pete Townshend became involved with the academy, and between 1997 and 2002, Townshend played five benefit shows for Maryville Academy, raising at least $1,600,000. His 1998 album "A Benefit for Maryville Academy" was made to support the activities of the academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20520163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520163" title="John Brallier">
John Brallier

John Kinport "Sal" Brallier (December 12, 1876 – September 17, 1960) was one of the first professional American football players. He was nationally acknowledged as the first openly paid professional football player when he was given $10 to play for the Latrobe Athletic Association for a game against the Jeanette Athletic Association in 1895.
Early life.
Brallier was born in Cherry Tree, Pennsylvania, near Indiana. He was the son of Dr. Emanuel Brallier, a physician, and his wife, Lucy M. Kinport Brallier. His grandparents were from Alsace-Lorraine, accounting for the French-sounding name. As a boy, Brallier remembered having worked in a glass factory. His first recollection of football was in 1890, at the age of 13, playing in high school for the West Indiana Public School team. By his sophomore year in 1892, he was the captain and right halfback.
In 1893, while still attending high school, also played quarterback for the Indiana Normal football club in 1893 and 1894. The team won three of four games played that year. Among Brallier’s teammates was left guard Alex Stewart, future father of movie star James Stewart. During the fourth game of the 1894 season, Normal lost 28–0 to Washington & Jefferson College. However, Brallier’s outstanding play led the Presidents coach E. Gard Edwards to write from Pittsburgh asking Brallier to play football for his team. Further correspondence followed through the winter between Brallier and Washington & Jefferson Presidents manager H. Wilson Boyd. The result was that Brallier agreed to go to Washington & Jefferson “if all expenses are paid for the entire year.” The young football star graduated from Indiana Public School that spring and was awaiting the start of college when something happened 30 miles away in Latrobe, Pennsylvania that was to affect his career and the rest of his life.
Football career.
Pro football pioneer.
In 1895 the town of Latrobe established a formal football team. However, just before the start of the season, Latrobe quarterback Eddie Blair found himself in a scheduling conflict. Blair, who also played baseball in nearby Greensburg discovered that the team's first football game against the Jeannette Athletic Club conflicted with a prior baseball commitment. Manager David Berry, who was now seeking a replacement for Blair, had heard of Brallier's performance as Indiana Normal's quarterback. He contacted the 17-year-old at his home in Indiana and offered him expenses to play for Latrobe. However, Brallier was not particularly anxious to play, anticipating his entrance into Washington & Jefferson College in a few weeks. The young quarterback was afraid that an injury would jeopardize his scholarship, so the Latrobe offered to pay him to "make it worthwhile". Finally, Berry offered $10 a game plus expenses, while promising several other games and he threw in "some cakes". This offer made Brallier the first openly paid football player. The quarterback arrived in Latrobe the night before the game and practiced with the team under a street light. Latrobe would go on to win the game. Brallier kicked two field goals for a final score of 12–0.
While Brallier was considered the first professional football player and deemed a national icon for many years, it wasn't until after his death in 1960 that evidence proved John Brallier was not in fact the first professional football player, but merely the first one to openly admit he was paid. William "Pudge" Heffelfinger of the Allegheny Athletic Association is now considered the first professional player.
College career.
Brallier remained with Latrobe for a second game against an Altoona squad before leaving for college. Brallier promptly won the varsity quarterback position at Washington & Jefferson, and made his first start for the Presidents on September 28, 1895 against Denison University. Washington & Jefferson won the game 32–0. The 1895 Washington & Jefferson team won six games, tied Penn State University, and lost only to the Pittsburgh Athletic Club, which was composed of former college stars. After the Washington & Jefferson season, Brallier returned to Latrobe to play another game, against Greensburg Athletic Association on November 30, 1895, which ended in a 4–0 loss. Brallier suffered an injury late in the game.
Going into the 1896 season, Brallier had nine different offers from schools, colleges, and athletic clubs to play football for them. Both Washington & Jefferson and Latrobe wanted him to return, and his services also were sought by West Virginia University, Grove City College, Kiski Prep, Indiana Normal, Johnstown Athletic Club, Allegheny Athletic Association, and the Pittsburgh Athletic Club. 
He accepted the West Virginia University offer, since he wanted to continue his education and the Mountaineers' offer was better than other schools could offer. However, he later stated that "unfortunately, the football management got into financial difficulties and could not take care of their men as promised." Brallier and two other players left after four games, one with Geneva College and three with Lafayette College, had been played. Brallier had captained the team and "Doggie" Trenchard, a former All-American from Princeton was the Mountaineer's coach. After the Lafayette game, Brallier accepted a Latrobe Athletic Association's offer to serve as its quarterback and coach.
Returning to the pro ranks.
After Latrobe's season, Brallier received an offer from a hotel proprietor who managed Punxsutawney’s team to assemble some football talent to play for Punxsutawney in a deciding third game with rival DuBois. After a fun-filled week of practice and occupancy of the hotel’s third floor, the game at DuBois lasted only 12 minutes before a riot ended play with Punxsutawney leading, 12–0. Both teams had outsiders with Latrobe's Harry Ryan and Ed Abbaticchio joining Brallier. The problem arose when the officials disallowed a DuBois score, although Punxsutawney's captain, Lawson Fiscus, offered to start the game anew with no score. Speculation was that the riot gave DuBois a chance to escape what may have been a rather sound drubbing in a game on which great amounts of money had been wagered. Brallier returned to Latrobe for the 1897 season.
On May 11, 1898, during the Spanish–American War, Brallier entered the U.S. Army. Although he was not mustered out until November, he was stationed near Latrobe for football season. He signed a contract to play for Latrobe for $150 and expenses for the season. He played three games, then left in mid-October to join the Pittsburgh Athletic Club at an increase in salary. After the Pittsburgh team’s season was over he rejoined Latrobe for a final game against the Greensburg Athletic Association.
Second college career.
In the fall of 1899, Brallier received an offer from the University of Pennsylvania to play quarterback. However, Penn had worried that Brallier had played so much professional ball that the school's amateur standing would be at stake. Pennsylvania was trying quite hard to get Harvard on their schedule. However, Harvard had refused to play Penn on the grounds that some of Quakers' players were not amateurs.
After the Penn incident Brallier toured the city’s dental schools and decided to attend Medico-Chirurgical College, from where his older brother had graduated the year before. Ironically Medico-Chi, as it was called, later became part of the University of Pennsylvania. Before leaving for school that fall, Brallier helped coach the Indiana Normal team and turned down a Latrobe offer. Brallier had planned to give up football for his studies. However, pressure from the football coach and squad members changed his mind. Brallier was elected captain and quarterbacked the school’s undefeated team which wound up gloriously with a win over rival Jefferson Medical College. 
During the summers of 1899 and 1900, John Brallier worked with the surveying corps of Lackawanna Iron & Steel Company. In 1900, he helped lay out the town of Wehrum south of Vintondale, Pennsylvania in Cambria County. Before the 1900 season, Brallier had an offer from the University of Maryland to take up the coaching position.” He refused it, stating that he wanted to dedicate more time to his studies. He returned to Medico-Chi and captained another undefeated team in its regular schedule. He graduated in 1902 with a degree in Orthodontia.
Returning again to the pro ranks.
Brallier rejoined the Latrobe football team as player-coach for 1902. He had turned down pro football offers from the Franklin Athletic Club and Oil City Athletic Club, located in northwestern Pennsylvania. From 1903 to 1905 Brallier led Latrobe to three straight undefeated seasons. Including wins against the Canton Bulldogs, who later became a founding member of the National Football League. Brallier wrote in retrospect in 1934 that the 1903 Latrobe backfield “was the best I had ever played with and the best I have ever seen.” In 1906 the team began to experience financial problems. Brallier finished his career in 1907 and was considered as one of the best players of his era, right alongside Pudge Heffelfinger. In 1907, the decrease in community interest and the team's change to an amateur club status coincided with his last year as a player, although he continued to help coach local town teams.
After football.
Brallier went on to practice dentistry, and served the community during a 20-year tenure as a school director, from which he retired at the end of 1931. In March 1941, tragedy struck when his wife was killed in an automobile accident. In the early 1950s, Latrobe was recognized by the National Football League as the birthplace of professional football, and Dr. Brallier was given lifetime passes for all National Football League games. Latrobe became a candidate for the proposed Pro Football Hall of Fame but the Hall went to Canton, Ohio.
Brallier spent his time, after retirement, in parts of Canada and Florida. He enjoyed his recognition as one of the first professional football players. When he died on September 17, 1960, at age 83, he was the last surviving member of the Latrobe football team. In 1979, John Brallier was voted one of the "Best Pros Not in the Hall of Fame" by the Pro Football Researchers Association.
Family.
In February, 1904, the engagement of Bess Garnette Moorhead of Indiana to now Dr. John K. Brallier of Latrobe was announced, and a wedding followed in April.

</doc>
<doc id="20520193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520193" title="Skeeter Shelton">
Skeeter Shelton

Andrew Kemper "Skeeter" Shelton (June 29, 1888 – January 9, 1954) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He was born and died in Huntington, West Virginia.
Shelton played for the New York Yankees in the season, appearing in 10 consecutive games over an eight-day period from August 25 to September 1. In his ten career games, he had one hit in 40 at-bats for a .025 batting average.
He batted and threw right-handed. Shelton was the baseball coach at West Virginia University from 1918 to 1920 and at Marshall University from 1922 to 1923. 

</doc>
<doc id="20520208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520208" title="Kurumulloor">
Kurumulloor

Kurumulloor is a small village located around 3 miles from Ettumanoor, Kottayam district, Kerala, India. You can reach Kurumullor via neighboring places like Kothanalloor, Neendoor, Kaipuzha and Manjoor South. There are several famous churches and temples located at this village. It is also located 3 miles from Athirumpuzha.
The population consists of Christians and Hindus.

</doc>
<doc id="20520218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520218" title="Shanghai Masters">
Shanghai Masters

There are several sporting events incorporating the name Shanghai Masters:

</doc>
<doc id="20520231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520231" title="Conimicut, Rhode Island">
Conimicut, Rhode Island

Conimicut is a community located in Kent County, Rhode Island.
Geography.
It is at latitude 41.724 and longitude -71.383 with an average elevation of 46 feet. Conimicut appears on the East Greenwich U.S. Geological Survey Map.
It has a standard Zip code 02889. The population in ZIP Code Tabulation Area 02889 was 29,503 with 12,003 housing units; a land area of 8.77 sq. miles; a water area of 0.15 sq. miles; and a population density of 3,365.58 people per sq. mile per the 2000 Census.
The main road passing through Conimicut is West Shore Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20520243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520243" title="Willow in the Wind">
Willow in the Wind

Willow in the Wind is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Kathy Mattea. It was released in 1989 (see 1989 in country music) on Mercury Records. The album is her highest-peaking entry on the Top Country Albums charts, where it reached #6. It was also certified gold by the RIAA. Four singles were released from it, and all four reached Top Ten on the "Billboard" country singles charts. First were the back-to-back Number One hits "Come from the Heart" and "Burnin' Old Memories", followed by the #10 "Where've You Been" and #2 "She Came from Fort Worth". "Where've You Been" was also a minor hit on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts, peaking at #25 there. This song also earned her the 1990 Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance.

</doc>
<doc id="20520244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520244" title="Frank L. Bodine">
Frank L. Bodine

Frank Lee Bodine (April 10, 1874 – after 1930) was an American architect who practiced in Asbury Park, New Jersey and in Orlando, Florida in the first four decades of the twentieth century.
Bodine was born April 10, 1874 in Bridgeton, New Jersey. He is the son of Jeremiah Nixon Bodine and Annie Alexander Milliken. J. Nixon Bodine was a prosperous glass manufacturer.
Bodine was an 1899 graduate of the University of Pennsylvania with a B.S. degree in architecture. While a student at Penn, he was awarded the T-Square Club prize, in 1897. From offices in Asbury Park, New Jersey, Frank L. Bodine designed a number of passenger depots for the Central Railroad of New Jersey, including Somerville, White House and Westfield. The Somerville depot is especially notable. The 1890 structure is perhaps the most distinctive station in the Raritan Valley, with its large stone arches, variety of dormers and corner turret with bell-shaped roof. 
In addition to the many early New Jersey railroad stations, Bodine designed multiple civic, commercial and major residential commissions in New Jersey, New York, and Florida from 1890s to the 1930s. One of the most notable structures he designed is the office building that housed the offices of Woodrow Wilson at the time of his election to presidency and the site of his acceptance.
Although Bodine submitted an architectural proposal for the 1903/1904 Carnegie Library in Bayonne the proposal that was accepted came from Edward Lippincott Tilton. Tilton also designed a rectangular Annex at the rear of the building in 1914. Architect Charles Shilowitz designed two wings that form a courtyard at the front of the building in a major addition between 1929 and 1933. 
In 1917, his addresses were: 925 Chestnut St., Phila., and 320 Midland Avenue, St. Davids, PA.
On September 12, 1918, Bodine registered for the World War I draft in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania. From 1920 to 1930, Frank and Ida H. Bodine were living in Radnor, Delaware County. In 1920 Bodine won a state-wide competition for the design of an Architect's Certificate sponsored by the Pennsylvania State Board of Examiners of Architects; at that time, his address was in St. Davids, PA. Bodine was for a time employed in the practice of "Rankin, Kellogg and Crane" of Philadelphia.
By the mid-1920s the Bodines established a winter residence in Orlando, Florida, at 15 E. Amelia Avenue, later moving to 1312 Ferncreek Avenue. His office was at 126 South Orange Avenue. Bodine's was one of 10 architectural firms listed in Orlando in 1926, the others including: Fred E. Field, David Hyer, Murry S. King, George E. Krug, Howard M. Reynolds, Frederick H. Trimble, Ryan and Roberts (Ida Annah Ryan and Isabel Roberts) and Percy P. Turner. Bodine practiced architecture in both states thereafter. The couple had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="20520245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520245" title="Muhammad Rahim al Afghani">
Muhammad Rahim al Afghani

Muhammad Rahim al Afghani (currently about forty-seven years of age) was born in eastern Afghanistan. The well-educated, multilingual Muhammad Rahim worked for an Afghan government committee that worked to eliminate opium poppies from the nation. Unfortunately, he was eventually forced to leave his job by the Taliban. In 1979, Rahim fled Afghanistan with is brother over the border of Pakistan. Their departure was triggered by the Soviet Union invasion into Afghanistan.
In 2007 "The Nation" reported that Mohammed Rahim and Sheikh Ilyas Khel had been apprehended by Pakistani security officials.
"The Nation" described him as ""Osama bin Laden’s special aide"", and asserted he had negotiated with Hazrat Ali in early 2002.
While in Pakistan, Muhammad Rahim was captured and turned over to the CIA for interrogations regarding Rahim's interactions with the Taliban. In CIA custody, Rahim was subjected to long periods of sleep deprivation. After several months of CIA interrogations, however, Rahim, in March 2008, was sent to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba where he is held in extrajudicial detention. Described as a "tough, seasoned jihadist" by the head of the CIA, Rahim was accused of helping Osama bin Laden escape capture as well as working as bin Laden's translator and assistant. Rahim is the last prisoner to have been sent to Guantanamo. Despite his five years in Guantanamo, no charges have been made against Muhammad Rahim. The US military will not divulge whether Rahim will ever be charged and tried in a military commission. Rahim is currently not listed as a detainee that could be cleared for release from Guantanamo. He is also not a possible candidate for an exchange peace deal.
The United States Department of Defense announced he had been transferred to military custody on 14 March 2008.
According to "Agence France-Presse":
The "New York Times" reports that he was the first captive to be transferred from CIA custody in close to a year.
He was captured in Lahore, Pakistan, in July 2008, and held in CIA custody until his transfer to Guantanamo on March 28, 2008.
According to the official press release announcing his transfer to Guantanamo he had been held in the CIA's network of secret interrogation centers prior to his transfer to Guantanamo. The Pentagon classified him as a high value detainee, an appellation he shared with the 14 captives transferred from the CIA on September 6, 2006, and with Abdul Hadi al Iraqi.
That press release stated:
While in Guantanamo Bay, Muhammad Rahim is being detained in Camp 7, a place for men who are deemed "'high value' detainees by the US Government." While in American custody in Guantanamo, Rahim has yet to have charges filed against him or have a court appearance to defend himself and present his case.
In late November 2008 the "New York Times" published a page220px summarizing the official documents from each captive.
The New York Times stated that no further official records of his detention—no Combatant Status Review Tribunal had been published.
They identified him as identified captive 10030.
They identified him as a "high value detainee".
In 2002 the "BBC" reported that an individual named Mohammed Rahim" was one of the Taliban senior leader Mohammed Omar's drivers.
According to the "BBC", in an interview with "Reuters" in January 2002, Mohammed Rahim described how the Taliban's senior leader escaped two American missile strikes.
In his interview Mohammed Rahim said that when Mohammed Omar's home in Kandahar was hit by a missile strike he engaged him to drive his taxi, containing Mohammed Omar, his second wife, and several of his children to Sangisar, an hour away.
Almost immediately after their arrival, and exit from his taxi, it too was struck by a missile. The missile struck the taxi, nothing else in the village was targeted.Mohammed Rahim said he fled one way, and Mohammed Omar fled another, and that this was his last contact with him.
Muhammad Rahim's lawyer, Carlos Warner of Akron, Ohio, describes how even when meeting with his client, Rahim is still shackled. Warner has filed a civil writ of "habeas corpus" seeking Rahim's release because of the lack of charges against his client after five years of detention.
During his time in Guantanamo, Rahim has written several letters to Carlos Warner, which Warner has recently made publuc. Rahim's letters expose his incredible awareness of American pop culture, including a criticism of Lebron James. His lawyer explains that his unrest with Lebron James' move from the Cleveland Cavaliers to the Miami Heat was rooted in Rahim's feelings of intense loyalty. Muhammad Rahim also wrote that he "likethis new song Gangnam Style" and "[wants to do the dance for Warner but cannot because of shackles." In addition to knowledge of American pop culture through reading magazines Carlos Warner brings to Guantanamo during visits, Rahim's letters expose his aptitude for language.
Rahim wrote his lawyer to "Tell the guards to leave friend alone. They need to chillax." These letters do not portray the exposed distress and disheartenment expected of a Guantanamo Bay detainee. Carlos Warner believes that Rahim's letters show that "he's different and he's intelligent...just think that he's doing this under all the restrictions that he's under down there. He has an incredibly good sense of humor." Muhammad Rahim's optimism while facing detainment in a hostile prison without having been charged with a crime or brought to trial is remarkable. His letters are examples of defiance and resilience that warrant a response from those detaining him unlawfully.
Reports al-Afghani was subjected to "extended interrogation techniques".
In August 2009 formerly classified documents about the CIA's use of extended interrogation techniques were made public when the judicial branch upheld Freedom of Information Act requests.
On August 27, 2009, Pamela Hess and Devlin Barrett, of the "Associated Press", reported that in late 2007 the CIA subjected a captive was chained to the floors and walls of his cell, and subjected to extended sleep deprivation.
They noted while the captive's name was withheld Al-Afghani was the only captive known to have been in CIA custody at the time of the use of these techniques.
They noted that the Bush Presidency had publicly abandoned the use of these techniques, but an exception was made because government lawyers had given the CIA permission.
The captive had his hands chained above the level of his heart.
He was made to wear diapers, so he would not have to be unbound for bathroom breaks. When observers watching over closed-circuit TV saw him start to fall asleep they were able to wake him by remotely jerking his shackles. When he developed edema, swelling of the legs, a common consequence of the use of these techniques he was shifted to being bound to a low stool, still with his hands bound above the level of his heart.

</doc>
<doc id="20520257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520257" title="Irik Island">
Irik Island

Irik Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada within western Hudson Bay. The hamlet of Whale Cove is to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20520263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520263" title="Peter Hullah">
Peter Hullah

Peter Fearnley Hullah (born 7 May 1949) is a former Suffragan Bishop of Ramsbury. 
Hullah was educated at Bradford Grammar School and King's College London. He was ordained in 1974 and was a curate at St Michael and All Angels, Summertown, Oxford and then chaplain (from 1978) and housemaster of the International Centre (1982-1985) at Sevenoaks School, chaplain of The King's School, Canterbury and headmaster of Chetham's School of Music before being ordained to the episcopate. He was the Bishop of Ramsbury from 1999 to 2005 when he became principal of the Northampton Academy. He is now attached to the parish of St Martin in the Fields, Director of Hopeful Leadership Ltd and a consultant to various charities including Together for Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="20520275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520275" title="Crugmeer">
Crugmeer

Crugmeer (, "great barrow") is a hamlet in north Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is situated one-and-a-half miles (2 kilometres) from Padstow to the west of the River Camel estuary.
The hamlet consists of half-a-dozen houses and a farm at the junction of two lanes. One lane gives access to Crugmeer from the Padstow-St Merryn road then continues northeast to Lellizzick, Hawker's Cove and Stepper Point. The other lane leads west from Crugmeer to Trevone beach. 
Crugmeer lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB). Almost a third of Cornwall has AONB designation, with the same status and protection as a National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20520278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520278" title="Wretched">
Wretched

Wretched may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20520280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520280" title="Sandro Raniere">
Sandro Raniere

Sandro Raniere Guimarães Cordeiro (born 15 March 1989), or simply Sandro, is a Brazilian international defensive midfielder, who plays for English Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur. He joined Tottenham at the end of Internacional's victorious 2010 Copa Libertadores campaign in September 2010.
Club career.
Early career.
Sandro is a product of Internacional's youth academy. He signed his first professional contract and began his senior career in 2007 as an 18 year old. He has been described as a defensive midfielder who gets forward.
Sandro was one of the main players of Inter's winning 2010 Copa Libertadores campaign. Sandro was already signed to Tottenham through most of the competition, but that did not affect his performance negatively: on the contrary, he said he "live with great intensity, as each game could be the last". With this in mind, he worked hard to stay at Internacional as long as possible in order to help the team reach the finals. After winning South America's top trophy, he flew to England the following week.
Tottenham Hotspur.
In August 2009 Tottenham Hotspur were reported to have had a £14 million bid rejected for the player. However on 20 October 2009, Spurs and Internacional agreed an affiliation of the two clubs, ensuring that Tottenham have first option on all academy players from the Brazilian outfit. Following this agreement, there were rumours of a near-concluded deal pending for the 2009–10 Premier League January transfer window. Six days later Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp confirmed he was interested in Sandro for a fee rumoured to be around £8 million.
On 10 March 2010, Internacional President Vitorio Piffero confirmed the transfer of the midfielder to Tottenham, after the Copa Libertadores. The transfer amount was speculated to be around €10 million, with only the contract yet to be signed.
Both Internacional and Tottenham reported on their respective websites that a deal had been agreed for Sandro for an undisclosed fee. Sandro joined Tottenham following the end of the Copa Libertadores, which finished on 18 August. Internacional's financial report stated that the fee was R$ 20,633,850, with about 25% re-distributed by Inter to third party owners.
Tottenham Hotspur confirmed that a deal for Sandro had been completed and that he would join up at the end of Internacional's Copa Libertadores campaign. Sandro said of the move to England that he thought Spurs were "a great fit for me" and that "a club that is growing every year makes it the ideal club for me". He made his Tottenham debut in a 4–1 home defeat against Arsenal in the third round of the League Cup on 21 September 2010.
On 9 January 2011, Sandro made a start against League One side Charlton Athletic, assisting Andros Townsend and playing the full match. He made his UEFA Champions League debut for Tottenham on 15 February 2011 at the San Siro against seven times winners A.C. Milan, receiving special praise from manager Harry Redknapp in his side's 1–0 win. Playing a pivotal role just in front of the back four, he was man of the match in the return leg at White Hart Lane. He scored his first goal for the club against Chelsea with a 35-yard volley in a 2–1 defeat.
Sandro signed a new five-year contract with Tottenham on 8 September 2011, a deal which will run till 2016.
In January 2013, Sandro picked up a knee injury during the game against Queens Park Rangers. After the game it was announced that Sandro would be out for the remainder of the 2012–13 season. Prior to the game, after a run of impressive performances Sandro has been affectionately nicknamed 'Beast' by the Tottenham fans. 
On 1 December 2013, Sandro scored his third goal in Spurs colours with a fantastic goal from outside the penalty area in a 2-2 draw with Manchester United.
International career.
Having represented Brazil at Under-20 level, and captaining them at the 2009 South American Youth Championship, Sandro made his full debut for the Brazilian national team as a substitute in a World Cup qualifier against Chile on 9 September 2009. He was named as 1 of 7 back-up players to the 2010 FIFA World Cup squad. Sandro scored his first full international goal against Gabon in a friendly match on 10 November 2011. The 24 year old has also captained the Brazil team in international friendlies.

</doc>
<doc id="20520307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520307" title="Pumpkin, Powder, Scarlet &amp; Green">
Pumpkin, Powder, Scarlet &amp; Green

Pumpkin, Powder, Scarlet & Green is the third album released by the 60's pop group The American Breed, released in the summer of 1968. This album was not as successful as their first two efforts, but the album did manage to have three modest hit singles: "Cool It (We're Not Alone)", "Ready, Willing and Able" (#84), and a cover version of The Troggs' "Anyway That You Want Me" (#88). Unfortunately, this album marked a beginning in decline of the group's popularity.

</doc>
<doc id="20520308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520308" title="Definite assignment analysis">
Definite assignment analysis

In computer science, definite assignment analysis is a data-flow analysis used by compilers to conservatively ensure that a variable or location is always assigned to before it is used.
Motivation.
In C and C++ programs, a source of particularly difficult-to-diagnose errors is the nondeterministic behavior that results from reading uninitialized variables; this behavior can vary between platforms, builds, and even from run to run.
There are two common ways to solve this problem. One is to ensure that all locations are written before they are read. Rice's theorem establishes that this problem cannot be solved in general for all programs; however, it is possible to create a conservative (imprecise) analysis that will accept only programs that satisfy this constraint, while rejecting some correct programs, and definite assignment analysis is such an analysis. The Java and C# programming language specifications require that the compiler report a compile-time error if the analysis fails. Both languages require a specific form of the analysis that is spelled out in meticulous detail. In Java, this analysis was formalized by Stärk et al., and some correct programs are rejected and must be altered to introduce explicit unnecessary assignments. In C#, this analysis was formalized by Fruja, and is precise as well as sound, in the sense that all variables assigned along all control flow paths will be considered definitely assigned. The Cyclone language also requires programs to pass a definite assignment analysis, but only on variables with pointer types, to ease porting of C programs.
The second way to solve the problem is to automatically initialize all locations to some fixed, predictable value at the point at which they are defined, but this introduces new assignments that may impede performance. In this case, definite assignment analysis enables a compiler optimization where redundant assignments — assignments followed only by other assignments with no possible intervening reads — can be eliminated. In this case, no programs are rejected, but programs for which the analysis fails to recognize definite assignment may contain redundant initialization. The Common Language Infrastructure relies on this approach.
Terminology.
A variable or location can be said to be in one of three states at any given point in the program:
The analysis.
The following is based on Fruja's formalization of the C# intraprocedural (single method) definite assignment analysis, which is responsible for ensuring that all local variables are assigned before they are used. It simultaneously does definite assignment analysis and constant propagation of boolean values. We define five static functions:
We supply data-flow equations that define the values of these functions on various expressions and statements, in terms of the values of the functions on their syntactic subexpressions. Assume for the moment that there are no "goto", "break", "continue", "return", or exception handling statements. Following are a few examples of these equations:
At the beginning of the method, no local variables are definitely assigned. The verifier repeatedly iterates over the abstract syntax tree and uses the data-flow equations to migrate information between the sets until a fixed point can be reached. Then, the verifier examines the "before" set of every expression that uses a local variable to ensure that it contains that variable.
The algorithm is complicated by the introduction of control-flow jumps like "goto", "break", "continue", "return", and exception handling. Any statement that can be the target of one of these jumps must intersect its "before" set with the set of definitely assigned variables at the jump source. When these are introduced, the resulting data flow may have multiple fixed points, as in this example:
Since the label L can be reached from two locations, the control-flow equation for goto dictates that "before"(2) = "after"(1) intersect "before"(3). But "before"(3) = "before"(2), so "before"(2) = "after"(1) intersect "before"(2). This has two fixed-points for "before"(2), {i} and the empty set. However, it can be shown that because of the monotonic form of the data-flow equations, there is a unique maximal fixed point (fixed point of largest size) that provides the most possible information about the definitely assigned variables. Such a maximal (or maximum) fixed point may be computed by standard techniques; see data-flow analysis.
An additional issue is that a control-flow jump may render certain control flows infeasible; for example, in this code fragment the variable "i" is definitely assigned before it is used:
The data-flow equation for "if" says that "after"(2) = after(return) intersect after("i" = "j"). To make this work out correctly, we define "after"("e") = "vars"("e") for all control-flow jumps; this is vacuously valid in the same sense that the equation "false"(true) = "vars"("e") is valid, because it is not possible for control to reach a point immediately after a control-flow jump.

</doc>
<doc id="20520328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520328" title="Mayoralty of Gavin Newsom">
Mayoralty of Gavin Newsom

The Mayoralty of Gavin Newsom began when Democrat Gavin Newsom was elected Mayor of San Francisco in 2003, succeeding Willie Brown and becoming San Francisco's youngest mayor in a century.
As Mayor, Newsom has focused on development projects in Hunters Point and Treasure Island. He signed the Health Choices Plan in 2007 to provide San Francisco residents with universal healthcare. Under Newsom, San Francisco joined the Kyoto Protocol. In 2004, Newsom gained national attention when he directed the San Francisco city-county clerk to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples. In August 2004, the California Supreme Court annulled the marriages that Newsom had authorized, as they conflicted with state law at that time. Still, Newsom's unexpected move brought national attention to the issues of gay marriage and gay rights, solidifying political support for Newsom in San Francisco and in the gay community, and causing several other states to change their laws concerning marriage and gay rights.
Same-sex marriage.
Newsom decided to act on the issue of same sex marriage when he attended the 2004 State of the Union Address as a guest of Nancy Pelosi. In the address, President George W. Bush voiced support for a constitutional amendment banning same sex marriage. In the weeks following the address, Newsom asked his staff to gather background information and to explore how the city could start issuing marriage licenses to same sex couples without alerting the media. Before the first marriage was performed, Newsom's office informed Nancy Pelosi, Dianne Feinstein, California Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, California Attorney General Bill Lockyer, and Democratic National Committee chairman Terry McAuliffe. Gay Massachusetts Congressman Barney Frank told Newsom that it wasn't the right time.
On his 36th day in office, Newsom issued a directive to the San Francisco city-county clerk to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, claiming that the California Constitution's equal-protection clause gave him authority to do so. Approximately 4,000 same-sex couples were issued licenses in San Francisco from February 12 until March 11, 2004 (when the weddings were halted by the California Supreme Court), bringing international attention to the Mayor and the City. On August 12, 2004, the California Supreme Court voided those licenses, declaring Newsom had overstepped his authority. Following this decision, San Francisco and nearly two dozen gay couples sued the state of California on the issue of same sex marriage. In 2005, Superior Court Judge Richard Kramer agreed with the city, but the decision was overturned by the state appeals court. The case was heard by the California Supreme Court, which ruled in favor of the plaintiffs.
Many prominent Democrats, such as Dianne Feinstein, criticized Newsom for issuing the directive for same sex marriage licenses, claiming it had contributed to John Kerry's defeat in the 2004 presidential election. Former San Francisco mayor Willie Brown has stated that Barack Obama declined to have his picture taken with Newsom at a fundraiser in 2004. Obama's deputy campaign director, Steve Hildebrand, has denied this, calling it "a ridiculous story." The 2004 same sex marriages increased Newsom's popularity in San Francisco to the level where he faced no serious opposition to his reelection in 2007.
The Award Winning Documentary Film Pursuit of Equality, which was directed by the Mayor's brother-in-law, Geoff Callan, chronicles these events.
"Whether You Like It or Not".
Proposition 8, the ban on same-sex marriage, was a big topic during the 2008 election, and Newsom was a prominent and vocal opponent.
In the months leading up to Election Day, Proposition 8 supporters released a commercial featuring Newsom saying the following words in a speech regarding same-sex marriage: "This door's wide open now. It's going to happen, whether you like it or not." Some observers noted that polls shifted in favor of Proposition 8 following the release of the commercial; this, in turn, led to much speculation about Newsom's unwitting role in the passage of the amendment. For instance, a January 2009 "Newsweek" article states:
sk average Californians what they remember about Newsom at the moment, and they're likely to offer six words: "whether you like it or not." That's what Newsom said about gay marriage—it was coming to California, and America, whether you like it or not. He said it in a speech, shortly after the California Supreme Court extended marriage rights to gays and lesbians. But his words were captured for posterity in an ad for Proposition 8, the ballot initiative seeking to reverse that decision. The ad begins with footage of a gloating Newsom grinning widely and gesturing broadly as he exclaims "the door's wide open, it's going to happen, whether you like it or not" . . . . Airing across the state, the ad was viewed as among the most effective in support of the ban.
Social policy.
Implementation of Care Not Cash began on July 1, 2004. As part of his Care Not Cash initiative, 5,000 more homeless people were given permanent shelter in the city. As of October 21, 2007, about 2,000 people have been placed into permanent housing with support. Other programs initiated by Newsom to end chronic homelessness include the San Francisco Homeless Outreach Team (SF HOT), and Project Homeless Connect (PHC). SF HOT functions as a short-term intensive case management team, assisting the most disabled homeless individuals to access health, social and housing services. PHC consists of bimonthly events that bring together a host of public and private services at one location, making it easier for homeless individuals to connect with a number of services under one roof. Both of these programs have worked to move homeless people into permanent, supportive housing. In his 2004 State of the City Address, to highlight the issue of homelessness, Newsom declared that "homelessness has replaced the Golden Gate Bridge and the cable car as one of the city's most defining symbols."
Newsom has worked to improve San Francisco public housing through Newsom's public private partnership initiative called SF HOPE. Newsom has focused city resources on impoverished districts in Bayview-Hunters Point on San Francisco's southeast side, often arriving there without notice to follow through on city programs. On one occasion, Newsom took several Hunters Point children to Burger King and to a San Francisco 49ers game. The Baysview-Hunters Point project includes over 8,500 housing units and of open space. Since Newsom became mayor, the city has put nearly $500 million into construction of affordable housing that house nearly 20 percent of San Francisco's families. Newsom also worked on plans for 6,000 new homes and apartments on Treasure Island, new high-rise apartments and condominiums on Rincon Hill, and has worked on rebuilding the Transbay Terminal.
Newsom helped secure $77 million to help some of San Francisco's underperforming schools and worked to put more police officers in schools. In February 2008, Newsom committed $30.6 million from San Francisco's budget reserves to help San Francisco Unified School District close a $40 million drop in state funding due to state budget deficits.
Economic policy.
During Newsom's first term as mayor, tourism, air traffic, and hotel occupancy increased while unemployment decreased by 2.5%. 57 new companies and 35 new biotech firms opened in San Francisco, including the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine Stem Cell Institute. Newsom supported biotech and clean industry tax incentives to bring more businesses to San Francisco. In 2005, Newsom implemented the Working Families Tax Credit, providing the average San Francisco family with an extra $300. Newsom has made efforts to reach out to San Francisco businesses. In 2004, Newsom had a 100 in 100 campaign, meeting with 100 CEO's in 100 days to try to make San Francisco more business friendly.
While the unemployment rate has decreased, San Francisco has 90,000 fewer jobs since 2000. Rising costs of living, combined with the blue collar jobs leaving San Francisco, have made it harder for blue collar workers to live in San Francisco. Newsom has worked to address these problems with affordable housing and has claimed that the new high tech companies will also bring some blue collar jobs to San Francisco.
On October 27, 2004, during a strike by hotel workers on a dozen San Francisco hotels, Newsom joined UNITE HERE union members on a picket line in front of the Westin St. Francis Hotel. He vowed that the city would boycott the hotels by not sponsoring city events in any of them until the hotels agreed to a contract with workers. The contract dispute was settled in September 2006. Newsom's support of the workers angered some businesses who had been traditional Newsom backers.
In order to help balance San Francisco's budget in 2004, Newsom supported Proposition J to increase sales taxes and Proposition K to increase business taxes. Both measures failed in 2004. Newsom laid off hundreds of city workers and cut city services in 2004 to balance the city budget. Newsom helped close San Francisco's budget deficit in 2004 by consolidating 6 city departments that reduced the city budget by $78 million.
In an attempt to provide universal wireless Internet access to city residents free of charge, Newsom spent 18 months trying to develop a city-wide Wi-Fi zone. Google WiFi partnered with entrepreneur Jaz Banga, and his company Feeva, beginning in 2005 to provide free Wi-Fi in Union Square, but the plan was to blanket the city. Negotiations with the Board of Supervisors and Internet Service Provider EarthLink ended when EarthLink pulled out of the talks. Newsom said he would continue to work for universal Wi-Fi. Other unachieved efforts include a cruise ship terminal and a waterfront YMCA.
During Newsom's time as Mayor, the San Francisco 49ers caught Newsom by surprise when they announced they would be moving to Santa Clara. Newsom received some criticism for being too hands off in the discussions, a claim Newsom denies. In 2005, Newsom participated in the announcement of the 2007 Major League Baseball All Star Game that would be held in San Francisco. He participated in the 2007 All-Star Legends and Celebrity Softball Game.
Environment.
Under Newsom, San Francisco joined the Kyoto Protocol. San Francisco's Climate Action Plan is aimed at helping San Francisco meet its Kyoto Protocol targets. Newsom helped San Francisco implement green building standards and improve open spaces. Newsom helped secure $8 million in federal and local funds to improve city streetscape. Newsom's efforts have helped lead to the planting of over 17,500 new trees. Newsom approved of a plan to convert the city's fleet of diesel buses and vehicles to biodiesel. On February 21, 2008, he urged Bay Area cities and counties to write letters to auto-makers urging them to manufacture plug-in hybrid cars. Newsom said San Francisco would buy the cars if automakers produced them. He also supports putting large turbines below the Golden Gate Bridge. He supported a ban on city government purchased water bottles and he asked San Francisco businesses to stop selling bottled water. He has approved of legislation to convert San Francisco's taxis to low-emission vehicles.
Immigration.
On April 23, 2007, Newsom again drew national attention when he announced at a community action held by the San Francisco Organizing Project that he would do everything he could to discourage federal authorities from conducting immigration raids. "Our action is to stand strong in opposition to these raids... to make sure that we are not contributing in any way, shape or form", Newsom said. "Even legal immigrants are fearful. This just sends a chill to a lot of people. There are a lot of cities that want these raids. That's where the federal government should be spending their time." Newsom supported city identification cards for illegal immigrants in 2007 to allow them access to city services and to be able to set up bank accounts in the city. In April 2008, San Francisco undertook a $83,000 advertisement campaign to inform city residents that San Francisco is a sanctuary city as part of the identification card program. In July 2008, following the high profile murder of a local father and his two sons by a previously arrested illegal immigrant, as reported on CNN, Newsom announced that San Francisco would change its policy of shielding illegal immigrants who had committed other crimes and that San Francisco would begin to cooperate with the federal government in that regard. However, the city remains a sanctuary for illegal immigrants.
Health.
Early in Newsom's first term, he worked to extend the city-funded health insurance program, started under Mayor Brown, to young adults, a program that had been previously offered only to children. Newsom's more ambitious plan on healthcare began to take shape in 2007. In his budget proposal for fiscal year 2007-2008, Newsom announced his intention to provide universal health care for all city residents, based on long-time City Supervisor Tom Ammiano's plan. The care will be provided through the San Francisco Health Access Plan.
Newsom's Health Access Plan, also known as Health San Francisco, shares the cost with workers and businesses using federal, state, and city funds and savings to provide healthcare insurance to all San Franciscans. The system plans to use more electronic referrals, focus on preventive care, and work to provide care to San Francisco's 82,000 uninsured adults. Newsom's proposal has prompted Oakland mayor Ron Dellums and San Mateo County's Board of Supervisors to look into possibilities for providing their own taxpayer-subsidized health care.
In February 2008, Newsom, also a restaurateur, signed a measure, backed by the Golden Gate Restaurant Association, to ask San Francisco restaurants to voluntarily ban trans fats from their kitchens.
Public safety.
Newsom began his first term by appointing San Francisco's first female police chief, Heather Fong, and fire chief, Joanne Hayes-White.
He later vetoed legislation mandating a police foot-patrol policy in favor of police discretion that was overturned by the Board of Supervisors. In December 2005, Newsom went public with a video that was made by a police office, which depicted police officers making mock calls that were racist, sexist, and homophobic according to Newsom. Newsom admitted that reforms aimed at changing the culture of the police department had gone slower than expected. San Francisco has experienced an increase in homicides during Newsom's tenure as Mayor. Newsom has made efforts to lower the homicide and crime rates. Rape, aggravated assault, and burglary have decreased.
Newsom is a member of the Mayors Against Illegal Guns Coalition, an organization formed in 2006 and co-chaired by New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg and Boston mayor Thomas Menino. The organization of mayors supports gun control and is especially strong on the advocacy to abolish the Tiahrt Amendment. Newsom opposes capital punishment.
On April 9, 2008, Newsom and Police Chief Fong decided to use the alternative route for the Olympic torch run through San Francisco. The torch run drew thousands of protesters protesting against or for China and the 2008 Summer Olympics. Newsom said he made the decision to ensure the safety of people at the event.
Government issues and Muni.
Newsom has reduced the appearance of political patronage in city government that became more common during the Brown administration. Many of Newsom's opponents on the Board of Supervisors credit him for reducing patronage in city government. He launched a 311 hotline that provides 24 hour live operator assistance to San Franciscans concerning city services.
In 2005, voters rejected Proposition D which would have decreased the Mayor's control over Muni and given that power to the Board of Supervisors. During Newsom's time as mayor, Muni's on-time performance improved 5%. In 2006, Newsom publicly stated he believed Muni was pocketing fares after Newsom had ridden Muni and was not given a receipt on several occasions. Newsom considered making Muni fare-free, but he dropped the idea after a study he commissioned to investigate the idea showed it would not work. Newsom has had several policy forums, one of which discussed Muni. In one 2007 forum, Newsom said he was a "Mayor who rides Muni". Newsom appointed the "Transit Effectiveness Project" to conduct an 18 month review of Muni. The task force conducting the review consisted of current and former government officials with backgrounds in transportation and public finance. The review has investigated means to make Muni run more efficiently and increase its on-time rate that includes increasing Muni revenue by raising fares and advertising on Muni property. On February 27, 2008, Newsom and Muni officials released the results of the review, which called for eliminating, shortening, and expanding bus routes to focus service on Muni's 15 busiest corridors that are used by 75% of Muni users. Muni will also continue efforts to hire more drivers and street supervisors and increase enforcement against motorists who block bus lanes. Newsom said at February 27 plan revealing: "Without dramatic changes we will not see dramatic improvements". Newsom has also been a supporter of the Chinatown Subway plan, a $1.22 to $1.44 billion subway line that links the Market Street area to Chinatown.
Critics and criticisms.
According to the San Francisco Chronicle, Newsom is known to be particularly sensitive to how he is portrayed in the media. At times, Newsom has yelled at reporters, refused to answer questions from certain reporters, abruptly terminated interviews, and has threatened to blacklist news outlets. Newsom has been criticized for having a large number of press releases, made for TV news conferences, and catchy names to new initiatives that might be obscuring what is actually accomplished.
Board of Supervisors President Aaron Peskin's criticisms of Newsom have frequently been included in San Francisco Chronicle articles that discuss Newsom's policies and actions as Mayor. After his reelection, Newsom was criticized by Supervisor Peskin for taking a vacation in Hawaii during the 2007 San Francisco Bay oil spill. Newsom defended his decision to continue with his three-day vacation plans, claiming that he was in constant contact with his aides and that other agencies were overseeing the crisis. In February 2008, Newsom and Peskin's back and forth actions and comments led the Chronicle to conclude that the two were in a "war of words." Newsom has also been criticized by opponents of gay marriage for legalizing gay marriage in San Francisco. He was criticized by conservative pundits for issuing a proclamation to honor COLT Studio Group, a gay porn studio.
Rippey-Tourk incident.
Newsom had an affair with his secretary Ruby Rippey Tourk—the wife of his campaign manager and good friend.
On January 31, 2007, Newsom's campaign manager and former deputy chief of staff, Alex Tourk, resigned after confronting Newsom over a sexual affair the mayor had with his wife in late 2005. At the time of the affair, Newsom was undergoing a divorce with Guilfoyle and Rippey-Tourk worked in Newsom's office as the Mayor's aide for commission appointments. After leaving her job in Newsom's office in August 2006, Tourk received $10,154 in catastrophic illness pay, which is usually reserved for those who are terminally ill; after an investigation by the San Francisco City attorney; however, Newsom and all those involved were later cleared of legal wrongdoing.
Newsom apologized for the affair at a news conference on February 1, 2007, saying, "I hurt someone I care deeply about, Alex Tourk, his friends and family, and that is something that I have to live with and something that I am deeply sorry for." After being approached by concerned colleagues, he announced that he would seek treatment for alcohol abuse. Newsom later said that the difficult times during the exposing of the affair refocused him and allowed him to better appreciate being mayor.
Staff hiring.
Newsom started his second term with a clean slate after asking for and receiving open letters of resignation from city commissioners and department heads prior to his 2007 reelection. He replaced 3 of 7 members of the Municipal Transportation Agency. Newsom also dismissed Public Utilities Commission General Manager Susan Leal. With projected city budget revenue shortfalls, Newsom froze city hiring, eliminated 1,700 city jobs, and ordered all agencies to cut their budget by 8%. Newsom was criticized by some members of the Board of Supervisors when he hired new policy directors that included a director of climate protection initiatives, a homeless policy director, and former U.S. attorney Kevin Ryan, who was dismissed by the Bush administration, as his new criminal justice director to address San Francisco's rising homicide rates. The Board of Supervisors Budget Analyst conducted a report on the mayor's staffing salaries that concluded that over one million dollars in salaries were paid out of city department budgets. Newsom defended these hires by claiming his office would come in under budget and that using MTA and other department funds to pay for the mayor's policy directors is common practice. The additional cost to the city was $500,000 over the next 18 months. A February 2008 opinion poll showed Newsom's approval rating at 67%.

</doc>
<doc id="20520330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520330" title="Balestrero">
Balestrero

Balestrero may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20520343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520343" title="Bill Herring">
Bill Herring

William Francis "Smoke" Herring (October 31, 1893 – September 10, 1962) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched in three games for the Brooklyn Tip-Tops of the Federal League in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="20520344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520344" title="Annabelle Lopez Ochoa">
Annabelle Lopez Ochoa

Annabelle Lopez Ochoa (born 30 April 1973) is an international choreographer based out of Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Dance Background.
Ochoa, who is half-Colombian and half-Belgian, completed her dance training at the Royal Ballet Academy in Antwerp, Belgium. She appeared with various German companies before eventually joining Djazzex, a contemporary dance company, in 1993. In 1997, she joined Scapino Ballet Rotterdam, where she was a soloist for seven years.
Choreographic Style.
Overall, Ochoa’s work relates emotional experience through an abstract but intently connected style of choreography, which occasionally relies on virtuosic technique. Her movement is contemporary, however, she occasionally displays classical virtuosity, such as a soaring grand jeté. Because she uses the abstract form, her works do not have established plot lines or characters. She does, however, want the dancers to “tell a story” within the work. She achieves this by emphasizing the eyes, using them as a connecting point among the dancers on stage as well as with the audience. To organize her movement, she is interested in “constructed chaos,” a carefully structured work that appears to lack structure. This method makes her creations insightfully detailed while remaining well organized. Ochoa enjoys working with a wide range of dancers, and also enjoys working with actors. She finds inspiration primarily from art and music, not from the dancers or from other choreographers.
"Before After".
Ochoa’s first critically acclaimed work in the United States is "Before After", a seven minute duet which “delineates the last moments of a relationship.” "The New York Times" described the number as short and simple, but also “the most moving, the most mysterious, the most heartily cheered. Clive Barnes raved that it was the “best in the…shows.” Not every reviewer shared this enthusiasm, however; Laura Bleiberg suggested that the piece was not unique in its themes or structure, and that “Ochoa added few insights.”
Awards.
Ochoa won the Hannover Choreography Competition in 2001 with her work “Clair/Obscur.” She also won first prize at the Bornem International Competition in 2002 with “Replay.” In the fall of 2007, she participated in the New York Choreographic Institute, working for two weeks with the New York City Ballet.
List of works.
Annabelle Lopez Ochoa has choreographed works for the Scapino Ballet Rotterdam, Dutch National Ballet, Djazzex, The Royal Ballet of Flanders, Ballet du Grand Theatre du Genève, Ankara Modern Dance Theater, BalletX, and Pennsylvania Ballet, Luna Negra Dance Theater, Ballet Hispanico, BJM-Danse Montreal, Le Jeune Ballet du Quebec, Pennsylvania Ballet, Luna Negra Dance Theater, Ballet National de Marseille, Ballet Hispanico, Jacoby&Pronk, Saarbrucken Ballett, Chemnitzer Ballett, Whim W'him, Incolballet, Pacific Northwest Ballet, Finnish National Ballet, Compania Nacional de Danza, Scottish Ballet and The Washington Ballet.
Lacrimosa -Long version (2010) 
L'Effleure (2010) 
Zip Zap Zoom (2009)
Locked up Laura (2009)
Nube Blanco (2009)
Requiem for a Rose (2009)
Still@life (2008)
Satie (2008)
IN<fusion>IN (2008)
One (2008)
Miniature (2007)
Reminiscence (2007)
Since (2007)
Padam (2007)
Returning Points (2006)
Lacrimosa (2006)
September (2005)
Mourning Dove (2005)
metAMORPHOsis (2005)
Black Rain (2005)
Nocturne (2004)
Together Alone (2003)
Zip Zap Zoof (2003)
Solitaire (2003)
Before After (2002)
Clair/Obscur (2001)
Graffiti (2001)
Replay (2001)
External links.
1. Official Annabelle Lopez Ochoa website. <http://www.annabellelopezochoa.com>
2. Ochoa's blog. <http://annabellelopezochoa.typepad.com/>
3. Ochoa's YouTube channel. <http://www.youtube.com/user/anlooc>

</doc>
<doc id="20520367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520367" title="A Collection of Hits">
A Collection of Hits

A Collection of Hits is the first greatest hits compilation released by American country music artist Kathy Mattea. It was released in 1990 on Mercury Records and has been certified platinum by the RIAA. The album includes eight of her previous singles, as well as one newly recorded track ("A Few Good Things Remain"), and an album cut from 1987's "Untasted Honey", the Tim O'Brien duet "The Battle Hymn of Love". Both of these songs were released as singles in 1990, and both reached #9 on the "Billboard" country charts.
Track listing.
Source: AllMusic

</doc>
<doc id="20520377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520377" title="Action Committee for the Defense of Democracy – Youth Movement">
Action Committee for the Defense of Democracy – Youth Movement

The Action Committee for the Defense of Democracy – Youth Movement (French: "Comité d'action pour la défense de la démocratie - Mouvement de jeunesse", CADD-MJ) was a youth organization in the Republic of the Congo, affiliated with the Congolese Labour Party (PCT). It was founded on 28 August 1993 on the initiative of Denis Sassou Nguesso, who was then an opposition leader and is currently the President of the Republic of the Congo. André Okombi Salissa was the President-Coordinator of the Central Council of the CADD-MJ, while Sassou Nguesso was the organization's Honorary President. According to the CADD-MJ, it was the "locomotive of youth organizations in our country".
The CADD-MJ was dissolved in 2013 when the PCT established a new youth organization.

</doc>
<doc id="20520383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520383" title="Ron Campbell (ice hockey)">
Ron Campbell (ice hockey)

Ronald "Ron" Campbell, M.Sc, BBA (born 1957, Detroit, Michigan) is the current President and Alternate Governor of the Tampa Bay Lightning of the NHL.[http://news.google.com/newspapers?id=RbsMAAAAIBAJ&sjid=Ul4DAAAAIBAJ&pg=6764,3361516&dq=ron-campbell+lightning&hl=en] He previously worked for the Detroit Pistons on the NBA.

</doc>
<doc id="20520386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520386" title="National Highway 82 (India)">
National Highway 82 (India)

National Highway 82 (NH 82) is a National Highway in India entirely within the state of Bihar. NH 82 runs for linking Gaya to Mokameh and passes through Bihar Sharif.
See also.
The total length of NH 82 is 148.00 km.
References.
http://morth.nic.in/writereaddata/noticeimages/Information_Memorandum_NH826980268022.pdf
It passes through Gaya, Hisua, Rajgir, Nalanda and Barbigha.

</doc>
<doc id="20520387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520387" title="Kayak Island (Nunavut)">
Kayak Island (Nunavut)

Kayak Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada within western Hudson Bay. The hamlet of Whale Cove is to the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="20520400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520400" title="Jason Wu">
Jason Wu

Jason Wu (; born September 27, 1982) is a Taiwanese-Canadian fashion designer based in New York City. He is most famous for designing the dresses of Michelle Obama on several occasions, including during first and second inauguration of American President Barack Obama.
Early life.
Jason Wu was born in Taipei, Taiwan. Wu moved to Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada at age nine and attended Eaglebrook School in Deerfield, Massachusetts and Loomis Chaffee, in Windsor, Connecticut. He learned how to sew by designing and sewing for dolls, and went on to study sculpture in Tokyo. Wu continued this career path at age sixteen by learning to create freelance doll clothing designs for toy company Integrity Toys under the lines "Jason Wu dolls" and later "Fashion Royalty". The following year, he was named creative director of Integrity Toys. He decided to become a fashion designer while spending his senior year of high school in Rennes, France before graduating from the Loomis Chaffee School in 2001, and studied at the Parsons The New School for Design, a division of The New School in New York.
Career.
Wu launched his ready-to-wear line of clothes with earnings from his years of doll designs. His first full collection debuted in 2006 and won the Fashion Group International's Rising Star award in 2008. Jason Wu's dresses were photographed underwater by Howard Schatz for Delta Faucet Company's Brizo branded faucet campaign in 2006. In 2008 he was nominated for the CFDA / Vogue Fashion Fund award. Bruce Weber shot the designer for "W" magazine's "Summer Camp" portfolio in July 2008.
Wu's early clients included Ivana Trump, January Jones, and Amber Valletta. He also worked extensively with drag queen RuPaul, ultimately designing six RuPaul dolls.
Wu collaborated with Creative Nail Design for his Spring 2011 collection to create a set of four nail polish colours that was to be retailed from May 2011. 
In June 2013, Wu was named as the Art Director of German fashion house Hugo Boss overseeing the entire womenswear range.
Designing for Michelle Obama.
Michelle Obama is a noted Jason Wu customer.
She was introduced to Wu by André Leon Talley, "Vogue Magazine"'s editor-at-large, who had been advising the current First Family on their appearance. She bought four dresses from Wu early in the year, wearing one of them for a segment on "Barbara Walters Special" shortly before the November 2008 election, prompting many in the media to consider her his "career-launcher". She wore another dress, a custom-designed one-shoulder, floor-length white chiffon gown, at the inaugural balls on the night of President Barack Obama's first term inauguration. 
Appearing on the cover of "Vogue", Obama once again wore a Wu design, a magenta silk dress. Upon her arrival in London in April 2009 during the First Lady and President Barack Obama's first official European trip, Obama wore a chartreuse silk sheath dress that was designed by Wu; the next day she wore a Wu coat during her visit with the Queen Elizabeth II. On April 2, 2009, Obama paired a "traditional looking" teal Wu dress with a blue-patterned cardigan designed by Junya Watanabe on her visit to the Royal Opera House.
Mrs. Obama again wore a dress that was designed by Wu, a ruby red velvet and chiffon design, at the 2013 Presidential Inaugural Balls.

</doc>
<doc id="20520417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520417" title="Taison">
Taison

Taison Barcellos Freda, or simply Taison, (born 13 January 1988) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Ukrainian Premier League club Shakhtar Donetsk.
Biography.
Internacional.
Taison started his career with Brazilian club Internacional and quickly rose to prominence within their youth set up, becoming one of the brightest prospects at the club. Taison then after making his first team debut in 2009, confirmed his place as one of the rising stars in world football after top scoring in the 2009 Campeonato Gaúcho with 15 goals and starring alongside strike partner Nilmar. Internacional also went on to win the tournament after an 8-1 victory over Caxias.
Despite never winning the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A Taison does have a Copa Libertadores winners medal after he was an instrumental part in his side's 2010 success, starting both legs of Internacional's aggregate 5-3 final victory over Mexican side Guadalajara.
Metalist Kharkiv.
After being linked with a host of clubs across Europe, including Wolfsburg and Napoli Taison eventually signed for Ukrainian club Metalist Kharkiv for an approximate fee of 6 million euros. He started brightly in Ukraine and even pipped Willian to the "best new signing" accolade. The Brazilian scored an incredible Marco van Basten style volley against Rosenborg BK on November 8, 2012 in the Europa League. In the same game he also provided the assist for the second in a 3-1 win.
Shakhtar Donetsk.
Taison signed with Shakhtar on 1 January 2013. The fee was to be believed around 12.4 million pounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20520422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520422" title="Jack Portland">
Jack Portland

John Frederick "Jack" Portland (July 30, 1912 – August 22, 1996) was a defenceman in the NHL from 1933 - 1943. He was born in Collingwood, Ontario. He also participated in the high jump and triple jump events at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20520434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520434" title="National Highway 83 (India)">
National Highway 83 (India)

National Highway 83 (NH 83) is a National Highway in India entirely within the state of Bihar. NH 83 links state capital, Patna (of Bihar) to Dobhi on NH 2 and passes through Jehanabad, Gaya and Bodhgaya. The total length of NH 83 runs to .

</doc>
<doc id="20520443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520443" title="Alina Goreac">
Alina Goreac

Alina Goreac (born September 28, 1952) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast who represented Romania at the 1972 Olympic Games. During her career she medaled on all four events (floor, balance beam, vault and uneven bars) at European championships and was the 1977 University Games all around and uneven bars champion. Since 1981 she has been a gymnastics coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20520456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520456" title="Sean-nós dance">
Sean-nós dance

Sean-nós dance is an older style of traditional solo Irish dance. It is a casual dance form, as opposed to the more formal competition-oriented form, of Irish stepdance.
"Sean nós" in Irish Gaelic means "old style", and is applied to the dance form as well as sean-nós song. These now less-common forms of Irish dance and traditional Irish singing have been documented in Irish history and by ethnomusicologists, but are still alive in parts of the Irish music scene.
Irish traditional dance.
The most widely known form of traditional Irish dance is competition-oriented stepdance. Other popular forms of Irish dancing are for couples and groups – social dancing, such as set dance and the casual dancing at a gathering called a céili. A specialised form of dance is the brush dance or broom dance. Less known is the traditional freeform solo type called Sean Nós or "old style" dance.
Characteristics.
Sean-nós dance is characterised by its "low to the ground" footwork, improvised steps, free movement of the arms, and an emphasis upon a "battering step" (which sounds out more loudly the accented beat of the music). By its nature, it follows the music closely. It is traditionally a solo dance form. Because sean-nós dancing is improvisational, it is not necessary for a pre-arranged routine or choreography to be decided upon by the dancer. Spontaneous expression is highly valued. Therefore, it is less common to see groups performing synchronised sean-nós dance (which requires choreography in advance). Instead, the dancers may dance in turns, playing off the energy of the other.
Contrasted with stepdance.
Sean-nós dancing is similar to the more formal, competition oriented stepdance, but is more freeform in its expression. Stepdancing is recognisable by its stylised dance clothing, high kicks, and arms kept rigidly to the side. In comparison, the sean-nós dancers generally wear street clothing and their arms usually move with the natural rhythm of the dance or are kept loosely at their side. Some dancers incorporate large arm movements in their dance. Personal style is highly valued in sean-nós dancing.
Competition oriented stepdancing can be danced with a soft or a hard shoe, depending on the type of dance. Sean-nós dancing is done with any available street shoe that is to the liking of the individual dancer. The sound of a sean-nós dancer's footwork has a rhythmic quality. Many dancers prefer a shoe that is capable of percussive sound.
Traditional sean-nós dance surfaces include a standard wooden dance floor, a door that has been taken off the hinges, a table, a barrel, or even the top of a stool. In those cases, the skill of the dancer is shown by how well s/he can produce the various steps within the narrow bounds of the dance surface.
"The good dancer danced, as it were underneath himself, trapping each note of music on the floor, and the use of the half-door and table for solo performances indicates the limited area in which he was expected to perform." – Folk Music & Dances of Ireland, Brendan Breathnach
"They used to say, 'A good dancer could dance on a silver tray, and a really excellent dancer could dance on a sixpence.' Now, any modern Irish dancer would fill the whole stage." But, why compare the two? After all, says Patrick O'Dea, they are two entirely different dances – one, a traditional "old style" of step dancing, and the second, a newer and less traditional outgrowth or variation."
Controversy.
The roots of this form of dancing pre-date modern records. Differences in sean-nós dance between different regions of Ireland exist. Often it is attributed to the Connemara region, due to its stronger following here. However prior to modern communication every region had its own style which was influenced over time. Notable events in Irish history can be seen through the dance, like the steps of Ulster influenced by Scottish dancing and the low steps of the west coast influenced by the Spanish flamenco. So there is no singular definitive standard.
Sean-Nós Dance: This is an old style traditional form of dancing that originated in the Connemara region (west coast of Ireland). This is a low to ground stepping out to the music, very relaxed, similar to tap dance, but it is not the stage show event like the Step Dancing you see in productions of Riverdance. Sean-nós dancing is a very impromptu, rhythmic, and low key accompaniment to a lively traditional Irish band. The footwork "battering" is great watch and listen to. These are typically done as a solo performer or in very small groups and are well suited to all ages. (oftentimes the best sean-nós dancers, are the old timers in the dark corners of the pub).
The popularisation of sean nós dancing through competitions, stage shows and copycat teaching/learning methods has created "standard" Sean nós steps, counter to the ideology of an improvisational, personal form of Irish dancing. Standard steps can be seen multiple times in any competition and standard tunes have emerged also, such as McCleod's reel and New Mown Meadows. Tap dancing shoes have been adopted by many prominent dancers, changing not only the sound, but also the style of the dancing.
Sean nós dancing may subdivided further;
With the increasing popularity of competitions in sean nós dancing and the desire for a polished performance, many dancers opt for fully choreographed dances.
In the Irish Diaspora.
As the Irish peoples emigrated, they took sean-nós dance with them. This form of dance has influenced various other forms of traditional solo dance extant around the world, e.g. Tap Dance or American traditional informal freeform solo folk dancing. Sean-nós dance in America may differ from how it is practised in Ireland, because it in turn has been influenced by other cultures' dance styles there. Sean-nós dancing in America and Canada is most commonly seen at folk festivals and informal Irish music sessions, possibly mixed in with casual Irish Stepdancing and other regional styles. However, some dance workshops in America are beginning to introduce the style more widely.
Minimalist preservation.
The practice of sean-nós dance and song, lilting ("mouth music"), and playing "the bones" (a simple percussion instrument convenient to carry in a pocket) represented a minimalist means of preserving musical and dance heritage; one which anyone could take part in with a minimum of experience and expenditure but which had the possibility for developing considerable levels of skill with further practice.
Sean Nós Flash Mob.
On Saturday 5 October 2013 a group of up to fifty sean nós dancers took over shop street Galway in the form of a sean nós flash mob.
As many as fifty dancers, in a wide range of age groups, wowed the gathering crowd with their display .The Flash Mob was organised by the yearly festival known as Oireachtas na Samhna .The idea was to promote the 116th Oireachtas Festival.
With music by Johnny Óg Connolly Connemara, the first step was performed by Róisín Seoighe Connemara in her trademark red shoes before she was joined by up to 60 dancers at the pedestrian crossroads, aged between 5 and 80. The dancing lasted about eight minutes before the group dispersed as quickly as they had begun.

</doc>
<doc id="20520457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520457" title="Mohyeldin Elzein">
Mohyeldin Elzein

MohyEldin Abd El Rahman Elzein, , (07/06/1943 – 06/08/2007), head of the Urology and Surgery department (Fujairah Hospital 05/01/1985 - 06/08/2007), was a urologist. Born in Adbara Sudan in 1943, Elzein studied Medicine in University of Khartoum and graduated with honors. His picture and credentials are still displayed in Khartoum University (Medicine). He continued his Education in the United Kingdom and got the Royal Membership of Surgery. He worked El Fasher in the Darfur region for the general hospital for free. He also opened a private clinic to help the people of El Fashir for free. The government and tribal people of El Fashir wanted to show their respect and admiration to the doctor by creating a festival that is being celebrated to this day in the honor of the doctor. By 1985 He left El Fashir and got a job in Al Fujairah, United Arab Emirates. and stayed there. There are many articles, poetry written about Elzein and his contribution to Urology and to the people of Darfur. Elzein Left behind his wife (Sameera Ramadan Hussain), four daughters (Rihab, Abeer, Jawaher, Tasneem) and three sons (Khalid, Mohamed, Salih).

</doc>
<doc id="20520458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520458" title="William Henry Roach">
William Henry Roach

William Henry Roach (January 12, 1784 – October 6, 1861) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Digby from 1818 to 1826 and Annapolis County from 1826 to 1836 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as a Reformer.
He was born in Annapolis, Nova Scotia, the son of John Roach, and went to Jamaica at the age of 19, where he served as bookkeeper and then overseer for the Trewlawny estate at Montego Bay. Roach also served in the local militia. In 1811, after returning from Jamaica, he married Mary Ann Timpany. For a time, he was based on the Hudson River in New York state, but he was forced to return to Nova Scotia at the start of the War of 1812, settling in Digby. After his defeat when he ran for reelection in 1836, he became an inspector of flour at Halifax. Roach returned to Digby in 1850, where he died at the age of 77.

</doc>
<doc id="20520480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520480" title="Cassidy Freeman">
Cassidy Freeman

Cassidy Freeman (born April 22, 1982 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American actress and musician. She is known for her role as Tess Mercer in The CW's superhero drama "Smallville".
Biography.
Early life and education.
Freeman was born in Chicago, Illinois to prominent Chicago-area attorneys, who also own a cattle ranch in Montana. She is the youngest of three children with two brothers, voice actor Crispin Freeman and musician Clark Freeman.
Freeman graduated from The Latin School of Chicago and then Magna Cum Laude from Middlebury College in 2005 with degrees in Theater and Spanish.
Career.
Acting.
Freeman starred in the thriller film "YellowBrickRoad" which was written and directed by Andy Mitton and Jesse Holland. She has appeared in several films and television series. Freeman played the character Veronica Sharpe in the award-winning short film "Razor Sharp". The film won "Best Action Film" at the 2007 Comic-Con International Independent Film Festival.
In September 2008, she began starring in The CW Superman-inspired drama "Smallville" where she played Tess Mercer after the departure of Michael Rosenbaum's Lex Luthor and continued this role until the show ended in May 2011.
In October 2009, Freeman appeared in the CBS police drama "" in season 10: episode 4 called "" (French for "Stroke of Mercy") where she played Donna Grayson, an officer who witnessed her partner arrest, shoot and kill a suspect who turns out to be a fellow off-duty officer. On January 13, 2012, Freeman was confirmed to be in The CW fantasy drama "The Vampire Diaries" as Sage in the third season. Since 2012, Freeman has been starring as the daughter of Wyoming Sheriff Walt Longmire in the A&E crime drama "Longmire". 
Music.
Freeman, her brother, Clark Freeman and Andy Mitton formed the band called "The Real D’Coy", where Freeman sings and plays piano.
Personal life.
Freeman's hobbies include hiking, quilting, playing volleyball and waterpolo, singing and playing piano. She has a fifty-pound Swiss Mountain dog named Shasta.
Philanthropy.
Freeman is an active member of the "Heal the Bay" charity, which works toward cleaning up and protecting the West Coast waters and tutors underprivileged children in Santa Monica as a part of the "Virginia Avenue Project".

</doc>
<doc id="20520482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520482" title="Fermi contact interaction">
Fermi contact interaction

The Fermi contact interaction is the magnetic interaction between an electron and an atomic nucleus when the electron is inside that nucleus. 
The parameter is usually described with the symbol A and the units are usually megahertz. The magnitude of A is given by this relationship:
and
where A is the energy of the interaction, "μ"n is the nuclear magnetic moment, "μ"e is the electron magnetic dipole moment, and Ψ(0) is the electron wavefunction at the nucleus.
It has been pointed out that it is an ill-defined problem because the standard formulation assumes that the nucleus has a magnetic dipolar moment, which is not always the case.
Use in magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Within an atom, only s-orbitals have non-zero electron density at the nucleus, so the contact interaction only occurs for s-electrons. Its major manifestation is in electron paramagnetic resonance and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopies, where it is responsible for the appearance of isotropic hyperfine coupling. Roughly, the magnitude of A indicates the extent to which the unpaired spin resides on the atom. Thus, knowledge of the A values allows one to map the singly occupied molecular orbital.
History.
The interaction was first derived by Enrico Fermi in 1930. A classical derivation of this term is contained in J.D. Jackson. In short the classical energy may be written in terms of the energy of one magnetic dipole moment in the magnetic field B"(r)" of another. This field acquires a simple expression when the distance "r" between the two moments goes to zero, since:

</doc>
<doc id="20520507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520507" title="Gregor Edmunds">
Gregor Edmunds

Gregor Edmunds (born 1977) is a Scottish Highland Games competitor and strongman. Gregor is a winner of the World Highland Games Championships, Highlander Challenge, and Scotland's Strongest Man.
Background.
Edmunds was born in 1977 to Moira and Douglas Edmunds and grew up in the south of Glasgow. Strength runs through the male line. His paternal grandfather, John Morris from Fife is said to have been part of a gang of fervent Scottish nationalists, that included the poet Hugh MacDiarmid, which planned to steal the Stone of Destiny from Westminster Abbey. Such was John Morris' strength that he was to be responsible for carrying the stone, and trained for this task by lifting a heavy steel ingot at his work at the Beardmore forge in Glasgow. The family changed the name from Morris to Edmunds because John was convicted of bigamy and desertion. Gregor Edmunds' great-grandfather, also called John Morris, fought for money in boxing booths. Gregor's father, Douglas was the World Caber Tossing Champion in the 1970s and wrote an autobiography titled ""The World's Greatest Tosser"". Douglas was also a founder of The World's Strongest Man competition. Despite being immersed in strength sports Edmunds initially asked for a skateboard for his tenth birthday but was given a shot putt. Following in his father's footsteps, he began training for Highland Games events and at the age of 17 he was Junior Highland Games World Champion. Additionally, he studied and completed an HND in Sports Therapy and in October 2008 began a Degree in Strength and Conditioning Science at St Mary’s University College, Twickenham.
Career.
After winning the Junior Highland Games World Champion he went on to compete in Highland Games events around the world. Along with his father he competed in the Braemar Tossing the Caber event, and they remain the only father and son combination to have done this. In 2007 he became World Highland Games Champion, ending a five-year American hold on that title. Edmunds also competed successfully in strongman competitions, winning the title of Scotland's Strongest Man in 2002 and going on to compete at the World's Strongest Man. He was also second in Britain's Strongest Man in 2002 and 2003.
Gregor set an SHGA Highland Games world record in the 28 lb. weight for distance at the 2011 Markinch Highland Games on 5 June 2011. His world record throw was 95'10", a full 3'5" further than the previous world record. This throw also broke the American record by 1'4".
Gregor won the 2011 Highlander Challenge on 18 June 2011.
The Highlander Challenge.
The lack of young Scottish Highland Games competitors led Edmunds and his father to organise the Highlander Challenge. He is quoted as saying: ""When I go over to America, I'm up against ex-Olympians, really good sportsmen, and here I might be competing against some guy standing about and smoking a cigarette who then has a throw against me. That's not pushing me and it's not going to bring people into the sport. If we can create something spectacular, though, the younger ones will aspire to that. It's like great footballers – everyone wants to wear their shirt. That's what we want to do with the Highlander Challenge. I'd love to be someone's hero."" In 2007 the Challenge was successful enough to spawn a larger, televised event in 2008 at Scone Palace.
Future.
A lack of money in the sport has led to him studying strength and conditioning science in the hope of creating a future career as an equestrian massage expert. ""You can make a lot of money because it's very difficult to do. You need big strong hands to massage a horse." "And," Gregor says with a laugh, "horses can't complain if you do a crap job.""
Personal life.
Until his studies took him south, Edmunds lived in Glasgow. For three years he lived in Finland with Heini Koivuniemi, a World's Strongest Woman competitor whom he met at the Killin Highland Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20520512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520512" title="Steven Horwitz">
Steven Horwitz

Steven "Steve" Horwitz (born 7 February 1964) is an American economist of the Austrian School.
Early life and education.
Horwitz was born in Detroit, Michigan to Ronald and Carol Horwitz. He was raised in Oak Park, Michigan and graduated from Berkley High School in Berkley, Michigan in 1981. He graduated cum laude with an A.B. in Economics and Philosophy from the University of Michigan in 1985, where he was also active with several libertarian student groups and where he wrote and performed with the Sunday Funnies/Comedy Company sketch comedy group.
He received his M.A. (1987) and Ph.D. (1990) in Economics from George Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia. At George Mason, he studied with Don Lavoie (who chaired his dissertation committee), George Selgin, Karen Vaughn, James M. Buchanan, Don Boudreaux, and Richard E. Wagner.
Professional history.
In 1989, Horwitz joined the economics department of St. Lawrence University in Canton, New York, where he continues to be employed at present. In 1993, he was appointed the inaugural Flora Irene Eggleston Chair in Economics. He was promoted to associate professor with tenure in 1995 and to full professor in 2002. In 1999, he was awarded the annual Frank Piskor Lectureship, and in 2003 he was the recipient of the J. Calvin Keene award, which recognizes high standards of personal scholarship, effective teaching and moral concern. In 2007, Horwitz was elected by the faculty to one of six campus-wide Charles A. Dana Professorships.
At St. Lawrence, Horwitz served as the Associate Dean of the First Year from 2001–2007, overseeing the university’s First Year Program. He has a national reputation as an expert on living-learning programs and on teaching research and communication skills to first-year students. He was also Interim Director of the Center for Teaching and Learning in 2003-04.
Horwitz is a long-time faculty member at the summer seminars of the Institute for Humane Studies and the Foundation for Economic Education. In the summer of 2007, he was a visiting scholar at the Social Philosophy and Policy Center at Bowling Green State University in Bowling Green, Ohio. Horwitz is also an Affiliated Senior Scholar of the Mercatus Center at George Mason University in Arlington, Virginia, where he has conducted nationally-recognized research on the role of Wal-Mart and the Coast Guard in the response to Hurricane Katrina. He is also a Senior Fellow of the Fraser Institute in Canada and has been a member of the Mont Pelerin Society since 1996.
Most of Horwitz’s professional work has been in the area of monetary theory and macroeconomics from an Austrian school perspective, with his 2000 book Microfoundations and Macroeconomics: An Austrian Perspective best summarizing that work. He has also contributed to Austrian economics and the history of economic thought as well as the social thought of F. A. Hayek. In recent years, he has been exploring the economics and social theory of the family. His Open Letter to My Friends on the Left in September 2008 was a widely read libertarian analysis of the mortgage crisis and has been translated into five languages.
Horwitz has identified himself as a bleeding-heart libertarian and is a regular contributor to the bleeding-heart libertarians weblog. He also blogs at Coordination Problem.
Personal life.
Outside of his professional interests, Horwitz is a huge fan of hockey, especially the Detroit Red Wings, and classic rock, especially the Canadian band Rush. He combined his hobby and his professional life in a scholarly article on Rush in 2003.
Horwitz currently resides in Canton, New York with his wife Jody and his two children Andrew and Rachel.

</doc>
<doc id="20520528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520528" title="Minnesota State University Student Association">
Minnesota State University Student Association

The Minnesota State University Student Association (MSUSA) is an independent, non-profit organization funded and operated by students. MSUSA serves nearly 70,000 students attending Minnesota's seven state universities: Bemidji State University, Minnesota State University Mankato, Metropolitan State University (St. Paul/Minneapolis), Minnesota State University Moorhead, St. Cloud State University, Southwest Minnesota State University (Marshall) and Winona State University.
MSUSA is recognized by the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities Board of Trustees as the sole representative of state university students in Minnesota, and works on a variety of issues at the different levels of government.
Structure.
Board of Directors.
MSUSA is governed by a board of directors composed of the democratically elected student body presidents at each of the seven state universities and three non-voting statewide officers. These board members set policy and administer how funds are spent by MSUSA.
Officers.
The State Chair is elected by the Board of Directors each spring during the MSUSA Delegate Assembly. The State Chair is the chief spokesperson for MSUSA. He or she is responsible for the coordination of MSUSA programs and chairs all Board of Directors meetings as a non-voting member. The State Chair represents MSUSA at the Student Advisory Council (SAC) of the Office of Higher Education (OHE) and the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities (MnSCU) Board of Trustees meetings. The State Chair also appoints state university students to system level committees and task forces. 
The Vice Chair performs the duties of the State Chair in his or her absence or at the State Chair's request. The Vice Chair serves as the chair of MSUSA's Delegate Assembly and the Penny Fellowship Board. Additionally, the Vice Chair supervises MSUSA's Campus Representatives. 
The Treasurer oversees the finances of the organization and works with the staff and the MSUSA accountant to produce monthly statements and an annual audit. 
The Vice Chair and Treasurer are elected each year by the Delegate Assembly at its spring meeting. Officers' terms are for one year, beginning July 1 and ending June 30.
Delegate Assembly.
The MSUSA Delegate Assembly consists of 40 representatives selected by the seven state university student governing bodies. The size of each university's delegation is predetermined according to the size of the school. Delegate Assembly is responsible for adopting the MSUSA Policy Platform and Mission Statement, setting the budget for the coming fiscal year, offering proposed changes to the MSUSA Bylaws, and electing the Vice Chair and Treasurer.
Scholarship programs.
In addition to the student advocacy work, MSUSA also runs two scholarship programs to assist student leaders in achieving and paying for their education.
Penny Program.
The Penny Program consists of two scholarship opportunities for MnSCU students. The first is the Timothy J. Penny State & Federal Public Service Fellowship, award to students participating in state and local government internships. The second program is the Barbara J. Penny Community Service Scholarship which recognizes MnSCU students who have demonstrated a commitment to community service, and to promote their growth as a community leader.
Jared P. Stene Student Leadership Scholarship.
The Jared P. Stene Student Leadership Scholarship was created to honor the accomplishments of a former board member of MSUSA. The scholarship provides financial support to students who share Jared's leadership and passion for student advocacy.

</doc>
<doc id="20520529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520529" title="HMS Furnace">
HMS Furnace

Four ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Furnace":

</doc>
<doc id="20520543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520543" title="Lonely Side of the City">
Lonely Side of the City

Lonely Side of the City is the fourth and final studio album by the 1960s soul and pop group The American Breed, released in the fall of 1968. For their last album, the group decided to move more towards a soft rock approach. However, the group had all but fallen out of favor with the music public, and the album failed miserably. "Walls" was the only single released from the album, and, after releasing several more non-album singles, including the last official American Breed single, "Can't Make It Without You" (1970), the group officially disbanded, and later reorganized as soul/funk band Rufus.

</doc>
<doc id="20520547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520547" title="Scott Perry (filmmaker)">
Scott Perry (filmmaker)

Scott Perry (born 10 January 1963 in Mankato, Minnesota) is an American filmmaker, businessman, author and engineer. Known in the indie film and theater communities for his feature films "Teenage Catgirls in Heat", "Jetblast", and most recently "Sixgun". He is credited with creating Texas' first and only pre-lit greenscreen facility and with the invention of a new greenscreen/compositing technology that produces composite-ready matte shots, with no need for further matte pulling.
He has worked as a writer, producer and director for 25 years starting with industrial films and television commercials, then proceeding to feature films. He has specialized in indie films while maintaining ties to the theater world via his founding role in the Austin's seminal improv troupe "Monks Night Out".
Perry has also developed film technology companies ranging from MPG, Inc. over rental companies CinemaTech to his newest venture Austin Compositing Center.
Film and Theater career.
Scott Perry moved to Austin in 1995 to make his first movie called, Teenage Catgirls in Heat. The film did remarkably well for a B-movie, airing on a number of cable channels and getting a VHS release.
In 1999 and 2000, Perry worked on another film called Jet Blast, a comedy centered on jumbo jetliners crashing into tall buildings, finishing it in August 2001 and getting a slot for it in the Austin Film Festival. Following the events of September 11, 2011 the film was pulled from the festival lineup.
After the failure of Jet Blast Perry headed for LA where he later decided to try again settling on the concept of a western entitled Sixgun. Once more, Perry made Austin home and wound up shooting at Pioneer Farms, the educational venue operated by the Austin Heritage Society in Northeast Austin. He also used the Enchanted Rock area and Willie Nelson’s “western town,” Luck, Texas, near Lake Travis.
The actors and crew worked sixteen hour days in 108-degree heat. They slept on the ground, wearing only one change of clothes for days on end.
When their work was done, Sixgun was accepted in this year’s Austin Film Festival where it sold out twice.

</doc>
<doc id="20520559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520559" title="Dunne Foxe Island">
Dunne Foxe Island

Dunne Foxe Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada within western Hudson Bay. The hamlet of Whale Cove is to the west.
The island was named on July 30, 1631 by Arctic explorer, Captain Luke Foxe.

</doc>
<doc id="20520563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520563" title="Sin rencor">
Sin rencor

"Sin rencor" (, "Without grudge") was the Spanish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, performed in Spanish by Marcos Llunas. Llunas was also the composer and lyricist of the song.
On the night of the contest, the song was performed tenth in the running order, following Italy's Jalisse with "Fiumi di parole" and preceding Germany's Bianca Shomburg with "Zeit". The song received 96 points, placing 6th in a field of 25.
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1998 contest by Mikel Herzog with "¿Qué voy a hacer sin ti?".

</doc>
<doc id="20520581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520581" title="Banak Shöl Hotel">
Banak Shöl Hotel

Banak Shöl Hotel is a historic hotel in the city of Lhasa, Tibet. It is located at 8 Beijing Road. The hotel is known for its distinctive wooden verandas. The "Nam-Tso Restaurant" is located inside the hotel and is popular with tourists visiting Lhasa.

</doc>
<doc id="20520582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520582" title="Samuel Parker (footballer)">
Samuel Parker (footballer)

Samuel Parker (1872 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Hurlford. He played for Hurlford, Burnley, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20520586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520586" title="Peripheral nerve injury">
Peripheral nerve injury

Peripheral nerve damage is categorized in the Seddon classification based on the extent of damage to both the nerve and the surrounding connective tissue since the nervous system is characterized by dependence of neurons on their supporting glia. Unlike in the central nervous system, regeneration in the peripheral nervous system is possible. The processes that occur in peripheral regeneration can be divided into the following major events: Wallerian degeneration, axon regeneration/growth, and nerve reinnervation. The events that occur in peripheral regeneration occur with respect to the axis of the nerve injury. The proximal stump refers to the end of the injured neuron that is still attached to the neuron cell body; it is the part that regenerates. The distal stump refers to the end of the injured neuron that is still attached to the end of the axon; it is the part that will degenerate but remains the area that the regenerating axon grows toward. The study of peripheral nerve injury began during the American Civil War and has since expanded to not only include to extensive characterization of the processes and factors that contribute to nerve regeneration and reinnervation, but also to determining therapies that enhance nerve regeneration such as biological conduits and administration of growth promoting molecules.
Types of Nerve Damage.
The lowest degree of nerve injury in which the nerve remains intact but signaling ability is damaged is called neurapraxia. The second degree in which the axon is damaged but the surrounding connecting tissue remains intact is called axonotmesis. The last degree in which both the axon and connective tissue are damaged is called neurotmesis.
Overview of Events in Peripheral Regeneration.
Wallerian degeneration is a process that occurs before nerve regeneration and can be described as a cleaning or clearing process that essentially prepares the distal stump for reinnervation. Schwann cells are glial cells in the peripheral nervous system that support neurons by forming myelin that encases nerves. During Wallerian degeneration Schwann cells and macrophages interact to remove debris, specifically myelin and the damaged axon, from the distal injury site. (medscape) Calcium has a role in the degeneration of the damage axon. Bands of Büngner are formed when un-innervated Schwann cells proliferate and the remaining connective tissue basement membrane forms endoneurial tubes. Bands of Büngner are important for guiding the regrowing axon.
At the neuronal cell body, a process called chromatolysis occurs in which the nucleus migrates to the periphery of the cell body and the endoplasmic reticulum breaks up and disperses. Nerve damage causes the metabolic function of the cell to change from that of producing molecules for synaptic transmission to that of producing molecules for growth and repair. These factors include GAP-43, tubulin and actin. Chromatolysis is reversed when the cell is prepared for axon regeneration.
Axon regeneration is characterized by the formation of a growth cone. The growth cone has the ability to produce a protease that digests any material or debris that remains in is path of regeneration toward the distal site. The growth cone responds to molecules produced by Schwann cells such as laminin and fibronectin.
Role of Schwann Cells.
Schwann cells are active in Wallerian degeneration. They not only have a role in phagocytosis of myelin, but they also have a role in recruitment of macrophages to continue the phagocytosis of myelin. The phagocytic role of Schwann cells has been investigated by studying the expression of molecules in Schwann cells that are typically specific to inflammatory macrophages. Expression of one such molecule MAC-2, a galactose-specific lectin, is observed in not only degenerating nerves that are macrophage-rich but also degenerating nerves that are macrophage-scarce and Schwann cell-rich. Furthermore the effects of MAC-2 in degenerating nerves are associated with myelin phagocytosis. There was a positive correlation between the amount of MAC-2 expression and the extent of myelin phagocytosis. A deficiency in MAC-2 expression can even cause inhibition of myelin removal from injury sites.
Schwann cells are active in demylenation of injured nerves before macrophages are even present at the site of nerve injury. Electron microscopy and immunohistochemical staining analysis of teased nerve fibers shows that before macrophages arrive at the injury site, myelin is fragmented and myelin debris and lipid droplets are found in the cytoplasm of Schwann cells, indicating phagocytic activitiy before macrophages arrive.
Schwann cell activity includes recruitment of macrophages to the injury site. Monocyte chemoattractant protein (MCP-1) plays a role in recruiting monocytes/macrophages. In tellurium-induced demylenation with no axon degeneration, nerve crush with axon degeneration, and nerve transection with axon degeneration an increase in MCP-1 mRNA expression followed by an increase in macrophage recruitment occurred. In addition varying levels of MCP-1 mRNA expression also had an effect. Increased MCP-1 mRNA levels correlated positively with an increase in macrophage recruitment. Furthermore in situ hybridation determined that the cellular source of MCP-1 was Schwann cells.
Schwann cells play an important role in not only producing neurotrophic factors such as nerve growth factor (NGF) and ciliary neurotrophic factor (CNTF), which promote growth, of both the damaged nerve and supporting Schwann cells, but also producing neurite promoting factors, which guide the growing axon, both of which are discussed below.
Role of Macrophages.
The primary role of macrophages in peripheral regeneration is demylenation during Wallerian degeneration. Immunohistochemical analysis showed that in tellurium demylenated, crushed, and cut nerves, expression of lysozyme, which is a marker for myelin phagocytosis, and of ED1, which is a marker for macrophages, occurred in the same region. Lysozyme was also investigated with respect to the temporal progression of myelin phagocytosis by macrophages in nerve injury. Northern blotting showed that peak lysozyme mRNA expression occurred at an appropriate time with respect to temporal models of myelin phagocytosis. Macrophages do not phagocytose all cellular debris at the nerve injury site; they are selective and will salvage certain factors. Macrophages produce apolipoprotien E which is involved in rescuing cholesterol in damaged nerves. In the same investigation, temporal levels of apolipoprotein E mRNA expression in the three models for demylenation and nerve damage were consistent with respect to models for cholesterol salvage in nerve injury. Macrophages play a role in salvaging cholesterol during nerve injury.
Macrophages also play a role in inducing the proliferation of Schwann cells that occurs during Wallerian degeneration. Supernatant has been collected from medium in which macrophages are active in myelin phagocytosis where lysosomal processing of the myelin occurs within the macrophage. The supernatant contains a mitogenic factor, a mitosis promoting factor, that is characterized heat and trypsin sensitivity, both of which characterize it as a peptide. Treatment of Schwann cells with the collected supernatant shows that it is a mitogenic factor and thus plays an important role in the proliferation of Schwann cells.
Macrophages are also involved in the secretion factors that promote nerve regeneration. Macrophages secrete not only interleukin-1, a cytokine that induces expression of nerve growth factor (NGF) in Schwann cells but also an interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1ra). Expression of IL-1ra in mice with transected sciatic nerves via implantation of a tube releasing IL-1ra showed the regrowth of fewer myelinated and unmyelinated axons. Macrophage secretion of interleukin-1 is involved in stimulation of nerve regeneration.
Role of Neurotrophic Factors.
Neurotrophic factors are those that promote survival and growth of neurons. A trophic factor can be described as a factor that is associated with providing nourishment to allow for growth. In general they are protein ligands for tyrosine kinase receptors; binding to the specific receptor yields autophosphorylation and subsequent phosphorylation of tyrosine residues on proteins that participate in further downstream signaling to acivate proteins and genes involved in growth and proliferation. Neurotrophic factors act through retrograde transport in neurons, in which they are taken up by the growth cone of the injured neuron and transported back to the cell body.
Nerve Growth Factor (NGF) typically has a low level of expression in nerves that are healthy and not growing or developing, but in response to nerve injury NGF expression increases in Schwann cells. This is a mechanism to increase growth and proliferation of Schwann cells at the distal stump in order to prepare for reception of the regenerating axon. NGF has not only a trophic role but also a tropic or guiding role. The Schwann cells that form the bands of Bungner at the distal injury site express NGF receptors as a guiding factor for the regenerating axon of the injured neuron. NGF bound to the receptors on Schwann cells provides the growing neurons that are contacted with a trophic factor to promote further growth and regeneration
Ciliary Neurotrophic Factor (CNTF) typically has a high level of expression in Schwann cells associated with nerves that are healthy, but in response to nerve injury CNTF expression decreases in Schwann cells distal to the injury site and remains relatively low unless the injured axon begins to regrow. CNTF has numerous trophic roles in motor neurons in the peripheral nervous system including the prevention of atrophy of dennervated tissue and the prevention of degeneration and death of motor neurons after nerve injury. (frostick) In sciatic motor neurons both CNTF receptor mRNA expression and CNTF receptor is increased after injury for a prolonged time frame compared to the short time frame in the central nervous system suggesting a role for CNTF in nerve regeneration.
Insulin-like Growth Factors (IGFs) have been shown to increase the rate of peripheral nervous system axon regeneration. IGF-I and IGF-II mRNA levels are significantly increased distal to the site of crush injury in rat sciatic nerves. At the site of nerve repair, locally delivered IGF-I can significantly increase the rate of axon regeneration within a nerve graft and help expedite functional recovery of a paralyzed muscle.
Role of Neurite-Promoting Factors.
Neurite promoting factors include many extracellular matrix proteins produced by Schwann cells at the distal stump including fibronectin and laminin. Fibronectin are components of the basal lamina and promote neurite growth and adhesion of the growth cone to the basal lamina. In regenerating neural cells, neurite promoting factors play a role in adhesion of the axon and include neural cell adhesion molecule (N-CAM) and N-cadherin.
Nerve Regeneration Therapies.
Electrical stimulation can promote nerve regeneration. The frequency of stimulation is an important factor in the success of both quality and quantity of axon regeneration as well as growth of the surrounding myelin and blood vessels that support the axon. Histological analysis and measurement of regeneration showed that low frequency stimulation had a more successful outcome than high frequency stimulation on regeneration of damaged sciatic nerves.
The use of autologous nerve grafting procedures that involve redirection of regenerative donor nerve fibers into the graft conduit has been successful in restoring target muscle function. Localized delivery of soluble neurotrophic factors may help promote the rate of axon regeneration observed within these graft conduits.
An expanding area of nerve regeneration research deals with the development of scaffolding and bio-conduits. Scaffolding developed from biomaterial would be useful in nerve regeneration if they successfully exhibit essentially the same role as the endoneurial tubes and Schwann cell do in guiding regrowing axons.

</doc>
<doc id="20520596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520596" title="Time Passes By">
Time Passes By

Time Passes By is the sixth studio album released by American country music artist Kathy Mattea. It was released in 1991 (see 1991 in country music) on Mercury Records. The album, like her last two studio albums before it, was certified gold by the RIAA. Singles released from it include the title track at #7, "Whole Lotta Holes" at #18, and "Asking Us to Dance" at #27. "From a Distance" was originally recorded by Nanci Griffith and later versions were released by Bette Midler and Judy Collins.
The album was produced by Allen Reynolds except "From a Distance", which Mattea co-produced with Jon Vezner and Dougie MacLean.

</doc>
<doc id="20520598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520598" title="Zoran Stavreski">
Zoran Stavreski

Zoran Stavreski (born 1964 in Ohrid) was the Macedonian Deputy Prime Minister in charge of Finance. At this moment he is the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance.

</doc>
<doc id="20520613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520613" title="David Ellis (footballer)">
David Ellis (footballer)

David Ellis (born 2 March 1900, date of death unknown) was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Glasgow. He played for Airdrieonians, Maidstone United, St. Johnstone, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20520616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520616" title="Camp Loughridge">
Camp Loughridge

Camp Loughridge (CL) is a non-profit, non-denominational Christian camp located in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Encompassing over 180 acres, the camp offers facilities for weddings, receptions, retreats, challenge courses, summer camps, banquets and other large-group events.
Mission and Vision.
The mission statement of Camp Loughridge is "To provide a quality, year-round, intergenerational program and facility in a rustic, natural environment for the promotion of Christian growth and spiritual renweal." The vision states that the camp is "to maintain and expand the quality programming that currently serves the Tulsa community by adding facilities, program, and support staff to grow the camp while maintaining its highest performance standards."
History.
Tulsa's first YWCA camp, then known as Camp Parthenia, began offering summer camps during the 1920s. In 1959, First Presbyterian Church of Tulsa acquired the camp, and changed its name to Camp Loughridge, in memory of the Reverend Robert McGill Loughridge, a pioneer missionary to the Creek Indian Nation. In 1995, Camp Loughridge was chartered as an Oklahoma not-for-profit corporation. This corporation now maintains and operates the camp with a full-time, year-round staff.
Ministries and Programs.
Summer Camp Programs.
The cornerstone of Camp Loughridge's programs, the summer camp is currently divided into three age-based sections. The Summer Day Camp (ages 6–11) and Adventure Day Camp (ages 11–13) share several activities including: archery, canoeing, challenge courses, sports, arts and crafts, swimming, hiking, Chapel, and devotionals. In addition to these programs, ADC campers also participate in an overnight campout where they have bonfires and other late-night activities. In the TeenXtreme program, campers ages 14–16 are able to participate in a variety of activities, including scuba diving, go-kart racing, backpacking, and mountain biking. Over the course of the seven-week program, Camp Loughridge serves around 2100 children. In 2013, Camp Loughridge was voted Tulsa's A List Winner by Tulsa People Magazine.
7th Day @ Loughridge.
Every Sunday throughout the summer, Loughridge opens up the campus to churches and youth groups to host a service at Loughridge. 7th Day allows groups to utilize the aquatic center for two hours and the amphitheater for an hour for a religious service of some type, praise and worship or regular church service. Loughridge is multi-denominational so all Christian Churches are welcome.
Corporate Events & Retreats.
Loughridge is the site of many corporate meetings, retreats and events. From the smallest meeting to large company picnic or Christmas Party gala, Loughridge is able to work within all sorts of budgets. With several venues to choose from, Loughridge is perfect for leadership / team building retreats of 8 to 300. Overnight accommodations for 70 is currently available. (Bunkstyle)
Challenge Course.
Camp Loughridge houses a large challenge course with both high and low elements. Included in the high elements are: a dual series, Wild Woozy, three-man zip line, two giant swings, an incline log, and a Pamper Pole. Low elements include various team building games, trust fall, an elephant grave yard, and TP logs. The programs are administered by professionally certified challenge course technicians. The course is used by a variety of local groups including businesses and schools. Many corporations and schools find that the challenge course is perfect to prepare new executives or teams to build trust, leadership or team building skills. Pricing is for minimum groups of 15. Discounts are given for Non Profits and schools. Programs are designed based on the assessment given by the group leader with their goals in mind. The program is available in 4 hour and 8 hour increments.
</ref>
Weddings and Receptions @ Loughridge.
Loughridge is a popular place for couples to get married in Oklahoma. Several venues are available for both indoor and outdoor weddings. The glass backed Kirkland Chapel is located on Lake Parthenia and is quite a favorite of young brides to be. The chapel features seating for 279 and has a balcony for even more spectacular views of the nuptials. Receptions at Loughridge can vary. The largest indoor reception building, the Temple Conference Center, will host 329 seated and may do as large as 650 standing reception. State of the art Audio Visual system and permanent projector and screen make the Conference Center a great place to host both receptions and weddings. Located right next to Middle Lake the Conference Center also features an outdoor sanctuary with seating for 300. The Lodge is the second largest indoor venue. It can host 120 seated with views of Lake Parthenia and wrap around deck. This can also be a site for both wedding and reception. There are numerous other sites on Loughridge including the Gazebo where couples with large and small budgets and invite lists can tie the knot. Due to its non-denominational status, Loughridge does not discriminate against couples seeking a Christian marriage.
Outdoor Education / Classroom.
The Outdoor Education / Classroom program offers school classrooms the opportunity to take learning out of doors. Utilizing the power of the great outdoors to learn about science and nature Students participate in various activities including fishing, hiking, and model rocket construction and launching. By adhering to the core curriculum this program is a credit not a field trip for students. Outdoor Education /Classroom students experience a new way of looking at learning and enjoying the natural setting of Loughridge. Scholarships are available for qualifying schools. This is a year round program.
Organization.
Staff.
Full-Time.
Loughridge employs a full-time staff all year round that includes an Executive Director, Associate Director, Program Director, Funds Development Manager, Community Development Manager, Guest Services Specialist, Controller and Property Manager.
Seasonal.
Loughridge also employs roughly 100 seasonal staff every summer. This staff includes high-school and college-aged counselors, lifeguards and program facilitators.
Board of Directors.
The Camp Board of Directors is made up of notable individuals from throughout the community. Current Board members include First Presbyterian Church minister, Dr. James D. Miller, and cardiovascular surgeon and former Fulbright scholar, B.P. Loughridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20520623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520623" title="Thessalus (physician)">
Thessalus (physician)

Thessalus, (), a physician from ancient Greece, and the son of Hippocrates, the famous physician. He was the brother of Draco, and father of Gorgias, Hippocrates III, and Draco II. He lived in the 5th and 4th centuries BC and passed some of his time at the court of Archelaus I of Macedon, (reigned 413-399 BC). He was one of the founders of the Dogmatic school ("Dogmatici") of medicine, and is several times highly praised by Galen, who calls him the most eminent of the sons of Hippocrates, and says that he did not alter any of his father's doctrines. No doubt when he performed the difficult task of preparing the writings of Hippocrates for publication after his death he made some additions of his own, which were sometimes not quite worthy of that honour. He was also supposed by some of the ancient writers to be the author of several of the works that form part of the Hippocratic collection, which he might have compiled from notes left by his father.
One of the spurious letters attributed to Hippocrates is addressed to Thessalus, and there is an oration, "Presbeutikos", supposedly spoken by Thessalus to the Athenians, in which he implores them not to continue the war against Cos, his native country, but this is also undoubtedly spurious. There is an epitaph of Thessalus in the Greek Anthology. His name occurs in many passages of Galen's writings but chiefly in reference to the authorship of the different books "De Morbis Popularibus".

</doc>
<doc id="20520639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520639" title="Misguided Missile">
Misguided Missile

Misguided Missile is the 82nd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on January 27, 1958, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
As Woody pecks for crumbs in the park, an activity he thinks is "for the birds," he sees the newspaper classified ads and decides to go after the easiest job he can find: selling insurance door to door. He is assigned to cover the city's low-rent district, where he runs afoul of Dapper Denver Dooley, who insists that he does not need a policy. Only after several of the accidents covered by it (being hit by a safe, falling into a printing press, etc.) happen to Dooley does he agree to sign up; however, he throws Woody out of the house without paying.
Woody advises Dooley to read the policy's fine print, which says that he is not covered if hit by a guided missile, and proceeds to launch one after setting it to "Deadbeat." The missile chases Dooley all over the city, its clockwork ticking loudly enough to announce its arrival, and eventually blows him up. In the hospital, he calls for his breakfast and a nurse puts some bread into the toaster for him; thinking that its ticking noise is another missile, he dives out the window. On the way down, he signs up for a new policy offered by Woody, but bursts into tears after reading the fine print and learning that he is not covered for what he has just done.
Notes.
Grace Stafford received onscreen credit as Woody's voice for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="20520660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520660" title="Precision Machined Products Association">
Precision Machined Products Association

The Precision Machined Products Association (PMPA) is an international trade association which exists to represent the interests of the precision machined products industry.
Founded in 1933 as the National Screw Machine Products Association, the organization expanded to an international reach and is currently celebrating its 75th year.
The association provides programs and services to the precision machining industry.
References.
About PMPA
The Precision Machined Products Association (PMPA) is a trade association serving the precision machining industry, NAICS 332721, in North America, particularly Canada and the United States. PMPA does this by providing its members with many opportunities to network, benchmark, learn about and share ideas and technologies, and apprise them of regulations that can affect their businesses.
The PMPA provides many deliverables, including reports on a wide range of topics. Notifications on regulatory developments, and information on markets, technology, and raw materials are one information deliverable. The PMPA provides a number of statistical and financial reports to its membership and to policy “thought leaders” as a voice of the precision machining industry. Financial reporting available to member companies include market outlooks, business trends, salary and benefits information, as well as several different financial measures and benchmarking compilations.
About the Industry
The Precision Machined Products Industry (NAICS 332721) consists of a diversified manufacturing base producing highly engineered machined components to customer specifications using a variety of materials such as steel, stainless steel, aluminum, brass, titanium, and aerospace and specialized alloys. The industry produces high volumes of precision manufactured components on a contract or order basis. Using both mechanical (cam type) automatic bar machines, as well as the latest in computer controlled (CNC) machining equipment, the industry produces complex parts and complete assemblies incorporated into finished goods such as automobiles, aircraft, heavy truck, medical devices appliances, construction equipment, munitions and others. The industry had approximately $10 billion in sales (2006- US Census Annual Survey of Manufactures). The industry is made up of 2,665 companies employing 76,908 employees, with average sales per employee of $135,535.
Perfect Competition and the Precision Machining Industry
Perfect competition was defined by Stigler, 1957 as: “… a competitive system in which a large number of firms produce a homogenous product for a large number of buyers. All the firms share the same product/market knowledge and enjoy free entry/exit to and from the industry. They are price-takers and sell as much of the product as possible at the market price… Output is set where marginal cost equals marginal revenue. In the long run, average revenue equals marginal cost and firms enjoy only normal profits.” Source: G. Stigler, 'Perfect Competition, Historically Contemplated', Journal of Political Economy, vol. LXV (1957), 1-17
In class we learned that in a perfectly competitive market, all firms are price takers and each has a relatively small share of the total market. Agricultural producers were the given example, where all products sell at the market price, and no premium is paid for what are considered to be ‘commodity goods.’
Examining the precision machining industry, we see that it meets many of these criteria.
1) There are a large number of firms in the market, none of which have commanding share (2,665 companies; 10 billion in annual sales; average sales per company $3.75 million)
2) All the firms share the same product /market knowledge (That’s what is occurring at meetings and on the PMPA Listserves)
3) Same entry and exit to and from the industry. This is also true, many of the firms in the industry and the association were started up by employees of existing shops. The only bars to entry appear to be ability to raise capital and entrepreneurial drive.
4) All firms are price takers. This is a structural feature of this industry. The business model for this industry is for the customer to send an RFQ (Request for Quotation) to a number of shops for bidding. The shops each develop a bid using an engineering method that determines the cost of the raw materials needed, all direct and indirect manufacturing costs, plus any additional charges for special equipment necessary to assure that the product is fully compliant to the customer’s requirements.
However, many industry insiders would object to the characterization of precision machined components as ‘commodity goods.’ Titanium screws for orthopedic implants, anti-lock braking components, and safety critical airbag systems parts are not ‘commodities’ even though they are sold in high volumes. This objection can be met when it is examined more closely; what is being sold is not the product itself, per se, but rather it is the value added time of the machining process that is being purchased. The machine hour rate is the ‘commodity’ that is widely known and which sets the price of the products whatever they may be. Higher machine hour rates for more complex parts, or more difficult to machine materials or features, lower machine hour rates for less complex parts, and parts from more machinable materials. The large number of potential suppliers in the industry, and quoting on each RFQ, gives the buyers sufficient choice to purchase at the market price. It is the industry wide machine hour rate as applied to the workpiece material, that is the pricing determinant in this industry, not the parts themselves.
Given this perfect competition market structure, the sharing and altruistic behaviors of the PMPA member companies are perfectly aligned to maintain efficient markets, since while they compete, they do not generally compete against each other. All machine hours available to be sold at a market clearing price will be sold if all suppliers are operating at market efficiencies. Sharing technical information and sharing expertise can be seen as behaviors that assure that all firms have the same market knowledge. The companies in the precision machining market can be characterized as ‘perfect competitors,’ even though they sell individual highly differentiated parts to many different customers. Their products are not commodities, these companies are price takers for what it is that they sell, which is the “3T’s”- the Time of their machines (machine hour rate), at their deployed Technology level, and based on the Talent of their work force.

</doc>
<doc id="20520674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520674" title="William Mathieson">
William Mathieson

William Mathieson (1870 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Glasgow. He played for Clydesdale, Glasgow Thistle, Rotherham Town, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20520677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520677" title="Watch the Birdie (1958 film)">
Watch the Birdie (1958 film)

Watch the Birdie is the 83rd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on February 24, 1958, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot and summary.
Woody heckles a birdwatcher intent on studying the woodpecker's every move.

</doc>
<doc id="20520684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520684" title="Pseudacris fouquettei">
Pseudacris fouquettei

Pseudacris fouquettei""' is a species of chorus frog found in the south-eastern United States. It was recently separated from similar species, "Pseudacris feriarum".
Physical description.
The Cajun chorus frog is similar in morphology "Pseudacris" spp., being distinguished by genetics, habitat range and advertisement call. The epithet "fouquetti" is a tribute to a "Pseudacris" researcher the 1960s and 1970s, Arizona State professor Martin J. Fouquette, Jr.
Distribution.
"P. fouquettei" is found in the southern United States, in Louisiana, Arkansas, Oklahoma, Mississippi and Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20520686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520686" title="Guildfordia yoka">
Guildfordia yoka

Guildfordia yoka, the yoka star turban, is a species of deep-water sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.

</doc>
<doc id="20520688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520688" title="John Neale (bishop)">
John Neale (bishop)

John Robert Geoffrey Neale (born 21 September 1926) is a retired Anglican bishop. From 1974 to 1988, he was the first suffragan Bishop of Ramsbury in the Church of England. 
Neale was educated at Felsted School and then served in the Royal Artillery during World War II. He completed his studies at King's College London and St Boniface's Warminster and began his ordained ministry as a curate in St Helier. He was then, successively, the chaplain of Ardingly College, Secretary of the Advisory Council for Church Ministry, Canon Missioner for the Diocese of Guildford and Rector of St Peter's Hascombe before his ordination to the episcopate. Since 1991 he has been an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Bristol. His papers are housed at the National Church Institutions Database of Manuscripts and Archives.

</doc>
<doc id="20520700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520700" title="Jack Shewchuk">
Jack Shewchuk

Jack Michael Shewchuk (June 19, 1917 – May 15, 1989) was a NHL defenceman for the Boston Bruins. He was born in Brantford, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="20520704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520704" title="Módulo">
Módulo

Módulo is a Brazilian company with international operations specializing in technology for Governance, Risk and Compliance. It operates in areas of software, consulting and education, offering, since 1985, security solutions. The company has offices in Brazil, United States, Europe, United Kingdom and operates throughout Latin America through a network of partners. 
Since 1998, Módulo has customers from all sectors, and has participated in projects internationally recognized as the Brazilian electronic elections, the delivery of income tax via the Internet, the Brazilian Payment System (SPB) and the Pan American Games Rio 2007 (edition held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil), and provider of software with technology for Risk Management, incidents and events.

</doc>
<doc id="20520723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520723" title="Fort Wilhelmus">
Fort Wilhelmus

Fort Wilhelmus was a factorij in the 17th century colonial province of New Netherland, located on what had been named Hooghe Eyland (High Island) (also called Verhulsten Island) on the Zuyd Rivier, now Burlington Island in the Delaware River in New Jersey.
The fort was likely so called from "Het Wilhelmus" () (English translation: "The William"), a song which tells of Willem van Oranje, his life and why he is fighting for the Dutch people. It became, in 1932, the national anthem of the Netherlands and is the oldest national anthem in the world.
Although it was not recognized as the official national anthem until 1932, it remained popular with the Dutch people since its creation.

</doc>
<doc id="20520724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520724" title="American Artists' Congress">
American Artists' Congress

The American Artists’ Congress (AAC) was an organization founded in February 1936 as part of the popular front of the Communist Party USA as a vehicle for uniting graphic artists in projects helping to combat the spread of fascism. During World War II the organization was merged into the Artists' Council for Victory, which effectively spelled the end of the organization.
Organizational history.
Origins.
The Great Depression and the rise of fascism in the 1930s caused politics and arts to collide as cultural liberals united to work on common goals. Communist parties adopted a policy of forming broad alliances with anybody willing to oppose fascism and became known as the Popular Front. After the official formation of the United Front in 1935, artists in the U.S. began seeing themselves as the “guardians of liberal and democratic ideals” 
Social art became significant, with 1933-1938 seeing the formation of the John Reed Clubs, the Artists’ Union, the Harlem Artists Guild, and the American Artists’ Congress. Artists had an idealistic view of working-class culture and used the labor movement as a sort of prototype for their mission. There was a shift in the patronage, subject matter, and position of the art produced during this time.
By 1934 and 1935, it became clear that the John Reed Clubs' sectarian policies were not congruent with the Popular Front. At a meeting of the John Reed Club, the idea of an American Artists’ Congress was discussed and twelve of those present were given the task of organizing it. Stuart Davis was put in charge of forming its committee. Almost all of those involved with creating the AAC were established figures of the Communist left and had some connection with the John Reed Club.
Mission.
The AAC hoped to establish a group of artists who realized that collective organization was necessary to combat fascism. Politically and artistically, the congress attempted to distinguish itself from the John Reed clubs, which were specifically radical and rigidly adhered to a particular set of views. By creating a group that was non-sectarian and tolerant of all affiliations, the AAC fit in with the goal of the Popular Front.
In 1936, the chairman of the congress stated that “The Congress does not demand any political alignments…all we ask is that artists who realize the threat of fascism come together, discuss the situation, and form an organization of artists for their own insurance…we do not want any emphasis on extreme radicalism."
The AAC was directed towards artists who believed that the cultural crisis was a reflection of the world economic crisis. Their specific concerns were violations of international civil liberties, the inadequacy of government programs, censorship, and the decline of traditional forms of patronage.
Early activity.
The membership brochure of the AAC read: “Membership in the Congress is open to any artist of the first rank living in the U.S. without regard to the way he paints or the subject matter he chooses to deal with in his work. The only standard for membership is whether he has achieved a position of distinction in his profession and the only requirement that he support the program of the Congress against war and fascism.” 
At the first congress meeting in 1936, the slogan was “Against War and Fascism." By the next year, the AAC toned down its platform and changed the slogan to “For Peace, for Democracy, for Cultural Progress." The congress was anti-fascism and pro-democracy, and did not take a stance in favor of proletarian revolution as the John Reed Clubs had done. As a result, the congress attracted a wide group of artists with different backgrounds, styles, and political commitments. In November 1936, the congress claimed to have 550 members with branches in Cleveland, St. Louis, New Orleans, and Los Angeles. 
Their first activity was to boycott the exhibition of paintings to be held in conjunction with the 1936 Olympic Games in Berlin. Internationally, the congress denounced Nazi repression in Germany and fascist aggression in Spain and China. They condemned censorship in the home and of artwork, and put on annual anti-fascist exhibits.
Due to the status of many of its members, the AAC was able to generate publicity and a greater impact in the art world. It lobbied for a permanent federal art program, fought for a museum rental fee for exhibitors, and worked to get a showing of contemporary American art at the New York World’s Fair. In 1938, the Republican gains of the mid-term elections caused such federal art projects to be rendered more conservative.
The Loyalist Movement in Spain.
Internationally, the suffering in Spain under fascism was of particular priority to the AAC. They devoted a great deal of political and artistic efforts to the Loyalist cause. The organization urged lifting the American embargo of arms to the Loyalists and revising the Neutrality Act of 1937, which prohibited such aid. Also in 1937, they organized theme exhibitions referring to the Spanish Civil War, which raised money to send ambulances, food, and clothing supplies to the Loyalists. These exhibitions make clear that the most prominent anti-fascist artists were concentrating on the plight in Spain. 
Along with several organizations, the AAC formed the American Artists and Writers Ambulance Corps for Spain. In 1939, the AAC was able to bring Pablo Picasso’s painting Guernica to New York to be exhibited at the Valentine Gallery to raise money for the Spanish Refugee Relief Campaign. These attempts to help the Loyalist cause created organizational motivation for antifascist artwork that depicted images in Spain. The resulting paintings were not literal representations of the conflicting parties in Spain but images of the essence of human suffering. The various styles of paintings reflect the diversity of the artists aesthetic tastes and techniques.
Dissolution.
The AAC had a close association with the Communist party and eventually experienced fundamental dissension in beliefs. At a meeting in 1940, to the shock of many members, the Congress endorsed the Russian invasion of Finland. It was believed that this implicitly defended Hitler's position by assigning the responsibility for the war to England and France. In addition, according to a succession letter, the Congress loosened its policy of boycotting Fascist and Nazi exhibits. 
At this time, 17 prominent members left the Congress, writing a letter of succession detailing why. The AAC continued to function primarily with other organizations through 1941, but dissolved soon after U.S. entrance into the war. The Congress then participated in a meeting called the Artists’ Societies for National Defense, which established the Artists’ Council for Victory, an organization that combined twenty-three artists’ societies.

</doc>
<doc id="20520727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520727" title="Half Empty Saddles">
Half Empty Saddles

Half Empty Saddles is the 84th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on April 21, 1958, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
In the desert, Woody Woodpecker, riding a horse, is gaily strumming a guitar and singing a song of loot long lost. Only he has the map of its location. Woody enters the ghost town of Paradise, dismounts and studies the map. "X" marks the spot in the Snake-Eye Saloon, where the loot is hidden under the floor. Unbeknown to Woody, foul villain Dapper Denver Dooley, hiding in a barrel behind him, sees the map over his shoulder. Woody enters the saloon, closely followed by Dooley. Woody locates the "X" spot and finds a strongbox. Dooley grabs and opens the box, and he has his nose caught in a mousetrap. Woody recaptures the box and runs with it, only to lose it to Dooley again when Woody runs into a closed door. The box changes hands many times as Woody and Dooley, in a battle of wits and trickery, fight for its possession. Finally, Woody gains permanent possession of the box when Dooley, on a small wooden horse with a large rocket attached to its pole, is shot into space as both Woody and the horse give the famous Woody laugh.

</doc>
<doc id="20520730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520730" title="Port Elgin and North Shore Railroad">
Port Elgin and North Shore Railroad

The Port Elgin and North Shore Railway is a Two foot and 600 mm gauge railways narrow gauge heritage railway in Port Elgin Ontario.
The railway operates excursion trains along the beach on a route in downtown Port Elgin. The round trip takes approximately 20 minutes.
Trains on the PE & NS are scheduled on weekends in June from 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. with cooperative weather (meaning no rain or wind), and from June 20th until September 7 days a week from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. September has the same schedule as June. In the summer, trains run as frequently as five times per day except on Mondays.

</doc>
<doc id="20520739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520739" title="John Scott (1920s footballer)">
John Scott (1920s footballer)

John Scott was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a defender. He was born in Wishaw. He played for Bradford Park Avenue, Manchester United, Hamilton Academical, and St. Mirren.

</doc>
<doc id="20520751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520751" title="Robert Harrison (publisher)">
Robert Harrison (publisher)

Robert Harrison (1905–1978) was an American publisher who created the bi-monthly magazine "Confidential" in 1952. "Confidential" is seen as the progenitor of today’s gossip magazines and modern celebrity journalism. Humphrey Bogart nicknamed Harrison "The King of Leer".
Early life and career.
Robert Harrison was the son of Russian immigrants and grew up in the Bronx in New York. He started out as a copyboy on a New York tabloid and worked his way up to advertising space salesman. Later he started up smaller publications specializing in material seen at the time as sexually titillating and perverted. He was not beyond posing himself with the models (among them the famous Bettie Page), “playing everything from pith-helmeted white slaver to wife spanker.” At one time he was arrested for having staged pornographic pictures at a golf course in New Jersey.
Harrison's early publications.
During the 1940s Harrison published ”girlie magazines”, with pictures of partially clothed women. To enhance sales he used three leading pin-up artists of the time: Peter Driben, Earl Moran (aka Steffa) and Billy De Vorss.
"Beauty Parade" (”The World's Loveliest Girls”) was Harrison's first ”risqué” publication, started in October 1941. It contained, as the title suggests, pictures of pretty women, although not as raunchy as his later works. 
The magazine "Eyeful" (”Glorifying the American Girl”) was created in 1942 and was very similar to "Beauty Parade". The depicted women were still fully, or partially, clothed but were placed in more intimate positions. "Eyeful" often featured Bettie Page posing on the centrefold. 
"Wink" also imitated the style of "Beauty Parade", but contained a stronger element of fetishism, with women in bondage, handling whips or being spanked. 
In 1947 Harrison created "Flirt", which mainly featured the same kind of models as "Beauty Parade", but with more fetishist themes. 
"Titter" (”America's Merriest Magazine”) was another of Harrison's publications, which focused on the burlesque.
The only one of Harrison’s magazines that differed from the "Beauty Parade" format was "Whisper", started in April 1946. The contents were more explicit, violent and blatantly sexual, and Whisper reached sales figures of 600,000 copies per issue.
After Harrison had created "Confidential" many of "Confidential"'s articles were reproduced in the magazine. Harrison sold "Whisper" in 1958, but it survived into the early 1970s.
"Confidential" magazine.
The creation of "Confidential".
The idea for the "Confidential" gossip concept, Robert Harrison supposedly got while watching the U.S. Senate hearings on organized crime, conducted by Tennessee senator Estes Kefauver in the early 1950s. The hearings exposed the underworld in the USA, with mafia bosses who had colorful nicknames, lavish lifestyles and private lives full of scandalous details. The televised hearings often revealed real life people that were more interesting than the made-up characters of Harrison’s publications.
After the hearings Harrison started to build up the concept for his new magazine. He realized that he couldn’t target the mob without personal protection, and instead turned to the world of movies. Hollywood was a similar environment that seemed to live by its own laws, and contained the same glamorous lifestyles with promiscuity and temptations.
Confidential’s success.
The first "Confidential" issue was published in December 1952 under the caption "The Lid Is Off!". It was quarterly until August 1953, when it became a bi-monthly product and became the fastest growing magazine in the US. After only a couple of issues, Harrison claimed its circulation reached four million, and because every copy was estimated to be read by ten persons, it might have reached a fifth of the US population. 
Harrison soon started making approximately half a million dollars per issue. By 1955, "Confidential" had reached five million copies per issue with a larger circulation than "TV Guide", "Look", "The Saturday Evening Post" or even leading magazines such as "Life" and "Time".
"Confidential"’s concept was to insinuate about and expose the private lives of celebrities. For example the magazine alleged that Bing Crosby was a wife beater, that Rock Hudson and Liberace were homosexuals ("Lavender Lads"), and that Robert Mitchum had been charged, convicted, and jailed for smoking marijuana. (Mitchum had been arrested for marijuana possession on September 1, 1948 in Los Angeles, and spent 43 days in February and March 1949 in a prison farm in Castaic, California but the Los Angeles District Attorney dismissed the charges on January 31, 1951.) Apart from spreading gossip and outing homosexuals, "Confidential" combined the exposés with a conservative agenda especially targeted at those who sympathised with the left wing and in identifying those engaged in so-called ”miscegenation”.
The trial against "Confidential" and Harrison.
In 1957 Hollywood tried to stop the gossip-mongering and convinced the California Attorney-General to charge Robert Harrison with "conspiracy to publish criminal libel." When the trial started Defense Attorney Arthur J. Crowley subpoenaed more than 100 Hollywood stars as witnesses. This turned out to be a stroke of genius for the marketing of the scandal magazine. At the beginning of the trial the defense started reading the juiciest magazine pieces for the court record. This meant that the libellous stories could be reprinted by the more serious press, which was devastating for the film industry. 
After a record 15-day deliberation the jury announced that it was hung and could not reach a conclusive verdict. A retrial was scheduled but by then the film industry had had enough. Hollywood started wielding behind-the-scenes pressure by threatening to withhold campaign contributions for local politicians and after ten days the judge declared there would be no new trial.
Harrison after the trial.
After the mistrial Robert Harrison struck a deal with the film industry, which stated that the charges were dropped in exchange for leaving the movie stars alone. The deal became the effective end of "Confidential", as the magazine was no longer able to publish the juiciest gossip. Eventually Harrison settled with all individuals who had charged him with libel to salvage his income from six profitable years. In 1958 he sold off both "Confidential" and "Whisper".
In September 1956, Harrison generated front-page headlines around the world when he was shot in the arm during a safari in the Dominican Republic by a man who still harboured a grudge over a story "Confidential" published about his ex-wife. In his later years he ran a much smaller magazine called "Inside News". Robert Harrison died in 1978; the same year that "Confidential" was shut down.

</doc>
<doc id="20520754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520754" title="Our New Quarters (album)">
Our New Quarters (album)

Our New Quarters is the second album by Julian Fane, released in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20520779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520779" title="His Better Elf">
His Better Elf

His Better Elf is the 85th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on July 14, 1958, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
A poor and destitute Woody Woodpecker is seated in his tumbledown hut on the edge of the city dump, almost completely surrounded by bills. "I wish I was rich," he says. As he speaks, a four-leaf clover pops up. It changes into a small, green woodpecker, who claims that he's a leprechaun named O'Toole. The leprechaun, after showing Woody a few of his tricks, tells Woody that he has come to bring him three wishes. "I wish I was rich. Give me gold," says Woody. "You'll find it at the end of the rainbow," says O'Toole. Sure enough, Woody slides into a pile of gold. He fills a bag with gold and starts to run. Woody exits through a bank door and sets off an alarm which brings the police. As Woody, handcuffed by two policemen, is being taken away, Woody says to O'Toole, "I wish I was out of this. Take me home." "That's wish number two," says O'Toole, as he grants the wish. So, Woody's back where he started from, surrounded by bills, as O'Toole tells Woody that he should work for what he gets. As O'Toole starts to go, Woody remembers that he has one more wish, so he says to O'Toole, "Go to blazes." So O'Toole, the leprechaun, returns from the place once he came- his home of brimstone and blaze. It ended with Dante, the woodpecker devil, told O'Toole "You wore out, your welcome up there, again".

</doc>
<doc id="20520789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520789" title="Kyz kuu">
Kyz kuu

Kyz kuu (, , ) or kyz kuumai, ( ), literally "girl chasing", is a traditional sport among the Azerbaijanis, Kazakhs and Kyrgyz. It exhibits some elements of horse racing (which itself is known locally as at chabysh), but is often referred to as a "kissing game".
A game is usually conducted as follows. A young man on horseback waits at a given place (the starting line). A young woman, also mounted, starts her horse galloping from a given distance behind the young man. When the young woman passes the young man, he may start his horse galloping. The two race towards a finish line some distance ahead. If the young man is able to catch up to the young woman before they reach the finish line, he may reach out to her and steal a kiss, which constitutes his victory. However, if the young man has not caught up to the young woman by the time they reach the finish line, the young woman turns around and chases the young man back to the starting line. If she is in range of the young man, she may use her whip to beat him, which signifies a victory for her.

</doc>
<doc id="20520793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520793" title="Thüringer Volkszeitung">
Thüringer Volkszeitung

Thüringer Volkszeitung ('Thuringia People's Newspaper') was a communist newspaper published from Erfurt 1945-1946. It was the organ of the Communist Party of Germany in Thuringia. The paper was published thrice weekly in August 1945. It then became a daily newspaper, published from September 2, 1945 to April 6, 1945. It merged with "Tribüne", forming the newspaper "Thüringer Volk".

</doc>
<doc id="20520810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520810" title="Bill Inglis (footballer)">
Bill Inglis (footballer)

William White Inglis (2 March 1894 – 20 January 1968) was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a defender. He was born in Kirkcaldy. He played for Inverkeithing United, Kirkcaldy United, Raith Rovers, Sheffield Wednesday, Manchester United and Northampton Town. After retiring from playing, he returned to Manchester United as an assistant trainer for 27 years from 1934 to 1961. He died seven years later at the age of 73.

</doc>
<doc id="20520813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520813" title="Tree's a Crowd">
Tree's a Crowd

Tree’s a Crowd is the 87th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on September 8, 1958, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
A sightseeing bus enters the gates of a large estate through the courtesy of its owner, tree-loving millionaire Colonel Mulch. Woody, a hitchhiker atop the bus, hears the driver announce that the estate is noted for its rare and priceless trees. Woody immediately prepares for a delectable treat by putting on his napkin, and he goes to the arbor to sample the trees. Colonel Mulch, with a large magnifying glass, is inspecting some of the trees, and he suddenly sees an enlarged woodpecker standing on a bunch of one of them. The colonel does a double take and yells for his pet cat Filbert. When the cat arrives, it is immediately told to get rid of Woody. Filbert, hearing Woody pecking a tree, endeavors to carry out the order given to him. He uses various devices and tricks to catch Woody, but in every instance, Woody outsmarts him. As a last resort, Filbert tries to dynamite Woody from a tree hideout.
The explosion causes a chain reaction, which fells tree after tree. At the point of a gun in the colonel's hands, Filbert tries to repair the damage with every device—from glue to needle and thread. The sightseeing tour having come to an end, the bus driver announces that they are leaving the "ruins" of Colonel Mulch's estate. Upon turning around to inform his passengers that the damage was caused by a woodpecker, he discovers that the only passenger left is Woody, who has made a shambles of the bus.

</doc>
<doc id="20520839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520839" title="Tommy Lowrie">
Tommy Lowrie

Thomas "Tommy" Lowrie (14 January 1928 – 2009) was a Scottish football defender. He was born in Glasgow.
Lowrie played for Troon Athletic as a youth, before joining English club Manchester United in 1947. He later played for Aberdeen, Oldham Athletic, Stranraer and Berwick Rangers before retiring in 1956. He went on to coach at East Kilbride Thistle. Tommy Lowrie died in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20520842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520842" title="Volkswille">
Volkswille

Volkswille ("People's Will") was a communist newspaper published in Potsdam, East Germany, from 1945-1946. The frequency of publishing shifted from daily, weekly and triweekly. It merged with "Märker", forming the newspaper "Märkische Volksstimme".

</doc>
<doc id="20520846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520846" title="Jittery Jester">
Jittery Jester

Jittery Jester is the 88th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on November 3, 1958, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
A king, seated on the throne, says to official court jester Dapper Denver Dooley, "Make me laugh, jester." The jester does his best to comply, but his gags are old and stale, and they evoke no response from the king. The king goes to the window and sees Woody Woodpecker busy in a tree. Woody's antics so please the king that he laughs long and loud, and he orders the jester to bring Woody to him. The jester, now on a horse, orders the drawbridge openes, and he starts out of the castle. A knight boat whistles for clearance, and the drawbridge quickly raises. Jester and horse run smack into it. The jester again tries and finally gets near the tree where Woody's located. The jester, knowing that his job's at stake, has no desire to take Woody to the king, and he uses all kinds of tricks and devices to try to eliminate the competition. Woody outwits the jester, and we finally see Woody, in the jester's costume, before the king, with the jester tied to a stool. The king says to Woody, "Make me laugh, jester." Woody throws a soft, mushy pie into the ex-jester's face. As we fade out, the king's really having a big laugh for himself.

</doc>
<doc id="20520869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520869" title="Francesco Penso">
Francesco Penso

Francesco Penso called "Cabianca" (1665? — 1737) was an Italian sculptor. His earliest known work is the marble "St. Benedict" (1695) for San Michele in Isola, Venice. His best-known work is the reliquary (1711), with bas-reliefs of the Crucifixion, Deposition of Christ and the Pietà, for the sacristy in the Basilica di Santa Maria Gloriosa dei Frari, Venice. 
Penso was born and died in Venice. He spent the decade 1698-1708 in Dalmatia, where he provided sculptures for the high altar with Saints John, Dominic, Bruno and Chiara for Santa Chiara, Cattaro (Kotor), an altar for San Giuseppe and the marble altar of the chapel of St. Tryfon, in San Trifone.
In Venice are his limestone "Bellona", goddess of War, at the entrance to the Arsenal. In niches on the façade of the church of the Gesuiti are "St. John the Evangelist" and "St. James" with "St. Andrew" atop the balustrade. His bas-relief of the martyrdoms of the patron saints fills the tympanum of Santi Simeone e Giuda. On the staircase of the Seminario Patriarcale are bas-relief panels illustrating "Jacob's Dream" and the "Vision of the Orphan". "The Martyrization of the Saints" in the Church San Simeone Piccolo
Several of his life-size marble figures are in the Summer Garden, St. Petersburg: a "Saturn", "Vertumnus" and "Pomona" (1717), an "Antinous" (1722).

</doc>
<doc id="20520873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520873" title="Willie Watson (footballer)">
Willie Watson (footballer)

William "Willie" Watson (born 4 December 1949 in New Stevenston) is a Scottish former association football player, who played as a defender.
Watson signed with Manchester United in 1970. He played sparingly for United, going on loan to the Miami Toros of the North American Soccer League in 1973. After returning to England, Watson made a free transfer to Motherwell. In 1978, Watson moved to Dundee for two seasons. In 1980, he moved to the United States and signed with the Phoenix Inferno of the Major Indoor Soccer League. He spent four seasons with Phoenix. In the last season, the team was renamed the Phoenix Pride because the new Mormon ownership objected to the reference to hell.

</doc>
<doc id="20520885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520885" title="Aslanbəyli">
Aslanbəyli

Aslanbəyli is a municipality and village in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,772.

</doc>
<doc id="20520893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520893" title="Xanlıqlar, Qazakh">
Xanlıqlar, Qazakh

Xanlıqlar is a municipality and village in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,111.

</doc>
<doc id="20520898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520898" title="Hüseynbəyli, Qazakh">
Hüseynbəyli, Qazakh

Hüseynbəyli is a municipality and village in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,468.

</doc>
<doc id="20520899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520899" title="Vorwärts (Czechoslovak newspaper)">
Vorwärts (Czechoslovak newspaper)

Vorwärts ('Forward) was a communist newspaper published from Liberec, Czechoslovakia. It was the German-language organ of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia The frequency of publishing shifted, but the newspaper was a daily for most of the time between 1931 and 1934. The newspaper ceased publication in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="20520914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520914" title="Antonio Negrón García">
Antonio Negrón García

Antonio S. Negrón García is a Puerto Rican jurist. He served as a municipal judge before being appointed to the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico. He served for 26 years, gaining a reputation as one of the court's most prolific justices.
Early life.
Negrón García was born 31 December 1940 in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico. His father was Luis Negrón Fernández, who would eventually serve as Associate Justice and Chief Justice of the Court. He earned a B.A. from the University of Puerto Rico in 1962, and earned his law degree from the same in 1964.
Law career.
Upon being admitted to the bar that same year, Negrón García went to work as a legal advisor for the power and water company. He served as a judge in a District Court from 1966 to 1969, at which point he was elevated to a Superior Court. From 1972 to 1974 he presided over the Governor's Judicial Appointment Advisory Committee, as well as serving as Executive Secretary of the Justice Reform Council of Puerto Rico.
Supreme Court.
After Trías Monge's appointment to Chief Justice in 1974, there remained one vacancy in the Supreme Court. Hernández Colón had avoided filling the spot until Negrón García had fulfilled the Supreme Courts requirement for membership: ten years as a licensed jurist in Puerto Rico. At the time, he was the youngest person ever to be appointed to the Supreme Court.
Retirement.
Negrón García stepped down after 26 years as an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court. He is currently a professor at the Universidad Interamericana. He writes occasional columns for El Nuevo Día, and he serves as an advisor to the Joint Commission on the Revision of the Civil Code of Puerto Rico in the matter of torts.

</doc>
<doc id="20520951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520951" title="2008 attacks on Christians in Mosul">
2008 attacks on Christians in Mosul

2008 attacks on Christians in Mosul was a series of attacks which targeted the Christians Mosul, Iraq. The Christians of Mosul which were already targeted during the Iraq War left the city en masse heading to Assyrian Christian villages in Nineveh Plains and Iraqi Kurdistan.
Both Sunni extremists, and Kurdish peshmerga were blamed for the attacks.
Background.
Religious minorities in general and Christians in particular were badly affected by the rise of Islamic fundamentalism after the invasion of Iraq. A number of Christians was killed in Baghdad and Mosul, and in 1 Augusts 2004 a series of explosions targeted Churches in Baghdad, Mosul and Kirkuk leaving 15 dead and 71 injured.
On 13 March 2008, the body of the Chaldean Archbishop of the city, Paulos Faraj Rahho, was found buried in a shallow grave near Mosul. Rahho was the highest ranking Christian cleric to be killed in Iraq. 
Attacks.
October attacks.
The first series of attacks started in October when Christians families were given choice of death or converting to Islam. By the end of the month around 14 Christians were killed and more than 13,000 were forced to flee to Nineveh Plains.
The Iraqi government pledged to $ 900,000 to help the refugees.
November attacks.
Seven bodies belonging to Christians were found in the streets of Mosul on early November. A house belonging to Syriac Catholic sisters was attacked and two nuns were killed and a third severely injured. Around 500 families were forced to flee the city as a result, where they found refuge in Churches and with relatives in nearby villages.
Aftermath.
2009 attacks.
On January 2009 15 Christians were killed in Mosul and more Christians fled to the Nineveh Plains and Christian villages in Iraqi Kurdistan seeking safety.
Accusation of Kurdish involvement.
The Kurdish region is generally considered much safer for Christians and other religious minorities than other parts of Iraq. These attacks were however blamed on the Peshmerga who were forcing Christians out of their homes by threatening them with death or by killing them. Eye witnesses claimed the some of the assailants were identified by their dialect as Kurds trying to pose as Arabs.
Rumour circulated that Kurds had secretly targeted the Christians in order to draw them to their side during an anticipated referendum concerning the Disputed territories of Iraq, of which the Christians form a substantial minority.
Some Iraqi and American military officials denied the allegations of Kurdish responsibility.
Younadem Kana, a member of Iraq’s parliament and head of the Assyrian Democratic Movement, said media reports, including the London-based Asharq Al-Awsat newspaper, “published lies under my name” accusing the Kurds of allowing violence to displace more Mosul Christians. “My statements were changed and fabrications were published under my name,” said Kana, who also heads the Assyrian Democratic Movement. He said the accusation against Kurds, first publicized at a press conference Oct. 25 by Sunni parliamentarian Osama al-Nujaifi, were “baseless.”
Accusations against Kurdish groups were also made by al-Hadba Arab political bloc of Mosul, which is led by Osama Al Naijafi and his brother, Atheel, the current governor of Nineveh.

</doc>
<doc id="20520952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520952" title="James McCrae (footballer)">
James McCrae (footballer)

James Clark Fulton McCrae (also spelt "McRae", "McRea", "McCray" and "McCabe"; 2 September 1894 – 3 September 1974) was a Scottish football player and manager. His brother was Scottish international player David McCrae.
Career.
Playing career.
Born in Bridge of Weir, McCrae signed professional forms with Clyde in 1912, but his playing career was interrupted by the First World War. During the War, McCrae joined the Grenadier Guards, playing for their football team, as well as guesting for Clyde, Rangers, and West Ham United. McCrae joined West Ham United permanently in June 1919, playing in their first ever League game. McCrae also played for Bury, Wigan Borough, New Brighton, Manchester United and Watford, and he made a total of 187 appearances in the Football League. McCrae later played in Scotland for Third Lanark and his first club, Clyde, before retiring in 1928.
Coaching career.
McCrae coached Egypt at the 1934 FIFA World Cup, and also managed İstanbulspor in Turkey and Fram of Iceland.

</doc>
<doc id="20520971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520971" title="Freedom Song">
Freedom Song

Freedom Song is a 1982 live album by Oscar Peterson, recorded in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20520982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520982" title="MSI GuaranteedWeather">
MSI GuaranteedWeather

MSI GuaranteedWeather, LLC is a weather risk management company based in Overland Park, Kansas. It began in 1999 as a subsidiary of Aquila, Inc. but since 2007 is a wholly owned subsidiary of Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Co., Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="20520997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520997" title="Sozialistische Volkszeitung">
Sozialistische Volkszeitung

Sozialistische Volkszeitung ('Socialist People's Newspaper') was a communist newspaper published from Frankfurt am Main, West Germany. It was an organ of the Communist Party of Germany. It was published daily (except Sundays) between August 1, 1949 and August 17, 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20520999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20520999" title="Kickin' Game">
Kickin' Game

"Kickin' Game" is the second album released by Havoc & Prodeje. It was released on October 25, 1994 for Quality Records and was produced by the duo. The album managed to make it to #59 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, thus making it their only release to make it to the Billboard charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20521000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521000" title="DJ Sharpnel">
DJ Sharpnel

DJ Sharpnel is the collective alias for Japanese electronic artists Jea and Lemmy. Via their Dōjin label Sharpnelsound, they release albums consisting of their own speedcore, gabber, happy hardcore and trance works as well as guest tracks from acquaintances of the group, such as DJ Chucky, m1dy, and M-Project.
History and style.
The beginnings of DJ Sharpnel came in 1996 when Jea joined up with Project Gabbangelion and later released the album "sharpnel vs Project Gabbangelion" in 1998. DJ Sharpnel's most recent album, Bassline Dangerous, was released on August, 2011. DJ Sharpnel's active contribution to the Japanese underground hardcore techno scene has helped form a new genre of music known as J-Core. Although DJ Sharpnel never describes Lemmy as a DJ or producer, she has created several songs, such as those listed on SRPC-0004. The style of DJ Sharpnel’s music differs from that of other hardcore artists. Its aggressive overtones are often brightened up with sped-up Japanese popular music or spoken voice samples from various anime. These are also often fused with more Western influences, such as lyrics from American hip hop music and cartoons.
Much of the sales of Sharpnel Sound records, as well as management of the hardrave online radio station and promotion of Sharpnelsound events, is done through Guhroovy, a primarily-hardcore record store located in Shibuya and operated by DJ Chucky. Aside from their prolific discography on the Sharpnelsound label, DJ Sharpnel has also provided tracks for other Japanese labels such as Maddest Chickn’dom, Ravin Beatz Japan, and Gabba Disco.
Aliases.
DJ Sharpnel has used various artist names throughout their releases, depending on the specific style of the track or album. The main aliases are "DJ Sharpnel" (standard hardcore and happy hardcore style, with Lemmy) and "Killingscum" (terror, speedcore, and breakcore style, with just Jea). SHARPNEL.NET is the name for the collaborative "performance project" of the Sharpnelsound label, with Jea as live DJ and Lemmy as live VJ. Although, according to their MySpace page, DJ Sharpnel is the name on the produced albums, Killingscum is occasionally credited to tracks, separating Jea from Lemmy. In addition to Killingscum, Jea also uses "DJ Jea" as a solo alias when he performs hardstyle music and tracks related to the SPRH series.
Other group aliases have been used when Jea and Lemmy collaborated with other artists prior to the creation of the DJ Sharpnel name, such as Project Gabbangelion (which included Jea, Viscion, and Tangion) and High Speed Music Team Sharpnel (which included Jea, La-Quebrata, Jun-Q, Quebradora, and Lemmy). Still other albums are credited to "DJ Sharpnel & V.A" indicating that various other artists produced tracks on the album.
The name "DJ Sharpnel" is commonly used to refer to any combination of musicians led by Jea (with or without Lemmy), even those prior to 2000 and those on albums not associated with the Sharpnelsound label.
Western Influence.
Due to DJ Sharpnel's extended time and dedication to the J-Core music scene (as well as the increased popularity of anime in the West), Western recognition of Japanese hardcore has increased. Many up-and-coming new artists have acknowledged DJ Sharpnel's influence, including DJ Zaiaku, T2Kazuya, Spy47 and Shingo DJ.
Discography.
DJ Sharpnel's discography is very large, tallying to over 53 albums in which the duo has contributed to (most likely not together at all times) and at least 10 albums in which they are the primary or sole contributor. Below is the primary discography associated with the Sharpnelsound label, with DJ Sharpnel as the primary artist (albeit with varying aliases used throughout). For most albums in the SRPC series, there are two versions. First, a CDr version released at Comiket, then later a pressed CD version to be sold at shops. The CDr versions are produced in smaller quantities and are therefore rarer, and usually have a tracklist differing somewhat from the final pressed version.
See Also.
Hardcore Techno

</doc>
<doc id="20521009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521009" title="Romero Cavalcanti">
Romero Cavalcanti

Romero Cavalcanti (born October 22, 1952), nicknamed "Jacaré", is a practitioner of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and the founder-head coach of the prestigious Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Team. He is one of the six people to have been promoted to Black Belt by the famous Rolls Gracie prior to his death in a hang gliding accident. Romero has coached many of today's top Black belt competitors and black belt coaches and was a significant influence on the US Army Combatives Program through his student Matt Larsen.
Biography.
Romero began training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at 11 years old. By the age of 16, Romero regularly attended jiu jitsu classes at the famous Gracie School in Copacabana where he grew up, alongside Carlos Gracie, Jr., Crolin Gracie, Mario Claudio Tallarico, Fábio Santos, Mauricio Motta Gomes, the Machados, and Rickson Gracie. After extensive competition from 1972 to 1985 and working as an assistant instructor at the Gracie school, Romero opened his first school in Ipanema, Brazil. Romero had studied in New York in the 1970s, and in 1995 he moved back to the US with his family and opened a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu school in Miami. He later moved to Atlanta where he established a school in late 1996.
Instructor Lineage.
Mitsuyo "Count Koma" Maeda → Carlos Gracie, Sr. → Helio Gracie → Rolls Gracie → Romero "Jacaré" Cavalcanti

</doc>
<doc id="20521023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521023" title="1921–22 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1921–22 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1921-22 campaign saw Town win their first piece of silverware in their 14-year history. By beating Preston North End at Stamford Bridge, Town won the FA Cup and reaped the rewards from the townspeople at St. George's Square on their return.
Review.
Following the disappointing showing in Town's 1st season in the top-flight, Town were hoping for better fortunes in their second season, but Town made the same amount of points that they did the previous season, but they did finish 3 places higher than the previous season.
However, the season is fondly remembered by Town fans for their success in the FA Cup. After needing replays to beat Burnley, Brighton & Hove Albion and Blackburn Rovers, they dispatched Millwall in the 4th round and easily disposing of Notts County at Turf Moor in the semis and reached their 2nd final in 3 years. They played Preston North End in the final, just 2 days after beating them 6-0 in the league. Billy Smith (who along with Ernie Islip had scored a hat-trick in the 6-0 win) scored the winning penalty and Town won the cup for their 1st and only time.

</doc>
<doc id="20521038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521038" title="2008–09 Canadian parliamentary dispute">
2008–09 Canadian parliamentary dispute

The 2008–2009 Canadian parliamentary dispute was a political dispute during the 40th Canadian Parliament. It was triggered by the expressed intention of the opposition parties (who together held a majority of seats in the House of Commons) to defeat the Conservative minority government on a motion of non-confidence six weeks after the federal election on October 14, 2008.
The intention to vote non-confidence arose from the government's fiscal update, tabled on November 27, 2008. It included several contentious provisions that were rejected by the opposition parties and that the government would later withdraw to resolve the crisis. The Liberal Party and New Democratic Party reached an accord to form a minority coalition government. The Bloc Québécois agreed to provide support on confidence votes, thereby enabling the coalition a majority in the Commons. On December 4, 2008, Governor General Michaëlle Jean (the representative of the Canadian monarch and head of state, Elizabeth II) granted Prime Minister Stephen Harper (the head of government) a prorogation on the condition that parliament reconvene early in the new year; the date was set as January 26, 2009. The first session of the 40th parliament thus ended, delaying a vote of no-confidence.
After prorogation, the Liberals underwent a change in leadership and distanced themselves from the coalition agreement, while the NDP and Bloc remained committed to bring down the government. The Conservative government's budget, unveiled on January 27, 2009, largely met the demands of the Liberals who agreed to support it with an amendment to the budget motion.
Background.
The 39th Canadian Parliament produced a Conservative minority government headed by Stephen Harper that lasted for two and a half years. On September 7, 2008, the prime minister was granted a dissolution of parliament, triggering a snap election. Harper claimed that parliament had become dysfunctional necessitating a renewed mandate.
During the election campaign, publicity for strategic voting came from the Liberals, the Green Party, and the Anything But Conservative (ABC) campaign, foreshadowing the political divide that would become apparent in the weeks after the federal election, held on October 14. The final tally saw an increase in the Conservative seat count from 127 to 143, a plurality, while the Liberals, led by Stéphane Dion, returned as Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition, with 77 seats, down from 103 seats. Two other parties, the New Democratic Party (NDP), with 37 seats, up from 29 seats, and the Bloc Québécois, with 49 seats, down from 51 seats, together with two independent members of parliament, were elected to the House of Commons.
The dispute.
Catalyst: November 2008 fiscal update.
On November 27, 2008, Finance Minister Jim Flaherty provided the House of Commons with a fiscal update, within which were plans to cut government spending, suspend the ability of civil servants to strike until 2011, sell off some Crown assets to raise capital, and eliminate the existing CAD$1.95 per vote subsidy parties garner in an election. Since money bills are matters of confidence, the opposition was forced to consider whether to accept the motion or bring down the government. Flaherty's update was ultimately rejected, purportedly on the grounds that it lacked any fiscal stimulus during the ongoing economic crisis, for its suspension of federal civil servants' ability to strike, for suspending the right for women to seek recourse from the courts for pay equity issues, and for the change in election financing rules.
Formation of a coalition.
After the Conservative government tabled its fiscal update, NDP leader Jack Layton asked his predecessor, Ed Broadbent, to contact former Liberal prime minister Jean Chrétien to discuss a coalition to oust the Conservatives from power. The plan became public almost immediately. Labelling the absence of an economic stimulus plan as irresponsible and the removal of public funding to parties as an attack against democracy, the opposition threatened to topple the weeks-old government by voting against the fiscal update. The opposition parties counted on the probability that Governor General Michaëlle Jean would invite a Liberal-NDP coalition able to hold the confidence of the House of Commons to form a government, instead of any other options available to her.
It was decided that the coalition between the Liberals and NDP would last until June 30, 2011, the proposed coalition having a cabinet of 24 ministers of the Crown, with the leader of the Liberal Party as prime minister, 17 other Liberal ministers (including the minister of finance), and six New Democratic ministers; if the prime minister chose a larger cabinet, the NDP proportion would be maintained. As the outgoing leader of the Liberal Party, Dion would have become prime minister, likely serving until the Liberal leadership convention in May 2009. Further, Liberal party elders Frank McKenna, Paul Martin, John Manley, and former NDP premier Roy Romanow, were reported to have been asked to form an economic advisory body to the coalition if needed, though both McKenna and Manley declined to take part.
The leader of the Bloc Québécois, which held the balance of power in the 40th parliament, signed a policy accord with the other opposition parties and agreed to support the proposed coalition on confidence matters until at least June 30, 2010. In return, the Bloc would have seen a consultative mechanism in place for the duration of the agreement, but would have no direct participation in the coalition, receiving no cabinet positions and being free to vote as it wished on other matters. Independent MP Bill Casey announced he would join in voting non-confidence in Harper's government. It has been speculated that Layton and Duceppe had formed an agreement prior to the Conservatives' fiscal update and then persuaded Dion to sign on.
In December 2008, Elizabeth May announced the Green Party would support the proposed coalition from outside parliament. Dion indicated that the Green Party would be given input, but not a veto, over coalition policy and left open the possibility, should he become prime minister, of advising the appointment of May to the Senate.
The only example of a federal coalition government in Canada was that which was in office when the country was federated in 1867, called the Great Coalition led by Sir John A. Macdonald. There have been, however, examples of coalition governments in the Canadian provinces: In Manitoba, a coalition existed between the provincial Liberal Party and the Progressives following the 1932 election; the two parties subsequently merged, and also led a coalition government with several other parties through the 1940s. At approximately the same time, British Columbia was governed by a Liberal-Conservative coalition, formed to keep the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) from power. And, in 1985 in Ontario, the Liberals and the third-place New Democrats reached an agreement to vote non-confidence in the governing Progressive Conservative (which held a plurality, but not a majority of seats in the legislature) and have the lieutenant governor appoint the Liberal leader, David Peterson, as premier, with the NDP pledging to support his government on confidence motions for a period of two years; the NDP, however, had no cabinet posts. The most recent coalition was seen in Saskatchewan, when, in 1999, the New Democratic Party formed such an arrangement with two Saskatchewan Liberal Party MLAs.
During the First World War, the Unionist Party was quickly formed after a coalition was proposed in response to the Conscription Crisis of 1917 and, in 2000, the Canadian Alliance and Progressive Conservatives were allegedly secretly considering forming a coalition government with the Bloc Québécois if, together, their three parties had won a majority of the seats in the 2000 election. Four years following, Stephen Harper sent a letter to then Governor General Adrienne Clarkson, suggesting that, if the Liberal minority government fell, the Conservatives would be willing to form a government with the support of the Bloc Québécois and NDP. During a subsequent press conference, Harper said: "In a minority parliament, if the government is defeated, the Governor-General should first consult widely before accepting any advice to dissolve parliament. So I would not want the prime minister to think that he can simply fail in the House of Commons as a route to a general election. That's not the way our system works."
Cabinet response.
On November 28, 2008, Stephen Harper referred to the accord between the Liberals and NDP as undemocratic backroom dealing, stating that the opposition parties were "overturning the results of an election a few weeks later in order to form a coalition that nobody voted for"; Transport minister John Baird announced that two of the Minister of Finance's proposals that had been rejected by the opposition—the elimination of political party subsidies and a ban on strikes by public servants—would be dropped. Further, in response to the opposition's demands for an economic stimulus package, the Conservatives changed their plan to one in which a federal budget would be presented on January 27, 2009, instead of late February or early March. However, despite these concessions, the Liberals still indicated that they intended to present their motion of non-confidence on December 8.
The government then cancelled its initial opposition day, which was originally to be held on December 1, to avert the threatened vote of non-confidence, meaning the earliest the coalition could possibly take office would be following a vote on a Liberal motion of non-confidence or on a supply motion put forth by the government, both scheduled for December 8, 2008. On November 30, the Conservatives released a secretly recorded private NDP conference call in which Jack Layton indicated that the groundwork for assuring the Bloc's participation "was done a long time ago." The NDP said in reaction that they would consider pressing criminal charges and alleged that Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) John Duncan received the invitation to participate by mistake, in place of NDP MP Linda Duncan, who had "a similar email address." However, it does not constitute a wiretap crime under the Criminal Code of Canada if someone is invited to participate in a conference call and then releases the recording publicly.
The possible change of government was debated during Question Period, and the Conservatives aired radio and television advertisements contending that "a leader whose party captured just 25% of the vote in the October 14 election doesn't have a legitimate mandate to govern." In anticipation of the Prime Minister's visit to the Governor General, Harper's office also organised protests outside of the viceroy's residence, while Baird said that "Conservatives would go over the head of Parliament and of the Governor General." The revenue minister, Jean-Pierre Blackburn, said "It's a kind of coup d'état", while Environment Minister Jim Prentice declared the coalition to be "irresponsible and it is undemocratic." Echoing Prentice's sentiment, Harper insisted that the government "will use all legal means to resist this undemocratic seizure of power."
The role of the Governor General.
Governor General Michaëlle Jean stated that "what is happening right now is part of the possibilities in our democratic system and I think that people can be reassured that, as I turn to what is happening, I am myself looking at my constitutional duties." Jean had three possible actions to pursue during her meeting with the prime minister on December 4, 2008: dissolve parliament, prorogue parliament, or ask him to resign and invite the opposition parties to form a government.
The media looked to the two previous occasions when the reserve powers of the governor general were used in respect to declining the advice of the prime minister: The first was in 1896, when Charles Tupper refused to resign as prime minister following his party's loss in the election of that year and Governor General the Earl of Aberdeen refused to make several appointments, forcing Tupper to relinquish office. The second was in 1926, during the King-Byng Affair, when Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King, already in minority government and having lost two votes that suggested he was likely to lose a third vote—one on a confidence question—asked Governor General the Viscount Byng of Vimy to dissolve parliament. Byng refused on the grounds that parliament should sit for a reasonable period before a new election may be called, and then only if members of parliament are demonstrably unable to work together to form an alternate government. One view held that, in applying the constitutional conventions relied upon by Byng to the matters in 2008, Jean would have been obliged to deny a request to dissolve parliament within less than six months of the previous election, unless Harper had a valid reason consistent with Commonwealth constitutional history. However, the situation in 2008 was not identical that which pertained in 1926, and so the precedent may not have been directly applicable; in the 1925 election, Arthur Meighen had emerged as the plurality seat winner and the Liberals had suffered an electoral rebuff, with King losing his own parliamentary riding. Although Byng had suggested he resign immediately, King and his cabinet struggled on with Progressive Party support. In 2008, the Tories were in an electoral ascendancy while the Liberals suffered one of their heaviest defeats. In addition, former Governor-General of New Zealand Sir Michael Hardie Boys expressed the opinion that Byng had been in error in not re-appointing King as prime minister on the defeat of Meighen in the vote of confidence.
Dissolution of parliament.
Peter H. Russell, a professor emeritus of political science at the University of Toronto, suggested that if Harper had sought a dissolution, the governor general would have had to consider carefully the reasonableness of the request. In Russell's view, the viceroy's primary concern is to protect parliamentary democracy and a dissolution of parliament would have necessitated an election only two months after the preceding one; repeated short term elections are not healthy for the system. In such a case, with a reasonably viable coalition available, Jean might then refuse Harper's request for dissolution (requiring Harper to resign under constitutional precedent), and commission Dion to form a government. Former governor general Adrienne Clarkson wrote in her memoirs, "Heart Matters", that she would have allowed the then prime minister, Paul Martin, a dissolution of parliament only after at least six months following the 2004 election; "To put the Canadian people through an election before six months would have been irresponsible," she wrote, especially considering that she had received a letter co-signed by then opposition leader Stephen Harper, NDP leader Jack Layton, and Bloc leader Gilles Duceppe, asking her to consider letting them attempt to form a government without an election if the Liberal government should fall.
"Maclean's" columnist Andrew Coyne noted that, while a coalition government is neither unconstitutional nor illegitimate, there are several concerns that the governor general must address in considering installing such a government. As the coalition appeared volatile, its permanence or lack thereof would be a factor, as well as the possibility of creating a prolonged period of instability and uncertainty. Coyne also noted that the opposition parties' plan was an extreme application of the traditional parliamentary prerogative to choose a government; that is, defeating an established government so soon after an election and replacing it with a likely unstable one.
Prorogation of parliament.
The option of prorogation (or discontinuing the session of parliament without dissolving it) presented various possible scenarios: One was a long-term prorogation, lasting up to a legal maximum of one year, while another was a short prorogation period lasting a few weeks to a few months. Each would delay any parliamentary activity, including the registering of a motion of non-confidence, and the Conservative government would therefore continue, though without new funding, which requires parliamentary approval. After discussions with the Governor General, Harper's requested prorogation would suspend parliament until January 26, 2009, with the Cabinet scheduled to present the budget the following day. On December 3, Dion wrote to the Governor General with his opinion that she must refuse a prorogation as, in his opinion, it would be an abuse of power denying the right of the legislature to give or withhold its confidence in the government. He also suggested that the government had already, in effect, lost the confidence of the house and that she could therefore no longer accept Harper's advice as her prime minister.
Constitutional scholar C.E.S. Franks of Queen's University suggested that the Governor General could have agreed to prorogue parliament, though on the condition that the government only manage day-to-day affairs until parliament was reconvened; the Governor General would not approve orders-in-council requiring Cabinet decisions, meaning that the government could not undertake any major policy initiatives, much like the way governments govern during an election campaign. However, a prime minister asking for prorogation when facing an imminent confidence vote, as well a governor general refusing or implementing conditions on such a request, would all be unprecedented in Canadian history; "there is no precedent whatsoever in Canada and probably in the Commonwealth," Franks stated. Constitutional scholar and former advisor to governors general Ted McWhinney said that the Governor General would have no choice but to follow the Prime Minister's advice if asked for a prorogation, though the Prime Minister would have to explain to the electorate why he had advised this particular course.
Former governor general and NDP politician Edward Schreyer stated that if the Conservative government were to lose a vote of confidence, Michaëlle Jean would have no choice but to offer the coalition the opportunity to govern. He also said that prorogation would be a difficult judgement call and said that a short prorogation might be reasonable as long as it wasn't "used in the longer term as a means of evading, avoiding and thwarting the expression of the parliamentary will" by avoiding a confidence vote.
In 1873, during the 2nd Canadian parliament, Prime Minister Sir John A. Macdonald asked Governor General the Earl of Dufferin to prorogue parliament in order to stop the work of a committee investigating Macdonald's involvement in the Pacific Scandal. While the Governor General did reluctantly prorogue parliament, he limited it to a period of ten weeks. When parliament returned, Macdonald was censured and had to resign.
Leadup to the Governor General's decision.
Leaders' addresses to the nation on December 3.
Both Harper and Dion addressed the nation on December 3, 2008, with televised statements broadcast on Canada's major television networks. Harper's five minute pre-recorded statement, televised nationally in English and French at 7 pm Eastern Time (ET), outlined the steps the government had taken to address the economic crisis, while also attacking the Liberals for forming a coalition with the separatist Bloc Québécois. Harper said: "at a time of global economic instability, Canada's government must stand unequivocally for keeping the country together. At a time like this, a coalition with the separatists cannot help Canada. And the opposition does not have the democratic right to impose a coalition with the separatists they promised voters would never happen." The press noted that while he used the word "sovereigntist" in the French version of his speech, Harper used "separatist" in English.
The networks also agreed to air a response from Dion, which aired around 7:30 pm ET; in it, Dion attacked the Conservatives, stating they did not have a plan to weather the economic crisis, and he claimed that Canadians did not want another election, instead preferring that parliament work together during this time. "Within one week, a new direction will be established, a tone and focus will be set. We will gather with leaders of industry and labour to work, unlike the Conservatives, in a collaborative, but urgent manner to protect jobs." This statement, intended to air immediately following Harper's, was late in arriving to the networks and was of low video quality, prompting the party to apologize; "The Globe and Mail" reported on December 5 that Dion's chief of staff had bypassed the normal in-house Liberal shop, instead retaining an outside consultant to produce the video on short notice. CBC Television stayed on the air past 7:30 pm to show Dion's statement, cutting into its regularly scheduled programming, and network anchorman Peter Mansbridge, speaking later that night on the newscast "", compared the quality of Dion's video to YouTube. CTV Television Network, which had already signed off its special broadcast before Dion's statement arrived, was met with complaints both that the network had ignored the Liberals and that Dion had snubbed the network. CTV commentator Robert Fife stated that the New Democrats and Bloc Québécois were "angry" with the quality of Dion's address, elaborating that it had undermined the credibility of the coalition. Public statements also came from the Bloc and NDP leaders: Layton unsuccessfully requested his own airtime and had to share with Dion, although he later addressed Canadians live on the national news channels where he said "tonight, only one party stands in the way of a government that actually works for Canadians... Instead of acting on these ideas... Mr. Harper delivered a partisan attack." Duceppe said "Stephen Harper showed a serious and worrisome lack of judgment by putting his party's ideology before the economy."
Immediate reaction.
In the nine predominantly English-speaking provinces, polls showed the idea of a coalition was unpopular. Strongest support for the coalition came from Canada's east coast and Quebec, while the strongest opposition was in Alberta, where people feared being politically marginalized by the four eastern-based opposition leaders. It was speculated that had the coalition taken power from the Conservatives, it would revive western alienation, with some suggesting the formation of a western-based separatist party to counter the Bloc Québécois. Anti-coalition rally organizers, however, emphasized that their opposition was to the Bloc's associations with the coalition, not Quebecers in general (despite the fact that the Bloc's would be a 'supporter' of the coalition, not a partner along with NDP or Liberal). On December 2, 2008, the day after the three opposition parties signed the accord, the Canadian dollar dropped slightly. There were some speculation that markets would react negatively to the potential instability of a coalition government that required the support of a separatist party.
At the same time, the Conservative attacks on the coalition may have cost the party support in Quebec, as Quebecers "tend to view sovereignist parties as legitimate political formations"; Antonia Maioni, head of the Institute for the Study of Canada at McGill University, stated that " is portraying not only the Bloc Québécois but Quebecers in general as being a threat to national unity in Canada." Dion defended the coalition accord, saying that "fellow Quebecers who believe in separation are more likely to be reconciled with Canada if we work with them than if we marginalize them". Kelly McParland criticized Dion, a staunch federalist and the author of the Clarity Act, for taking part in negotiations with the Bloc.
Other reactions.
Statements regarding the upset in Ottawa came from provincial premiers, both past and present: Danny Williams, Premier of Newfoundland and Labrador, who originally started the ABC campaign, stated that he would remain neutral on this issue and that he would work with whomever was prime minister; British Columbia premier Gordon Campbell spoke out against the coalition, stating that if their gamble fails, Canada's economic worries will become significantly worse as a result; Alberta Premier Ed Stelmach urged federal party leaders to take a time out and hold off the non-confidence vote until the new year so a federal budget can be introduced; and former Quebec premier Jacques Parizeau told "Le Journal de Montréal" that the deal was an "impressive victory", showing how powerful the Bloc Québécois is in federal politics.
Quebec Premier Jean Charest, a federalist and former leader of the federal Progressive Conservative Party, condemned the "anti-sovereigntist rhetoric" of the prime minister, emphasizing that the Bloc MPs had been legitimately elected by Quebecers, and stating: "I live in a society in which people can be sovereigntists or federalists, but they respect each other. The same thing should prevail in the federal parliament." He also accused Parti Québécois leader Pauline Marois of using the ensuing discussion about the coalition to attempt to build sovereigntist momentum.
Political satirist and commentator Rick Mercer wrote, "The drama that played out this week was many things: unimaginable, embarrassing and, yes, it made our parliamentary system look like a laughingstock. However, this situation was not, as Mr. Harper insisted, undemocratic, illegal or un-Canadian." The editorial board of "The Globe and Mail" echoed Mercer's sentiment, pointing out that Harper's statements on the legality of the coalition were "knowingly erroneous" and, in June 2012, Peter H. Russell said the Conservative's attacks on the legitimacy of the coalition proposal were "deliberately misleading" and that the notion that "a multiparty government must be approved by voters beforehand is 'absolutely B.S.'"
The Governor General prorogues parliament.
On December 2, it was announced that Harper's plan was to ask the Governor General to prorogue parliament delaying a confidence vote until the new year. The coalition leadership sent a letter to Jean—who, at the time, was abroad on a state visit to various European countries—informing her of the events, upon the receipt of which, Jean announced that she would cut her trip short and return to Ottawa "in light of the current political situation in Canada." Harper visited the Governor General at Rideau Hall, at approximately 9:30 am ET, on December 4. After consulting with the Prime Minister and other advisors for more than two hours, Jean granted Harper's request and parliament was prorogued until January 26, 2009, with the Conservatives scheduled to announce the budget the following day. Near the end of her tenure as vicereine, Jean revealed to the Canadian Press that the two-hour delay in giving her decision was partly to "send a message—and for people to understand that this warranted reflection." She later stated in an interview on "The Hour" that "I was in a position where I could have said no... And the decision had really to, in my mind, to be in the best interests, really, of the country, looking at all of the circumstances. And I have no regrets."
It was also at the same time said by Peter H. Russell, one of the constitutional experts from whom Jean sought advice, that Canadians ought not regard the Governor General's decision to grant Harper's request as an automatic rubber stamp; Russell disclosed that Jean granted the prorogation on two conditions: parliament would reconvene soon and, when it did, the Cabinet would present to parliament a proposed budget, a vote on which is automatically a matter of confidence. This, Russell said, set a precedent that would prevent future prime ministers from advising the prorogation of parliament "for any length of time for any reason." He in 2012 also speculated that, though it was likely not "an overriding factor", Jean may have been concerned that, should she refuse Harper's advice, the vote of non-confidence proceeded and succeeded, and a new coalition Cabinet was installed, the Conservative Party would launch a public campaign painting the new government and, by extension, the actions of the Governor General as illegitimate, creating "a crisis of confidence in Canada’s political system." Peter Hogg disagreed with Russell's supposition.
Most scholars indicated that the privacy of the meeting between Harper and Jean follows "the tradition of regal discretion back centuries, to the era when Britain's Parliament was only a minor branch of government"; the practice protects the viceroy's necessary non-partisan nature. Lorne Sossin, professor at the University of Toronto and a constitutional law expert, offered a counter-opinion, stating that "it is simply not acceptable to have a closed door at Rideau Hall at moments like this," citing that transparency is a necessity in democracy. Joe Comartin, NDP MP for Windsor-Tecumseh, suggested that such decisions should be made by the Chief Justice of Canada after a hearing in open court.
Andrew Dreschel of the "Hamilton Spectator" stated proroguing parliament was the right move, imposing a "cooling-off period on the sweaty rhetoric and dank distortions that have been steaming up the political spectrum". MP Bruce Stanton said the suspension of parliament until late January "was perhaps the last tool in our basket to be able to allow parliamentarians to take a step back". Before Russell revealed the conditions Jean placed on her acceptance of Harper's advice, there was some concern that Jean's decision may have set a precedent for a prime minister may seek prorogation or dissolution when confronting a potential vote of non-confidence. Nelson Wiseman, a professor of political science at the University of Toronto, said the following of Harper's advice "has been a blow to parliamentary democracy in Canada" and Helen Forsey, daughter of Eugene Forsey, claimed that Jean's granting of prorogation was a shameful encouragement of "flagrantly subversive behaviour by a Prime Minister" and that, had he still been alive, the senior Forsey's "denunciations would have been ringing from the rooftops." Margaret Wente at the "Globe and Mail" opined that the Governor General was the only person who emerged from the situation with any gained respect.
In his book "Harperland", published in late 2010, columnist Lawrence Martin quoted Kory Teneycke, former director of communication for the Office of the Prime Minister, as saying that, in the days preceding Harper's meeting with the Governor General, the option of appealing to the Queen was considered, should Jean decline prorogation. Such a series of events would have been a first in Canadian history. Constitutional scholar Ned Franks said to "The Globe and Mail" in September 2010, that the Queen would likely have refused to intervene in such circumstances.
Aftermath.
On December 4, 2008, after the prorogation, Dion hinted that the Liberals could support the Conservative budget, but only if it represented a "monumental change." Layton and Duceppe remained committed to their proposed coalition and toppling the Harper government, with Layton demanding that the Conservatives provide affordable housing and childcare programs alongside subsidies for struggling industries. Liberal MP Jim Karygiannis said that the coalition would not survive when parliament resumed, while others in his party suggested working with the Conservatives on the economy.
Liberal party reaction.
After the Governor General prorogued parliament, there were questions within the Liberal Party regarding the future of Dion's leadership and the coalition. In a caucus meeting held the same day of the prorogation, Dion was criticized for sacrificing the party's federalist principles; for disallowing dissent once the coalition accord was presented to caucus; and for the amateur, out-of-focus video of his address to the nation which undermined public support for the coalition. Former deputy prime minister John Manley asked that Dion resign immediately, saying it was incomprehensible that the public would accept Dion as prime minister after rejecting him a few weeks earlier in the general election. Manley also said that a leader was needed "whose first job is to rebuild the Liberal party rather than leading a coalition with the NDP."
Several other insiders advocated moving up the date of the party leadership vote, rather than have Dion remain leader for either a potential election or coalition, while leadership contenders Michael Ignatieff and Bob Rae both agreed that Dion had to quit immediately. Dion initially scheduled his resignation for the party's leadership convention in May 2009, but on December 8, 2008, he announced that he would step down upon the selection of his successor.
Bob Rae, who helped to persuade the Liberal caucus of the power-sharing deal, took over as the coalition's spokesman and planned to travel throughout the country to promote the coalition. By contrast, Michael Ignatieff, the frontrunner to succeed Dion, was said to be uncomfortable with the idea of sharing power with the NDP and receiving committed support from the Bloc Québécois. Ignatieff said that there would be a "coalition if necessary, but not necessarily a coalition," noting that the coalition served a useful purpose by keeping the Conservatives in check, but warned that the Liberals should look over the budget before deciding. After the withdrawal of his two rivals, Ignatieff was left as the sole declared leadership candidate, so he was appointed interim leader, and his position was ratified at the May 2009 convention.
Resolution.
On December 12, Ignatieff met with Harper to discuss the budget, with their spokesmen describing it as a "cordial" meeting. Layton and Duceppe remained committed to ousting the Harper government, pledging that the NDP would vote against the Conservative budget regardless of what it contained. Layton urged Ignatieff's Liberals to topple the Conservatives before the shelf life of the coalition expired; constitutional experts said that four months after the last election, if the government fell, the Governor General would likely grant the Prime Minister's request to dissolve parliament instead of inviting the coalition.
On January 28, 2009, the Liberals agreed to support the budget as long as it included regular accountability reports, and the Conservatives accepted this amendment. This ended the possibility of the coalition, so Layton said "Today we have learned that you can't trust Mr. Ignatieff to oppose Mr. Harper. If you oppose Mr. Harper and you want a new government, I urge you to support the NDP."
Public response.
Polling.
An Angus Reid Strategies poll on this subject conducted on December 1 and 2, 2008, consisting of online interviews with 1,012 Canadian adults, and with a reported margin of error of 3.1%, showed that 40% of respondents agreed with the statement "The Conservative party does not deserve to continue in government," while 35% agreed with "The Conservative party deserves to continue in government," and 25% were "not sure." On the question "Should the opposition parties get together and topple the Conservative minority government headed by Stephen Harper?", 41% responded "No", 36% "Yes", and 23% "not sure". If the government was defeated in a no-confidence vote, 37% of respondents would support a coalition of opposition parties taking power, 32% favoured holding a new election, 7% favoured an accord rather than a coalition among opposition parties, and 24% were not sure.
A Léger Marketing poll of 2,226 people, conducted on behalf of Sun Media and released on December 4, showed a regional split on what should happen if the Harper government fell. Nationally, 43% of respondents preferred a new election be held, compared to 40% who favoured allowing the coalition to govern. In Western Canada, however, respondents were sharply opposed to the coalition, led by Albertans, who responded 71% in favour of new elections. Quebec showed the highest level of support for the coalition, with 58% preferring it to a new election. Ontario was split, with 43% preferring an election compared to 39% supporting the coalition. This poll also showed that 60% of Canadians were concerned that the Bloc Québécois would hold the balance of power in a coalition, compared to 35% that were not concerned, with the majority of respondents in every region, excluding Quebec, expressing concern. 34% of those polled argued that the Conservatives were best able to handle the economic crisis, compared to 18% for the coalition. 14% felt the Liberals individually were best prepared, 7% felt the NDP individually were the best choice, and 2% felt the Bloc Québécois were best.
An EKOS Research Associates poll of 2,536 people, conducted on behalf of CBC and released on December 4, showed that if an election were held the next day, the Conservatives would have received 44% of the vote, up from 37.6%; the Liberals 24%, down from 26%; the New Democrats 14.5%, down from 18.2%; the Bloc 9%, down from 10.5%; and the Green Party 8%, up from 4.5%. 37% of respondents (including the majority of Conservative voters) expressed support in proroguing parliament, while 28% (including a majority of Liberal and Bloc voters, and a near majority of NDP voters) supported the proposed coalition taking power within the next few weeks, with 19% supporting an election. Additionally, 47% of respondents thought that Harper's Conservative government would better manage the financial crunch, versus 34% in support of the Dion-led coalition. Furthermore, 48% of respondents (including the majority of Liberal, NDP, and Green voters, but only 41% of Conservative voters) expressed confidence in the Governor General's ability to make decisions regarding the impasse.
An Ipsos-Reid poll suggested that if an election had been held on December 5, the Conservatives would have received 46% of the vote, enough to have easily formed a majority government. The poll also showed Liberal support had dropped to 23% from the 26.2% they received in the election, and New Democrat support fell to 13% from 18.2%. Also telling was that 56% of those polled said they would rather go to another election, rather than let the coalition govern.
Rallies.
Public rallies, both in favour of and against the coalition, continued to be held a number of days after the prorogation, particularly on the afternoon of December 6. Besides the aforementioned that was attended by both Dion and Layton, other gatherings included one in Halifax, with Conservative MP Gerald Keddy attending; one in Calgary, at which Conservative MP Jason Kenney addressed the crowd; and at Queen's Park in Toronto, where Conservative MP Peter Kent spoke alongside John Tory, leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario. The rallies, all together, attracted over ten thousand, with the largest assembly being in Ottawa, with an estimated attendance of 4,000. Calgary had an estimated 2,500 and Toronto an estimated 1,500.
Online activity.
Web users across the political spectrum came out in force, leaving thousands of posts on news websites, blogs, and news articles; on December 1, "The Globe and Mail" website had over 4,500 comments posted on its articles related to the political dispute. This motion was in addition to the multiple specialized websites that were launched during the upset, and using the Internet to promote rallies and protests in the hopes of voicing their opinion.

</doc>
<doc id="20521048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521048" title="Micromelo">
Micromelo

Micromelo is a genus of sea snails, bubble snails, marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Aplustridae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Micromelo" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20521088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521088" title="Micromelo undatus">
Micromelo undatus

Micromelo undatus, common name the miniature melo, is an uncommon species of small sea snail or bubble snail, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplustridae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Caribbean, Florida, Costa Rica, Panama, Bermuda, Brazil, Cape Verde Islands, Canary Islands, Ascension Island, Eastern Atlantic, and South Africa to Japan and Hawaii.
Habitat.
This species lives in shallow water, up to 5 m in depth, on soft substrates and on the algal turf areas of rocky reefs.
Description.
The thinly calcified shell is covered with undulating brown lines, crossed with two other spiral lines. The shell length is 12 to 17 mm.
The large, colorful body is blue with white spots. The margin of the foot has a diffuse blue line.
Life habits.
This snail feeds on cirratulinid polychaete worms. The toxins from these worms become incorporated into the snail's tissues and are then used for the bubble snail's own defense.

</doc>
<doc id="20521089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521089" title="Ron Sobieszczyk">
Ron Sobieszczyk

Ron Sobieszcyzk (September 21, 1934–October 23, 2009) was an American professional basketball player.
Also known as Ron Sobie, Sobieszczyk played for coach Ray Meyer at DePaul University from 1953 to 1956. He scored 1,222 points in his college career and participated with the College All-Stars team that toured with the Harlem Globetrotters. After college, he played four seasons in the NBA with the New York Knicks and Minneapolis Lakers, scoring 1,691 points before suffering a knee injury. He then served brief stints with the Washington Generals exhibition team and the Chicago Majors of the ABL.
Sobieszczyk later owned Sobie's Bar and Grill in Cicero, Illinois.
Sobieszczyk died on October 23, 2009 of a degenerative brain disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20521090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521090" title="Micromelo guamensis">
Micromelo guamensis

Micromelo guamensis, common name the Guam paper bubble, is a species of sea snail, a bubble snail, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplustridae.
Description.
This species has a white shell with black to brownish wavy longitudinal bands. It may in fact be the same species as "Micromelo undatus", but it has traditionally been considered to be an Indo-West Pacific species. The shell is too small to hold the whole body, which has a green mantle with white spots and yellowish margins. The length is 10 to 12 mm.
Habitat.
This species is found in shallow water, crawling on algae-covered rocks.
Distribution.
This species occurs in South Africa, Japan, and the west coast of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20521091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521091" title="Hazenite">
Hazenite

Hazenite is a hydrous phosphate mineral with chemical formula of , therefore a hydrous alkali magnesium phosphate. It is a member of the struvite group.
It was first described for an occurrence adjacent to Mono Lake, California, and named after Robert M. Hazen of the Carnegie Institute. It was approved as a new mineral on February 28, 2008 by the Commission on New Minerals of the International Mineralogical Association.
It occurs as crystal clusters associated with decomposed algae remnants on calcite or aragonite. It is precipitated by microbes in the highly-alkaline environment of Mono Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20521094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521094" title="Gemstone irradiation">
Gemstone irradiation

The gemstone irradiation is a process in which a gemstone is artificially irradiated in order to enhance its optical properties. High levels of ionizing radiation can change the atomic structure of the gemstone's crystal lattice, which in turn alters the optical properties within it. As a result, the gemstone's color may be significantly altered or the visibility of its inclusions may be lessened. The process, widely practised in jewelry industry, is done in either a nuclear reactor for neutron bombardment, a particle accelerator for electron bombardment, or a gamma ray facility using the radioactive isotope cobalt-60. The irradiation enabled creation of certain gemstone colors that do not exist or are extremely rare in nature.
Radioactivity and regulations.
The term "irradiation" is a very broad one, which covers bombardment by subatomic particles as well as the use of the full range of electromagnetic radiation, including (in order of increasing frequency and decreasing wavelength) infrared radiation, visible light, ultraviolet radiation, X-rays and gamma rays.
Certain natural gemstone colors, such as blue-to-green colors in diamonds, are the results of the exposure to natural radiation in the earth, which is usually alpha or beta particle. The limited penetrating ability of these particles result in partial coloring of the diamond's surface. Only high-energy radiation such as gamma ray or neutron can produce fully saturated body colors, and the sources of these types of radiation are rare in nature, which necessitates the artificial treatment in jewelry industry.
Irradiation, particularly when done in a nuclear reactor, can make gemstones slightly radioactive, so they are typically set aside for a couple of months to allow any residual radioactivity to decay. The first documented artificially irradiated gemstone was created by English chemist Sir William Crookes in 1905, by burying a diamond in powdered radium bromide. After having been kept there for 16 months, the previously colorless diamond became green. This method produced a dangerously high degree of long-term residual radioactivity and is no longer in use. However, radium-treated green diamonds are still occasionally found in markets, which can be detected by a Geiger counter or by making autoradiographs on photographic films. 
The concerns for possible health risks related to the residual radioactivity of the gemstones led to government regulations in many countries. In the United States, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) has set strict limits on the allowable levels of residual radioactivity before an irradiated gemstone can be distributed in the country. All neutron- or electron beam-irradiated gemstones must be tested by an NRC-licensee prior to release for sales. In India, the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre started irradiating gemstones in the early 1970s. In Thailand, the Office of Atoms for Peace (OAP) conducts the process for private sectors, irradiating of gemstones from 1993 to 2003.
Materials and results.
The most commonly irradiated gemstone is topaz, which becomes blue after the process. Blue topaz is very rare in nature and almost always the result of artificial irradiation. According to the American Gem Trade Association, approximately 30 million carats () of topaz are irradiated every year globally, 40 percent of which were done in the United States as of 1988. As of 2011, no topaz is neutron irradiated in the US; major treatment areas are Germany and Poland. A lot of linear accelerated treatment is done in Bangkok.
Diamonds are usually irradiated to become yellow, blue-green or green, although other colors are possible. 
Quartz may be irradiated to produce amethyst and other colors. 
Colorless beryls, also called goshenite, become pure yellow when irradiated, which are called golden beryl or heliodor. 
Pearls are irradiated to produce gray blue or gray-to-black colors. Methods of using a cobalt-60 gamma ray facility to darken white Akoya pearls were patented in the early 1960s. But the gamma ray treatment does not alter the color of the pearl's nacre, therefore is not effective if the pearl has a thick or non-transparent nacre. Most black pearls available in markets prior to the late 1970s had been either irradiated or dyed.
Uniformity of coloration.
Gemstones that have been subjected to artificial irradiation generally show no visible evidence of the process, although some diamonds irradiated in an electron beam may show color concentrations around the culet or along the keel line. 
In topaz, some irradiation sources may produce mixtures of blue and yellow-to-brown colors, so heating is required as an additional procedure to remove the yellowish color.
Color stability.
In some cases, the new colors induced by artificial irradiation may fade rapidly when exposed to light or gentle heat, so some laboratories submit them to a "fade test" to determine color stability. 
Sometimes colorless or pink beryls become deep blue upon irradiation, which are called Maxixe-type beryl. However, the color easily fades when exposed to heat or light, so it has no practical jewelry application.

</doc>
<doc id="20521119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521119" title="Bat-Dor Dance Company">
Bat-Dor Dance Company

Bat-Dor was an Israeli dance company based in Tel Aviv, Israel, co-founded by Baroness Bethsabée de Rothschild (Batsheva) and dancer Jeannette Ordman.
Company.
Bat Dor made its debut in 1968 with Ordman as its leading dancer. The company existed until July 2006.
The company had a large repertoire of modern works. Among the international choreographers who worked with Bat Dor are Antony Tudor, van Dantzig, Lar Lubovitch, Alvin Ailey, Judith Jamison, Luciano Cannito and Israelis Domy Reiter-Soffer, Igal Perry and Ido Tadmor. Guest dancers included American Lawrence Leritz.

</doc>
<doc id="20521134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521134" title="Harden's">
Harden's

Harden's is a UK restaurant guide, publishing guides to both London and UK restaurants. Like Zagat Survey, they incorporate a reader survey, and are also based on the personal visits of brothers Richard and Peter Harden.
It is published annually, and in addition to evaluating individual restaurants, and "Best of", it provides analysis of the restaurant scene and developments over the past year.
History.
The guide was started in the early 1990s, based on experiences with restaurant guides in New York City and Düsseldorf.

</doc>
<doc id="20521145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521145" title="Origin Records">
Origin Records

Origin Records is a jazz record label based in Seattle, Washington, founded in 1997. Originally started by Seattle drummer John Bishop, the label was conceived to help with the design, production, and distribution of jazz records made by his own groups as well as artists he's worked with over several decades.
With the help of John's former student, Matt Jorgensen, the label debuted on the web in 1998 and has made steady growth over the past 11 years. 
Origin Records has expanded with OA2 Records (June 2002), and Origin Classical (April 2008). All of these record labels share the same goal of getting quality music out to the world through distribution and radio outlets. 
In addition to the 3 labels, Origin has also produced the Ballard Jazz Festival since 2003. This event brings world-class artists to Seattle, to perform alongside many Northwest greats. Events of the festival include the Brotherhood of the Drum concert series, the Ballard Jazz Walk, and new in 2008, the Jazz Pancake Brunch. 
The Ballard Jazz Festival was awarded "Northwest Concert of the Year" by Earshot Magazine in 2005.
In 2006 trumpeter Chad McCullough joined the Origin team as Artist Relations and Production Manager.
Artists.
At present, artists on the labels include:
Joe Locke, Darrell Grant, Bobby Broom, New Stories, Deep Blue Organ Trio, Jessica Williams, John Bishop, Hal Galper, Matt Jorgensen, Thomas Marriott, Rich Cole, Bill Anschell, Jeff Johnson, Anthony Branker, Greta Matassa, Chad McCullough, Ben Thomas, Liam Sillery, Jim McNeely, Kelly Sill, Kelly Brand, Geof Bradfield, Tim Green, Ben Paterson, Brad Goode, Don Lanphere, Sonando, Kyle Asche, Dan Cavanagh, Benny Powell, Clay Giberson, Seattle Trumpet Consort, Chris Walden, Courtney Fortune, Tom Tallitsch, Chuck Deardorf, Ira Sullivan and Stu Katz.
External links.
http://www.originarts.com
http://www.origin-records.com
http://www.oa2records.com
http://www.originclassical.com
http://www.ballardjazzfestival.com

</doc>
<doc id="20521147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521147" title="Lafayette Morgan">
Lafayette Morgan

Lafayette K. Morgan (February 10, 1931 – April 26, 2005), former economic advisor of the Republic of Liberia, was an accomplished accountant and financial expert.
Early life.
Lafayette Kiejarlie (pronounced Kaijai, meaning "Red man" in Vai because he was very light at birth) Morgan was born on February 10, 1931 in the city of Buchanan, Grand Bassa County. His father was Grand Bassa Senior Senator Edwin A. Morgan, former chairman of the True Whig Party of Lberia, and his mother, Tarlo Jallah, hailed from Grand Cape Mount County. He is the father of Tupin Morgan. Morgan attended the College of West Africa, a leading secondary school in Monrovia, where he graduated in the 1950s. He briefly attended the University of Liberia, and later entered Babson College in Massachusetts, USA, where he took the Bachelor of Science degree in Finance and was the first African graduate in the school's history. He later matriculated to the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor, where he received the MSc. degree in Accounting and Finance.
Public life.
Following his return to Liberia in 1960 from advanced studies in Accounting and Finance in the United States, he served as an accountant in the Treasury Department of Liberia (now Ministry of Finance). He quickly moved up in the Department, becoming Accountant General later that year. In 1962 he was promoted to Under Secretary of the Treasury for Fiscal Affairs, and in 1964 President William V.S. Tubman appointed him Economic Advisor. Morgan served in this capacity until 1973, when Tubman's successor, President William R. Tolbert, Jr., made him a member of the Cabinet, naming him Liberia's first Minister of State without portfolio.
Business ventures.
In 1975 he was appointed Manager of General Services of the Bong Mining Company, a position he held until the 1980 coup d'état that overthrew the Tolbert government. Shortly thereafter Morgan came to the United States, but returned in 1982 to resume the operation of an accounting practice, which he had founded in 1960 as Morgan, Harmon and Otto. In that same year, he reconstituted the company, in partnership with David Farhat, also an Accounting professional, and it became Morgan Farhat. In the 1970s Morgan also founded a travel agency and a computer services firm, which he ran until the war in 1990, when he returned to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20521150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521150" title="Fan-funded music">
Fan-funded music

Fan-funded music is a type of crowd funding that specifically pertains to music. Often, fan-funded music occurs in conjunction with direct-to-fan marketing. Fans of music have the option to donate and collectively raise money with the goal of jump-starting the career of a given musical artist. The fan-funding of music occurs primarily through web-based services using one of two business models (see comparison of crowd funding services). Fans are typically given rewards based on their monetary contributions.
Platforms.
List of Platforms (in alphabetical order).
For information on the KiA and AoN funding models, see funding models
Additional information.
AkaStarter.com<br>
Originally Akamusic.com, Akastarter has expanded to be a crowdfunding platform for art, comics, design, publishing, movie & video, games, journalism, music, photography, technology and theatre / performance. Users create a pledge, or a monetary goal they wish to reach in a given time period. In the case of music, fans can access an artist's profile, listen to their music and read about their pledge. They have the option to donate to help artists reach their goal. Donations are in €. Akastarter takes 10% of reached pledges.
ArtisteConnect.com<br>
Artiste Connect is a secure crowdfunding platform for underground artists to finance the production of their projects. Sample pledges may be a book, a film maker raising funds for a movie, a musician recording an album, an organization raising funds for a benefit cause, etc. When a user reaches 20% of their monetary goal, they will be asked to sign a written contract stating that Artiste Connect will be allowed to collect the funds raised on behalf of that user. This is subject to an administrative fee of 10% of the total amount of collected pledges. Artiste Connect will then move the project to a section of the site called "featured projects" to promote and increase visibility.
ArtistShare.com<br>
ArtistShare is documented as being the first fan-funded website for music. The company is a website and record label for musicians, which allows them to fund their projects utilizing a “fan-funding” model. In exchange for fans’ funding on a particular project, ArtistShare offers first-hand access to the recording process, limited edition recordings, VIP access to events & recording sessions, and even credit listing on the final product. ArtistShare emphasizes on their website that for each project, the artist is in no way required to relinquish ownership of copyright, as this model is not a work made for hire.
Bandtastic.me<br>
Bandtastic.me is a crowdfunding portal that focuses on the funding of live music and tours. They are based in Mexico but plan on expanding to Guadalajara. As of November 2012, no information is given on their website if they intend to expand to the U.S. Their website is in Spanish. Chris M. Johnson of Venture beat describes BandTastic's approach, "A concert is proposed and voted on in Facebook, Bandtastic calculates the expected all-in cost of the concert, and if enough fans buy a ticket, it’s on. If not, customers’ money is returned and the concert doesn’t happen. Venues thus know they will have a full house, bands get paid, and fans get their music." Bandtastic then takes the role of the producer of the concert and covers promotion as well as the selling of merchandise.
CASHmusic.org<br>
CASH Music is an open source tool that provides a portal of communication between users and creators to exchange creative perspectives and ideas. Songs featured on the site are released under the Creative Commons license to download or be remixed. The site offers subscriptions ranging from $10–30 per quarter to one-time payments of up to $5,000, each with corresponding benefits. This approach has been compared to similar initiatives by Radiohead and Jill Sobule.
CreaRock.es<br>
CREA ROCK is the first platform known specialized in rock bands and artists, mainly for rock music, but not only. Founded in October 2012 by Rock Estatal magazine, which recently celebrated its tenth anniversary with this innovative proposal. Crea Rock is designed for rock bands that want to finance the launch of a new album, a videoclip or a tour, but also for other music professionals as recording studios, rehearsal rooms, designers...
Detour.Songkick.com<br>
Songkick Detour is a unique service for fans to bring artists to their city. Artists registered with Songkick create a tour plan that includes dates but not locations, registered fans can then select a city and purchase a ticket. Once a city accumulates enough ticket sales to equal the pledge value set by the artist, the gig is successful and the fan is sent a ticket via e-mail. If a city does not reach the pledge goal, fans are not charged.
Feedthemuse.net<br>
Feedthemuse.net is a Crowd funding website not limited to artists and musicians. Users create a profile where they can write a fundraising pitch and invite friends, family and fans to visit their page where they can make a donation. For amounts over $100, checks are distributed over a monthly basis in which Feedthemuse will deduct a 10% commission fee. The site offers tools, tutorials and phone support to support users and help them in reaching their goals.
Gigfunder.com<br>
Gigfunder.comis a different breed of Crowd funding website with a central focus on raising money to fund concerts and tours.
Using GigFunder, fans can create campaigns to bring artists all over the United States and support artists’ tours. In exchange, if a tour is successfully funded, fans will receive a wide range of awards from their favorite artists, such as tickets to shows or signed merchandise. These awards are specified by the artist and vary for every tour. GigFunder charges artists 7% of successful campaigns and PayPal takes an additional 3% for each transaction. A PayPal account is required in order to donate. Donations can be canceled at any time prior to a completed campaign.
Indiegogo.com<br>
Indiegogo is a Crowd funding portal that allows users to create a page for their funding campaign, set up an account with PayPal, make a list of "perks" for different levels of donation, then create a social media-based publicity effort. Users publicize the projects themselves through Facebook, Twitter and similar platforms. The site takes a 4% fee for successful campaigns. For campaigns that fail to raise their target amount, users have the option of either refunding all money to their contributors at no charge or keeping all money raised minus a 9% fee. Unlike similar sites such as Kickstarter, Indiegogo disburses the funds immediately, when the contributions are collected through the user's PayPal accounts. Indiegogo also offers direct credit card payment acceptance through their own portal. Those funds are disbursed up to two weeks after the conclusion of a campaign.
Kickstarter.com<br>
Often hailed as the most successful and well-known Crowd funding platform. Kickstarter has been featured on CNN, The New York Times, TIME magazine, BBC and Wired Magazine. Kickstarter is a Crowd funding website that has successfully funded everything from films, games, and music to art, design, and technology. Project creators choose a deadline and a goal minimum of funds to raise. If the chosen goal is not gathered by the deadline, no funds are collected. The platform is open to backers from anywhere in the world and to creators from the US or the UK. Kickstarter takes a 5% fee and Amazon.com takes an additional 3%. For more information, see Kickstarter.
OurLabel.com<br>
OurLabel provides a platform for musicians to connect with fans, fund new releases and carry projects through to completion. Artists keep their copyright and sign agreements for specific projects. Fans get the opportunity to be part of the project and receive a cut of the proceeds. Using Ourlabel, users get the opportunity to join artists' street teams and complete tasks set up by the artists for rewards.
PledgeMusic.com<br>
PledgeMusic is an international Crowd funding platform geared specifically toward musicians. Users (Pledgers) receive exclusive content in exchange for their contributions to artists fundraising campaigns. PledgeMusic does not retain any ownership or rights to any music created through the platform. Funding transactions occur only after a goal is successfully met. The site is staffed my music industry moguls and maintains partnerships with major players in the digital and physical music spheres allowing for numerous options to help record, produce, manufacture, market, and distribute artist's music, merchandise, and tickets. The site charges a 15% flat fee. PledgeMusic operates on two types of artist campaigns, direct-to-fan and a Pre-order campaign. In a pre-order campaign, fans are charged immediately upon pledging. This type of campaign is designed for labels and artists who have already completed a recording, and are looking for a strategic way to pre-sell and market it.
Quermos.com.br<br>
Quermos is a crowd funding service for musicians that focuses on funding their concerts on an individual basis. As of September 10, 2012 their service is limited to the Brazilian market but they plan on expanding to the U.S. Funding is accumulated by the pre-sale of tickets, or the sale of "refundable" tickets. Using Quermos!, artists pledge a concert and pre-sell tickets—once enough tickets are sold, the date of the show is confirmed and the proceeds of general ticket sales are then given back users who purchased pre-sale tickets. Those users then get to see the show for free.
RocketHub.com<br>
Rocket Hub is an established crowd funding platform open to anyone including musicians. Project holders on Rocket Hub have the option to keep raised proceeds even if the fundraising pledge was not successful. Rocket Hub is a completely open platform, meaning that anyone can create a fan-funding campaign and there is no screening process before the project goes live. The site takes an 8% commission off successful projects.
Sellaband.com<br>
Sellaband is a crowd funding platform that allows registered Artists to use a direct-to-fan approach to finance albums or concerts. Artists will pledge an amount, the minimum funding target being € 3000, and the maximum funding target, € 250.000. Artists may also choose if they want to integrate a revenue sharing option into their funding. The minimum incentive is a download. Sellaband has been featured on CNN, "The New York Times", "Time", BBC News, "Forbes" and other media outlets. For more information see Sellaband <br>
Slicethepie.com<br>
Slicethepie is a unique service that pays fans to review music. After partnering with veteran crowd funding platform PledgeMusic, Artists registered with PledgeMusic now have free access to Slicethepie's SoundOut. SoundOut is a service that analyzes music using crowdsourcing. Songs are sent randomly to 10, 80, or 200 reviews on Slicethepie.com who review the track. SoundOut then compiles a PDF detailing that tracks potential for success along with critical feedback and useful information.
SonicAngel.com<br>
Sonic Angel is a hybrid between a crowd funding platform and a record label. Fans who are members of the site along with artists, act as the label's A&R. Once an artist receives enough recognition from fans, Sonic Angel will sign that artist and supply them with the means to record an album which is then funded by the artists fans via direct-to-fan crowd funding. For more information and an extended explanation of Sonic Angel, see Sonic Angel.com's FAQ.
Cases of Note.
Amanda Palmer.
Unofficially dubbed the "queen" of Kickstarter, Amanda Palmer is an example of one of the most successful fan-funded music campaigns of all time. On April 30, 2012, Palmer ran a campaign on Kickstarter, with a goal of $100,000 to fund her newest studio album, "Theatre Is Evil". By the end of May 2012, Palmer had amassed almost $1.2 million, ultimately receiving donations from nearly 25,000 individuals. By comparison, the average successful project on Kickstarter at the time raised about $5,000.
Ellis Paul.
Boston-based singer/songwriter Ellis Paul is another important case study in the field of fan-funded music. His 2010 release, The Day After Everything Changed, was funded completely by fan donations. Instead of using a traditional crowd-funding platform, he adapted the online merchandise platform Nimbit to his own fan-funding scheme. Paul set up a tiered donation hierarchy, ranging from the $15 Street Busker level, up to the $10,000 Woody Guthrie level. Fans received different perks based on the tier at which they donated. The project proved to be highly successful, with total donations exceeding $100,000. Paul is putting his fan-funding to the test again; he is currently in the midst of fan-funding a new studio album set to release sometime in 2013.
Electric Eel Shock.
Tokyo-based garage metal band Electric Eel Shock is another group that has seen some success in the way of fan-funded music. In 2004 they offered a "SAMURAI 100" package, which gave fans the opportunity to secure "guest list for life" status. The package cost £100 and the band raised £10,000 by selling 100 such packages. In 2008, Electric Eel Shock became the 23rd act globally to raise $50,000 on SellaBand, and the fastest group to do so at that point.
Marillion.
The British rock band Marillion is considered one of the first artists to truly harness the power of the internet as a means of music distribution. They also pioneered the fan-funded music model, with the distribution of their 2001 release "Anoraknophobia". Amidst a dissolving relationship with their record label and management team, the band calculated that they would need 5,000 fans to order the album to finance the project. However, they needed the money up-front, before the record was released. So, they simply turned to their mailing list and asked fans to pre-order the album. Pre-sales well exceeded their 5,000-unit target (reaching about 12,000 pre-sales total). Marillion has since released several other albums based on a fan-funded model.
Criticism.
As a business practice, fan-funded music is not without its criticism. Fan-funded music has gained popularity in the past few years however, money raised through these platforms still is only estimated to make up 1% of the amount spent on albums and tours. Many bands start off with fan funding to finance their initial album but then get signed to a record label. Major labels are signing artists with successful fan funded campaigns using the campaigns as a filter before investing in them. Other, more well-known bands have used fan funding to distance themselves from their label contracts and manage their own music. There has yet to be a band that has used fan funding to fully finance their career.
Some claim that artists overestimate the cost of recording an album and dishonestly solicit more money than they need via fan-funding. With advancements in digital technology, recording equipment has become increasingly compact and more affordable. It is no longer a requirement for an artist to need a large recording studio that houses oversized equipment. This increase in accessibility that the everyday musician has today has made it possible for artists to record their own albums from their homes. Since there are no restrictions for what artists can ask for, it is not unheard of for artists to inflate the expected costs and then keep the extra money as profit.
Critics also point out that the fan-funded music model has turned bands into marketers and sales personnel. Artists must be able to develop personal marketing strategies in order to get the money to even begin working on their music. Artists must put lots of time and effort into creating a campaign that engages their fans and gets them to donate to their project. This can prove difficult for any artist to create a campaign that does not come off as " shrill and desperate-modern-day pan-handeling by entitled go-getters." (source)? While fan-funded platforms are accessible for any musician, they have become over-crowded with both artists and anyone with an idea. "For every legitimately exciting pitch there are dozens of musicians, filmmakers and designers pleading for funds to complete ill-conceived projects." With so many options fans become a victim of too many choices and choose not to donate to anyone.
Running fan-funded campaigns cost bands a large sum of money. They must pay for video production for the video that every campaign has, a producer and an engineer to mix and master their album, and fulfill all of the rewards promised to their fans as well as the shipping on them. Often the money made off these projects ends up going to paying the costs of running a successful fan funded campaign. For example, a large portion of the $1 million that Amanda Palmer raised went into funding her Kickstarter project itself. Artists such as Palmer have huge fan bases to appeal to for money, but for the average artist raising that kind of money isn't a reliable method.
Fan-funded music has become increasingly popular, but the platform is young and not fully developed. Fan-funded music has a long way to go before it can be used as a sole source of funding for an artist's career.

</doc>
<doc id="20521184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521184" title="List of awards and nominations received by Alias">
List of awards and nominations received by Alias

This is the list of awards and nominations received by the American television series "Alias".

</doc>
<doc id="20521216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521216" title="ISO/IEC 24727">
ISO/IEC 24727

ISO/IEC 24727 is the first international standard to address the need for creation of a layered framework to support interoperability of smart cards providing identification, authentication, and (digital) signature services.

</doc>
<doc id="20521229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521229" title="Frame saw">
Frame saw

"Frame saw sometimes refers to a woodworker's bow saw."
A frame saw or "sash saw" is a type of rip saw and sometimes called a whipsaw. It consists of a relatively narrow and flexible blade held under tension within a (generally wooden) rectangular frame (also called a sash or gate). The blade is held perpendicular to the plane of the frame, so that the wood being cut passes through the center of the frame. Frame saws were operated by hand or powered in a sawmill.
It is unknown how early Framed Pit Saws came into use however there is an Italian Fresco from circa 1300 depicting their use. 
A more modern development from the 18th Century is the Open Pit saw which resembled a large hand saw with no frame, A Till for a handle at the top and a Box for a lower handle. This form of Pit Saw is still in use in rural underdeveloped countries as a means of illegally harvesting protected trees.
The Frame Pit Saw was the mainstay of resawing before stiff, unframed two-man saws called a muley or mulay saw, circular saws, and band saws took over. In some early sawmills a frame saw was powered from a water wheel, wind mill or other rotary motion through a crankshaft and connecting rod. It is now largely obsolete, though woodworkers who eschew power tools still make them for personal use in many sizes and styles of assembly. 

</doc>
<doc id="20521230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521230" title="2 (Florent Pagny album)">
2 (Florent Pagny album)

2 is a 2001 album recorded by French singer Florent Pagny. It was his seventh studio album and was released on December 14, 2001. It achieved success in France and Belgium (Wallonia), where it hit #3, and in Switzerland where it peaked at #8. This album is composed of cover versions of popular songs in French or English-language, or of Pagny's previous songs, but as the title suggests it, these songs were overdubbed as duets with many notable artists such as David Hallyday, Calogero, Pascal Obispo and Patrick Bruel. It provided a sole single, "L'Air du temps", recorded with Cécilia Cara and which was #20 in France and #19 in Belgium (Wallonia).
Track listing.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20521232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521232" title="Christmas Memories">
Christmas Memories

Christmas Memories is the second Christmas album and 57th album by singer Barbra Streisand, released in 2001. The album reached Number 15 on the Billboard Top 200 album chart and has been certified as Platinum, her 28th platinum disk in America. Sales have now reached 1 million copies in the USA.
Awards.
Streisand received her 37th Grammy award nomination, her seventh in the category for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album.

</doc>
<doc id="20521244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521244" title="Against Simon">
Against Simon

Against Simon (also known as "Reply to Simon") is a speech by Lysias, one of the "Canon of Ten" Attic orators. The speech, the third in the modern Lysianic corpus, concerns a case of "wounding with premeditation" or with the intention to commit murder. This offense was heard not in front of an ordinary court but instead by the council of the Areopagus where not only the litigants of the case but the witnesses as well had to swear to a special oath called the diomosia. In these proceedings, there was also an emphasis on citing only material that was specifically related to the case. Although it is not entirely clear how the Athenians differentiated between premeditated wounding and simple assault, scholars have suggested that the possession of a weapon could be a determining factor.
People involved.
Theodotos.
The conflict in this case stems from a shared love interest between an unnamed defendant and the prosecutor, Simon. The love interest is a young Plataean man named Theodotos (pederastic relationships were not uncommon at the time, nor socially unacceptable: see Pederasty in ancient Greece), whose citizenship status is unclear. It is possible that he was a part of an underclass of free men, but it is also possible that he was a slave. This issue is important as regards a claim made by Simon who says that he has entered into a contract with the boy. As a slave, Theodotos would not have been able to enter into an agreement independently. It cannot be substantiated however that Simon's claim is true.
The unnamed speaker.
The speaker of the case, a middle aged man who has retained Lysias as his speechwriter, goes unnamed and nothing is known about him apart from what information he gives about himself during the case. He claims that he, as well as his ancestors, have diligently served Athens and have provided great benefits and many public services, suggesting that they are wealthy members of the political elite of society. This, however, is a commonplace and may be an exaggeration because the defendant portrays himself throughout the speech as being too respectable and too old to suffer the embarrassment of making these incidents a public matter, despite saying that wrongs have been committed by both parties and were ultimately more the fault of Simon. It can be argued that if the defendant felt that he was totally innocent, then he himself would have brought charges against Simon, especially if he was a powerful figure in Athens.
Simon, the prosecutor.
The prosecutor Simon, although his version of the story is not heard in the speech, seems to be a man of much lower standing in society. The defendant characterizes Simon as a man with a notorious reputation for violence and lawless behavior. The defendant answers to a previous claim made by Simon that he and Theodotos had an agreement between them. It was claimed by Simon that he retained the Plataean youth's sexual services for three hundred drachmas which the defendant outrageously ignored and proceeded to unlawfully remove the boy from him. This statement is disputed however because Simon's estate is revealed to be worth only two hundred and fifty drachmas, a value which is less than the worth of his contract with Theodotos. It would therefore have been impossible for Simon to have hired Theodotos as his lover for more money than he actually possessed.
Notes on the case.
Another notable factor in this case is the fact that four years have elapsed between the time of the incidents and the present. Although we cannot be certain, it seems that more has happened between these two men in that time and Simon is merely attempting to hurt the defendant for reasons other than what has been presented in the case. Using Lysias's speech, the defendant attempts to make it clear that Simon has overstated the seriousness of the injuries that he sustained from their previous quarrel and that he himself also suffered from numerous injuries. He also makes a brief attack on Simon's character by noting his disreputable experience in a military expedition to Coronea (which would place the case around 394 BCE). The defendant states that Simon's conduct was so terrible that of all the Athenians, he alone was formally dismissed by the generals for misconduct. The speech ends by claiming once again that Simon was the instigator in all the encounters.

</doc>
<doc id="20521254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521254" title="Friends of the Global Fight Against AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria">
Friends of the Global Fight Against AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria

Friends of the Global Fight Against AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria is an advocacy organization dedicated to sustaining and expanding United States support for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria. Founded in 2004 by Edward W. Scott, Adam Waldman and Jack Valenti, Friends of the Global Fight works to educate and mobilize U.S. decision makers to support the Global Fund and the fight to end the worldwide burden of AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria.
History.
Friends of the Global Fight was founded in 2004 to help address the problem that millions of people die each year of preventable and treatable diseases. Long-time President of the American Picture Association Jack Valenti, as well as businessmen and philanthropists Edward W. Scott and Adam Waldman, wanted to support the Global Fund in its work to prevent these people from dying prematurely by providing the resources needed to fight AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria. Friends of the Global Fight was created to advocate on behalf of the Global Fund in the U.S. Together, the organizations have helped promote a steady increase in U.S. funding for the Global Fund that has translated into success in fighting these diseases. The President’s Emergency Plan for AID Relief (PEPFAR), first passed in 2003, provides essential funding for the Global Fund’s work. On July 30, 2008, President George W. Bush signed the “Tom Lantos and Henry J. Hyde United States Global Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria Reauthorization Act of 2008” into law, committing $48 billion over four years to the fight against AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria. Of the total $48 billion, the Act authorized $2 billion to the Global Fund in the first year and “such sums as necessary” in the future.
The Global Fund.
The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria was created in 2002 to dramatically increase international funding to combat the three diseases. A unique approach to international aid, the Global Fund is a public and private sector partnership. It does not implement programming or training, but provides the much-needed funding to continue to fight these diseases. To date, the Global Fund has approved financing totaling some $15 billion in 139 countries. To ensure that the Global Fund’s success continues, Friends of the Global Fight works to foster a strong relationship between the Global Fund and Congress. Friends of the Global Fight advocates for continued U.S. financial support of the Fund, as well as strong partnerships between the Global Fund and U.S.-based AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria organizations.
Methods.
Friends of the Global Fight is constantly working to provide legislators and the media with the most current information about the Global Fund and the three diseases. The organization also works to build relationships with members of Congress to impart the importance of the Global Fund’s work. In their efforts, Friends of the Global Fight works very closely with the Global Fund Secretariat. Friends of the Global Fight also works with several other organizations that are striving to combat poverty and preventable diseases worldwide. These organizations are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="20521255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521255" title="Lowe Stand">
Lowe Stand

Lowe Stand is an 18th-century folly built for Thomas Watson-Wentworth, 1st Marquess of Rockingham, and likely originally intended as a hunting lodge. It is situated in the South Yorkshire town of Hoyland, southeast of Barnsley. Today the stand is a Grade II listed building but is in a fairly advanced state of decay.

</doc>
<doc id="20521284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521284" title="List of The Fugitive episodes">
List of The Fugitive episodes

This is a complete list of episodes for the ABC television drama series "The Fugitive".
The first episode aired on September 17, 1963 and the series finale aired with a two-part episode entitled "The Judgment" on August 22 and August 29, 1967. The series ran for four seasons with 30 episodes each, bringing it to a total of 120, 90 in black and white (seasons 1-3) and 30 in color (season 4).
Episode list.
Season One (1963-1964).
The first season contains a total of 30 episodes which were originally broadcast in the United States from September 17, 1963 to April 21, 1964.
Season Two (1964-1965).
The second season contains a total of 30 episodes which were originally broadcast in the United States from September 15, 1964 to April 20, 1965.
Season Three (1965-1966).
The third season contains a total of 30 episodes which were originally broadcast in the United States from September 14, 1965 to April 26, 1966.
Season Four (1966-1967).
The fourth season contains a total of 30 episodes which were originally broadcast in the United States from September 13, 1966 to August 29, 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="20521312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521312" title="Project Catwalk (Netherlands TV series)">
Project Catwalk (Netherlands TV series)

Project Catwalk is the Netherlands version of the reality show "Project Runway". It was shown in 2007 and was won by Django Steenbakker.

</doc>
<doc id="20521328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521328" title="Sulfacetamide/sulfur">
Sulfacetamide/sulfur

The drug combination sulfacetamide/sulfur is a topical acne medication manufactured by Medicis under the trade name Plexion and also available under other trade names such as Clenia, Prascion, and Avar. It combines sodium sulfacetamide, a sulfonamide antibiotic, and sulfur, a keratolytic agent. It is available in four formulations: as a cleansing cloth, cleanser, topical suspension, and as a facial mask. The sulfacetamide inhibits the growth of the bacterium "Propionibacterium acnes" that is associated with acne, while sulfur facilitates the removal of dead skin cells to prevent clogged pores.

</doc>
<doc id="20521338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521338" title="List of 2000 box office number-one films in the United Kingdom">
List of 2000 box office number-one films in the United Kingdom

This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekend box office in the United Kingdom during 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20521352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521352" title="The Green Movement (Israel)">
The Green Movement (Israel)

The Green Movement (, "HaTnu`a HaYeruqa") is a social-environmental political party in Israel. Formed in 2008, it contested the 2009 elections in an alliance with Meimad. It contested the 2013 elections in an alliance with Hatnuah. Party leader Alon Tal was given the 13th spot on the party list. However, Hatnuah only won 6 mandates.
History.
The party was established in late 2008 by Eran Ben-Yemini and Alon Tal. It ran a joint list with Meimad for the 2009 elections after Meimad ended its alliance with the Labor Party. Meimad leader Michael Melchior headed its list and Ben-Yemini and Tal in second and third place, whilst former Shinui MK Meli Polishook-Bloch was also on its list in eleventh place. However, it failed to win a seat in the Knesset after failing to pass the election threshold, receiving the largest number of votes of any party not to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="20521370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521370" title="To Hell in a Handcart">
To Hell in a Handcart

To Hell in a Handcart (2001) is a controversial dystopian novel by English journalist Richard Littlejohn.
After using self-defence against a man who had broken into his home, ex-police officer Mickey French finds himself arrested for murder and faced with national notoriety, as several left wing figures seek to destroy him through their use of politically correct jargon and liberal attitudes.
Reception.
The book was almost universally panned by critics, many of whom derided it as being conservatively biased, sexist, racist and homophobic. Journalist David Aaronovitch branded the work a "400-page recruiting pamphlet for the BNP". However, writers Frederick Forsyth and Andrew Roberts praised Littlejohn's debut, in particular its right wing sentiments. 
"To Hell in a Handcart" was also poorly received by much of the reading public and has since gone out of print.

</doc>
<doc id="20521385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521385" title="Cylichnidae">
Cylichnidae

Cylichnidae, common name the "chalice bubble snails" or "canoe bubble snails" is a family of sea snails or bubble snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Philinoidea.
Taxonomy.
2005 taxonomy.
This family has been classified within the clade Cephalaspidea, itself belonging to the informal group Opisthobranchia (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). The family Cylichnidae has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). Synonyms of Cylichnidae has included: Scaphandridae G. O. Sars, 1878; Tornatinidae P. Fischer, 1883; Acteocinidae Dall, 1913 and Triclidae Winckworth, 1932.
2009 taxonomy.
Malaquias et al. (2009) have reinstated Scaphandridae as a valid family.
Genera.
Genera within the family Cylichnidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="20521424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521424" title="Scaphander lignarius">
Scaphander lignarius

Scaphander lignarius, common name the woody canoe-bubble, is a species of sea snail, a bubble snail, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Scaphandridae, the canoe-bubbles.
Distribution.
This species is found in European waters and in the Mediterranean Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20521446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521446" title="Man in the Moon (Nektar album)">
Man in the Moon (Nektar album)

Man in the Moon is the eighth studio album by Nektar and was originally released in 1980 as a German only release. This album continues the commercial hard rock with elements of progressive rock explored on their previous effort "Magic is a Child". This album features the return of founding member Roye Albrighton. The album was expanded to include previously unreleased tracks and re-issued by Voiceprint in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20521475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521475" title="HM-14">
HM-14

Helicopter Mine Countermeasures Squadron 14 (HM-14) is a United States Navy helicopter squadron based at Naval Station Norfolk, Virginia. Nicknamed the "Vanguard" and flying the MH-53E Sea Dragon, it comprises both active duty and reserve personnel. It is the sister squadron to HM-15, the "Blackhawks", based at Naval Station Norfolk.
History.
HM-14 was established at Naval Air Station, Norfolk, on 12 May 1978 as the world's first fully self-contained Airborne Mine Countermeasures (AMCM) squadron. The squadron was outfitted with eight RH-53D aircraft from HM-12 and with Vietnam War legacy minewsweeping equipment from AMCM Unit Alpha, including five Mk-105 sleds. 
1980s.
In April 1981, the squadron deployed to Europe for 5½ months as the AMCM element of the first integrated MCM Task Group, along with surface and underwater MCM units. They participated in multi-national exercises and demonstrations in several countries to show the capabilities of an AMCM squadron.
In June 1984, HM-14 took delivery of the AN/AQS-14 Mine Hunting Sonar and established the Fleet’s first operational airborne mine hunting capability. This new asset was put to use in the Red Sea during Operation Intense Look while the squadron conducted split-site operations, with the main body of the squadron deploying on USS Shreveport (LPD-12) and Detachment One operating out of Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
The squadron received its first MH-53 Sea Dragon E-model helicopter on 9 April 1989. A variant of the CH-53E, this model was the first aircraft designed specifically for AMCM. The MH-53E includes Precision Navigation System for minefield navigation, a dedicated hydraulic system for MCM operations, and a greater fuel capacity for extended on-station time while conducting sweeps.
1990s.
In October 1990, HM-14 Detachment One forward deployed in support of Operation Desert Shield, becoming the first U.S. Navy squadron to do so. With six aircraft, 300 personnel, and all associated support equipment, this was the largest detachment in community history. The squadron set up a forward operating presence in Abu Dhabi, UAE, at the Sheikh Zayed MCM Base Abu Dhabi (SZMBAD) from which they provided AMCM coverage of the entire Gulf in coordination with the surface MCM Fleet under COMUSMCMGRU.
In January 1992, six containers of arsenic were swept overboard from a freighter during a severe storm off the coast of New Jersey. HM-14 self-lifted to New Jersey to support the U.S. Coast Guard in searching for the containers during Operation Toxic Look. HM-14 swept over 305 linear miles using the AQS-14 sonar system before finding all six containers and preventing an ecological disaster. The detachment was awarded the Coast Guard Meritorious Unit Award for this action.
In 1995, HM-14 integrated with USNR sister squadron HM-18. Following fellow squadrons HM-15 and HM-19 as the first squadrons to integrate active and reserve elements into a single squadron, over 200 personnel from HM-18 boosted the manning of HM-14 to almost 700, making it one of the largest operational squadrons in the U.S. Navy. Regular Navy, Temporary Active Reserve (now FTS), and Selected Reserve pilots, aircrew, maintenance and administrative personnel deploy and work side by side with no distinction made between them.
In 1999, HM-14 established the first permanent AMCM detachment in Manama, Bahrain. They maintained this detachment until 2003, when it was turned over to sister squadron HM-15. During this time, HM-14 Det One participated in numerous exercises, logistics and AMCM support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, and routine AMCM training.
2000s.
In 2001, HM-14 took over the flight training of Fleet Replacement Pilots and Aircrew from HMT-302. While the Airborne Mine Countermeasures Weapon Systems Training School (AWSTS) in Norfolk conducts all ground training of student pilots and aircrew, HM-14 maintains the aircraft that are used for their training.
From 2005 to 2007, HM-14 participated in numerous operations worldwide, including Operation New Horizon in Haiti, Joint Task Force Katrina in Louisiana, Joint Task Force Lebanon, and two presidential visits to Mexico and Uruguay. They used the unparalleled capabilities of the MH-53E helicopters to provide heavy lift logistical support for cargo and personnel movement. In 2007 and 2008, HM-14 participated in the humanitarian missions Pacific Partnership and Continuing Promise aboard and respectively. These extended operations went to multiple countries in the Eastern Pacific and Western Pacific areas, providing medical services and Seabee support to impoverished areas. 
In September 2007, HM-14 established the community's second permanent detachment, this time in Iwakuni, Japan. This detachment provided Seventh Fleet with a forward-deployed AMCM and heavy-lift asset to parallel HM-15 Det Two in Manama, Bahrain. The location in Iwakuni also allowed for sharing of assets and training with the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force squadron HM-111, the only dedicated AMCM squadron outside of the United States and the only other squadron in the world that flies the MH-53E. 
In October 2008, HM-14 DET 1 Iwakuni, Japan relocated to Pohang, Korea continuing to provide Seventh Fleet with AMCM and heavy-lift support and performs operations in multiple countries in the Eastern Pacific.
Operations and Organization.
HM-14's mission is to stand ready to deploy anywhere in the world within 72 hours via US Air Force C-5 Galaxy to provide airborne mine countermeasures and vertical onboard delivery support. Additionally, humanitarian and disaster relief tasking has been increasing in recent years. Recognizing the capabilities of the MH-53E, the squadron can also provide platforms for United States Navy EOD and Force Recon paratroopers.
The squadron has 17 MH-53E Sea Dragon aircraft and 700 total members including pilots, aircrew, maintainers, and administrative personnel, organized into. The squadron has all of the typical departments of an aviation squadron, as well as a dedicated AMCM department, responsible for maintaining the minehunting and minesweeping gear and the RHIBs used for tending them.
External links.
Official Web Site

</doc>
<doc id="20521483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521483" title="Eyesofsound">
Eyesofsound

Eyesofsound is an independent London based label founded in 2006 by Ryan Berry. With a focus on the innovative, the label has put out records from bands including Behold…The Arctopus, Bossk, Devil Sold His Soul, Yakuza, Manatees, Humanfly, Palehorse and more. Picking up some notable accolades along the way including Number 4 record of the year in Rock-A-Rolla Magazine with its first release and an independent albums chart position on the first full length release, the label has rapidly gained momentum and interest across the UK and beyond.
Originally specialising primarily in progressive, experimental and extreme music, Eyesofsound recently threw this ethos out of the window and welcomed retro rockers The Freezing Fog to their new home. The band's eponymous second full length is set to be released in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20521489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521489" title="Coast to Kosciuszko">
Coast to Kosciuszko

Coast to Kosciuszko (C2K) is a ultramarathon race run each December in New South Wales, Australia. The race commences at Twofold Bay (at sea level) and concludes at Mount Kosciuszko (Australia's highest point at above sea level).

</doc>
<doc id="20521504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521504" title="Streptomyces griseus">
Streptomyces griseus

Streptomyces griseus is a species of bacteria in the genus "Streptomyces" commonly found in soil. A few strains have been also reported from deep-sea sediments. It is a Gram positive bacterium with high GC content. Along with most other streptomycetes, "S. griseus" strains are well known producers of antibiotics and other such commercially significant secondary metabolites. These strains are known to be producers of 32 different structural types of bioactive compounds. The first antibiotic ever reported from a bacterium comes from strains of "S. griseus". Recently, the whole genome sequence of one of its strains had been completed.
The taxonomic history of "S. griseus" and its phylogenetically related strains have been turbulent. "S. griseus" was first described by Waksman and Henrici in 1948. The interest towards these strains was sought because of their ability to produce streptomycin, a compound which demonstrated significant bactericidal activity against organisms such as "Yersinia pestis" (the causative agent of plague) and "Mycobacterium tuberculosis" (the causative agent of tuberculosis). For his work on these strains of bacteria and the antibiotic they produce, Waksman would later be awarded a Nobel Prize.
Taxonomy.
"Streptomyces" is the largest genus of the Actinobacteria and is the type genus of the family Streptomycetaceae. These are Gram positive bacteria with high GC content and are characterised by a complex secondary metabolism. They produce over two-thirds of the clinically useful antibiotics of natural origin . Streptomycetes are found predominantly in soil and in decaying vegetation, and most produce spores. Streptomycetes are noted for their distinct "earthy" odor which results from production of a volatile metabolite, geosmin.
Like other streptomycetes, "S. griseus" has a high GC content in its genome, with an average of 72.2%. The species was first described by Waksman and Henrici in 1948. The taxonomy of "S. griseus" and its evolutionarily related strains have been a considerable source of confusion for microbial systematists. 16S rRNA gene sequence data have been used to recognise the related strains, and are called "S. griseus" 16S rRNA gene clade. The strains of this clade have homogeneous phenotypic properties but show substantial genotypic heterogenecity based on genomic data. Several attempts are still made to solve this issue using techniques such as and multilocus sequence typing. A whole genome sequence was recently carried out on the IFO 13350 strain of "S. griseus".
Physiology and morphology.
"S. griseus" and its related strains have recently been shown to be alkaliphilic, i.e., they grow best at alkaline pH values. Although these organisms grow in a wide pH range (from 5 to 11), they show a growth optimum at pH 9. They produce grey spore masses and grey-yellow reverse pigments when they grow as colonies. The spores have smooth surfaces and are arranged as straight chains.
Ecology.
"Streptomyces griseus" strains have been isolated from various ecologies, including stell waste tips, rhizosphere, deep sea sediments and coastal beach and dune sand systems. Recent studies have indicated the strains of "S. griseus" might be undergoing ecology-specific evolution, giving rise to genetic variation with the specific ecology, termed ecovars.
Antibiotic production.
Interest in the genus "Streptomyces" for antibiotics came after the discovery of the antibiotic streptomycin in a "S. griseus" strain in 1943. 
The discovery of streptomycin, an antituberculosis antibiotic, earned Waksman the Nobel Prize in 1952.
The strains of this species are now known to be rich sources of antibiotics and to produce 32 different structural types of commercially significant secondary metabolites. Furthermore, the genomic studies have revealed a single strain of "S. griseus" IFO 13350 has the capacity to produce 34 different secondary metabolites.

</doc>
<doc id="20521511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521511" title="LeapFish">
LeapFish

LeapFish.com was a search aggregator that retrieved results from other portals and search engines, including Google, Bing and Yahoo!, and also search engines of blogs, videos etc. It was a registered trademark of Dotnext Inc, launched on 3 November 2008.
Mission and product concept.
The Dotnext Inc incarnation of Leapfish based in Pleasanton focused on selling advertising via a telemarketing team consisting of 80 salespersons that leveraged what it called a single experience for both searching and sharing traditional and real-time content.
History.
The LeapFish.com domain was originally home to a domain name appraisal service; this was purchased in 2008 and rebranded as a Meta Search Engine.
Leapfish (the company) launched in November 2008 and incorporated the top three search engines (Google, Yahoo!, Live Search) as well as other tools like YouTube, Amazon, and Yahoo! Answers.
Leapfish launched its last version in November 2009. The update included features such as traditional and real-time search, a customizable homepage, interactive widgets, and social media integration.
As of February 12, 2012, the leapfish.com domain has been for sale.
Advertising.
The main LeapFish advertising programs allowed business owners to display a permanent advertisement on the top of the search results page. The ad space was granted by purchasing a keyword of the advertiser's choice. The space was sold via aggressive telemarketing with the promise that the space could be sold on at a potentially increased price at a later date.
Domain appraisal.
Prior to its purchase by Dotnext Inc, LeapFish was home to a domain name appraisal service. In addition to its search tools, the new LeapFish provided domain appraisals complemented with a scoring system. In addition to appraisal values, LeapFish provided domain information such as Traffic Rankings and Unique Visitors from Compete.com.
Controversy.
The Dotnext Inc incarnation of leapfish.com had a mixed reception from users of sitepoint forums, from bloggers and other regular web users.
On February 3, 2009, the online blog TechCrunch posted evidence of LeapFish sales representatives intentionally abusing Google's pay-per-click model against potential customers. Ben Behrouzi, the CEO of LeapFish's parent company, DotNext, confirmed the sales representative's actions, but announced that the representative was no longer employed by the company.
The company has also been accused of astroturfing and spamming.
As opposed to other search engines, such as Google or Yahoo which appear to favour web-based sales, Leapfish keywords are largely sold via an aggressive telemarketing operation which has not been without friction with the online community. The telemarketing team consists of 80 sales persons.
The Better Business Bureau rated LeapFish "F" (its lowest possible rating) after receiving 20 separate complaints (some of which remain unresolved). The Better Business Bureau recorded eight separate complaints about sales practices.

</doc>
<doc id="20521543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521543" title="Invece no">
Invece no

"Invece no" (English: "On the other hand, no") is a pop song by Italian singer Laura Pausini for her album, "Primavera in anticipo", released on October 22, 2008. "En cambio no" is its Spanish language adaptation featured in the Mexican telenovela "En Nombre del Amor" (2008). The Spanish version was nominated for the 2009 Latin Grammy for Record of the Year. This song also has a Portuguese version named "Agora Não", but it was released only in Italy.
Lyrics.
The song was written by Pausini and Niccoló Agliari and was produced by Pausini and Paolo Carta, her guitarist. The death of Laura's grandmother was the inspiration for the song.
It talks about a longing for a person. The music talks about things that were not said and old memories. 
Music video.
The music video was filmed in Santa Monica and in West Hills, California in August 2008. Directed by Alessandro D'Alatri and starring former contestant on Oscar Lusth and fashion model Krystal Davidsohn, the video shows how difficult it is for a soldier to return to every day life.
It was released on the web on 22 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20521568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521568" title="James Anthony Wills">
James Anthony Wills

James Anthony Wills, born in 1912 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is an American painter. He worked only in oils and never had any formal art training. 
Early years.
Wills could draw before he could write. At age 8, Wills started with tempera, watercolor and pastels, and later chose oils. His choice of oils was based on the masters' use of oils and its stability over time. He never used canvas. Masonite was used instead as it does not deteriorate like canvas. Wills sold his first portrait of a neighborhood friend to the boy's mother when he was 14.
Painter of Presidents and other political figures.
He has painted cabinet members including George C. Marshall, Secretary of Defense, C. E. Wilson, Secretary of Defense, and Henry Kissinger, Secretary of State. However, his greater works are his long list of Presidential Portraits. He has painted Harry Truman, Dwight D. Eisenhower, and Richard Nixon. 
Along the stairway to the East Room hang the portraits of 20th century Presidents. Displayed here are Wills' Harry Truman and Richard Nixon
Other notable portraits.
Wills' works were often commissioned by large firms. He had a way of capturing the likeness and 'realness' of a person especially as seen in the hands. "Everyone has a best angle, though, and my job is to analyze what these angles are. if posed properly, a person can be made a handsome figure. A person is entitled to this." - Wills. 
Additional portraits include: successful individuals such as golfer Ben Hogan, Indianapolis 500 Speedway owner Anton Hulman Jr., Detroit Tigers Baseball Club owner Walter Briggs, Jr., Philip Wrigley of Wrigley Gum Company, Clark Hungerford, railroad executive and Bessie Mae Pederson (wife of Roy Pederson) of Houston, Texas
He did not work by "first-come, first-serve." Instead he grouped them geographically throughout the country. He also favored the significance of events such as a portrait unveiling. This could be the focus of an anniversary, banquet, etc, and would be pushed to the top of the list even if it was the last one commissioned. If asked, Wills would also take photographs of his subject if the client would not like to do a life sitting the entire time. He charged about $7,500 for a life sitting self-portrait. He often had a large role in what his clients would wear. He would look in their wardrobe and pick out something in fashion at the time and would be two decades later. This would usually only be with the woman who have high taste in Dior and high fashion clothes that would go out of style in 2 to 3 years. He would even go shopping with his clients to help them pick something appropriate. Once completed James Wills would personally accompany his work to its final destination.

</doc>
<doc id="20521572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521572" title="2008–09 Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team">
2008–09 Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team

The 2008-09 Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team represents Marquette University. The Head Coach is Buzz Williams, serving his first season as head coach, and second with Marquette. The team plays its home games at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Key contributors include seniors Dominic James, Jerel McNeal, and Wesley Matthews, and juniors Lazar Hayward, Maurice Acker and Jimmy Butler.
2008–2009 Statistics.
Updated as of February 19, 2009.
2008–09 Schedule and Results.
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=10| 2009 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament
!colspan=10| NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Championship

</doc>
<doc id="20521577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521577" title="Chelidonura pallida">
Chelidonura pallida

Chelidonura pallida is a species of sea slug, or "headshield slug", a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aglajidae. 

</doc>
<doc id="20521583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521583" title="Paul Rodgers (footballer)">
Paul Rodgers (footballer)

Paul Leo Henry Rodgers (born 6 October 1989 in Edmonton, Greater London), is an English professional footballer, who currently plays for Isthmian League Premier Division club Billericay Town. Rodgers plays as a defender, either at centre half or full back.
Career.
Rodgers joined Arsenal in 2005 and was given a professional contract at the start of the 2007–08 season. He originally started out as a full back but has since also played as a centre half and made his Arsenal first-team debut in a friendly against Barnet in the 2007 pre-season.
He made his competitive professional debut in Arsenal's League Cup quarter-final against Burnley on 2 December 2008, a match which Arsenal lost 2–0; Rodgers was substituted for Henri Lansbury after 46 minutes. On 22 January 2009, Arsenal announced he was to go on loan to Northampton Town for one month, which was later extended to the end of the season. Having been released by Arsenal in June 2009, Rodgers signed for Northampton Town after a trial. 
Rodgers joined Newport County in 2011. On 12 May 2012 he was an unused substitute for Newport in the FA Trophy Final at Wembley Stadium which Newport lost 2–0 to York City. Rodgers was released by Newport in May 2012 at the end of his contract. Rodgers joined Billericay Town in 2012. In February 2013 he signed for them on contract, after a string of impressive performances.
In June 2013 Rodgers joined St Neots Town who play in the Southern Football League Premier Division. Following the release from the club in September 2013, he re-signed for Billericay Town.
Personal life.
Rodgers is the cousin of Billericay Town teammate Joe Benjamin. They also played together in Northampton Town and St Neots Town.

</doc>
<doc id="20521592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521592" title="List of amphibians of Madagascar">
List of amphibians of Madagascar

The population of amphibians of Madagascar is made up exclusively of frogs, the order Anura.
There are 266 known species of amphibians on Madagascar, but it is believed that there are still many to be discovered.
Known species belong to four different families: Hyperoliidae (11 species), Mantellidae (187 species), Microhylidae (66 species) and Ranidae (2 species). Almost all species are endemic, with the exceptions of "Ptychadena mascareniensis" and "Hoplobatrachus tigerinus". 55 species are threatened with extinction, nine of which are considered by the IUCN as critically endangered. Their numbers are largely affected by major alterations of habitat due to deforestation and the expansion of paddy fields and villages, and to a lesser extent, by illegal international trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20521597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521597" title="SLIMbus">
SLIMbus

The Serial Low-power Inter-chip Media Bus (SLIMbus℠) is a standard interface between baseband or application processors and peripheral components in mobile terminals. It was developed within the MIPI® Alliance, founded by ARM, Nokia, STMicroelectronics and Texas Instruments. The interface supports many digital audio components simultaneously, and carries multiple digital audio data streams at differing sample rates and bit widths. 
SLIMbus is implemented as a synchronous 2-wire, configurable Time Division Multiplexed (TDM) frame structure. It has supporting bus arbitration mechanisms and message structures which permit re-configuring the bus operational characteristics to system application needs at runtime. Physically, the data line (DATA) and the clock line (CLK) interconnect multiple SLIMbus components in a multi-drop bus topology. SLIMbus devices may dynamically “drop off” the bus and “reconnect” to the bus as required by using appropriate protocols outlined in the SLIMbus specification.
When used in a mobile terminal or portable product, SLIMbus may replace legacy digital audio interfaces such as PCM, I2S, and SSI (Synchronous Serial Interface for digital audio), as well as some instances of many digital control buses such as I2C, SPI, microWire, UART, or GPIO pins on the digital audio components.
SLIMbus Devices and Device Classes.
SLIMbus Device Class definitions are those which specify the minimum requirements for Device control data, Device behavior, and data Transport Protocol support.
There are four SLIMbus Device Classes defined at the release of Version 1.01 of the SLIMbus specification: Manager, Framer, Interface, and Generic. Complete SLIMbus systems can be implemented without any additional Device Classes.
Manager Device.
The Manager Device is responsible for configuring SLIMbus, and performs bus administration (administration of Components and Devices, bus configuration, and dynamic channel allocation) and is typically located in a baseband or application processor rather than in a peripheral component.
Framer Device.
The Framer delivers a clock signal on the CLK line to all SLIMbus Components, and also contains logic to transmit the Frame Sync and Framing Information channels on the DATA line.
Interface Device.
The Interface Device provides bus management services, monitors the Physical Layer for errors, reports information about the status of a SLIMbus Component, and otherwise manages the Component such that the Devices within it will function properly on the bus.
To implement a functional SLIMbus component always requires the use of a SLIMbus Interface Device, plus the function to be performed, such as DAC, ADC, digital amplifier, and so on.
Generic Device (Function).
A Generic Device is a Device other than a Manager, Framer, or Interface. A Generic Device is generally considered to be the device to provide certain application functionality, for example, conversion from digital audio to analog (DAC) and vice versa (ADC).
SLIMbus Component.
A SLIMbus Component contains two or more SLIMbus Devices. A SLIMbus Component will have only one SLIMbus Interface Device (INTERFACE), and may have one or more other types of SLIMbus devices which perform a particular function (FUNCTION).
A SLIMbus Port (P) provides the connection path for data flow between Devices. SLIMbus Ports are normally used for digital audio data flow, but may also be used for other digital data flow.
Port capabilities vary depending upon the Device and are to be specified in the Component data sheet. Typical Port attributes include data direction, i.e. input-only (sink), output-only (source) or both input and output, supported Transport Protocols, and data width. 
A simple SLIMbus Component example is shown in Figure 1 below, and a complex SLIMbus Component example is shown in Figure 2 below.
Figure 1: Simple SLIMbus Component
Figure 2: Complex SLIMbus Component
SLIMbus DATA and CLK.
All SLIMbus Devices use DATA and CLK to synchronize with the bus configuration in use, to receive or transmit messages and data, and to implement bus arbitration, collision detection, and contention resolution between devices.
For all SLIMbus Components (except one containing a Framer Device), the CLK terminal is input only. If a SLIMbus Component is the Framer Device, or contains a Framer Device, the CLK signal is bi-directional. 
For all SLIMbus Components, the DATA line is bidirectional, and carries all information sent or received on the bus using Non-Return-to-Zero Inverted (NRZI) encoding. 
The DATA line is driven on the positive edge and read on the negative edge of the CLK line. The DATA line can be driven high, driven low, or held at the high or low level by an internal bus-holder circuit, depending upon the particular operational mode of a SLIMbus Device. 
The SLIMbus interface DATA and CLK lines use CMOS-like single-ended, ground referenced, rail-to-rail, voltage mode signals, and signaling voltages are specified with respect to the interface supply voltage (+1.8Vdd or +1.2Vdd are permitted). For EMI performance reasons, slew rate limits have been specified for SLIMbus.
SLIMbus Clock Frequencies and Gears.
The SLIMbus CLK line frequency is determined by a range of "Root" clock frequencies up to 28 MHz, and 10 Clock Gears for altering the clock frequency by powers of 2 over a span of 512x from lowest to highest Gear. The Root Frequency is defined as 2(10-G) times the frequency of the CLK line. For G=10, the CLK line frequency and Root Frequency are equal. 
The SLIMbus CLK may also be stopped and restarted.
SLIMbus CLK frequencies and data transport protocols will support all common digital audio converter over-sampling frequencies and associated sample rates.
Cells, Slots, Subframes, Frames, and Superframes.
The SLIMbus Frame Structure has five building blocks: Cells, Slots, Frames, Subframes, and Superframes.
Cell.
A Cell is defined as a region of the DATA signal that is bounded by two consecutive positive edges of the CLK line and holds a single bit of information.
Figure 3: Cell Structure
Slot.
A Slot is defined as four contiguous Cells (4-bits transmitted in MSB to LSB order). Bandwidth allocation for various data organizations, from 4-bits to 32-bits or more, can be done by grouping 4-bit Slots.
Frame.
A Frame is defined as 192 (0 through 191) contiguous Slots and are transmitted as S0, followed by S1, S2 … S191 in that order. The first Slot (Slot 0) of each Frame is a Control Space slot which contains the four (4) bit Frame Sync symbol. Slot S96 of each Frame is also a Control Space slot which contains four (4) bits of Framing Information.
The active Framer writes all Framing Information to the Data line at the appropriate time.
Subframe.
A Subframe is defined as the division of the Frame Structure at which Control Space and Data Space are interleaved. A Subframe is partitioned into 1 or more slots of Control Space, followed by 0 or more slots of Data Space.
As shown in Figure 4 below, the Subframe length is programmable to 6, 8, 24 or 32 contiguous Slots (24, 32, 96 or 128 Cells). The number of possible Subframes per Frame is therefore 32, 24, 8, or 6 respectively. The Subframe configuration used can be dynamically changed depending upon the data flow requirements of the applications being supported at the time.
Figure 4: Cell, Slot, Subframe, Frame Structure
4 of the Control space slots are reserved for a frame sync symbol, 4 bits if a Framing Information word, and 8 bits of Guide Byte. The remainder is available for more general control messages.
Any Slots not allocated to Control Space are considered Data Space.
Superframe.
A Superframe is defined as eight contiguous Frames (1536 Slots). Frames within a Superframe are labeled Frame 0 through Frame 7.
The duration of a Superframe is fixed in terms of Slots (and, therefore, Cells), but not in terms of time. The Superframe rate can be dynamically changed on SLIMbus to suit the particular application by changing either SLIMbus Root Frequency or Clock Gear, or both.
Channels.
Information on the SLIMbus DATA line is allocated to Control Space and Data Space channels. 
The Control Space carries bus configuration and synchronization information as well as inter-Device Message communication. The Control Space may be dynamically programmed to take as much of the SLIMbus bandwidth as required, even up to 100% at times.
Data Space, when present, carries application-specific information such as isochronous, and asynchronous data streams. 
SLIMbus Components convey control and data information between each other using Control and Data Channels with Transport Protocols to achieve the required system operation. Messages are used for Control functions. 
Channels can be established between a pair of Devices (inter-Device communication), or between one Device and many Devices (broadcast communication), or in the case of the Message Channel, from all devices to all other devices (shared).
Control Channels.
Control Space is divided into three types of channels: Framing, Guide, and Message.
The Framing Channel occupies Slots 0 and 96 of each Frame. (Since all Subframe lengths divide 96, these Slots are always available for the purpose.) Slot 0 holds a fixed Frame Sync symbol (10112), while Slot 96 holds 4 bits of a Framing Information word. Over the course of a Superframe, 32 bits of Framing Information are available. Some of these hold a fixed bit pattern used to acquire Superframe synchronization (0"x"011"xxx"2), while the others hold other critical configuration information.
The Guide Channel consists of the first 2 non-Framing control Slots in each Superframe. This "guide byte" is normally 0, but if a control message straddles a Superframe boundary, it indicates the number of bytes until the end of that message.
The Message Channel consists of all remaining Slots. It carries various types of information including bus configuration announcements, Device control and Device status.
The format of Control Space is determined by a 5-bit Subframe mode identifier transmitted in the Framing Information word. This communicates the Subframe length and the number of control Slots. The number of control Slots is limited to the choices of 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 12, 16, or 24. Adding the limitations that the number of control Slots must be less than the Subframe length produces 26 valid combinations. A special encoding for "100% Control Space", in which case the Subframe length is unimportant, produces 27 valid modes. (Modes 1–3, 20 and 30 are not valid.)
Data Channels.
Data Channels are one or more contiguous Data Slots (Segments) and are dynamically created by the active Manager depending on the application and size of Data Space available. A Data Channel, and therefore the structure of a Segment, is defined by parameters such as Data rate, type, field length, and required Transport Protocol. 
Segments repeat at known intervals and behave as virtual bus's with their own bandwidth guarantee and latency. 
A Segment, shown below in Figure 5, has TAG (2 Slots), AUX (2 Slots), and DATA fields. The TAG and AUX fields are optional. If used, the TAG bits carry flow control information for the data channel, while the auxiliary (AUX) bits carry side information relating to the content of the DATA field. The data payload may or may not fill the entire allotted DATA field.
Figure 5: Segment Organization
Data Channel Transport Protocols and Flow Control.
A Data Channel has exactly one data source at a time and may have one or more data sinks depending upon the Transport Protocol used in the channel.
Flow Control in the Channel, if needed, depends on the Devices and the type of Data involved. TAG bits are used to carry the flow control information.
SLIMbus Device Ports are associated with Data Channels using appropriate channel connection and dis-connection Messages. For data flow between Ports attached to Channels, SLIMbus supports a small group of frequently used Transport Protocols (including a User Defined Transport Protocol) which define data flow type, flow control mechanism, and a side-channel (if any) for any additional application-specific information. A summary of the Transport Protocols is shown in Table 1.
TABLE 1: SLIMbus Supported Transport Protocols
User 1 & 2 protocols are used to extend SLIMbus's data transmission mechanisms and it is assumed that a Device connected to a User Protocol Data Channel knows the definition of the TAG and AUX bits and how they are used.
SLIMbus System.
A SLIMbus system for illustrative purposes only is shown in Figure 7 below. All of the Components are different from each other. Note that the upper left SLIMbus Component in this example contains a Framer Device (F), and therefore the CLK signal for this component is bidirectional. 
The upper left SLIMbus Component also contains a Manager Device (M). However, there is no requirement that the Manager and the Framer Devices be in the same SLIMbus Component.
Figure 7: An Illustrative SLIMbus System
The Manager and/or Framer Device shown in the upper left SLIMbus Component can also be incorporated into baseband and/or applications processors typically used to build mobile terminals.
Figure 8 below shows a conceptual view of a possible real world SLIMbus system. The "M" and "F" represents the Manager and Framer Devices respectively. Alternatively, the multi-mic array could replace the single mic in the system. Any mixture of audio related blocks could be attached.
Figure 8: Conceptual SLIMbus System
External links.
A partial list of SLIMbus implementer information can be found at the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20521608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521608" title="Walrus Island (Hudson Bay, Nunavut)">
Walrus Island (Hudson Bay, Nunavut)

Walrus Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut. It is located within western Hudson Bay. The hamlet of Whale Cove is to the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="20521615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521615" title="Héroes del Silencio discography">
Héroes del Silencio discography

Héroes del Silencio is a Spanish rock band from Zaragoza (Aragon, Spain) formed by Juan Valdivia in 1984. In 1988 they released their official first studio album, "El Mar No Cesa", then in 1990 they released their second album "Senderos de Traición", "El Espíritu del Vino" was their third album released in 1993 and in 1995 they released their last studio album to date, the often praised "Avalancha".

</doc>
<doc id="20521626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521626" title="Hoder">
Hoder

Hoder may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="20521635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521635" title="Ranavirus">
Ranavirus

Ranavirus is one of five genera of viruses within the family Iridoviridae, one of the five families of nucleocytoplasmic large DNA viruses. "Ranavirus" is the only genus within "Iridoviridae" that includes viruses that are infectious to amphibians and reptiles, and one of only three genera within this family which infect teleost fishes, along with Lymphocystivirus and Megalocytivirus. The ranaviruses, like the megalocytiviruses, are an emerging group of closely related dsDNA viruses which cause systemic infections in a wide variety of wild and cultured fresh and saltwater fishes. As with megalocytiviruses, "Ranavirus" outbreaks are therefore of considerable economic importance in aquaculture, as epizootics can result in moderate fish loss or mass mortality events of cultured fishes. Unlike megalocytiviruses, however, "Ranavirus" infections in amphibians have been implicated as a contributing factor in the global decline of amphibian populations. The impact of ranaviruses on amphibian populations has been compared to the chytrid fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis", the causative agent of chytridomycosis.
Etymology.
"Rana" is derived from the Latin for "frog", reflecting the first isolation of a "Ranavirus" in 1960s from the Northern leopard frog ("Lithobates pipiens" - formerly "Rana pipiens").
Evolution.
The ranaviruses appear to have evolved from a fish virus which subsequently infected amphibians and reptiles.
Taxonomy.
The family "Iridoviridae" is divided into five genera which include "Chloriridovirus", "Iridovirus", "Lymphocystivirus", "Megalocytivirus", and "Ranavirus". The genus "Ranavirus " is composed of at least 6 recognized viral species, 3 of which are known to infect amphibians (Ambystoma tigrinum virus (ATV), Bohle iridovirus (BIV), and frog virus 3).
Several species are known to infect reptiles: 
Structure.
Ranaviruses are large icosahedral DNA viruses measuring approximately 150 nm in diameter with a large single linear dsDNA genome of roughly 105 kbp which codes for around 100 gene products. The main structural component of the protein capsid is the major capsid protein (MCP).
Replication.
Ranaviral replication is well-studied using the type species for the genus, frog virus 3 (FV3). Replication of FV3 occurs between 12 and 32 degrees Celsius. Ranaviruses enter the host cell by receptor-mediated endocytosis. Viral particles are uncoated and subsequently move into the cell nucleus, where viral DNA replication begins via a virally encoded DNA polymerase. Viral DNA then abandons the cell nucleus and begins the second stage of DNA replication in the cytoplasm, ultimately forming DNA concatemers. The viral DNA is then packaged via a headful mechanism into infectious virions. The "ranavirus" genome, like other iridoviral genomes is circularly permuted and exhibits terminally redundant DNA.
Transmission.
Transmission of ranaviruses is thought to occur by multiple routes, including contaminated soil, direct contact, waterborne exposure, and ingestion of infected tissues during predation, necrophagy or cannibalism. Ranaviruses are relatively stable in aquatic environments, persisting several weeks or longer outside a host organism.
Epizoology.
Amphibian mass mortality events due to "Ranavirus" have been reported in Asia, Europe, North America, and South America. Ranaviruses have been isolated from wild populations of amphibians in Australia, but have not been associated with mass mortality on this continent.
Pathogenesis.
Synthesis of viral proteins begins within hours of viral entry with necrosis or apoptosis occurring as early as a few hours post-infection.
Gross Pathology.
Gross lesions associated with "Ranavirus" infection include erythema, generalized swelling, hemorrhage, limb swelling, and swollen and friable livers.

</doc>
<doc id="20521664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521664" title="John McDowell Leavitt">
John McDowell Leavitt

Rev. Dr. John McDowell Leavitt, D.D., LL.D. (1824–1909) was an early Ohio lawyer, Episcopal clergyman, poet, novelist, editor and professor. Leavitt served as the second President of Lehigh University, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, and as President of St. John's College in Annapolis, Maryland.
John Leavitt was born on May 10, 1824, at Steubenville, Ohio, the son of Humphrey Howe Leavitt, a U.S. Congressman from Ohio and later U.S. District Court judge, and his wife Maria Antoinette McDowell, daughter of physician Dr. John McDowell of Chester County, Pennsylvania. John Leavitt graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Jefferson College (now Washington & Jefferson College), and subsequently studied law with his father and with Judge Noah Haynes Swayne. Leavitt established a law practice at Cincinnati, Ohio, but after four restless years he gave up his practice and entered the theological seminary at Gambier, Ohio.
After his graduation from seminary, Leavitt was ordained an Episcopal priest in 1848, and deacon in 1862. (Leavitt's great-grandfather was the Scottish Presbyterian minister Rev. Alexander McDowell.) Leavitt embarked on a career as an editor poet, professor, writer and university president. From 1868 to 1871 he served as the editor of "The American Quarterly Church Review and Ecclesiastical Register". Leavitt taught at Kenyon College and Ohio University, which conferred on him the degree of Doctor of Divinity, and where he served successively as professor of mathematics and later of languages. Leavitt served briefly as a rector, at St James Episcopal Church in Zanesville, Ohio during his tenure as a Kenyon College professor.
On September 1, 1875, he was named president of Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, which was founded in 1865 as a four-year technical college. During Leavitt's tenure Lehigh was divided into two schools, general literature and technology, and under his incumbency the college began offering a Ph.D.
But Leavitt's tenure wasn't tranquil. The brilliant minister, who had been appointed after delivering a graduation address some found electrifying, sometimes alienated the faculty. The University's trustees soon found "that with Leavitt they had a president who was brilliant, energetic and tactless," writes William Ross Yates in his "Lehigh University", a history of the institution. "Leavitt had been a child prodigy, graduating from Jefferson College with honors at the age of seventeen." But Leavitt lacked the "orthodoxy and restraint of his predecessor," and his five-year tenure was "unhappy." Leavitt was estranged from the faculty almost from the beginning, Yates writes: "A zeal for reform and a lack of tact in proposing it disturbed the professors, who by the time of his appointment were entrenched in their control of several departments." On top of the fractious relations with his faculty, Leavitt also found himself serving during a "severe economic depression." (The entering classes of 1877 and 1878 consisted of 35 students – half that of 1876.)
Within five years, after the enrollment at Lehigh dropped precipitously, Leavitt left for St. John's College, where he was named president of the Annapolis, Maryland, institution in 1880. During his tenure, St. John's established a department of mechanical engineering, where an engineering officer from the United States Navy took up residence as professor. But once again Leavitt's tenure was rocky, and marked by another difficult financial situation, prompted by the withdrawal of an appropriation by the Maryland legislature. 
Dr. Leavitt spent four years at St. John's, which awarded him the degree of Doctor of Laws (LL.D.) in 1889. The College subsequently commissioned a portrait of its former president, and it was hung in McDowell Hall.
Following his service at St. John's, Leavitt was named to the Professorship of Ecclesiastical History at Theological Seminary of the Reformed Episcopal Church in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where he subsequently became the Seminary's dean.
Leavitt's best-known book was "Kings of Capital and Knights of Labor," initially published by New York's John S. Willey Publishing Company in 1885. Leavitt also published 11 volumes of poetry, several novels and many works of non-fiction on subjects ranging from church history to philosophy. The Episcopal priest also founded and edited "The International Review", as well as serving as editor of "The Church Review and Ecclesiastical Register", the official journal of the Episcopal Church, for three years (1868–71). He also published "Americans in Rome", "Reasons for Faith in the Nineteenth Century", "Visions of Solyma and Other Poems", "Old World Tradigus from New World Life", "Hymns to Our King" and "Paul Errington and Our Scarlet Prince: A Book for the American People".
Rev. Leavitt's works occasionally engendered controversy, and were not always warmly received by the critics. Dr. Leavitt is "exclamatory in style, and expects to carry the defenses of the enemy with a rush," wrote John Bascom in "The Dial" in 1901, reviewing Leavitt's book "Reasons for Faith in Christianity". "His words are full of enthusiasm, and are fitted to give much satisfaction to those who entertain the same opinions as the speaker."
Having been a well-known Episcopal clergyman for more than 40 years, Leavitt created a stir in 1889 when he elected to leave the Protestant Episcopal Church for the Reformed Episcopalians. Saying that he could not be a consistent Protestant Episcopalian, largely because of what he considered to be a growing tendency in the Church toward Roman-style ritual, Leavitt spoke at churches across the county, where he explained his position. At a sermon at the First Reformed Episcopal Church, located on Madison Avenue and 51st Street in New York City, in October 1889, Leavitt spoke out.
"Dr. Leavitt is well-known not only as a clergyman of power and learning," wrote "The New York Times", "but as an author and publisher." In his sermon Leavitt spoke of being "compelled to abandon my ministry or abandon my church," according to The Times. Leavitt complained bitterly of an Episcopal church leaning towards Rome, with its version of "confession, Mary worship, Mass, prayers for the dead if not prayed to the dead, and other practices which I believe to be against Scripture and the law of the Church. As the Bishops will not enforce the law, they force me to withdraw." Leavitt complained of an unnamed Episcopal clergyman in New York who, Leavitt said, "I myself have heard him preach that which many Bishops on the bench would condemn and have reported him to the ecclesiastical authority, and still he holds his way undisturbed."
Leavitt's declaration followed the establishment of the Reformed Episcopal Church in 1873, when its initial declaration of principles rejected what it called a movement within the established church to follow sacraments which were "repressive of freedom in prayer."
John McDowell Leavitt was married to the former Bithia Brooks. They had four sons: John Brooks Leavitt, an attorney, graduate of Columbia University Law School, and crusader against municipal corruption; Edwin Ransom Leavitt, a New York City lawyer; mechanical engineer and inventor Frank McDowell Leavitt, who also lived in Brooklyn, New York; and Humphrey H. Leavitt II, attorney; and two daughters; Bithia (Leavitt) Mersereau; and Ann Goodrich Leavitt, who married Lieut. James C. Cresap of the United States Navy. John M. Leavitt died in Philadelphia in 1909. His wife Bithia Brooks Leavitt died in Paris, France, in 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="20521680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521680" title="Garryn Bek">
Garryn Bek

Garryn Bek of the planet Cairn is a fictional extraterrestrial character published by DC Comics. Created by Keith Giffen, Bill Mantlo, and Todd McFarlane, the character first appeared in "Invasion!" #1 (Jan. 1989), and went on to become a founding member of L.E.G.I.O.N..
Publication history.
As a member of the titular group, Garryn appeared in "L.E.G.I.O.N. '89" (February 1989) through "L.E.G.I.O.N. '94" (September 1994) by Keith Giffen, Alan Grant, and Kevin Maguire returning several issues later in the follow-up series "R.E.B.E.L.S. '94" (October 1994) through "R.E.B.E.L.S. '96" (March 1996) by Tom Peyer and Arnie Jorgensen. Bek makes two minor unnamed appearances in "Infinite Crisis" #1 (December 2005) and "" #1 (April 2006).
Fictional character biography.
"Invasion!".
For years, Garryn Bek served on the planet Cairn's police force. Imprisoned on the Citadelian-run Starlag prison asteroid during the Dominator-led Alien Alliance's invasion of Earth, Garryn shares a cell with Adam Strange, who mysteriously disappears, and next with Vril Dox II. When Dox masterminds an escape plan, Bek and other inmates, including future L.E.G.I.O.N. teammates participate in a riot and successfully escape the prison.
L.E.G.I.O.N..
Traveling aboard a commandeered ship, the first stop for Bek and other former inmates is Colu, Dox's homeworld. Through the manipulations of Dox, the group assists in his liberation of Colu from the control of the ruling computer tyrants. On the heels of this victory, Dox unilaterally decides to take the troupe to Beks' homeworld, Cairn, which is ruled by drug lords. It is here, after empowering the police force of Zalman City, installing himself as commissioner and overthrowing (and killing many of) the world's drug lords, that Dox's growing organization is dubbed Licensed Extra-Governmental Interstellar Operatives Network (L.E.G.I.O.N.), with the former inmates as officers and the Coluan forces as rank-and-file.
The first Cairn drug lord killed is Kanis-Biz, father of Bek's estranged wife, Marij'n Bek. Marij'n, enlisted to clone Dox after he is killed by Stealth, leverages her importance to the organization to exert control over Bek in hopes of re-establishing a romantic connection with him. Uninterested and seemingly disgusted by Marij'n's large size, Bek does all he can to avoid spending time with her. 
While orbiting the planet Rista, Bek encounters the Emerald Eye of Ekron, a sentient mystical object of near unlimited power. The Eye chooses Bek as its new “beholder”, and it quickly becomes unclear which of the two is in control. Under the influence, Bek slays two innocent L.E.G.I.O.N. employees. The Eye soon chooses Marij'n as a “co-beholder”, but shortly abandons them both in reverse succession. Marij'n, physically slimmed by the powers of the Eye rebuffs Bek's new-found affections and the two do not rekindle a romantic relationship. 
They do continue working as colleagues, often getting into more trouble such as when murderous infiltrators attacked the headquarters. This came after the group's clients were overrun with the rumour the entire place was closing down. Another infiltration attempt goes awry despite Bek's direction of the security forces. Bek spent some time neglecting his duties when he snuck off a to a jungle planet. He succeeds in his purpose, interrupting Captain Comet romancing his ex-wife Marij'n.
When Dox's son Lyrl usurps control over L.E.G.I.O.N., Bek joins Dox's newly formed opposition group R.E.B.E.L.S. After Lyrl is defeated, Bek and his comrades once again assume control of L.E.G.I.O.N. Separately, Bek is involved in an effort to stop his old comrade Lobo from killing the earthman Mike Carlin. Since that time, Bek continues to serve as a capable administrator for the organization, most recently appearing unnamed in the of events of "Infinite Crisis".
Powers and abilities.
On his own, Garryn Bek has no extra-human abilities and shows lackluster combat skills. He is an exemplary administrator and pilot.
Through his connection with the Emerald Eye of Ekron, Bek had access to near limitless power. Responding to (and also affecting) Bek's will, the Eye exhibited abilities to produce force fields, emit energy blasts, and manipulate the mind.
Alternate versions.
Bek organizes a resistance cell to Dox's ever increasing tyranny in the Armageddon 2001 crossover. He recruits a band of former L.E.G.I.O.N. members. It ends badly.

</doc>
<doc id="20521688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521688" title="Gas (album)">
Gas (album)

Gas is the debut album by Wolfgang Voigt's Gas project. It is the second release under the Gas name, preceded only by the "Modern" EP. It was released on 29 November, 1996 on the Mille Plateaux label. Like all Gas albums, the tracks are untitled. Along with "Modern", it is unusual in that the artwork does not share the unifying forest theme common to all other Gas releases.

</doc>
<doc id="20521694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521694" title="Claudia Wagner">
Claudia Wagner

Claudia Wagner (born December 23, 1979) is a German model. She was born in Wesel, Germany and began modeling at the age of 19 after being discovered by a photographer in a McDonald's near her hometown, Wetter.
After living in Paris and London she has adopted New York City as her home.
In addition to the covers of "Marie Claire" and "Elle" she was also the face for campaigns such as Armani, Chanel Cosmetics, L'Oréal and Lierac. She is noted for her perfect blue eyes and symmetric features. She is represented by Ford Models in New York, Elite Model Management in Milan, Karin Models in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20521704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521704" title="SAP NetWeaver Developer Studio">
SAP NetWeaver Developer Studio

The SAP NetWeaver Developer Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) for most of the Java part of SAP technology, mainly building business web applications, but also creating SAP Enterprise Portal projects and SAP Interactive Forms by Adobe. The official abbreviation "Developer Studio" is used seldom whereas "NWDS" is common, but unofficial.
The Developer Studio is based on Eclipse, contains several plug-ins and provides a range of toolsets for SAP technology such as for example
The Developer Studio is integrated into the SAP Java development infrastructure, which is a central system providing several platform services and synchronizes all local Developer Studios.
Among the platform services are the "software logistics" for reliable transport from development up to production systems and the "component build service" (CBS). CBS automatically builds changed development components (DCs) and only upon successful build, transport and deployment is possible - hence, inconsistency are detected immediately and nightly builds are not required.
Synchronization is supported for so-called "development configurations", ensuring identical configuration for a track (roughly a single software project) on all local machines, source code by the designtime repository (DTR) and several other aspects.

</doc>
<doc id="20521708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521708" title="Merci (Florent Pagny album)">
Merci (Florent Pagny album)

Merci is a 1990 album recorded by French singer Florent Pagny. It was his first studio album and was released on May 1, 1990. The album was a success in France, where it remained in the top 50 for 44 weeks, including two weeks at #10. It was entirely written by the singer himself and contains several songs deemed as controversial at the time, such as "Presse qui roule", which is critical of press. The album provided four singles which were moderately successful in France: "J'te jure" (#16), "Ça fait des nuits" (#17), "Presse qui roule" (#24) and "Prends ton temps" (#42).
Track listing.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20521751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521751" title="Legal estoppel">
Legal estoppel

Legal estoppel is a principle of law, particularly United States patent law, that an assignor or grantor is not permitted subsequently to deny the validity of title to the subject matter of the assignment or grant. Originally a principle of real property law, applicable to deeds of land and called estoppel by deed, the Supreme Court extended legal estoppel to patents in "Westinghouse Elec. & Mfg. Co. v. Formica Insulation Co".
In that case, Chief Justice Taft pointed out that no prior Supreme Court cases existed in which the Court had fully considered the matter, but many lower court decisions starting in 1880 had done so. His explanation for the principle was as follows:
here seems to be no reason why the principles of estoppel by deed should not apply to assignment of a patent right….The grantor purports to convey the right to exclude others, in the one instance, from a defined tract of land, and in the other, from a described and limited field of the useful arts. The difference between the two cases is only the practical one of fixing exactly what is the subject matter conveyed.
He then quoted a lower court opinion to clarify the limits of the doctrine:
It seems to be well settled that the assignor of a patent is estopped from saying his patent is void for want of novelty or utility, or because anticipated by prior inventions. But this estoppel, for manifest reasons, does not prevent him from denying infringement. To determine such an issue, it is admissible to show the state of the art involved, that the court may see what the thing was which was assigned, and thus determine the primary or secondary character of the patent assigned, and the extent to which the doctrine of equivalents may be invoked against an infringer. The court will not assume against an assignor, and in favor of his assignee, anything more than that the invention presented a sufficient degree of utility and novelty to justify the issuance of the patent assigned….

</doc>
<doc id="20521771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521771" title="Hirofumi Matsuda">
Hirofumi Matsuda


</doc>
<doc id="20521772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521772" title="Zauberberg (album)">
Zauberberg (album)

Zauberberg is the second album by Wolfgang Voigt's Gas project. It was released in December, 1997 on the Mille Plateaux label. The album is named in reference to the Thomas Mann novel The Magic Mountain ("Der Zauberberg"). Reviews generally cite Zauberberg as the darkest, most dissonant Gas release. Like all Gas albums, the tracks are untitled.

</doc>
<doc id="20521784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521784" title="Dick Rutkowski">
Dick Rutkowski

Richard "Dick" Rutkowski is a pioneer in the fields of hyperbaric medicine, diving medicine and diver training, especially in relation to the use of breathing gases. 
Rutkowski joined the US government service in 1950 and served during the Korean War. As a government civilian he served until 1970 when NOAA was established. He worked at NOAA from 1970 until 1985 as Deputy Diving Coordinator, Director of the NOAA Miami Hyperbaric Facility and Director of NOAA Diver Training. While at NOAA he founded the NOAA Diving/Hyperbaric Training and Diver Treatment Facility in 1973, and served as a director until 1985. He also served as co-director for the Physician's Diving and Hyperbaric Medical Training Program. During this time, hundreds of physicians have completed this program and are presently serving as directors and/or physicians for major hyperbaric facilities in the US and abroad.
Rutkowski is a NOAA aquanaut, having undergone saturation many times.
After retiring from NOAA, Rutkowski formed Hyperbaric International, Inc. He is also past president of the Undersea and Hyperbaric Medical Society, Gulf Coast Chapter.
He was also the founder of American Nitrox Divers International (ANDI), the International Association of Nitrox and Technical Divers (IANTD), and the Undersea Research Foundation (URF).
In the 1970s Rutkowski taught the first diving emergency and accident management courses, including stressing the importance of oxygen use at the dive site by non-professionals. In 1978, he wrote and published the first diving accident management manual, setting the Divers Alert Network standard.
According to a March 2004 edition of Rodale's "Scuba Diving" magazine, "In the process of overcoming the negative hype surrounding oxygen-enriched air, he also gave us one of his other significant contributions to diving—a now famous quote—"Science Always Wins Over Bullshit." 
His publications include "Instructor/Student Guide for the Use of Nitrogen-Oxygen Mixtures as a Divers' Breathing Gas", "The Complete Guide to Nitrox Diving", "Introduction to Nitrox Diving", "Instructor/Student Guide for the Use of Breathing Gases During Hyperbaric Exposures", and "Mixing/Blending for Nitrox and Trimix". He has also been a contributor and editor of the "NOAA Diving Manual" and training films. He currently teaches a course titled "Advanced Diving / Hyperbaric Medical Team Training Program with Chamber Operations", which takes place monthly in Key Largo, FL.
Mr Rutkowski, known to most as "Hyper-Dick", holds court most afternoons from a table at Sharkeys, the establishment that shares the building with Hyperbarics International and Ocean Divers in Key Largo.
Honors.
Honors and awards that Dick Rutkowski has received include:

</doc>
<doc id="20521801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521801" title="The Emergency Room">
The Emergency Room

The Emergency Room was an underground venue, recording studio and art space located in the Strathcona neighborhood of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Founded in January 2007, The Emergency Room (Strathcona) emerged from Vancouver's DIY music scene and has been used as a practice space, art studio, gallery, and performance venue for touring and local acts. Performances and recordings at the Emergency Room have been by such acts as AIDS Wolf, Monotonix, Sex Vid, The Usaisamonster, Zs, T.I.T.S, Sissy Spacek, Bakelite, Hot Loins, Shearing Pinx, Mutators, Petroleum By-Product, Twin Crystals, Nü Sensae, White Lung, Defektors, Modern Creatures, White Owl, No Gold, Ice Cream, Cheerleader Camp and Vapid.
History.
The Emergency Room was founded and named because of a lack of venues with interest in noise and experimental music. It was host to public performances at the underground parking lot of the Emily Carr Institute of Art and Design on Granville Island. This location became known as the Emergency Room (Granville Island). 
General interest in the concept grew, and the group of artists and musicians found a space for rent in Strathcona. They renovated the location, a former fish processing factory, into a warehouse venue. The location remained for a year and quickly established its name through its prolific recordings and high energy shows. This location was known as the Emergency Room (Strathcona) or, more commonly, The ER.
The warehouse caught the public eye in the summer of 2008 when local media began covering the phenomenon of its performances. The scene inspired the "weird punk" label associated with assorted local Vancouver bands. As popularity grew, the venue became packed at every performance. The police took notice when rowdy crowds began pouring out into the streets every week, and the venue was repeatedly fined for noise, alcohol and safety code violations. It also became a target for burglary due to its secluded location and recording equipment. They closed the warehouse space in late 2008.
Recording studio.
The Emergency Room also contains a Recording Studio run by in-house engineer, Jordan Koop. It has been used by countless bands for DIY/Independent release and for release on various record labels including, Kill Rock Stars, Summer Lovers Unlimited, Grotesque Modern, Nominal Records, Isolated Now Waves and Hockey Dad Records.
Compilation LP.
In 2008 two Vancouver Independent record labels, (Nominal Records and Grotesque Modern), released a full length compilation album of artists who have performed or recorded at the Emergency Room entitled "Emergency Room: Volume 1." The compilation was compared to the "Vancouver Complication" compilation in a review in Maximumrocknroll. The 924 limited edition vinyl pressings also included a forward by co-founder Justin Gradin and a 20 page photo book.
Photo Book Forward.
"This record is to document a year of one of the best alternative spaces currently operating in Canada. THE EMERGENCY ROOM is located in Vancouver's rat and drug infested Downtown Eastside. A literal underground, this basement warehouse is an indestructible fortress of creation, destruction and repair witha a philosophy of DANCE or DIE, piss your pants and puke on yourself!!!
From its origins as a free, D.I.Y. all-ages, noise/performance art gathering in the basement of Emily Carr Arts Institute parkade, to its current existence in a former fish processing factory, the E.R. has consistently put on some of the weirdest, most alcohol-soaked, most elaborate, entertaining and ridiculous art and music shows in Vancouver's recent underground history.
After a year of spray-painted walls, bizarre installations and art works, blood, fights, broken glass, punk rock, noise, art, make-outs and more, here is EMERGENCY ROOM VOL.1." 
"Justin Gradin"
Vinyl track listing.
·Side A
·Side B

</doc>
<doc id="20521835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521835" title="Dağlı">
Dağlı

Dağlı is a municipality and village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,243.

</doc>
<doc id="20521838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521838" title="Sobre el Fuego">
Sobre el Fuego

Sobre el Fuego is India's second solo album. The album received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Tropical Latin Performance and a Lo Nuestro Award nomination for Tropical/Salsa Album of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="20521862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521862" title="Königsforst">
Königsforst

Königsforst is the third album by Wolfgang Voigt's Gas project. It was released in 1999 on the Mille Plateaux label. The album is named after a forest near Voigt's hometown of Köln, in which his youthful experiments with LSD provided inspiration for the entire Gas project. Like all Gas albums, the tracks are untitled.

</doc>
<doc id="20521867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20521867" title="Aşağı Atuc">
Aşağı Atuc

Aşağı Atuc is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,650.

</doc>
