<doc id="20342468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342468" title="Timeline of the 1994 Atlantic hurricane season">
Timeline of the 1994 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1994 Atlantic hurricane season was a below-average Atlantic hurricane season that produced seven named tropical cyclones. The season officially began on June 1 and ended on November 30, dates which conventionally limit the period of each year when tropical cyclones tend to form in the Atlantic. The first named storm, Tropical Storm Alberto, formed on June 30. The last storm of the season, Hurricane Gordon, dissipated on November 21. This timeline documents tropical cyclone formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, as well as dissipation during the season. The timeline also includes information which was not operationally released, such as post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center.
This season produced seven named storms; three attained hurricane status, though none became a major hurricane, a storm that ranks as a Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. Tropical Storm Alberto produced significant rainfall and flooding in the Southeastern United States, damaging or destroying over 18,000 homes, and inflicting $750 million (1994 USD) in damages. In August, Tropical Storm Beryl produced heavy rainfall in areas of Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina, with moderate to heavy rainfall throughout several other states. Beryl caused numerous injuries, many of which occurred from a tornado associated with the tropical storm. Tropical Storm Debby killed nine people throughout its path in September. Hurricane Gordon in November caused damages from Costa Rica to North Carolina in its six landfalls; extreme flooding and mudslides from the storm caused about 1,122 fatalities in Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="20342477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342477" title="Paris (Marc Lavoine album)">
Paris (Marc Lavoine album)

Paris is a 1991 album recorded by French artist Marc Lavoine. It was his fourth studio album and his fifth album overall. It provided three singles which achieved moderate success on the French Singles Chart : "Paris" (#28), "L'Amour de 30 secondes" (#32) and "Ça m'est égal" (#41). The album earned a Gold certification awarded by the SNEP and was ranked on the chart for eight weeks, peaking at #35 in its third and fifth weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20342489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342489" title="Lene Egeli">
Lene Egeli

Lene Egeli (born March 27, 1987, in Stavanger, Norway) is a Norwegian beauty pageant contestant and model who won the title of Frøken Norge (Miss Norway) 2008, on the 21st April 2008. She went on to represent Norway in Miss World 2008 in Johannesburg, South Africa, on December 13, 2008. She did not advance to the semi-final but placed as one of the 32 semi-finalists in the Top Model fast track competition.
Egeli competed in "Norway's Next Top Model" in 2006, in which she placed as the 1st runner-up; Årets Ansikt ("Face of the Year") in 2004, in which she placed as the 2nd runner-up and the people's choice; and a modeling contest in China. She also made a television commercial for the American cosmetics company Revlon.
She has completed high school and has worked as an assistant teacher and model.

</doc>
<doc id="20342491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342491" title="Year XI system">
Year XI system

The Year XI system (French:"Système An XI", after of the 11th year of the French Republic, i.e. 1803) was a French artillery system developed during the rule of Napoleon. The Year XI system was original in that it brought various improvements to the highly successful Gribeauval system, on which many successes of the Napoleonic Wars relied. It especially consisted in streamlining the existing Gribeauval designs. The main proponent of the new system was General Marmont.
Definition.
In light of the Revolutionary Wars it appeared especially that the Gribeauval 4-pdr was too light, and that the 8-pdr was too heavy for medium field artillery. These two guns had not appeared adequate against enemy 6-pdr guns.
In order to define the new improved system, Napoleon formed a committee of Artillery on 29 December 1801, presided by general Augustin Gabriel d'Aboville, First Inspector of Artillery. The committee accomplished its research from 11 January 1802 to 21 July 1802. Napoleon himself participated to the proceedings:
The committee gave its results on 2 May 1803.
One of the main findings of the committee was as follows:
Obsolescence.
The Year XI system would be further improved with the Valée system in 1828.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20342493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342493" title="Jalmar Castrén">
Jalmar Castrén

Jalmar Castrén (14 December 1873 in Alatornio – 19 February 1946 in Helsinki) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Senate of Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20342498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342498" title="You Belong with Me">
You Belong with Me

"You Belong with Me" is a country pop song performed by American recording artist Taylor Swift. The song was co-written by Swift and Liz Rose and produced by Nathan Chapman with Swift's aid. It was released on April 18, 2009, by Big Machine Records as the third single from Swift's second studio album, "Fearless" (2008). Swift was inspired to write "You Belong with Me" after overhearing a male friend of hers arguing with his girlfriend through a phone call; she continued to develop a story line afterward. The song contains many pop music elements and its lyrics have Swift desiring an out-of-reach love interest.
Critical reception for "You Belong with Me" was middling to positive. The song won Favorite song at 2010 Kids' Choice Awards,and received nominations for the Grammy Awards for Song of the Year, Record of the Year, and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. "You Belong with Me" enjoyed commercial success as well; it became a top ten hit in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United States. In the United States, the song became Swift's second best-charting single on the "Billboard" Hot 100 to date and Swift's third best-selling single. It managed to gain the largest crossover radio audience since Faith Hill's "Breathe" did in 2000. The single was certified quadruple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
The song's accompanying music video was directed by Roman White. The video featured Swift portraying two characters, a nerd (the protagonist and narrator) and a popular girl (the antagonist and girlfriend), while American actor Lucas Till portrayed the male lead. The video's plot centers on the protagonist secretively loving the male lead, although he has a girlfriend. The video won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Female Video at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, but during Swift's acceptance speech, rapper Kanye West interrupted, protesting in support of Beyoncé Knowles. The incident caused a reaction in the media, with most people coming to Swift's defense. The song was performed live at numerous venues, including the 2009–10 Fearless Tour, where it was the opening number. It was covered by various artists, including Butch Walker and Selena Gomez & the Scene, and parodied by "Weird Al" Yankovic.
Background.
Swift became inspired to write "You Belong with Me" after she overheard a male friend of hers speaking to his girlfriend through a phone call. He acted defensive as his girlfriend yelled at him, and said to her, "No, baby...I had to get off the phone really quickly... I tried to call you right back... Of course I love you. More than anything! Baby, I’m so sorry." Out of the sympathy she felt towards him in the situation, Swift developed a concept for a song. In a writing session with co-writer Liz Rose, Swift explained the situation along with her idea and conceived the song's opening line, "You’re on the phone with your girlfriend / she’s upset / she's going off about something that you said." Together, they developed a story line, which described Swift being in love with the male friend and her having the desire for him to breakup with his current girlfriend for her. Swift described the song's concept as "basically about wanting someone who is with this girl who doesn't appreciate him at all. Basically like 'girl-next-door-itis.' You like this guy who you have for your whole life, and you know him better than she does but somehow the popular girl gets the guy every time." Swift recalled, "It was really fun for us to write the line, 'She wears short skirts, I wear T-shirts'." "You Belong with Me" was first released as a promotional single from "Fearless" on November 4, 2008 as part of Countdown to "Fearless", an exclusive campaign by the iTunes Store; the song was then released as the third single from "Fearless" on April 18, 2009.
Composition.
"You Belong with Me" is a country pop song with a length of three minutes and 52 seconds. According to Kate Kiefer of "Paste" magazine, it is "a straight-up pop song." The song is set in common time and has a moderate tempo of 130 beats per minute. It is written in the key of G♭ major and Swift's vocals spans a little below two octaves, from G♭3 to D♭5. Leah Greenblatt of "Entertainment Weekly" felt Swift's vocals were light and twangy while the melody was "lilting". It follows the chord progression G♭–D♭–A♭m-C♭. The instrumentation consisted of clucking banjos alongside New Wave electric guitars.
The lyrics to "You Belong with Me" alternate between narrative modes, where she speaks of herself, a male friend whom she has an unrequited crush on, and his girlfriend. Greenblatt described Swift's role as a storyteller, the song being a narrative set to music, which describes concerning about love and boys "just very hard to catch". 
Craig Rosen of "The Hollywood Reporter" believes "You Belong with Me"'s plot is "confessional" and regards scenarios themed with high school, while Swift "is the girl next door who's had her heart broken and takes refuge in music". Lucy Davies of the BBC noted, "Swift deals in the prosaic imagery of high school boys". In one verse, Swift contrasts herself with her friend's girlfriend and states, "She wears high heels, I wear sneakers / She's cheer captain, I'm on the bleachers", which Davies interpreted as the song's protagonist feeling envy towards cheerleaders, in particular, the one dating her male friend. In the choruses, Swift attempts "to persuade some boy to come to his senses and submit to her everygirl charms".
Critical reception.
"You Belong with Me" received positive to mixed reviews from critics. For instance, Sean Dooley of About.com labeled "You Belong with Me" as one of the "best songs on "Fearless"", while Johnny Davis of "The Observer" believed some parts of the song "may needle British ears", although he felt that it was better than single releases by pop singer Hilary Duff. Lucy Davies of the BBC was not impressed by the song's theme being similar to those of other songs on "Fearless" or on her eponymous debut album, "Taylor Swift". She opined that "You Belong with Me"'s "lyrical palette has few colours [...] and it's repetitive". Jonathan Keefe of Slant Magazine said, "'You Belong with Me' isn't her best-written song by a long shot, but it's hard to fault its construction." Jody Rosen of "Rolling Stone" commented, "It's hard not to be won over by the guilelessness". 
A Times Editor review from "The St. Petersburg Times" also described it as sounding similar to other hits: "She hankers for a boy who either doesn't love her back or wants to ditch this small town." Josh Love of "The Village Voice" thought "preternatural wisdom and inclusiveness" shined through the lyrics and theme of "You Belong with Me"; Love also mentioned that it was one of "Fearless"' "great songs". Leah Greenblatt of "Entertainment Weekly" said Swift's vocals fit the song's melody and instrumentation, which, according to her, is "slick" and "radio-friendly". Rob Sheffield of "Blender" magazine recommended for readers to download "You Belong with Me", and Jeniffer Webb, also from About.com, predicted that the song would reach different age groups. Webb said, "It continues the artist's tradition of having a little something for everyone, so it's no wonder she has such a large fanbase."
Awards and nominations.
At the 52nd Grammy Awards, "You Belong with Me" received nominations for three awards. The song received a nomination for the Grammy Award for Song of the Year but lost to Beyoncé Knowles' "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" (2008), for the Grammy Award for Record of the Year but lost to Kings of Leon's "Use Somebody" (2008), and for the Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance but lost to Knowles' "Halo" (2009). "You Belong with Me" won Favorite Song at the 2010 Kids Choice Awards and was nominated for Song of the Year at the 45th Academy of Country Music Awards, but lost to Lady Antebellum's "Need You Now" (2009).
Chart performance.
North America.
Upon its release as a promotional single, on the week ending November 22, 2008, "You Belong with Me" debuted at number twelve on the "Billboard" Hot 100 due to sales of 172,000 digital downloads, tying her with the Jonas Brothers for most top twenty debuts in 2008, a record which she later beat; the song fell from the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the following week. Following its single release, the song re-entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number eighty-seven on the week ending May 16, 2009. "You Belong with Me" moved to number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on the week ending August 15, 2009, thus making the song Swift's second highest-charting effort, surpassing her previous second best-charting effort "Love Story", which peaked at number four in January 2009. Driven by non-country radio airplay, the song established the largest crossover radio audience since Faith Hill's "Breathe" (2000). The following week, it peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100, being blocked at the top spot by The Black Eyed Peas's "I Gotta Feeling". The song is one of thirteen songs from "Fearless" charted within the top forty of the "Billboard" Hot 100, breaking the record for the most top forty entries from a single album. The single was certified quadruple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipments exceeding four million copies. As of April 2013, "You Belong with Me" has sold over 4,285,000 copies in the United States, and it was Swift's second best-selling single in the country.
"You Belong With Me" became Swift's first song to reach "Billboard" Radio Songs summit with 117 million all-format audience impressions. It also became the first country crossover single to rule Radio Songs since "Billboard" began incorporating Nielsen BDS-monitored data in 1990. It stayed at number one for two consecutive weeks. On "Billboard" Hot Country Songs, the single debuted at number thirty-two. On the week-ending June 13, 2009, it jumped from number thirteen to ten in the chart, scoring Swift's eight consecutive top ten hit. "You Belong With Me" became Swift's fourth number one song on "Billboard" Hot Country Songs after it reached the summit on the week-ending August 22, 2009. It stayed on the top for two weeks and fell at number six afterwards. The single charted in "Billboard" Hot Country Songs for a total of twenty weeks. On "Billboard" Pop Songs, it debuted at number forty. It jumped at number twenty six of the following week and on its fifth week, on the week-ending July 25, 2009, it entered the top ten at number ten. It reached its peak at number two of the week-ending September 5, 2009 and held from the top spot by Black Eyed Peas's I Gotta Feeling for five weeks. It also reach the top spot on Adult Contemporary for fourteen weeks while reaching number two in "Billboard" Adult Pop Songs.
In Canada, "You Belong with Me" entered at number eighty-four. It jumped at the top ten at number nine and peaked at number three for three non-consecutive weeks. It charted in Canada for forty-five weeks. It also reached number one on Canadian Country Radio after only eleven weeks at radio. It was also certified double platinum by Music Canada for sales of 160,000 digital downloads.
Europe and Oceania.
"You Belong with Me" debuted at number ninety-nine on the week ending July 18, 2009, in United Kingdom. It reached its peak in United Kingdom at number thirty on the week ending September 26, 2009. In Ireland, it peaked at number twelve and spent a total of six weeks on the chart. In mainland Europe, "You Belong with Me" peaked at number sixty-one on the Eurochart Hot 100 Singles Chart, number eleven in Belgium (Flanders), and number thirty-two in Denmark. "You Belong with Me" experienced similar commercial outcomes throughout the rest of Europe; it became a top forty hit in Belgium (Wallonia) and a top fifty hit in Sweden.
"You Belong with Me" was a success in Australia and New Zealand. On the week ending May 24, 2009, the song entered in Australia at number fifty. On the week ending July 5, 2009, the song reached its peak at number five, a position it maintained on for three non-consecutive weeks. "You Belong with Me" was placed at number eighty-eight on the decade-end Austrian Singles Chart. It was certified double platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association for shipments exceeding 140,000 copies. On the week ending May 25, 2009, "You Belong with Me" debuted at number twenty-eight in New Zealand and, after two weeks of ascended positions, it peaked at number five. The single was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand for shipments exceeding 15,000 copies.
Music video.
"You Belong with Me"'s accompanying music video was directed by Roman White. In the video, Swift portrays both the protagonist and antagonist, which she respectively described as "the nerd, who is pining away for this guy that she can't have" and "the popular girl." Swift described the popular girl's persona as "horrible and scary and intimidating and perfect". Her love interest is portrayed by American actor Lucas Till; Swift met Till while acting on the set of "" in April 2009. She later asked him to act in the video, as she was intrigued by his "cool look", embodying a "dreamy guy". In regards to his acting on the video, Swift said, "He's absolutely perfect for the part and really fun to be around, too." According to her, the video's plot is "charming"; she also said that, "the whole video, I'm just sitting there pining away, wishing I could be in her position." In regards to the video's conclusion, White explained that Swift "becomes who she really is", while Swift thought it was a happy ending. Swift commented, "One of my favorite things about this video is that there wasn't a standard performance scene. This video was pretty much all story line and I'm narrating it in the moment, basically narrating while all this is happening around me."
The video was shot in two days in Gallatin and Hendersonville, Tennessee. On the first day of filming, Swift used a body double in order for both Swift, as the protagonist and antagonist, to appear in one shot. In a scene where she appeared dancing, White replaced Swift's routine with a one having no rhythm; she recalled, "It was some of the most fun I'd had in a long time, just freaking out and doing the dumbest moves." On the second day, they first filmed a prom scene and, lastly, the football game, both being filmed at Pope John Paul II High School. The school supplied many students as extras, including football players, band members, cheerleaders and students for the final prom scene. When filming for a touchdown, Till was unable to catch the ball, furthering the length of the shoot. "You put a lot of good solid effort in it and it looks good", Swift stated about filming.
The video commences with Till arguing with his girlfriend through a phone call. As soon as Swift, as the protagonist, notices, they begin to communicate by holding up signs through their bedroom windows. Till closes his curtains, and Swift holds up a sign saying, "I love you". As the song's chorus approaches, Swift starts to sing and dance in front of a mirror, changing to different clothing multiple times. Afterward, Swift is sitting in a bench while reading a book. Till arrives and the two converse. Then, Swift, as the antagonist, arrives in a red convertible car and Till gets in it; Swift, as the antagonist, kisses him and gives a hostile look towards the protagonist. Suddenly, she is seen cheerleading at a football game while Swift's other persona is in the bleachers, performing in the school band. After scoring the winning touchdown, Till moves toward his girlfriend and finds her flirting with a teammate, resulting in a heated argument which results in their breakup; meanwhile, Swift, as the protagonist, stares in amazement. Back in their bedroom windows, they again communicate through signs, Till asked Swift, as the protagonist, if she was attending prom and she responded, "no, studying". Swift, however, notices Till has a dejected expression as he leaves and changes her mind. Shortly after, Swift is seen entering prom with a white dress, no longer looking like a nerd, while all her peers stare in amazement. When Till spots her, he walks towards her and Swift, as the antagonist in a red dress, attempts to impede him, but he ignores her. Ending the video, Till and Swift reveal folded signs saying "I love you" and kiss.
Video reception.
The video premiered on May 2, 2009, on CMT. Chris Ryan of MTV commented, "'You Belong With Me' was a teen rom-com wrapped up in a music video, wherein Taylor plays two roles. See Dooley of About.com believed Swift worked "doubly hard", playing two roles. A Times Editor review from "The St. Petersburg Times" compared the large glasses Swift wore to those of Clark Kent. Michael Deacon of "The Daily Telegraph" felt the video suited the song, "in that they’re equally sappy and dull". 
At the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, the video won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Female Video. During Swift's acceptance speech, rapper Kanye West interrupted Swift, grabbing the microphone and stating, "Yo Taylor, I'm really happy for you and I'ma let you finish, but Beyoncé had one of the best videos of all time", regarding her video for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". According to Jayson Rodriguez of MTV News, Knowles "looked on from the crowd, stunned". Later in the evening, during her acceptance speech for winning the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year, Knowles told about her first experience winning her first Video Music Award with Destiny's Child and how much it meant to her. She then called Swift from backstage to complete her acceptance speech. Numerous critics, celebrities, and fans criticized West's actions, including the President of the United States, Barack Obama, who called West a "jackass". At first, West made no effort in contacting Swift, but he later issued an apology, which Swift accepted. The video was nominated for Video of the Year at the 45th Academy of Country Music Awards. At the 2010 CMT Music Awards, the video received nominations for the CMT Music Award for "Video of the Year" and "Female Video of the Year", but lost to Carrie Underwood's "Cowboy Casanova" and Miranda Lambert's "White Liar", respectively. The video was nominated for the MuchMusic Video Award for Best International Artist Video and the , but lost to Miley Cyrus' video for "Party in the U.S.A." and Adam Lambert's video for "Whataya Want From Me" at the 2010 MuchMusic Video Awards, respectively.
Live performances.
Swift's first televised performance of "You Belong with Me" was at a free outdoor concert on May 29, 2009, broadcast by "The Today Show". Following promotion for the song, she performed it on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", Studio 330 Sessions, at the 2009 CMA Music Festival, at the 2009 CMT Music Awards, and at the 2009 V Festival, in the summer of 2009. Swift performed "You Belong with Me" at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards on September 13, 2009, the same day in which Kanye West interrupted her acceptance speech. She began the performance in a subway station, dressed in a brown trench coat and black beanie, and continued it in a subway, taking off the trench coat and revealing a red cocktail dress. Once the subway docked at a stop, Swift completed the performance atop a yellow taxi cab. Swift later performed the song on "The View" and "Saturday Night Live". In the fall of 2009 and winter of 2009 through 2010, Swift commenced promotion for "You Belong with Me" countries outside of the United States; she performed the song on the United Kingdom channel GMTV, the Australian charity concert Sydney Sound Relief, and the Japanese talk show "The Sukkiri Morning Show".
Swift performed a medley, which included "You Belong with Me" at the 52nd Grammy Awards. Wearing casual white blouse and black skinny jeans, Swift performed "Today Was a Fairytale" and then announced, "Its a fairly tale and an honor to share the stage with Stevie Nicks". Following, the two performed a cover of Fleetwood Mac's "Rhiannon" (1976). Swift then grabbed her acoustic guitar for the third and final part in her medley, jumping into a twangy version of "You Belong with Me". Nicks stood back, tapping her tambourine and nodding, every so often stepping up to the microphone to sing with Swift. Eric Ditzian of MTV News was disappointed at Swift's and Nicks' harmonies, but said the two "made for a compelling twosome". The performance followed much backlash in regards to Swift's off key singing, which caused Scott Borchetta, CEO of Big Machine Records, to issue a statement defending the performance. 
"You Belong with Me" is performed as the opening number on all 2009 and 2010 dates of Swift's first headlining tour, the Fearless Tour. Before Swift or the dancers entered the stage, a video played on the overhead screens; it showed various celebrities, including Miley Cyrus, Demi Lovato, Faith Hill, Lucas Till and Swift herself, sharing their definitions of the word "fearless". Following the video's completion, the band and backup dancers appeared, dressed in yellow cheerleading uniforms. Swift, dressed in a white marching band uniform, then emerges from the bottom of the stage and commences singing. Swift roams around the stage singing and backup dancers perform cheerleading routines while projections of cheerleaders are shown on the stage. Midway through the performance, the backup dancers removed Swift's marching band uniform to reveal a sparkly cocktail dress; she is then handed a rhinestoned acoustic guitar and finishes the performance. Craig Rosen of "The Hollywood Reporter" believed Swift's performance of "You Belong with Me", coupled with the performance of "Should've Said No", at the May 22, 2009, concert in Los Angeles at the Staples Center made the show a success. The song is also performed on the Speak Now World Tour and The Red Tour.
Cover versions and media usage.
Kidz Bop Kids recorded "You Belong with Me" for a digital single release in October 2009, which is included on the seventeenth installment of "Kidz Bop". In November 2009, American rock singer Butch Walker covered "You Belong with Me" for a digital single release. James Christopher Monger of Allmusic said the cover was infused "with the same karaoke glee that fueled previous installments". Bill Lamb of About.com described the composition as a "folksy almost honky-tonk sound" and "a bit more country than Taylor Swift's original". According to Mikael Wood of "Billboard", the cover's instrumentation is fueled by banjo; he claimed it was an "online success". Jonathan Keefe of Slant Magazine described the cover's arrangement as "fantastic" and, to him, it "emphasized the terrific melody and structure that are the song's real selling points". After hearing Walker's cover, Swift posted via her official Twitter account, "I'm losing my MIND listening to it! Blown away." "Band Hero" for consoles features "You Belong with Me" as one of sixty-five songs from "mainstream acts". American pop band Selena Gomez & the Scene covered "You Belong with Me" live on their Tour (2009–10) and A Year Without Rain Tour (2011). A parody entitled "TMZ" was included on "Weird Al" Yankovic's studio album "Alpocalypse" (2011). A music video for the parody, directed by Bill Plympton, was filmed in October 2010, and will be included on the album's DVD.
The music video was released on "Weird Al"'s Vevo on June 24, 2011. It was also covered by For All Those Sleeping in the compilation album "Punk Goes Pop 4".

</doc>
<doc id="20342503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342503" title="Huaxinghui">
Huaxinghui

The Huaxinghui (), translated as the China Revival Society or China Arise Society, was founded by Huang Xing and Zhang Shizhao on February 15, 1904, in Hunan for the explicit goal of overthrowing the Manchu dynasty. Many of its members later became key figures of the Tongmenghui. The Huaxinghui was dominated by students from Hunan who had returned from Japan. Nevertheless from the very beginning it had strong ties with secret societies, especially with the Ko-Lao Hui whose organizational structure the Huaxinghui paralleled, particularly in the field of the military chain of command. This connects to the primary goal of the Huaxinghui: to "kick out the Tartars" through assassinations of important Manchu officials.
After two failed plots, in November 1904 and early 1905, Huang Xing fled to Japan. There he met Sun Yat-sen in the summer of 1905 for the first time in Tokyo, in order to discuss the possibility of the merger of Sun's Xingzhonghui and the Huaxinghui. A compromise was reached, and Huang decided to support Sun fully. At this point the Huaxinghui had ceased to exist. On August 20, 1905, Sun Yat-sen was elected Tsung-li (premier) of the new party named Tongmenghui. Today historians generally agree that without the Huaxinghui's participation, the founding of the Tongmenghui would not have been possible.

</doc>
<doc id="20342510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342510" title="Wilderness Boy">
Wilderness Boy

Wilderness Boy is an historical, young-adult novel by the American writer Margery Evernden. 
It is set in 1794 in Washington County, Pennsylvania, just south of Pittsburgh, it tells the story of sixteen-year-old Jonathon Garrett, who while on an errand for his frontier doctor uncle, is accosted by local farmers and enlisted to join them in raising a Liberty Pole. The events of the Whiskey Rebellion soon unfold.
See also.
Other novels that employ events of the Whiskey Rebellion:

</doc>
<doc id="20342517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342517" title="Jon Garth Murray">
Jon Garth Murray

Jon Garth Murray (November 16, 1954 – September 29, 1995) was the son of Madalyn Murray O'Hair, the first president and founder of American Atheists. 
From 1986 until his murder in 1995, Garth Murray held the office of President of American Atheists. Although in practice, it was a title without power as his mother retained most of the presidential powers behind-the-scenes.
Jon Garth Murray was living with his mother Madalyn and niece Robin Murray O'Hair, when all three of them were kidnapped and murdered by David Waters.

</doc>
<doc id="20342537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342537" title="Erik Berg">
Erik Berg

Erik Berg (October 6, 1876 – January 1, 1945) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Senate of Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20342542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342542" title="1987 Island Games">
1987 Island Games

The 1987 Island Games were the second Island Games, and were held in Guernsey, from September 10 to September 17, 1987.
Medal table.
Key:
Sports.
The sports chosen for the games were:

</doc>
<doc id="20342549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342549" title="Gabriela Rejala">
Gabriela Rejala

Gabriela Rejala is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Paraguay in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She also represented Paraguay in Reina Hispanoamericana 2008 in Santa Cruz, Bolivia, on October 30, 2008, and placed as second runner-up. She was Top 16 semifinalist on Miss Earth 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20342587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342587" title="Sayed Mohamed Adnan">
Sayed Mohamed Adnan

Sayed Mohamed Adnan (; born 5 February 1983) is a Bahrani footballer who currently plays for Al-Arabi in the Qatar Stars League.
Club career.
Brisbane Roar.
On 17 July 2011, it was reported in the Australian media that Adnan was on trial with 2010-11 A-League Champions Brisbane Roar. On 16 August 2011, he signed a one-year contract with the club. Adnan scored his first goal for Brisbane from a free-kick against Sydney FC. On 9 July 2012, it was announced that Adnan would not be extending his contract with Brisbane and that he would return home to his family in Bahrain.
Al Arabi Kuwait.
On 28 July 2012, it was reported on the Al Arabi Sporting Club website that Adnan signed a one-year deal worth US$500,000 to play for the Kuwaiti Premier League side.
Al Arabi Qatar.
On 28 May 2013, he signed a deal with the Qatar Stars League side Al-Arabi.
2011 detention.
On 5 April 2011, along with members of the Bahrain national football team A'ala and Mohamed Hubail, Sayed Mohamed Adnan was arrested by the Bahraini authorities, who claimed that the footballers had taken part in "illegal, violent protests". Local human rights activists maintained that the three footballers, together with more than 150 other sportsmen, women and administrators, had been targeted for punishment because they had been involved in protests against the government.
On 23 June, it was announced that Mohamed Hubail had been secretly tried and sentenced to two years in prison by the Bahraini special security court established under the martial law regime imposed in March 2011. On 24 June FIFA, the world football governing body, announced that it had asked the Bahraini football authorities to provide information about cases of players detained during political protests.
Following allegations of government interference in the sport after Mohammed Hubail's prison sentence and the suspension of over 150 athletes, coaches and referees for taking part in anti-government protests, Bahrain faced a ban from world soccer. Suspension by FIFA could prevent Bahrain participating in Asian Olympic Games qualifying round matche.
According to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in Geneva, the trials appeared to bear the marks of political persecution and there were serious concerns that the due process rights of the defendants were not respected. On 29 June 2011 the Bahrain News Agency reported that the Bahrain Defence Force military public prosecutor had announced that "defendants involved at medical and sport crimes" had been released, but trials would continue in accordance with Bahraini legal procedures.
International career.
He is a member of the Bahrain national football team. In the final round of the 2010 World Cup Qualifications he missed a crucial penalty against New Zealand which left the whole nation in sadness after just missing out on the FIFA World Cup for the second time in succession. In 2009 he was nominated for the Asian Player of The Year award.

</doc>
<doc id="20342595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342595" title="Yeap Chor Ee">
Yeap Chor Ee

Yeap Chor Ee was a businessman and philanthropist. He was born in the village of Nan'an, Fujian, China, in 1867. Armed only with indefatigable energy and strong business acumen, he came to Penang at a mere age of 17 in the 1890s and grew to become Penang's richest man of his time and one of the State's greatest philanthropists. Yeap died in 1952 at the age of 85. By then, he was known as The Grand Old Man of Penang, well loved for his old world courtesy, humility, generosity and integrity.
He had arrived in Penang, Malaysia, from China, virtually penniless, but left a vast empire after his death. As a result of hard work he rose to become one of the richest men in Penang. He married a local girl, Lee Cheng Kin, by whom he had two sons, Datuk Yeap Hock Hoe and Yeap Hock Hin. They lived in a mansion called ‘Homestead’ at No 54 Northam Road which was their family house. He founded the Ban Hin Lee Bank and many other companies. Therefore his life epitomizes the true rags to riches story.
Over a course of thirty years, he built an empire with real banking, real estate and commodities trading activities. Yeap Chor Ee remained the only individual who single-handedly funded the establishment of a bank in that era, His record still holds-to-date.
With the fortune he made, he turned to philanthropy with particular interest in education. His elegant mansion, Homestead, was donated to the Wawasan Education Foundation in 2006.
Personal life.
In 1942, Yeap Hock Hoe married Julia Phang who gave birth to a daughter, Angela Yeap (Yeap Poh Suat). Julia later left Homestead and remarried. Angela, however, remained in Homestead and grew up there. Angela remained one of Datuk Yeap's favourite daughters, and even her grandmother (Yeap Chor Ee's wife, Lee Cheng Kin) was so fond of her that she mourned continuously after Angela's death in her twenties. Angela had two sons with Thomas Chan, and their eldest son is now married with two daughters who are Yeap Chor Ee's eldest great-great grandchildren. 
During the Japanese Occupation Datuk Yeap re-married to someone called Hooi Kum Chee, then still in her teens, who lived in Homestead. Although there is no evidence of Kum Chee’s marriage, Yeap Chor Ee recognized her as Datuk Yeap’s wife. She seemed to be acknowledged as the principal wife of Datuk Yeap. She gave birth to three daughters and one son, Yeap Leong Huat. During his marriage to Kum Chee and sometime in 1943, Datuk Yeap met Yam Kim Lian at the Wembley Arcade where he frequented regularly. Eventually, she became his secondary wife in 1944 and bore him two daughters and four sons, namely, Leong Theam, Leong Keng, Leong How and Leong Chin. Kim Lian and her children lived at Selamat Lane whilst Datuk Yeap and Kum Chee continued to live with his parents in Homestead.
Kum Chee died in 1948 after an operation. She was still in her early twenties, leaving behind four young children, the eldest of whom was five years old and the youngest barely two years. Datuk Yeap was deeply grieved by her death. Some three years later, on 22 December 1951 Datuk Yeap married Kum Chee’s younger sister Hooi Sooi Wan, then 20 years old. The marriage was conducted in Homestead according to Chinese rites and custom in the presence of Yeap Chor Ee and Lee Cheng Kin and others. The bride was given a signed marriage certificate. It is not in dispute that Yam Kim Lian also took part in the marriage ceremony and was also given a marriage certificate. In 1957 Datuk Yeap married another wife, Gan Chiew Hiang, who gave birth to three daughters.
To a traditionalist such as Yeap Chor Ee, it was not surprising that Kim Lian was recognized as a wife when by 1949 she had given birth to two sons. This recognition did not mean that she was accepted as a principal wife. She had never moved in to live in Homestead where Datuk Yeap resided. One would expect a principal wife to live in Homestead with her husband. It is hardly an accepted arrangement for a principal wife and her husband to live in separate houses, especially when he lived with his parents in the family house. The fact that another son of Yeap Chor Ee lived outside his family house with his principal wife is neither here nor there. Apparently, this was with the consent of his parents.
A Full List of Datuk Yeap's wives:
Today.
Dato Sri Dr Stephen Yeap (also known as Yeap Leong Huat, Yeap Chor Ee's eldest grandson), had opened a private family gallery/museum in Penang - House of Yeap Chor Ee. The museum, traditionally known as the Kau Kheng Choo (Nine Houses), was originally the home of Yeap Chor Ee before Homestead. Yeap Leong Huat had opened it to celebrate the life and achievements of his grandfather. The gallery, located on Lebuh Penang, Penang, Malaysia, displays the collection from Homestead and Yeap Chor Ee's other interests.
A family tree is also displayed in the gallery, and other descendants of Yeap Chor Ee can add themselves to the tree by writing in.

</doc>
<doc id="20342611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342611" title="Indiana State Auditor">
Indiana State Auditor

The Indiana State Auditor is an elected office in the U.S. State of Indiana.
In 2008 the annual salary of the auditor of Indiana was $66,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20342620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342620" title="Annmarie Dehainaut">
Annmarie Dehainaut

Annmarie Dehainaut is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Peru in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. In the Miss World 2008, Annmarie past in 2 Fast Track Awards: First, The Miss World Top Model, where she was the second Peruvian women to past into the top model award and she placed 14th; and Miss World Sports, where she was the second Peruvian women to past into the sports final and she placed 6th. 
Finally, in the final night of the Miss World, Annmarie placed in the 13th position.
Actually, Annmarie works in the model agency Elite Models Management, in USA.
She also represented Peru in Reina Hispanoamericana 2008 and placed as the 6th runner-up.

</doc>
<doc id="20342643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342643" title="Woldemar von Daehn">
Woldemar von Daehn

Voldemar von Daehn (February 20, 1838 – July 28, 1900) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Senate of Finland and Minister State Secretary of Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20342676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342676" title="Just Like Me (Jamie Foxx song)">
Just Like Me (Jamie Foxx song)

"Just Like Me" is the first single from Jamie Foxx's third studio album "Intuition". It features T.I. and was written and produced by Tricky Stewart & The-Dream. This is the second collaboration between the two after "Live in the Sky" off T.I.'s fourth studio album "King".
Song Concept.
"Two can play that game" is the basis for this song. It tells the story of a man who has discovered his significant other's infidelities. He states that she is wrong for her actions and behavior. This would come across as a double standard because he is a "Casanova". Questions arise if his female-companion has brought her Paramour into their home and Porsche car. Also, did she allow him personal use of the vehicle. However, he admits that his mistress has been in their home. Plus, she was given permission to drive the car. 
Now aware of her philandering, his female-companion's activities become apparent to him: flirting/hugging random men and romps in the back of nightclubs. Since he partakes in the same endeavors (with women), he knows that it would be hypocritical to criticize her. Still, he struggles to accept that he was a cuckold. Eventually, he comes to the realization that he and his female-companion are just alike; Hence, the title of the song, "Just Like Me".
Music video.
The music video was directed by Brett Ratner. It was released on November 26, 2008. The theme is Jamie Foxx engaged in a series of "anything you can do, I can do better" style contests with Taraji P. Henson. The video ranked at #73 on BET's "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009" countdown.
Background.
The song was originally written for Usher and there is a leaked version of his record.
Remix.
The official remix is a mash-up version of Usher's first verse from his version of the song and also features Jamie Foxx's 2nd verse and T.I.'s verse from the original version.
Chart positions.
The single was released on November 11 in the United States, peaking only at #49 on the Hot 100. The single also charted in New Zealand, peaking inside the Top 20 Singles Chart. In the UK, the single was released in late December 2008, but failed to make any impact on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20342683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342683" title="Johan Richard Danielson-Kalmari">
Johan Richard Danielson-Kalmari

Johan Richard (J.R.) Danielson-Kalmari (born "Danielson") (May 7 1853 in Hauho – May 23 1933 in Helsinki) was a Finnish Senator, professor of history, State Councillor ("Valtioneuvos") and one of the leaders of the Finnish Party. He was a Senator without portfolio in the Hjelt Senate from August 1 1908 to November 13 1909.
Danielson was the son of chaplain Johan Philip Danielson and Amanda Lovisa Palander. He received his Abitur in 1870, gained his undergraduate degree in 1876, Licenciate in 1878 and his Ph.D in 1881 from the Imperial Alexander University in Helsinki. Danielson worked as the editor-in-chief of the periodical "Valvoja" from 1881 to 1884. He was a teacher of German and History in the university in 1878 and a Docent of General History during 1878-1880, and finally a professor from 1880 to 1913. Danielson was the Deputy Chancellor of the Imperial Alexander University during 1903-1906 and as the Chancellor of the University of Turku from 1921 to 1926
During the Diet of 1882 Danielson worked as a secretary of the general education committee. He was chosen to the Diet as a member of the clergy estate. He later took part in the Diets of 1885, 1888, 1891, 1894, 1897, 1899, 1900, 1904 ja 1905. Danielson was also briefly the chairman of the Finnish Party and represented the party in the Parliament from 1907 to 1917.
Danielson married Jenny Matilda Heurlin in 1878.

</doc>
<doc id="20342687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342687" title="Hrvatska traži zvijezdu">
Hrvatska traži zvijezdu

Hrvatska traži zvijezdu (Croatian for "Croatia is searching for a Star") is the second Croatian version of "Pop Idol" and is currently airing on RTL Televizija.
In the first season the competitors were judged by Croatian musicians Tony Cetinski, Jelena Radan and Goran Lisica - Fox. Due to private commitments Radan left in the beginning of the second season and was replaced by Anđa Marić.
Antonija Blaće, famous for participating and hosting the Croatian Big Brother edition is the host of the competition which makes her the first person ever to host the two local versions of these franchises.
Season 1.
Season 1 was aired from February to June 2009 and was won by Bojan Jambrošić.
Season 2.
The second season was aired from April to June 2010 and was won by Kim Verson.

</doc>
<doc id="20342714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342714" title="Klaudia Ungerman">
Klaudia Ungerman

Klaudia Ungerman (born 28 August 1988 in Wysiedle, Poland) is a beauty pageant contestant who won Miss Poland 2008 and Miss YouTube 2008, represented Poland in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She studied management at the University of Szczecin in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20342734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342734" title="Leo Ehrnrooth">
Leo Ehrnrooth

Leo Ehrnrooth (10 March 1877 in Helsinki – 26 July 1951 in Sweden) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Senate of Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20342744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342744" title="Carolina Moon (song)">
Carolina Moon (song)

"Carolina Moon" is a popular song written by Joe Burke and Benny Davis. The song was a 1928 hit for crooner Gene Austin, when it charted for 14 weeks, staying at number one for 7 weeks. 
A version of "Carolina Moon" was recorded by Connie Francis in June 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20342754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342754" title="Selim Ekbom">
Selim Ekbom

Selim Ekbom (April 9 1807 in Turku – April 20 1886 in Vaasa) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Senate of Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20342768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342768" title="Andréia Rodrigues">
Andréia Rodrigues

Andréia Rodrigues is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Portugal in Miss World 2008 in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20342780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342780" title="Wuhan University School of Medicine">
Wuhan University School of Medicine

Wuhan University School of Medicine (, or Wuhan University Medicine Division, or Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, Wuhan University ) is located in Wuhan, Hubei, China, and is administered by the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China. Formerly known as Hubei Medical University (HBMU), a medical school founded in 1943, it merged with Wuhan University in 2000.
History.
July * 1938, Anti-Japanese War the outbreak of the Japanese bombing, the hospital moved to Enshi.
February * 1946," 'Hubei Province established School of Medicine moved to the site of the two lakes College school.
Educational status.
Basic.
Wuhan University School of Medicine has a full-time associate professors nearly 1,200 people, 4,700 full-time students, including more than 2,000 graduate students.
Wuhan University School Merger for decades, the medical professional ranking rose to 15 from 19 of the original National.
Institutions set.
Currently, Wuhan University School of Medicine under the jurisdiction of the eight faculties and three institutes, three affiliated hospitals.
In addition, the Department of Medicine is also involved in the formation of the State Key Laboratory of Virology (Wuhan University, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Wuhan Institute of Virology Association), Ministry of Education Key Laboratory of Oral Biomedical Engineering (Wuhan University Sichuan University jointly).

</doc>
<doc id="20342786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342786" title="Anders Henrik Falck">
Anders Henrik Falck

Anders Henrik Falck (November 25, 1772 – November 30, 1851) was a Finnish politician.
Falck was born in Kerimäki. He was a Vice-chairman the economic division of the Senate of Finland (1828–1833). He died in Kauttua.

</doc>
<doc id="20342788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342788" title="Hamad Rakea Al Anezi">
Hamad Rakea Al Anezi

Hamad Rakea Al Anezi (born April 22, 1984) is a Bahraini footballer currently playing for Al-Riffa of Bahrain and the Bahrain national football team. Hamad was banned by WADA for 24 months after testing positive for steroids. He returned to playing football on 1 June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20342837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342837" title="OTS Software">
OTS Software

OTS Software is an indie game development company which was founded in 1998 by Jody Chaffin, who serves as the lead software developer and architect.
History.
OTS Software was originally established as a custom software development and training company. In early 2003, the official company website was established and freeware games were made available in addition to informative pages about the custom software development process.
As the games became increasingly popular, the company focus shifted exclusively to games. To date, OTS Software has released 21 games in five years. The mission of the company is, “To deliver fun free games for all ages, all interests, and all computer specifications.”
Four of the company’s earliest games: "Boat", "MindsEye", "Follow the Dragon", and "Homonym Madness", began as shareware games. In August 2007, the company strategy shifted to a freeware focus and all games became free.
Currently, all 21 their games are for Microsoft Windows.
OTS Software continues to be an early technology adopter and their games use Microsoft's DirectX.
Structure.
OTS Software owns and operates three websites: the official company website, www.otssoftware.com, and two additional sites to offer more free games and free web page greetings. www.otsarcade.com and www.happyspecialday.com.
The company offers a gaming community toolbar, which provides the latest OTS Software news, games playable from the toolbar, live TV, internet radio, weather and Google powered search. The toolbar was first offered on 8/15/2007 and as of 10/6/2008, has been installed 141,702 times. Installations of the toolbar grow by approximately 500 per day and has over 10,000 active users each day.

</doc>
<doc id="20342839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342839" title="Wyeomyia smithii">
Wyeomyia smithii

Wyeomyia smithii, the pitcher plant mosquito, is an inquiline invertebrate, a mosquito that breeds only in the phytotelma, the water contained by the purple pitcher plant, "Sarracenia purpurea". In this microcommunity of bacteria, rotifers, protozoa, and midges, "W. smithii" is the top-level predator; its presence determines the bacterial species diversity within the pitcher. It is not in any way a pest mosquito, neither biting nor approaching humans or livestock, although earlier misidentification of other species of "Wyeomyia" in the Southern US states had created the impression that "Wyeomyia smithii" sometimes might do so.
"Wyeomyia smithii" is a model organism for the study of photoperiodism, the biotic process of controlling seasonal life history events by measuring day length as a reliable predictor of the seasons. "W. smithii" enters a state of developmental arrest, larval diapause, that is initiated and maintained by short day lengths and averted or terminated by long day lengths.

</doc>
<doc id="20342872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342872" title="List of recurring alien characters in Stargate SG-1">
List of recurring alien characters in Stargate SG-1

This is a list of recurring alien characters in the science fiction television series "Stargate SG-1".
Abydonians.
The Abydonians are the people whom Colonel O'Neill's team encounters on another planet in the "Stargate" film. They are the slaves of the alien Ra and are descendants from ancient Egyptians brought through the Stargate to mine the fictional mineral naqahdah. The film gives the location of their homeworld (named Abydos in "SG-1"'s pilot episode "Children of the Gods") as the Kaliem galaxy "on the far side of the known universe" in the film, and as the closest planets to Earth in the Stargate network in "Children of the Gods". In the film, O'Neill and Daniel Jackson inspire the Abydonians and their leader, Kasuf, to rise up against Ra. The military personnel return to Earth, while Daniel falls in love with Kasuf's daughter Sha're and remains behind. In "Children of the Gods", set a year after the film, the Goa'uld Apophis attacks Abydos, abducting Sha're and her brother Skaara to serve as hosts for his queen Amonet and son Klorel. In season 6's , the Goa'uld Anubis destroys Abydos, but Oma Desala helps its entire population Ascend.
Ancients.
The Ancients are the original builders of the Stargate network, who by the time of "Stargate SG-1" have ascended beyond corporeal form into a higher plane of existence. The humans of Earth are the "second evolution" of the Ancients. The Ancients (originally known as the Alterans) colonized the Milky Way galaxy millions of years ago and built a great empire. They also colonized the Pegasus galaxy and seeded human life there before being driven out by the Wraith. The civilization of the Ancients in the Milky Way was decimated thousands of years ago by a plague and those who did not learn to ascend died out. With few exceptions the ascended Ancients respect free will and refuse to interfere in the affairs of the material galaxy. However their legacy is felt profoundly throughout the "Stargate" universe, from their technologies such as Stargates and Atlantis to the Ancient Technology Activation gene that they introduced into the human genome through interbreeding.
Asgard.
The Asgard are a benevolent race that, according to the mythology of "Stargate", gave rise to Norse mythology on Earth and inspired accounts of the Roswell grey aliens. The Asgard can no longer reproduce and perpetuate themselves by transferring their minds into new clone bodies as necessary. Extremely advanced technologically, the threat of their intervention shields many planets in the Milky Way from Goa'uld attack, including Earth. They also provide much assistance to Earth in the way of technology, equipment, and expertise. Their main adversary in "Stargate SG-1" are the mechanical Replicators, against which they enlist the aid of SG-1 on several occasions. The entire Asgard civilization chooses to self-destruct in "Unending" due to the degenerative effects of repeated cloning. A small colony of Asgard still exist in the Pegasus galaxy that were able to stop cloning diminishing returns. "Stargate SG-1" had several Asgard puppets, and six puppeteers are necessary to make the different parts of the main Asgard puppet work. On set, Teryl Rothery (Dr. Frasier) wearing CGI reference gear was the "stand-in" for Thor ("Small Victories" episode 4.1) and Heimdall ("Revelations" episode 5.22) when full motion is required and puppets could not be used.
Goa'uld.
The Goa'uld are the dominant race in the Milky Way and the primary adversaries from seasons 1 to 8 of "Stargate SG-1". They are a parasitic species that resemble finned snakes, which can burrow themselves into a humanoid's neck and wrap around the spinal column. The Goa'uld symbiote then takes control of its host's body and mind, while providing longevity and perfect health. Thousands of years ago, the Goa'uld ruled over Earth, masquerading as gods from ancient mythologies. They transplanted humans throughout the galaxy to serve as slaves and hosts, and they created the Jaffa to serve as incubators for their larvae. The most powerful Goa'uld in the galaxy are collectively known as the System Lords.
Jaffa.
The Jaffa are an offshoot of humanity, genetically engineered by the Goa'uld. They have an abdominal pouch which serves to incubate larval Goa'uld. The infant Goa'uld provides strength, longevity, and good health, at the cost of supplanting the Jaffa's natural immune system, making them dependent on the Goa'uld for more symbiotes. The Jaffa have a warrior culture and form the armies of the Goa'uld. In season 8 of "Stargate SG-1", the Jaffa Resistance wins their race's freedom from Goa'uld oppression, resulting in the Free Jaffa Nation.
Lucian Alliance.
The Lucian Alliance is an interstellar group of human smugglers and mercenaries that have joined together from many different human-settled worlds across the Milky Way Galaxy to fill the power vacuum created by the demise of the Goa'uld, and have obtained and modified Goa'uld technology for their own use. When their trade partner Vala Mal Doran does not keep an agreement in their first appearance in season 8's "Prometheus Unbound", she and Daniel are placed on a Lucian Alliance wanted list. The Lucian Alliance is first referred to by name in season 9's "The Ties That Bind" and reappears as a recurring foe in seasons 9 and 10. The Lucian Alliance story arc is continued in "Stargate Universe". Producer Joseph Mallozzi explained in retrospect, "Much of the Lucian Alliance we saw in "SG-1" was inept and, dare I say it, a bit goofy. They fit in with "SG-1"s lighter, more high adventure-driven tone but would have stood out (and not in a good way) in the new series ["Stargate Universe"]. As a result, I was initially leery at the prospect of introducing them to "SGU" but, as so often happened over the course of my many years in the franchise, I trusted in Brad and Robert [C. Cooper and, in the end, that trust was rewarded with a terrific story element that not only succeeded as planned [...] but offered up plenty of interesting story material for future episodes "Stargate Universe". The Alliance was always envisioned as a loose coalition of mercenary groups so it made sense that certain factions would have been more capable and threatening than others."
Ori.
The Ori are Ascended beings who use their infinite knowledge of the universe to force lesser beings to worship them. In essence, they used to be Ancients, however they split into separate groups due to different views of life. The Ori are religious while the Ancients prefer science. The Ori sway lesser-developed planets into worshipping them by promising Ascension through an invented and empty religion called "Origin". This religion states that they created humanity and as such are to be worshipped by their creations. It also promises its followers that, on death, they will Ascend. However, Origin was designed to channel energy from the human worshippers to the Ori. As such, the Ori never help anyone else Ascend because then they would have to share the power that they sap from their worshippers. Their ultimate goal is to completely destroy the Ascended Ancients, who they know as "the Others". All of their efforts, including their technology, are for the purpose of garnering worshippers. As Ascended beings, the Ori do not interfere directly in the mortal plane. Instead, they use humans called Priors, which they artificially evolve so that they are one step from Ascension, giving the Priors godly powers. Because the Ori have worshippers across the entire home galaxy of the Ancients, and using their knowledge to spread, they are nearly unstoppable.
Replicators.
The Replicators are a potent mechanical life-form using a quiron-based technology composed of building blocks using nanotechnology. They strive to increase their numbers and spread across the universe by assimilating advanced technologies. They are hostile to all other life-forms in the universe, but are opposed primarily by the Asgard. In the episode "Unnatural Selection", the Replicators had developed human-form Replicators, based on the technology they extracted from their Android creator, that appear just like humans and are able to change their form. Standard Replicators are resistant to energy weapons, and can only be destroyed by projectile weapons. Human-form Replicators, on the other hand, are resistant to projectile weapons as well due to the change in their nature from large blocks to smaller units the size of organic cells (cell blocks). In the episode "New Order (Part 2)", an Ancient weapon called the Replicator Disruptor was developed by O'Neill while he still had the knowledge of the Ancients in his mind. It works by blocking the cohesion between the blocks that make up the Replicators. The Replicators in the Milky Way galaxy were wiped out by the Dakara Superweapon in the two-part episode "Reckoning" at the climax of Season 8. It has been indicated that the Asgard used the same technology to defeat the Replicators in their own home galaxy as well.
Tok'ra.
The Tok'ra (literally "against Ra", the Supreme System Lord) are a faction of Goa'uld symbiotes who are opposed to the Goa'uld culturally and militarily. Spawned by the queen Egeria, they live in true symbiosis with their hosts, both beings sharing the body equally and benefitting from each other. The Tok'ra have fought the Goa'uld for thousands of years, favoring covert tactics and balancing the various System Lords against one another. Since season 2 of "Stargate SG-1", the Tok'ra have become valuable allies of Earth.
Other Tok'ra seen include Garshaw of Belote and Persus.
Tollan.
The Tollan are an advanced human civilization who are introduced in season 1's "Enigma" when the SGC helps a group of them relocate from the original Tollan homeworld that had undergone catastrophic volcanic activity. The Nox take the Tollan in while they continue to search for a new home, later revealed to be named Tollana. The Tollan have a strict policy against sharing technology with more "primitive" races, instituted after such a transfer caused the civilization of their neighboring planet Serita to destroy itself in a single day. Teal'c notes in season 3's "Pretense" that despite the Tollans' technological superiority, they "do not think strategically". The Tollan are wiped out by the forces of the Goa'uld Tanith in season 5's "Between Two Fires" after the Goa'uld Anubis developed shields impervious to Tollan weaponry.

</doc>
<doc id="20342903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342903" title="2008 Asian Women's Handball Championship">
2008 Asian Women's Handball Championship

The 2008 Asian Women's Handball Championship was the 12th Asian Championship, which was taking place from November 21 to November 30, 2008 in Bangkok, Thailand. It acts as the Asian qualifying tournament for the 2009 World Women's Handball Championship in China.

</doc>
<doc id="20342918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342918" title="Rashad Jamal Salem">
Rashad Jamal Salem

Rashad Jamal Salem (born January 18, 1979) is a Bahraini footballer currently playing for Al-Najma of Bahrain and the Bahrain national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20342924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342924" title="Jeremy Gutsche">
Jeremy Gutsche

Jeremy Gutsche (born April 7, 1978) is a Canadian innovation expert, author, "one of North America's most requested keynote speakers", co-host of Trend Hunter TV and founder of TrendHunter.com. He is most well known as the founder and Chief Trend Hunter of TrendHunter.com, described by The Independent as "the world's biggest online cool hunting magazine". In 2013, the site reports that number at 120,000 members and 40,000,000 monthly views.
Gutsche has been described as "a new breed of trend spotter" by The Guardian, and "on the forefront of cool" by MTV. Fox Business, and Entertainment Tonight.
TrendHunter.com.
In 2006, Gutsche launched Trend Hunter, an online trend community and series of trend publications. The website is crowd sourced by a global network of 100,000 contributors who identify and submit emerging ideas as articles. Staff editors curate the most compelling articles for editing before publishing the articles on the front page. The website uses statistics from its audience to score each idea on metrics such as popularity, activity, freshness and demographics. The purpose is to use the power of the crowd to identify trends and patterns, which are published in trend reports on Trend Hunter and its related website, TrendReports.com. 
In 2008, Trend Hunter TV was launched, co-hosted by Jeremy Gutsche and Sandra Stinchcombe, although Stinchcombe only appeared in six of the first episodes. The TV program features content provided by the Trend Hunter community members, interviews and features about the website's operations behind-the-scenes. The main categories include: pop culture, design, technology, fashion, business and art. 
In August 2012, the company passed one billion total page views.
Trend Hunter Research.
In 2007, Gutsche launched Trend Hunter Research to leverage the viewership data and content insights from the Trend Hunter community. This service was later expanded to include subscription trend reports, an interactive trend platform and an advisory service used by a variety of consumer brands. Gutsche publishes a free weekly newsletter for journalists, entrepreneurs and marketers.
Keynote Speaking.
Jeremy Gutsche is a keynote speaker in the categories of innovation, strategy and marketing, represented by The Lavin Agency. He has spoken internationally at more than 180 events since 2008, with a speaking career launched via his website, book, and large events like the 2010 World Education Congress, where he was the closing speaker for 3,500 meeting planners. He is best known for his Exploiting Chaos keynote, based on his similarly-titled book.
Books.
Gutsche's book, "Exploiting Chaos: 150 Ways to Spark Innovation During Times of Change", is a Gotham title (a Penguin Group subsidiary). "Exploiting Chaos" was released in September, 2009. and ranked #1 Most Popular at 800 CEO Read from September to December 2009. In paperback, it is published in seven languages, including Cantonese, Spanish, German, Portuguese, Korean, and English.
In 2012, Gutsche re-released "Exploiting Chaos" as an interactive video ebook. The ebook version was made free online or downloadable for the price of a tweet or Facebook like. The website reported 300,000 downloads of the free version.
Background.
Prior to starting Trend Hunter, Jeremy Gutsche was a management consultant with the Monitor Group and was Capital One's Director of Upmarket in Canada. At Capital One, he led his team to grow a $1 billion business.
He holds an MBA from Queen's University, studied innovation at the Stanford Graduate School of Business, graduated from University of Calgary with a BCom in Finance (With Distinction) and is a Chartered Financial Analyst.

</doc>
<doc id="20342926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342926" title="Richard Crowley (Irish journalist)">
Richard Crowley (Irish journalist)

Richard Crowley is an Irish journalist and broadcaster. He was formerly Middle East Correspondent for RTÉ News and Current Affairs, and co-presenter of the current affairs programme "Prime Time" on RTE television. He currently presents The News At One and he co-presents the radio programme This Week, with Colm Ó Mongain, on Sundays.
Career.
Crowley began his journalistic career in the "Derry Journal" in 1976. During the 1980s, he was a reporter and news presenter on RTÉ television. He also presented a news feature programme called "Radharc". He later moved to RTÉ Radio where he presented "Morning Ireland" for six years, and the "RTÉ News at One". 
He returned to RTÉ TV News, in 2001, as the Middle East correspondent reporting from the region until 2009. 
His book, "No Man's Land", was published in October 2007. In 2009, he began presenting a new television series on RTÉ about Irish business and finance, called "The Smart Money". From June 2009, he presented and edited "This Week" on RTÉ Radio 1. Crowley began co-presenting Prime Time in 2010, with Miriam O'Callaghan, and resigned from that role in 2012. He presents The News At One on Radio 1 and continues to host This Week.

</doc>
<doc id="20342935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342935" title="Scare Easy">
Scare Easy

"Scare Easy" was described as being "full of the tones and lyrics of the mid 1970's. but the tight harmonies come from musicians who have matured."
The song can also be heard over the end credits of the movie "Appaloosa" (2008), a western directed and starring Ed Harris and co-starring Viggo Mortensen and Renée Zellweger. However, "Scare Easy" does not appear on Jeff Beal's official soundtrack for the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20342962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342962" title="Felicity Wishes">
Felicity Wishes

Felicity Wishes is a British children's book series created, written, illustrated and privately owned by the Character Brand Creator Emma Thomson (not to be confused with the British actress of a similar name) . Books include over 140 story books, activity books, picture books and annuals. The popularity of the books led to the launch of a "Felicity Wishes" magazine and hundreds of other products.
The series is about a fairy called Felicity Wishes and her friends Holly, Polly and Daisy. Felicity lives in a fictional town called Little Blossoming. Little Blossoming, Bloomfield is in Fairy World. Fairy World is much the same as the human world with several key exceptions: there is no age, birth or death (fairies live forever), no men, no meat-eating, no money, no evil and no crime. Most of the books are set pre-graduation where Felicity goes to the School of Nine Wishes to learn and she eats with her friends at Sparkles Cafe. She has also travelled all over Fairy World. In these books Felicity Wishes and her friends both have a single pair of wings, because they still go to school; fairies who have graduated get double wings. Felicity has a constant companion, a little blue bird called Bertie Dishes, the only male character in the whole book series.
The magazine.
The first issue of the magazine was released in 2007; it was the first of 56 issues, released fortnightly. In each magazine Felicity considered a different career: in the first issue, that of a cake-maker. An exclusive Felicity doll with wool hair was included with the first issue and costumes for the doll were given in other issues. Issue 2 had a satin pink bag with the Felicity Wishes logo and the third issue had a box for storing magazines or books. Subsequent editions featured careers that included: 'Journalist', 'Flight Attendant', 'Architect', 'Doctor', 'Decorator', 'Inventor' and 'Chef' 
Foreign editions.
Felicity Wishes has been translated into over 22 different languages including Portuguese and published by Dinalivro, a Portuguese Publishing House. In Portugal, Felicity has been named «Fada Carolina» («Fada» meaning «fairy» in Portuguese). Little Blossoming became «Cidade das Flores» and the school is called «Escola dos Nove Desejos». More than 20 titles are available in Portugal, most of them reaching their 2nd and 3rd editions.
Some of Felicity's 22 foreign names are: Rose Felicity, Valeria Varita, Dolca Picarol, A fada Carolina, Isa Belletje, Sofie Fehar, Felicity Bell, Tunderi Lonka, Lili de wendsfeetjie and Felicity Wunschfee.
Feminist Critiques of Felicity.
In 2007, writing in the UK newspaper "The Independent," Katy Guest raised concerns about the message conveyed to young girls by the line of products associated with the Felicity character: 
The blog "The Alpha Parent" iterated similar concerns in a 2012 post analyzing the magazine's series of "dream jobs": "The magazine is an example of how girls are socialised to be *prepared* to accept their place in the sexual division of labour. That is, to aspire to jobs which are less skilled, lower paid, and often part time." Emma Thomson helped admonish the misrepresentation this feature expressed by posting a response that drew attention to the article's many omissions: those Felicity Wishes magazines that featured skilled, higher paid and full-time employment.

</doc>
<doc id="20342972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342972" title="Albert Freeman Africanus King">
Albert Freeman Africanus King

Albert Freeman Africanus King (born 1841; died 1914) was a bystander physician who was pressed into service during the assassination of Abraham Lincoln. In addition, King was one of the earliest to suggest the connection between mosquitos and malaria.
Early life.
On January 18, 1841, King was born in Ambrosden, near Bicester, a village in the Cherwell District of north-eastern Oxfordshire in England. His father was a doctor interested in the colonization of Africa. He was named Africanus "because of his father's admiration" for that continent. King was ten when his family emigrated from the United Kingdom to the United States.
Education.
King was a degreed Doctor of Medicine (MD). He attended both the Columbia Medical College (now George Washington University Medical School) and the University of Pennsylvania. In 1861, he graduated from Columbia at age twenty. In 1865, he graduated from Pennsylvania at the age of twenty-four.
Lincoln assassination.
During the American Civil War, King was in Washington, DC, and in the audience at Ford's Theatre when Lincoln was shot by John Wilkes Booth. Some suggest King was the first physician to reach Lincoln. But the accounts of the other physicians present, Dr. Charles Augustus Leale and Dr. Charles Sabin Taft, suggest that King was second or third.
Later life.
King later became a professor of obstetrics in Washington, DC and at the University of Vermont. 
In 1882, King proposed a method to eradicate malaria from Washington, DC. His method was to encircle the city with a wire screen as high as the Washington Monument. Many people took this as a jest, partly because the link between malaria and mosquitoes had, at that time, been hypothesized by only a few physicians. It was not until 1898 that Ronald Ross proved mosquitoes were a vector for malaria (he won the Nobel Prize for the discovery just four years later). However impractical, King was on the right track for malaria control, well in advance of the rest of the medical profession.

</doc>
<doc id="20342989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20342989" title="Mikhail Fyodorovich Ganskau">
Mikhail Fyodorovich Ganskau


</doc>
<doc id="20343022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343022" title="ACPM Medical College">
ACPM Medical College

ACPM Medical College or Jawahar Medical Foundation's Annasaheb Chudaman Patil Memorial Medical College is a medical college in Dhule, Maharashtra affiliated to Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (M.U.H.S., Nashik).
History.
Jawahar Medical Foundation was the concept of philanthropist, social worker and politician Late. Annasaheb Chudaman Patil. The foundation was registered in 1984. From a small a charitable general hospital with only 150 beds, ACPM hospital has now gone on to be 500 bedded hospital which has an Intensive Coronary Care Unit (ICCU), Intensive Care Unit (ICU), Neonatal Intensive Critical Unit (NICU), Paediatric Intensive care Unit (PICU), CT - SCAN and a blood bank amongst other facilities. It is backed up by Central & Departmental Laboratories for all the Investigations round the clock
Major Milestones.
The following are the major milestones in the institute's history.
Campus.
College & hospital building :
ACPMMC is set up over of land. The construction is built over of land.
Left: The Campus by Night with the main entrance to the Medical College Complex in the back ground.
Library & building halls :
The college has central library and department libraries.
Medical College Hostels:
There are separate Boys and Girls Hostels. The Nursing College Hostel is attached to the girls'hostel. Each room in the hostels accommodates three students.
Heads of Department.
The following are the Heads of the departments in the college.
Management.
Dr. B.G. Patil, the head of department of E.N.T. took over as the dean of the medical college in 2006. His predecessor was the head of ophthalmology, Dr. M. R. Gupta. The management of the institute includes Dr. Ashish Patil, Secretary and Trustee of Jawahar Medical Foundation and Chairman of the Institute of Urology Dr. Bhaidas Patil, FRCS. The management has a zero tolerance policy towards ragging and related activities.
Dr. S.K. Singhal is the Medical Director of the institution. Dr. M. Chitale is the vice principal of the institution.
Student activities.
Each year, around February-March, the medical college students organize a college gathering. The batch which organizes is usually in first half of the third academic year of their studies. The students'governing council which consists of a General Secretary, Sports, Cultural, Fine Arts, Literary, Orchestra, Prize Distribution and Drama Secretaries handle the entire festival with guidance from the allotted teacher in-charge of the respective committee.
literary events and sports events are conducted in the few days that run up to the festival. The highlight of the festival is usually a Volly ball final and Marathi drama which are performed on a professional scales. A cultural event usually follows on the next day. Both these events are held at Hire Bhavan, in the city of Dhule. The academic prize distribution and the literary events are held in the college auditorium itself. The festival culminates on the last day with a dance night.
Such annual festival has different name each year - such as Beats (organizing batch - 1999), Renaissance (organizing batch - 2000), Oasis (organizing batch - 2001) and Phoenix (organizing batch - 2002).
Apart from the festival, the students also celebrate the Ganesh Chaturthi.
Admission.
Prior to 2006, the admission to the institute was through the MH-CET. However, currently, the admission to ACPMMC is via Asso-CET, the entrance exam conducted by the Association of Private Unaided Medical and Dental Colleges. The exam is held each year in April-June.
Achievements.
Seri Joseph Abraham of Class of 2001 was the recipient of the ’Dr Suhdakar Sane Gold Medal’ and ’Late Smt Vijayadevi Phadtare Memorial Gold Medal’ in 2008 for securing the highest marks in General Medicine and Medicine of Third MBBS (Part II) amongst all the students of medical colleges affiliated to Maharashtra University of Health Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="20343027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343027" title="Arvid Genetz">
Arvid Genetz

Family.
Arrvid Genetz and his wife Eva (née Arppe ) had six children: sons Juho, Arvi, Niilo and Paavo, and daughters Laura and Helvi. Saima Harmaja is Laura's daughter.
Career.
Genetz graduated from the gymnasium in 1866, graduated from the University of Helsinki as a candidate doctor in 1871 and received his doctorate in 1877 . He initially worked as a Finnish and Swedish teacher at the Lyceum, and then serves as a lecturer at the University of Helsinki in the School of Finnish language and literature, in 1877 . Genetz served Professor August Ahlqvist, and he was elected to the chair held by Professor Ahlqvist after the death of Finnish language and literature professor in 1891 . Genetz rival for this position was his colleague Eemil Nestor Setälä.
A year later that the position was split in two—Finnish language and literature, and separately Finno-Ugric language research studies. The latter was the specialty of Genetz, and Setälä became the professor of Finnish language and literature. Genetz worked as a professor until 1901.
In order to investigate Finno languages, Genetz made several expeditions to the White Sea region of Karelia and Siberia.
Genetz has been considered a pioneer of modern morphology, as he described the Sami morphological variations in a modern way, using principles later employed in generative linguistics to understand both the deep and surface structure of the language, separating the description of the models. In historical linguistics, he was the first one who realized that the Sami exchanged a large number of loans words with the Baltic Finnish languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20343043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343043" title="Anicius Probus Iunior">
Anicius Probus Iunior

Flavius Anicius Probus Iunior (ca. 495 – aft. 525) was a Roman Consul in 525. He was the son of Flavius Anicius Olybrius (ca. 470–504?), c.p. 476/83, PPo It. 503, paternal grandson of Flavius Anicius Probus (b. ca. 435) and great-grandson of Flavius Anicius Probus (ca. 405-aft. 459), Praetor in 424 and "v. ill." ("vir illustrissimus") in 459, and wife Adelphia (ca. 410-aft. 459), who were the parents of Emperor Olybrius.
He married his cousin Proba (b. ca. 510), daughter of Flavius Anicius Olybrius Iunior (ca. 480-aft. 524/aft. 527), Roman Consul in 491, and wife and cousin Irene (b. ca. 485), and had issue:

</doc>
<doc id="20343058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343058" title="Johan Ulrik Sebastian Gripenberg">
Johan Ulrik Sebastian Gripenberg


</doc>
<doc id="20343075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343075" title="Traditional derby">
Traditional derby

West-Slovakia Derby is the name for the rivalry between two Slovak football teams ŠK Slovan Bratislava and FC Spartak Trnava. The two teams are among the most successful clubs in Slovakia. The game is considered the most prestigious match in the Slovakian football calendar.

</doc>
<doc id="20343082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343082" title="Rock 'n' Roller Crisps">
Rock 'n' Roller Crisps

Rock'n Rollers were shell shaped crisps made by Golden Wonder in the UK during the 1970s. They were named after the rock and roll revival in the 1970s. They were available in Salt & Vinegar and Cheese & Onion flavours. During the 1980s, Golden Wonder ceased to make them.

</doc>
<doc id="20343090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343090" title="Honey (Rudy Vallée song)">
Honey (Rudy Vallée song)

"Honey" is a popular song written by Seymour Simons, Haven Gillespie and Richard A. Whiting. The song was a 1929 hit for Rudy Vallée & his Connecticut Yankees when it charted for eight weeks at number one. It was also featured in the 1945 film "Her Highness and the Bellboy".

</doc>
<doc id="20343095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343095" title="Lennart Gripenberg">
Lennart Gripenberg


</doc>
<doc id="20343101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343101" title="Changes in safety practices after the sinking of the RMS Titanic">
Changes in safety practices after the sinking of the RMS Titanic

The sinking of the RMS "Titanic" resulted in the following changes in maritime policy.
Lifeboats.
Alexander Carlisle, Harland and Wolff's general manager and chairman of the managing directors, suggested that "Titanic" use a new, larger type of davit which could give the ship the potential to carry 48 lifeboats; this would have provided enough seats for everyone on board. However, the White Star Line decreed that only 20 lifeboats would be carried, which could accommodate about 38% of those on board when the ship was filled to capacity. At the time, the Board of Trade's regulations stated that British vessels over 10,000 tons must carry 16 lifeboats with a capacity of , plus enough capacity in rafts and floats for 75% (or 50% in case of a vessel with watertight bulkheads) of that in the lifeboats. Therefore, the White Star Line actually provided more lifeboat accommodation than was legally required. The regulations made no extra provision for larger ships because they had not been changed since 1894, when the largest passenger ship under consideration was only 13,000 tons, and because of the expected difficulty in getting away more than 16 boats in any emergency.
On the night of the sinking, Titanic's lifeboat complement was made up of three types of boats. The most numerous were the 14 standard wooden lifeboats, each long by wide, with a capacity of 65 persons each. Forward of them, one on each side of the ship, two smaller emergency boats, long, had a capacity of 40 persons each. Four Engelhardt collapsible lifeboats measuring long by wide had a capacity of 47 persons each; they had canvas sides, and could be stowed almost flat, taking up a comparatively small amount of deck space. Two were stowed port and starboard on the roof of the officers' quarters, at the foot of the first funnel, while the other two were stowed port and starboard alongside the emergency cutters.
After the "Titanic" disaster, recommendations were made by both the British and American Boards of Inquiry stating, in part, that ships would carry enough lifeboats for those aboard, mandated lifeboat drills would be implemented, lifeboat inspections would be conducted, etc. Many of these recommendations were incorporated into the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea passed in 1914
24 hour radio watch and distress rockets.
Following the inquiries, United States government passed the Radio Act of 1912. This act, along with the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea, stated that radio communications on passenger ships would be operated 24 hours along with a secondary power supply, so as not to miss distress calls. Also, the Radio Act of 1912 required ships to maintain contact with vessels in their vicinity as well as coastal onshore radio stations.
In addition, it was agreed in the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea that the firing of red rockets from a ship must be interpreted as a sign of help. This decision was based on the fact that the rockets launched from the "Titanic" prior to sinking were interpreted with a bit of ambiguity by the freighter SS "Californian". Officers on the "Californian" had seen rockets fired from an unknown liner from their decks, yet surmised that they could possibly be "company" or identification signals, used to signal to other ships. At the time of the sinking, aside from distress situations, it was commonplace for ships without wireless radio to use a combination of rockets and Roman candles to identify themselves to other liners. Once the Radio Act of 1912 was passed it was agreed that rockets at sea would be interpreted as distress signals only, thus removing any possible misinterpretation from other ships.
It is also considered today that the damage would be limited with a head-on collision; indeed, only the bow and the rudder would then hit the iceberg, and not the hull, which must remain tight so that the ship can continue to float. It is now a fully rule of navigation (included in the COLREGs). The experience has been tried in 1914 (only two years after the "Titanic" disaster and around the creation of the International Ice Patrol) by HMT "Royal Edward". As a result, only the behind compartments were flooded, and none of the 800 passengers suffered from the shock.
International Ice Patrol.
After the "Titanic" disaster, the U.S. Navy assigned the Scout Cruisers "Chester" and USS "Birmingham" (CL-2) to patrol the Grand Banks for the remainder of 1912. In 1913, the United States Navy could not spare ships for this purpose, so the Revenue Cutter Service (forerunner of the United States Coast Guard) assumed responsibility, assigning the Cutters "Seneca" and "Miami" to conduct the patrol.
The "Titanic" disaster led to the convening of the first International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS) in London, on 12 November 1913. On 30 January 1914, a treaty was signed by the conference that resulted in the formation and international funding of the International Ice Patrol, an agency of the United States Coast Guard that to the present day monitors and reports on the location of North Atlantic Ocean icebergs that could pose a threat to transatlantic sea traffic. 
Since the mid-1900s ice patrol aircraft became the primary ice reconnaissance method with surface patrols phased out except during unusually heavy ice years or extended periods of reduced visibility. Use of the oceanographic vessel continued until 1982, when the Coast Guard's sole remaining oceanographic ship, USCGC "Evergreen", was converted to a medium endurance cutter. The aircraft has distinct advantages for ice reconnaissance, providing much greater coverage in a shorter period of time.
Ship design changes.
Following the "Titanic" disaster, ships were refitted for increased safety. For example, the double bottoms of many existing ships, including the RMS "Olympic", were extended up the sides of their hulls, their waterlines, to give them double hulls. Another refit that many ships underwent were changes to the height of the bulkheads. The bulkheads on "Titanic" extended 10 feet (3 m) above the waterline. After the "Titanic" sank, the bulkheads on other ships were extended higher to make the compartments fully watertight.

</doc>
<doc id="20343108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343108" title="Franco Quiroga">
Franco Quiroga

Franco Tomás Quiroga (born 23 November 1986 in Cutral Có, Neuquén) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for San Martín de San Juan.
Career.
Quiroga started his playing career in 2005 with Club Atlético Temperley in the regionalised third division of Argentine football.
In 2006 he joined Olimpo de Bahía Blanca where he was part of the squas that won back to back championships to secure promotion to the Argentine Primera. Quiroga missed out on the opportunity to play in the Primera when he joined Nueva Chicago. 
In 2008 he joined Argentinos Juniors where he made his debut in the Primera on 16 August in a 4–1 win over Vélez Sársfield. He got his first taste of international club football playing a number of games in the Copa Sudamericana 2008 where Argentinos reached the semi-finals.
In 2010 he joined Chilean club Santiago Wanderers on the recommendation of Argentinos manager Claudio Borghi.

</doc>
<doc id="20343116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343116" title="1976–77 KNVB Cup">
1976–77 KNVB Cup

The 59th edition of the KNVB Cup started on October 10, 1976. The final was played on May 19, 1977: FC Twente beat PEC Zwolle 3–0 (after extra time) and won the cup for the first time.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on October 10, 1976.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on November 21, 1976. The Eredivisie clubs entered the tournament this round.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played between February 16 and 20, 1977.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on March 9, 1977.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on April 27, 1977.
Final.
FC Twente would play in the Cup Winners' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20343117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343117" title="Lars Gabriel von Haartman">
Lars Gabriel von Haartman

He was a Vice-chairman of the economic division of the Senate of Finland (1841–1858).

</doc>
<doc id="20343121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343121" title="List of World War II vessel types of the United States">
List of World War II vessel types of the United States

This List of World War II vessel types of the United States is a list of the types of vessels used by the United States during the time period of World War II. It includes submarines, battleships, minelayers, oilers, barges, pontoon rafts and other types of water craft, boats and ships. (This list is not yet complete.)
Army.
Under the Army organization of 1940, the Army Quartermaster was charged with the responsibility of providing the Army with all water transport services except those specifically authorized; for the Corps of Engineers in river and harbor work, for the Coast Artillery Corps in mine planting, and 
for the Signal Corps in cable laying (the Army had no communication ships at this time). In March 1942, most of the transportation functions of the Army Quartermaster were consolidated into the Transportation Division of the newly created Services of Supply. That same year, on July 31, the Transportation Corps was established. 
Coast Artillery Corps Mine Planter Service.
The Army Mine Planter Service was responsible for the mine fields of the coast defenses. The largest vessels of the service were the U.S. Army Mine Planter (USAMP ) which was equipped to install mines and associated control cables. Smaller vessels known as "junior mine planters" or "pup planters", were occasionally employed as mine planters, but for the most part they served as freight and passenger boats for river and harbor duty. In addition to the mine planters, there were distribution box boats, used for servicing the mine-cable distribution boxes and rugged utility boats called motor mine yawls.
Mine ships.
 
Signal Corps.
Communication ships.
Army communications ships in the South West Pacific theater of World War II provided radio relay services and acted as command posts for forward elements ashore. 
Transportation Corps - Water Division.
South West Pacific Area (SWPA) - Services of Supply (USASOS).
Small Ships Section.
As there was a need for a fleet of shallow-draft vessels that could navigate among coral reefs and use primitive landing places far up the coast of New Guinea and along the outlying islands. An "S" fleet under Army control was created using local Australian vessels crewed largely by civilian Australians and New Zealanders. It was a miscellaneous collection of luggers, rusty trawlers, old schooners, launches, ketches, yawls, and yachts.
Harbor Branch - Harbor Boat Service (HBS).
Harbor Vessels.
The harbor craft company is organized for the purpose of ferrying to shore cargo from freighters and transports arriving in theaters of operation. 
The vessels may either be riding offshore at anchor in the open sea or more likely, anchored in a harbor. 
Cargo from the ships is loaded by Transportation Corps port company personnel onto barges. 
Then tugs, tow boats, or marine tractors propel the barges to the shore for unloading.
Any cargo too heavy for the vessel's gear to lift is handled by a 60-ton floating crane.
Cargo ships under 1,000 tons.
Coastwise & Inter-island cargo ships   a.k.a. Coastal freighters
The small boat company provided regular coastal and island service to bases in the Aleutian and Pacific Islands to supply food and equipment transported by small coastal and inter-island vessels and water craft that were under 200 feet or under 1,000 gross tons of the following vessel types;
Corps of Engineers.
Troops Division.
Port & Harbor Rehabilitation.
The engineer port repair ship is equipped with repair facilities that include a heavy crane and a machine shop and maintains channels and ship berths by removing sunken ships and other obstructions. It also maintains channel markings and other aids for pilots. It does needed work on docks and wharves in conjunction with engineer port construction and repair groups.
The primary mission of the engineer port construction and repair group is to make ready for use the facilities of ports of debarkation in a theater of operations. and to perform work involved in improvement or expansion of such ports, exclusive of harbors. Its work is performed in conjunction with engineer port repair ship operations offshore.
The construction platoon consists of a divers' section under the supervision of an officer, as master diver. Enlisted personnel consists of marine divers and divers' attendants. This section
does underwater work incident to construction of quay walls, wharves, piers, etc.
Littoral Traversal.
Engineer Amphibian Brigade 
The engineer special brigade provides personnel
and equipment for transporting combat troops from a
friendly near shore to a hostile far shore when the distance is
not over 100 miles. The brigade resupplies these troops during
the early stages of establishing a beachhead. The brigade
can transport one division when reinforced by naval LCT boats.
Riverine Traversal.
The company is attached to an armored division in river-crossing operations, to provide a bridge for heavy vehicles. 
The company is attached to a division in river-crossing operations, to provide bridges and rafts. 
Stream-crossing equipment includes;
The battalion is attached to a corps in river-crossing operations, to provide a bridges and rafts capable of supporting heavier loads. Bridges and rafts are constructed of 25-ton ponton equipage.
Navy.
Amphibious warfare type.
Amphibious warfare vessels include all ships having organic capability for amphibious warfare and which have characteristics enabling long duration operations on the high seas. There are two classifications of craft: amphibious warfare ships which are built to cross oceans, and landing craft, which are designed to take troops from ship to shore in an invasion. Some vessels called “landing ships” did not have the capability to off-load troops and supplies onto beaches; they were just transports or command-and-control vessels.
Ships
Other types.
Aircraft Carriers
Battleships
Cruisers
Destroyers
Submarines
Minecraft
Patrol Craft
Submarine Chasers
Motor Torpedo Boats
Auxiliaries
Hospital Ships
Cargo Ships
Net-Laying Ships AN
Oilers & Tankers
Transports
Repair Ships
Submarine Tenders & Rescue Vessels
Tugboats
Seaplane Tenders & Aviation Supply Ships
Distilling Ships
Unclassified Vessels
Yard and District Craft
Coast Guard Cutters

</doc>
<doc id="20343129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343129" title="Olybrius (consul 491)">
Olybrius (consul 491)

Flavius Olybrius ("floruit" 491) was an aristocrat of the Eastern Roman Empire, and consul for 491. He is sometimes referred to as "Olybrius Junior" in the sources. Alan Cameron explains, "It may be that, alone among the consuls here discussed, Olybrius was actually known as 'Olybrius the younger' in social as well as consular contexts. Nor is it hard to think of a reason why: he became consul as a mere child, barely ten years old, perhaps even less."
Life.
Olybrius was the son of Areobindus Dagalaiphus Areobindus, Magister Militum from 503 to 504 and consul in 506, and of Anicia Juliana, the daughter of the Western Roman Emperor Olybrius (472) and of Placidia, who was in turn the daughter of the Western Roman Emperor Valentinian III (425-455).
He was appointed consul at a very young age in 491. Afterwards Olybrius married Irene, the daughter of Paulus and niece of Eastern Roman Emperor Anastasius I (491-518); Anastasius wanted to strengthen his rule through a bond with the House of Theodosius through this marriage. Olybrius and Irene had only daughters, including Proba, who married Anicius Probus Iunior.

</doc>
<doc id="20343138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343138" title="Viktor Hedlund">
Viktor Hedlund


</doc>
<doc id="20343155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343155" title="McLennan Library Building">
McLennan Library Building

The McLennan Library Building of McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada is situated at the northeast corner of Sherbrooke Street and McTavish Street. The building, along with the Redpath Library Building currently houses the Humanities and Social Sciences Library, the largest branch of the McGill University Library. 
History.
The McLennan Library Building stands on the site of Jesse Joseph's former mansion, Dilcoosha, meaning "the Heart's Delight" in Hindustani. Joseph, a prominent Montreal businessman, philanthropist and member of the city's Jewish community, died in 1904. Once a Canadian Officers' Training Corps headquarters during World War I and after the home of the McCord Museum, the mansion was demolished in 1955.
The current seven-storey reinforced concrete structure was built between 1967 and 1969 and designed by the firm Dobush, Stewart and Bourke, who also designed McGill's Stewart Biological Sciences and Ernest Rutherford Physics Buildings, and worked on design for the city's Cadillac Metro station. The exterior consist of identical precast concrete panels that are attached to a reinforced concrete frame. It is attached to the more modern Redpath library extension by a bridge walkway. The main entrance to McLennan library is now at the south end of the concrete terraced after the Redpath library entrance was closed after the terrace renovations ended in January 2014. All traffic between floors is controlled by the central stairwell and elevator core. The sixth floor hoses the McGill University Archives and the fourth floor is dedicated to the McGill Rare Books and Special Collections.
The library building was named in honour of Isabella McLennan, who had made a large donation to McGill in order to purchase books.

</doc>
<doc id="20343161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343161" title="Valde Hirvikanta">
Valde Hirvikanta

Hirvikanta was shot by 24-year-old retail clerk Bruno Forsström who was a member of the Svecoman movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20343163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343163" title="Predrag Ostojić">
Predrag Ostojić

Predrag Ostojić (22 February 1938 — 5 July 1996) was a Yugoslav chess Grandmaster. He won the Yugoslav Chess Championship in 1968 and 1971.
Born in Kraljevo, he won the title of International Master in 1962 and of Grandmaster in 1975.
Tournament victories include equal 1st at Vrnjačka Banja 1975, 1st at Paris 1968, 1969 and 1970, San Juan 1971, Casablanca 1974, Hasselt 1974. Second places include Beverwijk 1968, Olot 1974, Cleveland 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20343233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343233" title="Rosanna Wong">
Rosanna Wong

Dame Rosanna Wong Yick-ming, DBE, JP (born 15 August 1952), also known by her married name Mrs Rosanna Tam Wong Yick-ming in her former marriage from 1979 lasting until 1992, and primarily known as Dr Rosanna Wong in public occasions after 1997, is a Hong Kong social work administrator and politician who has served as the Executive Director of the Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups since 1980. 
Before the transfer of sovereignty of Hong Kong, she was appointed as unofficial member of the Legislative Council from 1985 to 1991 and of the Executive Council from 1988 to 1991. She briefly retired from politics in 1991 but was successful to return as unofficial Executive Councillor for a second time in 1992, and was also appointed chairperson of the Hong Kong Housing Authority in the following year. Wong was trusted by the last British colonial Governor of Hong Kong, Chris Patten (later Lord), who chose her to replace Baroness Dunn as the Convenor of the Executive Council (equivalent to the Senior Unofficial Member of the Executive Council) in 1995, thus rising as an influential figure in the final years of the colonial government. In 1997, she was made Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire and became the second Chinese woman, after Baroness Dunn, to be made a Dame in history.
After the transfer of sovereignty of Hong Kong in 1997, Wong was one of the two colonial unofficial members who remained in the new Executive Council under the Government of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. Nevertheless, when the Housing Authority Short-piling Scandal broke out in 1999, Wong, as the chairperson of the Housing Authority, was heavily blamed by the general public of not taking any responsibility. Under public pressure, she subsequently decided to resign from the Housing Authority four days before the Legislative Council passing the motion of no confidence on her and the Director of Housing, Tony Miller in June 2000. However, her resignation did not prevent her and some other government officials from receiving censure in the short-piling scandal investigation report released by the Legislative Council later in January 2003. Following the scandal, Wong ceased to be an unofficial member of the Executive Council in 2002 but was appointed chairperson of the Education Commission from 2001 to 2007. Since 2003, she has also been a Hong Kong member of the CPPCC National Committee of the People's Republic of China.
Besides, Wong plays a role in the business sector in Hong Kong. She has been a non-executive director of the Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation since 1996 and has also been an independent non-executive director of Sir Ka-shing Li's Cheung Kong Holdings since 2001.
Biography.
Early years.
Wong was born on 15 August 1952 in Hong Kong to a family descended from Anxi County of Fujian Province in China. Her parents are Wong Chun Chung and Poon Chor Ying. Both of them were graduates from universities of the mainland China and were considered well-educated class at the time when Wong was born. Wong's father Wong Chun Chung was an overseas Chinese from Singapore. Her mother had been a journalist working in Vietnam before becoming a teacher of St. Stephen's Girls' College later in Hong Kong. Wong is the fourth child in the family. She has three elder sisters and two younger sister and brother. She spent her early years with her family in Shatin and later moved into Kowloon. After entering secondary school, Wong's family resided on Lyttelton Road, Mid-levels, Hong Kong Island. 
Wong entered St. Stephen's Girls' Primary School in 1962 and followed her sisters to enter St. Stephen's Girls' College, where their mother taught, in 1965. Besides Wong, Wong's mother had also been teacher of Regina Ip and Rita Fan, who would become Secretary for Security of the Hong Kong government and the President of the Legislative Council in future respectively. Wong once recalled that her mother's knowledge and attitude to life had deeply inspired her thinking that since secondary three, she had become a volunteer and once joined a gospel rehabilitation group for drug addicts to pay visit to the Kowloon Walled City.
In 1972, Wong graduated from the Girls' College. She was soon successfully enrolled by the University of Hong Kong and decided to major in social work. At first, she was not given a room in any of the residential colleges because she lived too near to the campus. Only when she became a social secretary of St John's College Students' Association in year three of study, she had the chance to move into St John's College. In the university, Wong actively participated in different kinds of student activism and in 1973 she joined a group of the university to visit the mainland China. All these experience influenced her deeply that she decided to commit herself into the field of social work after graduation.
Social work career.
Wong received her degree of social work from the University of Hong Kong in 1975 and was immediately employed by the Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups as a social worker. She was sent to Kowloon West at first and became a supervisor responsible for affairs of teenagers and counseling services in districts including Yau Ma Tei, Sham Shui Po and Tsuen Wan. Wong later received HSBC scholarship from 1974 to 1975, Rotary Foundation Educational Award from 1977 to 1978 and PEO International Peace Scholarship from 1978 to 1979. These scholarships allowed her to further study in the University of Toronto in Canada from 1977 to 1979. After obtaining a master degree of social work from Toronto, Wong returned to the Federation of Youth Group and was immediately promoted as Executive Secretary (Operations). Later in 1980, she was further promoted as General Secretary (later renamed Executive Director) at the age of 28 and thus becoming the leader of the Federation. In this capacity, she has successfully expanded the Federation to be a major teenage service organization in Hong Kong with a total number of 800 employees.
Apart from the Federation, Wong had also involved deeply in a large number of social organizations including a number of local Christian churches. Since 1981, she had also been appointed as a member of the Executive Committee of the Hong Kong Council of Social Service and stepped down in 2005 after more than twenty years of service. From 1984 to 1988, she was appointed to the Subventions and Lotteries Fund Advisory Committee as a member by the government as well. 
In 1982, she was awarded Commonwealth Scholarship, studying social policy and planning in the London School of Economics of the United Kingdom, and obtained her master degree in science in 1983. Two years later she received a diploma of executive management in a course organized jointly by the Chinese University of Hong Kong and the Hong Kong Council of Social Service. In the same year, she was awarded Hong Kong's Ten Outstanding Young Persons' Award.
Legislative and Executive Counsellor.
Wong's brilliance as a social administrator was soon noticed by Governor Sir Edward Youde. In 1985, Sir Edward intended to reform the Legislative Council through appointing professionals from different career sectors to the Council. Under the recommendation of Legislative Councillor, Hui Yin Fat, Wong was appointed as unofficial member of the Legislative Council at a relatively young age of 33 and thus entering politics. Other unofficial legislators newly appointed in that year included barrister-at-law Maria Tam, physician Dr Henrietta Ip Man-Hing and so on.
Since joining the Legislative Council, she had hold a large number of public duties which included court member of the University of Hong Kong, Technical College (later Polytechnic University), Baptist College (later Baptist University) and City Polytechnic (later City University), member of the Hong Kong committee for UNICEF, vice-patron of Mother's Choice, member of the government's Standing Committee on Young Offenders and so on. Besides, from 1987 to 1988 she was appointed honorary advisor to the Social Welfare Department, member of government's Law Reform Commission and Broadcasting Authority from 1987 to 1990, appointed chairwoman of the Social Welfare Advisory Committee from 1988 to 1991 and appointed the first chairwoman of the government's newly created Commission on Youth from 1990 to 1991.
Wong's work in the Legislative Council was deeply impressed by then Senior Unofficial Member of the Legislative Council Lydia Dunn (later Dame and Baroness) that under her promotion, she was further appointed as unofficial member of the government decision-making body, the Executive Council by Governor Sir David Wilson (later Lord) in 1988. On 16 January 1989 Wong was made an unofficial Justice of the Peace and later on the Queen's Birthday in 1990 she was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire for her contribution to the general public.
However, in 1991 Wong suddenly retired from the two Councils and resigned all her public posts. She chose to further her study with her husband Dr Alfred Tam Yat-chung in the United States, trying to save their marriage from divorce. Yet their attempt was fail and they divorced eventually in 1992. Although the divorce was a terrible blow to her, she was able to continue her study while took care of her two children alone. Finally in 1993, she obtained her master degree of arts from the University of California, Davis. A year before graduation, she was also awarded the prize of Global Leader of Tomorrow.
Returning to politics.
In 1991, the Legislative Council introduced direct election for the first time in the history of Hong Kong and the election resulted in the landslide victory of the many new-born local pro-democratic political parties. In order to balance the power in the Council, to show friendliness to the mainland Chinese regime and to ensure that sovereignty of Hong Kong can be transferred smoothly and peacefully in 1997, many appointed or indirectly elected legislators, such as Allen Lee, Selina Chow and Rita Fan came together and formed a more conservative political group, the Co-operative Resources Centre (later renamed Liberal Party) with the support of then Governor Sir David Wilson immediately after the election. Nevertheless, Sir David was soon forced to retire in 1992 and the British policy towards China changed fundamentally. Sir David's successor, Chris Patten no longer continued his policy of gradual reform but endorsed democratic reform in full-swing. Patten believed the Co-operative Resources Centre would become a hindrance to his reform and therefore he refused to support the Centre as Sir David had done. Furthermore, he immediately reshuffled the pro-Sir David's Executive Council after becoming Governor. Except the Senior Member Baroness Dunn, all other members served in Sir David's Executive Council were replaced.
Under this background of wind of change, Wong was appointed back to the Executive Council as unofficial member by Patten in 1992, a year before graduating from the University of California. After returning to Hong Kong politics, she was deeply trusted by the Governor. In 1993, she was appointed chairperson of the Hong Kong Housing Authority, overseeing the policy on the construction of public housing estates. In the same year, she was also appointed chairwoman of the Independent Police Complaints Council. In 1994, she became a member of the Court of the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire. On the contrary, Baroness Dunn, the Senior Member of the Executive Council, was distanced by Governor Patten because she once supported the founding of the Co-operative Resources Centre, and thus her importance in the government faded gradually. Eventually in 1995, Dunn retired from the Council and chose to migrate to England. Wong then was selected to replace Dunn as the last Convenor (equivalent to the post of the Senior Unofficial Member) of the colonial Executive Council by Governor Patten.
As the Convenor of the Executive Council, Wong became an influential figure in the final years of the colonial government. Apart from being appointed non-executive director of the Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation in November 1996, she was chosen as the chairwoman of the ICAC Complaints Committee in the transitional period between 1997 and 1998. In the 1997 New Year Honours, she caught up the last chance before the transfer of sovereignty of Hong Kong that she was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire and therefore became a Dame. Wong was the second Hong Kong woman, after Baroness Dunn, to be made a substantive Dame in history, and was the last person to receive a damehood in the colonial Hong Kong. She received the damehood from Governor Chris Patten in the Government House on 19 April 1997. In the same year, Wong also received her doctorate of sociology from the University of California, Davis. She personally chose to call herself Dr Rosanna Wong rather than Dame Rosanna Wong after 1997 in public occasions.
Since Dame Rosanna had close and intimate ties with the colonial government, there had been rumors before the transfer of sovereignty that she would not be allowed to serve in the new Hong Kong Special Administrative Region's Executive Council, or even the Housing Authority. Yet, the fact was that Wong once served in the colonial Executive Council with the future Chief Executive, Tung Chee Hwa and Tung was impressed by her low-pitched image. Finally in 1997, although Tung chose veteran politician Sir Sze Yuen Chung as Convenor, Wong, along with Raymond Ch'ien Kuo Fung, was invited to stay as unofficial member in the new Executive Council. Wong continued to remain as chairperson of the Housing Authority as well.
In the early years of the Special Administrative Region, Wong was again appointed to different public posts. She has been appointed president of the Hong Kong Schools Music and Speech Association since 1997, appointed president of the English Speaking Union, Hong Kong from 1999 and has become a director of the board of the Dragon Foundation and the chairperson of the World Vision Hong Kong since 2000.
Short-piling Scandal.
Under the "85,000 Housing Policy" suggested by Chief Executive Tung Chee Hwa, the Housing Authority was demanded to build large-scale public housing estates and Home Ownership Scheme estates all over Hong Kong by the government in the early years after the transfer of sovereignty. At one time the Authority was even asked to build not less than 85,000 flats a year, so that more people could enjoy public housing. Nevertheless, because of lacking of efficient monitoring and poor planning, the policy soon became a leak for jerry-building, and a series of short-piling scandals were exposed.
In September 1999, some blocks in Tin Chung Court, a Home Ownership Scheme estate built by the Housing Authority in Tin Shui Wai, were discovered with serious and unusual settlement. Later in January 2000, a Home Ownership Scheme construction site in Yuen Chau Kok, Sha Tin was reported to have the same problem found in Tin Chung Court, and it became known that the pilings of these affected blocks were much shorter than required. The short-piling scandals were followed by a series of discoveries of jerry-building. In March and May of the same year, constructions in the shopping centre of Shek Yam Estate and in the site of Phase 3 of Tung Chung Area 30 were reported extensive non-compliance respectively. The general public was deeply shocked by the series of scandals and the Independent Commission Against Corruption soon carried out investigations into the housing scandals.
Facing the housing scandals, as the chairperson of the Housing Authority, Wong vowed to grasp the opportunity to reform the bureaucratic and corrupted Housing Department. However, she quickly became the target to be blamed by the public opinions. Many civil groups representing residents of the public housing estates reproached Wong for being incompetent to supervise the housing constructions and they demanded her and the Director of Housing, Tony Miller to step down. In June 2000, Secretary for Housing, Dominic S. W. Wong appointed Director of Intellectual Property, Stephen R. Selby as the chairman of the Investigation Panel on Staff Discipline in the Yuen Chau Kok and Tin Chung Court Incidents to see if anyone was derelict in the whole scandal. Apart from the pressure from the government, Democratic Party's legislator Fred Li moved a motion of no confidence on both Rosanna Wong and Tony Miller in the Legislative Council on 9 June. Chief Executive Tung Chee Hwa later paid a special visit to the Legislative Council on 23 June and addressed to the Council Meeting. He hoped the legislators to vote against the motion of no confidence, claiming that if "both of them leave one after another, an administrative and legal vacuum would be created at the top level of the Government".
Despite Tung paid effort trying to save Wong from the scandal, she declared her resignation from the Housing Authority on 24 June 2000, and became the first government official to hold accountability and resign from the government of the Special Administrative Region before the introduction of Principal Officials Accountability System. Four days later, the Legislative Council passed the motion of no confidence on her and Miller with a significant majority, however, Miller had never resigned. The post of chairperson of the Housing Authority was later filled by Dr Cheng Hon-kwan on 1 October.
The scandal did not rest with the resignation of Dame Rosanna. In February 2001, the Legislative Council set up a Select Committee in order to enquire the whole matter in-depth. On 8 May 2001, Wong was summoned to give evidences in front of the committee. In the enquiry, she admitted the risk of jerry-building had been underestimated. Yet, she claimed that the concept of "85,000 Housing Policy" had already existed during the governorship of Chris Patten and the Housing Authority was merely ordered to carry out the long-term housing policy which was planned by the government, not the Authority. Besides, she provided a number of letters to Governor Patten written by her between 1994 and 1996 to the enquiry. One of them, dated December 1996, stated that the Housing Authority could build only 82,000 flats a year and could not fulfill government's intention to build 106,000 flats.
However, when Secretary for Housing, Dominic Wong gave evidences to the enquiry on 12 May, he rebutted what Dame Rosanna had said. Dominic Wong explained that since 1988, it had been the Housing Authority who decided the target amount of public housing flats to be built annually. The government itself had not involved and therefore, figures forecasting the amount of new public housing flats in each year's colonial "Policy Address" had been provided by the Housing Authority instead. He further explained that the government had only started to make their own forecast since 1997, so it was not the case suggested by Rosanna Wong that the Housing Authority had to fulfill the target amount of public housing flats demanded by the government.
After two years of investigation, the Legislative Council's Select Committee released its report on the short-piling scandal in January 2003. Dame Rosanna Wong, Dominic Wong and Tony Miller received different degree of censure in the report. However, the report did not recommend any punishment to them and claimed it was up to the government to punish them or not.
After-Housing Authority.
After resigning from the Housing Authority, Wong started to fade out from Hong Kong politics and retired from the Executive Council in 2002. Besides, she succeeded Antony Leung as Chairperson of the Education Commission from 2001 to 2007. In January 2001, Wong was employed as a non-executive director to the Cheung Kong Holdings by Li Ka-shing|and her employment aroused public concern. Some public opinions feared she had only stepped down from the Housing Authority for only seven months and it was inappropriate for her to be employed to a real property corporation. A few legislators also worried that Wong would no longer represent the interest of social workers by having a closer relationship with the business sector. Yet, she responded that she would only received 5,000 HKD annually as director's emoluments from the directorship and she promised to bring the voice of the social work sector into the corporation.
Since 2003, Wong has been appointed as a Hong Kong member of the CPPCC National Committee of the People's Republic of China. There was little controversy within the pro-Beijing camp of Hong Kong over the appointment since it was the first time for Wong to be admitted to a mainland Chinese official organization. Some criticized she had had pro-British background while some said she had a close friendship with former Chief Secretary, Anson Chan. Yet, all these criticism died out soon.。
Personal life.
Dame Rosanna was married to Dr Alfred Tam Yat-chung, a paediatrician, on 15 September 1979. They had two children, Joyce (born 1981) and Jonathan (born 1985). In 1991, the couple went to study in the United States, during a difficult time in their marriage. They were divorced in 1992, after Alfred began another relationship. While married, she styled herself Mrs Rosanna Tam Wong Yick-ming.

</doc>
<doc id="20343234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343234" title="Flavius Anicius Olybrius">
Flavius Anicius Olybrius

Flavius Anicius Olybrius may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20343261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343261" title="Ctenodus">
Ctenodus

Ctenodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric lungfish which lived during the Carboniferous period.
The fact that the Ctenodus was more of a dominant fish that lived during this period means that this species was one of the larger versions of what we call sharks today.

</doc>
<doc id="20343301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343301" title="Ed McHugh">
Ed McHugh

Ed “Ebbie” McHugh (born June 9, 1930) was a U.S. soccer player who was a member of the 1952 Summer Olympics. He also played for St. Louis Simpkins-Ford in the St. Louis Major League. On October 1, 1996, he was inducted into the St. Louis Soccer Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20343332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343332" title="Louis Devereux">
Louis Devereux

Louis Norman Devereux (born 20 October 1931) is a former English cricketer who played first-class cricket between 1949 and 1960. He played his county cricket for Middlesex, Worcestershire and Glamorgan, and also appeared for Combined Services. He was capped by Glamorgan in 1956.
Devereux made his first-class debut at the age of 17, appearing for Middlesex against Cambridge University at Fenner's in May 1949, though he neither batted nor bowled.
The following month, he played against Oxford University at The University Parks, scoring 32 and 11.
These proved to be his only appearances for Middlesex, and in 1950 and 1951 he played occasionally for Combined Services and Worcestershire, on one occasion in June 1951 turning out for the former against the latter.
Playing for Combined Services against Glamorgan in late May 1951 he hit his maiden first-class half-century in scoring a first-innings 52.
From 1952 onwards Devereux played County Championship cricket for Worcestershire, and the 1953 season saw him send down over 4,000 deliveries, by far the most he bowled in any one season, and take 55 first-class wickets. This was the only time he topped 50, albeit at an average of over 40 and without his ever claiming more than three dismissals in a single innings.
1953 was also a productive summer with the bat for Devereux: he finished it with 732 runs at a little under 21, including four half-centuries. The highest of these, 81 not out against Warwickshire at the beginning of July, remained his highest score for Worcestershire.
He played only the first half of the 1955 season, and in 1956 joined Glamorgan, being awarded his cap in his first year. Although he only took 22 wickets in total, those included the two best innings returns of his career. The first and better of the two came against Yorkshire at Middlesbrough in late July, when he took 6/29 in 17.2 first-innings overs.
Less than a fortnight later, he claimed 5/11 in 11.3 overs, working in tandem with Don Shepherd (5/25 in 18 overs) as Gloucestershire, who had been 61/0, lost all ten wickets for 20 runs.
That summer Devereux also made 93 against Northamptonshire.
He had made 833 first-class runs in 1956, but he surpassed that in 1957 when he managed 1,039, the only occasion on which he reached a thousand.
At the end of May he made what was to remain his only first-class century (although by the end of his career he had reached 50 on no fewer than 23 other occasions), making 108* against Lancashire.
He also hit four more half-centuries during the 1957 season.
Although Devereux's position seemed strong, he was never again to enjoy such a successful season. He did manage just over 700 runs in 1958, but then his form began to desert him,
and while he kept his first-team spot until the middle of 1959, by the end of that summer he was struggling for his place. He played some minor cricket in Argentina in 1959–60,
but when the English summer came around again Devereux found himself out of favour with his county.
He played only five first-class matches in 1960, and after the game against Gloucestershire in early July he was out of the first team for good. He was released by Glamorgan, only discovering his fate when he saw it printed in the local newspaper.
Devereux was a fine player of table tennis, and played for England in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20343335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343335" title="Abdul Wahid al Nur">
Abdul Wahid al Nur

Abdul Wahid Mohamed al Nur (also Abdel Wahid el-Nur and Abdulwahid Mohammed Nour) (1968 –) is the leader of the rebel Sudan Liberation Movement (al Nur) faction. Born in Zalingei, West Darfur, he was educated at the University of Khartoum, where he graduated in 1995 with a law degree before working as a lawyer. 
In June 1992, al Nur and others at the University of Khartoum created the Sudan Liberation Movement. 

</doc>
<doc id="20343337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343337" title="Beggars Banquet (book)">
Beggars Banquet (book)

Beggars Banquet is the second collection of short stories by crime writer
Ian Rankin.
It features 21 stories written between 1991 and 2000. The collection features the novella Death Is Not the End which was later expanded into the novel
Dead Souls. The story Herbert in Motion is concerned with the theft of works of art from the storage facilities of a major Gallery and their replacement with high quality forgeries to avoid detection of the crime, which was also the basis for the 2008 novel Doors Open
Featured Short Stories:

</doc>
<doc id="20343362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343362" title="Alpha Kappa Psi sorority">
Alpha Kappa Psi sorority

Alpha Kappa Psi sorority operated in the United States from 1900 to approximately 1920.
Early history.
In 1900, Alpha Kappa Psi was founded as the first Greek letter sorority on the campus of Saint Mary's School in Raleigh, North Carolina. Rev. Theodore DuBose Bratton, eventual bishop of Mississippi (1903), assisted his students with the creation. The purpose was to "foster the highest ideals of Christian womanhood" (Saint Mary's Archives). The first initiation was held in 1901.
Two Greek lettered literary societies were also founded on campus in 1900: Epsilon Alpha Pi, Sigma Lambda.
Moderate Success.
Baird's Manual of American College Fraternities (1912) categorized AKP with other "women's general fraternities", such as Alpha Chi Omega and Alpha Omicron Pi. Seven active chapters are listed, with total active sisters at 304. Three conventions took place previous to this entry.
The 1915 publication of Baird's categorized the sorority in the "second division" of women's fraternities. This meant that Baird did not see AKP to be of the same status as Alpha Chi Omega and Alpha Omicron Pi. AKP now had five active chapters and five inactives, with a total membership of 377. Two chapters reaffiliated with Delta Delta Delta (Baird's 1915, p. 464).
Demise.
In 1920, the sorority was recategorized as one of the "Miscellaneous Fraternities" in Baird's Manual. Four active chapters are listed:
Fairmont Seminary (Monteagle, Tennessee)
Carnegie Institute of Technology
Gunston Hall (Washington, DC)
Synodical College (Fulton, MO)
The sorority had an approximate total of 487 members (Baird's 1920, p. 675)
Although the date of national dissolution is unknown, Alpha Kappa Psi probably declined sometime after 1920.
Insignia.
There are two different descriptions of the badge. The first, from Saint Mary's Archive, which describes the badge (1909)as "an equilateral triangle bearing in the angles of the Greek letters". The 1912 and 1915 publications of Baird's described the badge as "a triangle divided into three panels, one displaying a scroll carrying a skull and bones, one a key and the third a torch" (p. 464).
The official publication was the Trigonon (Baird's 1915, p. 464).
The colors were blue and gold (Baird's 1915, p. 464).
The flower was the forget-me-not (Baird's 1915, p. 464).
The official symbol, circa 1909, was the skull and bones (Saint Mary's Archives).

</doc>
<doc id="20343379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343379" title="Areobindus Dagalaiphus Areobindus">
Areobindus Dagalaiphus Areobindus

Flavius Areobindus Dagalaiphus Areobindus, commonly simply Areobindus or Ariovindus (, "fl." c. 460–512) was an East Roman (Byzantine) general and politician. The scion of a distinguished line, he led troops in the Anastasian War, and served as consul in 506. During an urban riot in 512, he was proclaimed emperor by the mob, but he had gone into hiding. He died soon after.
Origins and family.
Areobindus was born into an extremely distinguished family, which combined Roman and barbarian heritage: his father was Dagalaiphus (c. 430 – after 461), consul in 461, who in turn was the son of Areobindus, consul in 434, both of Gothic origin. His mother was Godisthea (born c. 445), daughter of Ardabur, general and consul in 447, and granddaughter of Aspar, the powerful Alan general and consul in 434.
Shortly after 478, Areobindus married Anicia Juliana (after 461 – 527/528), daughter of Western Roman emperor Olybrius (r. 472) and his wife Placidia. Together they had a son, Flavius Anicius Olybrius Iunior (c. 480 – after 524/527), consul in 491. Another possible descendant is Dagalaiphus (perhaps by an earlier wife).
Career.
In his consular diptychs, he is listed as having occupied the post of "comes sacri stabuli" (count of the imperial stable), and as having been accorded the title of an honorary consul. With the outbreak of the Anastasian War, he was sent to the East as "magister militum per Orientem" along with the praesental "magistri" Hypatius and Patricius. In May 503, at the head of 12,000 men, he was based at Dara to keep watch at the Persian stronghold of Nisibis and the army of Shah Kavadh I, while Patricius and Hypatius, with the bulk of the army, besieged Amida. There he repelled an attack by a Persian army coming from Singara and pushed them up to Nisibis. Eventually however he was compelled to withdraw when the Persians received reinforcements from their Hephthalite and Arab allies, and retreated to Constantia and then to Edessa. He was besieged there by Kavadh in September, but the onset of winter and the approach of Roman reinforcements forced the Persian ruler to withdraw. In the summer of 504, Areobindus launched a major raid into Arzanene, meeting little opposition and laying waste to large swathes of land before returning to Amida. With the Roman positions stabilized and the war now being carried over into Persian territory, Kavadh agreed to a truce and hostilities ceased in the winter. In 505, he was recalled to Constantinople, where he was awarded the consulship for 506, with Flavius Ennodius Messala as his colleague.
In 512, he was living in Constantinople in retirement. At the time, the open advocation of miaphysite doctrines by Emperor Anastasius had caused great anger among the city's mostly Chalcedonian population. At one point, according to the chroniclers, the city populace took up the cry "Areobindus for emperor" and marched to the house of his wife, Anicia Juliana, to proclaim him. Areobindus however, unwilling to take part in a usurpation, had fled the house and gone into hiding. Nothing further is known of him, although on account of his age he must have died not long after.
Diptychs.
Five examples of his consular diptychs have survived: two complete and three half ones. The two complete ones are located in Lucca () and Zürich (); two halves with the name only are located at Paris and Besançon, and a further half with his titles is preserved at Dijon (, examples .3b, .3d and .3c respectively).

</doc>
<doc id="20343396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343396" title="Bellerbys College">
Bellerbys College

Bellerbys College is a series of four colleges for international students based in the UK (Oxford, Cambridge, London and Brighton), and owned by Study Group International who also operate language schools under the name Embassy. Bellerbys College is coeducational, and teaches students from over 120 different countries.
Programmes.
Bellerbys College offers Pre GCSE and GCSE courses over 3 or 4 terms (1 year), A Level courses over 6 terms (2 years), 5 terms (1½ years) or 3 terms (1 year). The 5 term programme starts in January or April and is suited to students from countries whose academic year is not the standard September to June year. 
The college also offers a foundation programme in which students choose from one of 7 subject streams: Business, Finance and Management, Law and International Relations, Engineering and Computer Science, Management Computing Systems, Science and Pharmacy, Art and Design and Humanities. The Bellerbys College foundation programme is recognised by more than 50 UK universities including Bristol, Nottingham, Leeds, and Lancaster. The Bellerbys College foundation programme is taught and examined to the same standards as A Levels, where applicable, and enables students to prepare for entry into a specific field of study at university while also improving their English and study skills.
In 2009 Bellerbys College introduced a new programme at level 4 of the Framework for Higher Education Qualifications leading to direct entry to year 2 of an undergraduate programme at a UK university. The Undergraduate Year 1 in Business and Management is validated by the University of Sussex and offered at the London, Oxford and Brighton campuses of Bellerbys College. As the most experienced international school Bellerbys College also offers the English Language Preparation Programme as well as IELTS express over 6 weeks.
Results and Awards.
In 2012, Bellerbys College Brighton ranked 29th of all schools in the UK by the Financial Times 2012, for outstanding A Level results and over 1/3 of Foundation students gained places at the top 20 ranked UK universities.
In 2011, the four colleges in London, Oxford, Brighton and Cambridge more than doubled the national average of A* and A grade A Levels with 60% of pupils achieving the two highest grades, and over half of the year’s finishing cohort graduated to the top ten UK universities (according to the Sunday Times University Guide 2011).
Bellerbys has earned 37 Good Schools Guide Awards since 2005 and has won 26 overall.
Bellerbys Cambridge has won:
Bellerbys Brighton has won:
Bellerbys London has won:
In 2010, students that completed their maths A Level studies at Bellerbys Brighton achieved the highest average score of any English independent school.
Location.
The colleges are located in Cambridge, at Queens Campus and Manor Campus , as well as Oxford , Brighton and Greenwich .
History.
Bellerbys College dates back to Davies’s College, founded in London in 1927. Davies’s College was originally set up to prepare students for entrance to Oxford and Cambridge, the Armed Services and the Civil Service. A second branch of Davies’s College was founded in Hove in 1959. Davies’s Tutorial College in Hove as it was then called was based in premises at 44 Cromwell Road in Hove. The college was a tutorial college providing A-levels and A-Level re-sits mainly for British students.
In 1980 Mr Robin Bellerby became principal of Davies College in Hove and the college expanded to occupy neighbouring premises on Cromwell Road. At this time the college expanded its recruitment overseas and the college made links with the Jordanian government, leading to over 30 students from Jordan coming each year to study A Levels on government scholarships. Other students at the college came from Malaysia and Hong Kong.
Later the college was renamed Bellerbys College after the principal became the new owner. In 1991 the college was bought by a group of British businessmen who invested money in recruitment overseas and developed the foundation programme, a one year bridging course enabling international students to enter UK universities at first-year undergraduate level. 
The original Davies’s College in London, which was located at 25 Old Gloucester Street, Queen Square, Bloomsbury, London, continued to operate independently of the college in Brighton until its closure in 1998.
In 1994 the business together with the Embassy schools became British Study Group, later Study Group International, later to become owned by the Daily Mail Group before being sold on to the Australian Champ group. 
In 1996 Bellerbys opened a campus in the north of Cambridge and the following year took over a school in Wadhurst, East Sussex, expanding to cater to growing demand for British education overseas. Then in 1998 a London centre opened on the campus of the Roehampton Institute, University of Surrey (later Roehampton University). The college was based in Downshire House, a grade II Listed building in Roehampton, for four years until moving to custom-built premises in Greenwich which it today shares with Study Group sister company Embassy CES. Bellerbys Cambridge added its Queens Campus in 1999 and an Oxford campus opened on Broad Street in 2002.
Staff.
College principals in 2013 were: Brighton – Mr Nigel Addison and Simon Mower; Cambridge – Mr John Rushton; London – Mr Andy Quin; Oxford – Ms Julia Southby
Scholarships.
The college offers scholarships for A-level study to international students with excellent grades in their home countries. In some countries, the scholarship could be as high as £15,000.
Accreditation.
Bellerbys College is accredited by the British Accreditation Council (BAC) for Independent Further and Higher Education and is on the UK Register of Independent Schools. In 2006 the college in Cambridge won 5 Good Schools Guide Awards for A Level results and in the last two years the colleges have won a further 12 awards in 2008 and 2009 combined.
External links.
Bellerbys College in Brighton
Bellerbys College in Cambridge
Bellerbys College in London
Bellerbys College in Oxford

</doc>
<doc id="20343401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343401" title="Barton Power Station">
Barton Power Station

Barton Power Station was a coal-fired power station in Trafford Park on the Bridgewater Canal, near Eccles in Greater Manchester, England.
History.
The construction of the station began in 1920 and operation began in 1923. The station's original equipment consisted of three Metropolitan-Vickers 27.5 MW turbo-alternators, nine Babcock & Wilcox chain-grate stoked boilers, Mather & Platt auxiliary equipment and British Thomson-Houston switchgear. The station supplied electricity to an area of 3,100 square kilometers and was one of the most advanced power stations of the time. Coal was delivered to the station in barges, using the Bridgewater Canal. The station was extended twice with Metropolitan-Vickers supplying a 40 MW generating set in 1928, followed by an additional 50 MW set in 1938. The station was closed on 18 March 1974 with a reduced generating capacity of 69 MW. At the time the station was co-firing oil. The station was then demolished in 1978 and 1979. The first chimney was demolished in June 1979. A B&Q store now stands on the site of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20343452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343452" title="John Bowles">
John Bowles

John Bowles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20343500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343500" title="2006 Asian Women's Handball Championship">
2006 Asian Women's Handball Championship

The 2006 Asian Women's Handball Championship, the 11th Asian Championship, which was taking place from July 1 to July 5, 2006 in Guangzhou, China. It acts as the Asian qualifying tournament for the 2007 World Women's Handball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20343515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343515" title="Spaceflight IC-1">
Spaceflight IC-1

Spaceflight IC-1: An Adventure in Space is a 1965 BW (Black/White) United Kingdom Sci-Fi movie starring Bill Williams and Norma West. The civilized world is controlled by an all-powerful computerized government that is carefully choosing colonists for its newest space launch. The candidates are selected on the basis of their age, health and IQ. 
The director was Bernard Knowles and the writer was Harry Spalding.
Plot summary.
In the year 2015, spaceship IC-1 (Interstellar Colony #1) travels toward a planet similar to Earth to explore the possibility that the population problem on Earth can eventually be solved there. IC-1 's crew consists of Capt. Mead Ralston (Bill Williams), his wife Jan (Norma West), Drs. Steven (John Cairney) and Helen Thomas (Linda Marlowe), two other married couples, and four people in suspended animation. One year into the voyage, Helen is found to have a fatal pancreatic infection that can only be cured if the ship returns to Earth, but Captain Ralston refuses to turn back; and when he denies her permission to have another child, she commits suicide. 
Steven and some of the other crew members mutiny and imprison Captain Ralston. When Capt. Ralston escapes, he forces the crew to obey him by threatening to destroy the ship. Ralston plans to execute Steven. Ignoring the warnings of the crew, he releases one of the "animates" by raising the temperature of the compartment in which it is suspended, and the "animate" kills him before dying of complications caused by the thawing out process. The ship goes on under Steven's leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="20343529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343529" title="Martyrology of Tallaght">
Martyrology of Tallaght

The Martyrology of Tallaght, which is closely related to the "Félire Oengusso" or "Martyrology of Óengus the Culdee", is an eighth- or ninth-century martyrology, a list of saints and their feast days assembled by Máel Ruain and/or Óengus the Culdee at Tallaght Monastery, near Dublin. The " Martyrology of Tallaght" is in prose and contains two sections for each day of the year, one general and one for Irish saints. It also has a prologue and an epilogue.
"Prologue" and Irish paganism.
The prologue contains a famous verse on the declining pagan faith in Ireland:
"Senchatraig na ngente/iman roerud rudad/itfossa can adrad/amail Lathrach Lugdach."
"Ind locáin rogabtha/dessib ocus trírib/it rúama co ndálib/co cétaib, co mílib."
which reads in translation as
"The old cities of the pagans to which length of occupation has refused are deserts without worship like Lugaid's House-site."
"The little monastic sites that were settled by twos and threes are Romes with multitudes, with thousands."
Title and authorship.
The earliest mention of the "Martyrology of Tallaght" by that name is in the 12th-century "Martyrology of Gorman" ("Félire Uí Gormáin"), written between 1166 and 1174 by Mael Muire Ua Gormáin, abbot of Knock, County Louth. Ua Gormáin attributes the "Martyrology of Tallaght" to Mael Ruain and says that Óengus based his work on it: "...because it was thus in the "Martyrology of Tallaght" of Mael Ruain, out of which he [Óengus] composed his félire".
The 17th-century scholar Michael O'Clery made a copy of the "Martyrology of Tallaght", and headed it "Here begins the Martyrology of Oengus mac Oibleain and Mael Ruain", but he did not give a source for this statement.
The Franciscan John Colgan, another 17th century scholar, pointed out that Óengus and Maelruain could not have completed the "Martyrology of Tallaght" as it stands, as several entries are from periods after the death of both, but he also formed the opinion that the later entries had been made at Tallaght, where Óengus and Maelruain worked together, so justifying Ua Gormáin's use of the name "Martyrology of Tallaght".
Based on oral traditions and on older texts, the work may have been first completed in 790. However, Pádraig Ó Riain of University College, Cork, a leading authority, has argued that the "Martyrology of Tallaght" and the "Martyrology of Oengus" date from about 830. Ó Riain has shown that the general sections of the "Martyrology of Tallaght" are based on a Northumbrian copy of the "Martyrologium Hieronymianum".
Manuscripts.
The earliest surviving manuscript of the work is in a fragment of Áed Ua Crimthainn's 12th-century "Book of Leinster". This consists of ten folios which had been separated from the main volume of the "Book of Leinster" by 1583. These came into the possession of Michael O'Clery in 1627 and were deposited at the Franciscan friary of Donegal. In 1631, the "Martyrology of Tallaght" folios were sent to St Anthony's at Louvain, where John Colgan added some "marginalia". In the late 18th century they passed on to St Isidore's College, Rome, and in 1872 were returned from there to Ireland, to be kept first in the Franciscan convent at Merchant's Quay, Dublin, later at Dun Mhuire, Killiney. In 2000, the manuscript came into the possession of University College, Dublin, where it is known as MS Franciscan A3. This 12th-century manuscript is now lacking the text for some one hundred and fifty days of the calendar, but what is missing is supplied by Michael O'Clery's 17th century transcript.
The related "Martyrology of Oengus the Culdee", which is in verse, survives in a number of other early medieval manuscripts.

</doc>
<doc id="20343556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343556" title="Minuartia groenlandica">
Minuartia groenlandica

Minuartia groenlandica, the Greenland stitchwort or mountain stitchwort, is a rare perennial which grows low to the ground in clumps linked together at the bottom. It has three to five pairs of leaves in a linear opposite pattern along the length of the slender stem. The main stem breaks into one to thirty cymes which each flower separately. The flowers are white and arise five to ten centimeters above the thick foliage. The white flower petals are six to ten millimeters long. The petals are, in turn, surrounded by five green sepals.
The plant exists in many isolated and elevated areas, such as large mountain plateaus. Its range of distribution includes Nunavut, Ontario, Quebec, Newfoundland and Labrador, and Nova Scotia in Canada. In the United States it is found in Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, New York, West Virginia, Virginia, Tennessee, North Carolina, and South Carolina. It is also found in Greenland. Within Nova Scotia this plant is found in Inverness County and along the south shore in only a few areas.
The plant has a peak flowering time of two weeks in the middle of July, although it does flower anywhere between June to August. In this period pollen grains are transported from flower to flower by insects. The most effective insect to transport pollen grains is the bumblebee "Bombus terricola". This is due to tiny hairs on the bee that collect pollen, and the bee's habit of crawling all over the flower in low temperatures when it is too cold to fly.
Greenland stitchwort is found in areas of high elevation where bedrock is exposed. The plant grows on rocky ledges and in fine gravel on slopes. The soil in this area has a pH of 3.1 to 4, and is low in nitrogen and phosphorus, but high in organic matter content. This region is very cloudy, has frequent fog and considerable precipitation. One study area on Mount Washington recorded an annual precipitation average at 1837.5 millimeters, an average wind speed of 50 km/h, and a mean annual temperature of -3.0°C.
"Minuartia groenlandica" was studied for use on roof tops for insulation and urban greenery but was unable to tolerate drought for long enough to be used successfully.
In Nova Scotia the Greenland stitchwort is sensitive to interference by humans and natural events. The conservation status in Nova Scotia is yellow.

</doc>
<doc id="20343581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343581" title="1997 Lipton Championships – Men's Singles">
1997 Lipton Championships – Men's Singles

Andre Agassi was the defending champion but lost in the second round to Scott Draper.
Thomas Muster won in the final 7–6(8–6), 6–3, 6–1 against Sergi Bruguera.
Seeds.
All thirty-two seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20343672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343672" title="2004 Asian Women's Handball Championship">
2004 Asian Women's Handball Championship

The 2004 Asian Women's Handball Championship, the 10th Asian Championship, which was taking place from July 23 to July 25, 2004 in Hiroshima, Japan. It acts as the Asian qualifying tournament for the 2005 World Women's Handball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20343680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343680" title="CD Humanes">
CD Humanes

Club Deportivo Humanes is a team of football in Spain, in the town of Humanes de Madrid in the Community of Madrid. It was founded in 1951 and now plays in "Segunda de Aficionados".
History.
The Club was founded in Humanes in 1951 as the town's main football club.
In 2007, the club achieved direct promotion to Tercera División for the first time in its history after finishing second in their group of Preferente. The team, therefore, debuted in Tercera División in the 2007-08 campaign, struggling to stay in the category and failing to avoid relegation. The following year the club returned to Preferente.
Stadium.
CD Humanes plays its home matches in the town's municipal stadium, "Emilio Zazo", with capacity for 2,000 spectators and artificial turf.

</doc>
<doc id="20343687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343687" title="Joe Tyler">
Joe Tyler

Joe Tyler - (Joseph Tyler) born 1 April 1982 in Halifax, West Yorkshire is a Freestyle skier. He has appeared as a Free rider in various ski movies and skied in the first London Freeze Festival at Battersea Power Station's 2008 snow event. He appeared on Turkish media in 2007 skiing in Erzurum, Turkey. He has spent 2009 living in Mayrhofen in March he travelled to Kashmir with photographer Camilla Stoddart for some extreme skiing(see New Zealand AdventureFall magazine issue 154 & Fall Line Skiing magazine November 2009.) He also travelled to Georgia - ERISTOFF originates from the wild and untamed landscape of Georgia originally named Virshan by the Persians meaning the country of the wolf. Eristoff took professional skier Joe Tyler to the Caucasus mountains of Georgia to sample the slopes and the local hospitality. More information can be found on http://www.metacafe.com/watch/3419799/eristoff_vodka_ski_film_joe_tyler/ He is also in the latest 2009 Run Jump Fly production ski movie "Falling Skies" http://www.downdays.eu/en/whitepaper/falling-skies-download
Tyler started skiing at the age of three and competed in many junior events winning articicial dry slope races. He used to be a FIS registered ski racer competing all over Europe. He moved to freestyle skiing in 2004 winning his debut in the British Big Air ski Championships in 2006 and again 2007 in Laax, Switzerland. He currently competes in international freestyle events and appears in ski movies. He is also a free lance journalist writing articles for ski magazines. He has been a stage 1 New Zealand ski instructor since 2001
He attended North Halifax Grammar School 1996-2000
In 2009, Joe Tyler founded the All Mountain Academy, a Freeski and Performance Coaching Academy, in partnership with fellow accomplished Skiers and Coaches Joe Harkess and David Kling-Odencrants 

</doc>
<doc id="20343689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343689" title="Samuel Dicker">
Samuel Dicker

Samuel Dicker ( died 1760), was an English politician who represented Plymouth in the British House of Commons in the eighteenth century, and was also responsible for the building of the first Walton Bridge in Surrey.
Dicker owned plantations in Jamaica and in 1738 was appointed a Councilor of Jamaica He was also a land-owner of Walton on Thames and created an estate at Mount Felix. In 1750 built the first bridge across the River Thames at Walton at his own expense, obtaining an Act to enable him to do so and levy tolls. The bridge was painted in 1755 by Canaletto who referred to Il Signiore Cavaliere Dicker
In 1754, Dicker was elected Member of Parliament for Plymouth, the port and major Royal Navy base in Devon. He held the seat until his death in 1760. 

</doc>
<doc id="20343713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343713" title="Live File System">
Live File System

Live File System is the term Microsoft uses to describe the packet writing method of creating discs in Windows Vista and later, which allows files to be added incrementally to the media. These discs use the UDF file system.
The "Live File System" option is used by default by AutoPlay when formatting/erasing a CD/DVD -R or -RW.
Compatibility.
Older Windows versions do not have support reading the latest UDF versions. If users create DVD/CDs in Windows Vista using UDF 2.50, these may not be readable on other systems, including Windows XP and older (pre-Mac OS 10.5) Apple systems unless a third-party UDF reader driver is installed. To ensure compatibility of disks created on Windows Vista, UDF 2.01 or lower should be selected.

</doc>
<doc id="20343723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343723" title="Tribal Machine">
Tribal Machine

Tribal Machine is an industrial rock band from Victoria.
History.
Sever Bronny formed the industrial-rock band Tribal Machine in the late 1990s on a foundation of drum machines, synthesizers, guitars and early digital work stations. Originating in London, Ontario, the band is currently based out of Victoria, British Columbia where it has been augmented by the addition of Brian Hartlen (Metatron) on guitar, Brad Wutke (Buyproduct) on bass, and Dustin Flemming on drums. 
Each Tribal Machine album is subtitled as a “chapter”, and Bronny's goal is to produce 10 chapters. The first chapter, The Awakening of the Animal, was released in late 2002 in a limited edition. It is to be re-mastered and re-released in 2011. The second chapter, Soldiers in a War of the Mind, was released in 2006. It introduced tracks like "Black Fly" and "Sand of History," the latter being featured in the 2008 biopunk movie The Gene Generation alongside established industrial acts Combichrist and VNV Nation. The third chapter, The Orwellian Night, is a 16-song concept album broken into four acts. The album tells the story of regular people living in a dystopian future where Big Government has been replaced by Big Business, and where people are forced to pledge allegiance to The Corporation. The album’s title pays homage to the late writer George Orwell, who authored the classics Animal Farm and 1984. As Bronny puts it: "Orwell’s work was a key inspiration behind this album. His depiction of a society controlled by all-powerful Big brother really struck a chord with me. I also wanted to capture an element of madness, which Joel Bakan talked about in his book The Corporation. Joel psychologically analyzed the corporate entity and concluded that it is psychopathic in nature."
Mastered by Tom Baker (Nine Inch Nails, Marilyn Manson, The Matrix), the physical hard copy CD has been released exclusively through the band's website in May 2010, followed shortly by a release on iTunes, Rhapsody, and a host of other digital distribution sources.

</doc>
<doc id="20343725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343725" title="Sonic Diary">
Sonic Diary

Sonic Diary is a two-disc compilation release from Apoptygma Berzerk. The first disc contains a collection of covers the band has recorded over the course of their career while the second disc is a collection of remixes, some of which were previously released and others which were new.
Apoptygma Berzerk also released their "Black EP" in 2006; the ten-song "Black EP" contains several remixes of songs from "You and Me Against the World".

</doc>
<doc id="20343729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343729" title="Agostino Garofalo">
Agostino Garofalo

Agostino Garofalo (born 29 September 1984 in Torre Annunziata, Province of Naples) is an Italian association footballer who plays for Modena on loan from Siena.

</doc>
<doc id="20343764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343764" title="Ted Nevill">
Ted Nevill

Ted Nevill is a British author. He specializes in military history and has contributed to many books on military history. He currently resides in Beith, North Ayrshire where he is the director of the military history picture library, Cody Images. In 2008 Nevill was announced as the Scottish Conservative and Unionist Candidate in the Kilbirnie and Beith by-election.

</doc>
<doc id="20343781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343781" title="Bill Clinton Supreme Court candidates">
Bill Clinton Supreme Court candidates

President Bill Clinton made two appointments to the Supreme Court of the United States, both during his first term.
On March 19, 1993, Associate Justice Byron White announced his retirement (and assumption of senior status), effective at the end of the Supreme Court's 1992-1993 term. President Clinton announced Ruth Bader Ginsburg as White's replacement on June 15, 1993, and she was confirmed by the United States Senate on August 3, 1993.
On April 6, 1994, Associate Justice Harry Blackmun announced his retirement (and assumption of senior status), which ultimately took effect August 3, 1994. President Clinton announced Stephen Breyer as Blackmun's replacement on May 13, 1994, with the United States Senate confirming Breyer on July 29, 1994.
Overview.
Throughout much of the history of the United States, the Supreme Court of the United States was considered the least powerful branch of the government, and nominations to that body, although important, were not the source of great political controversy as they are today. Furthermore, Clinton's Supreme Court nominations were the first by a Democratic president since President Lyndon Johnson's controversial and failed nomination of Abe Fortas to be Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court in 1968.
Politics.
When asked about the kind of justices he would appoint to the Supreme Court, President Bill Clinton insisted that he had no litmus test for his justice, but at the same time, that he only wanted justices who would be pro-choice when it came to abortion. "I will appoint judges to the Supreme Court who believe in the constitutional right to privacy, including the right to choose", Clinton said in an interview on April 5, 1992. In an interview on June 18, 1992, Clinton said, "I don't believe in the litmus test for Supreme Court judges, but I do think that the Court has been so politicized by the recent appointments under the last two presidents that we ought to appoint someone who can provide some balance; someone who everybody will say, 'There is someone who can be a great judge and someone who believes in the Constitution, the Bill of Rights and protecting the rights of ordinary citizens to be let alone from undue intrusion by their government.'" In addition, Clinton said he felt it was unhealthy that the court was dominated by former judges, most of whom, he felt, lacked adequate real-world experience. Clinton also made clear he was interested in shifting the dynamics of the court. "Look, the court is totally fragmented and it's dominated by Republican appointees", he said. "It's not enough for someone to vote the right way. We've got to get someone who will move people, who will persuade the others to join them. It's what Warren (former Chief Justice Earl Warren) did. I want someone like that."
Ruth Bader Ginsburg nomination.
After Byron White announced his retirement on March 19, 1993, Clinton began a weeks-long journey through consideration of an unusually large number of candidates. The name that came up that interested Clinton the most was that of New York Gov. Mario Cuomo. Clinton offered White's seat first to Cuomo, who initially had told confidants that he was willing to take the seat, but then changed his mind and faxed Clinton a letter telling him that his duty to residents of his state was more important than his desire to serve on the court. 
Liberal lawyers wanted Harvard Law professor and constitutional scholar Laurence Tribe, but Clinton and his aides next considered several candidates as "outside-the-box" choices. Clinton played with the idea of nominating a brilliant political philosopher instead of a practicing attorney. Professors Stephen L. Carter of Yale and Michael Sandel of Harvard would have fit the bill, but Clinton then hit upon what he considered to be a "sexy" idea: the nomination of his wife, Hillary Rodham Clinton. However, there was a huge problem associated with such a selection. George Stephanopoulos, a Clinton aide at the time, has written that the idea was dropped because the president's, "choice had to be ratified by the Senate, where Republicans hadn't forgotten the rejection of Robert Bork, and Democrats were reeling from their recent encounters with Zoe Baird, Kimba Wood, and Lani Guinier. Sexy was good, but safe was better. We simply couldn't afford another failed nomination." Stephanopoulos quotes Clinton himself saying, "We don't need another gang-that-couldn't-shoot-straight story."
Clinton then turned to other politicians—first, U.S. Sen. George J. Mitchell of Maine, who declined on the spot, desiring to stay in the Senate and help to pass Clinton's legislation. After Mitchell, Clinton approached his Secretary of Education, Richard Riley, a former South Carolina governor who also said no. "I was a mediocre country lawyer", Riley told Clinton. "This isn't my thing." Clinton next considered his Secretary of the Interior, Bruce Babbitt, a former Arizona governor. Clinton prepared to nominate Babbitt when two problems surfaced—a false published report about gambling debts in Las Vegas and opposition to Babbitt's nomination voiced by Sen. Orrin Hatch, who was the ranking Republican on the United States Senate Judiciary Committee. Hatch had told Clinton that Babbitt's strong pro-environmental views had enraged a group of Republican senators in the western United States who might take revenge either on Babbitt's nomination or on the candidate Clinton nominated to replace him in the Department of the Interior. Clinton chose not to proceed with Babbitt's nomination.
Clinton then turned to existing judges. He considered Eighth Circuit judge Richard S. Arnold, who was not a close friend of Clinton's but who was from Clinton's home state of Arkansas. The president very much wanted to nominate Arnold but feared the nomination might be viewed as cronyism. He then weighed Sixth Circuit judge Gilbert S. Merritt, who was a family friend of Vice President Al Gore. However, a problem surfaced relating to Merritt's tenure as a U.S. attorney in the 1960s, and Clinton decided not to proceed with Merritt. Clinton then asked his staff about Janie Shores, who had been the first woman to serve on the Alabama Supreme Court but who was not well known in Washington, D.C. legal circles. In addition, Shores' constitutional views were completely unknown to Clinton or anyone else on his team. "You are not nominating Janie Shores to the Supreme Court", White House counsel Bernard W. Nussbaum told Clinton. "No one knows who she is. This is insane."
The next name Clinton considered was that of First Circuit judge Stephen Breyer. Clinton's staff had liked Breyer, but given an injury that he had sustained just a few days earlier, Breyer was in a significant amount of pain. During his interview with Clinton, Breyer was short of breath and in pain. Clinton ultimately decided that Breyer seemed "heartless." "I don't see enough humanity", Clinton told his staff. "I want a judge with soul."
Clinton then considered a list of "firsts" for diversity purposes: David Tatel, a Washington lawyer who had served in the Carter Administration who would be the first blind justice; Jose Cabranes, a district court judge who would be the first Hispanic justice, and D.C. Circuit judge Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who, Stephanopoulos writes, "would be the first Jewish justice since Abe Fortas, and the first woman to be appointed by a Democrat. More important, she was a pioneer in the legal fight for women's rights—a female Thurgood Marshall." In addition, Ginsburg was noted as moderate-to-conservative on criminal matters and had a different rationale for supporting "Roe v. Wade" than most liberals: she considered laws banning abortion a form of sex discrimination rather than a violation of privacy. Hatch told Clinton that he would support Ginsburg as well.
At that point, however, Cuomo's son, Andrew Cuomo, contacted Clinton's staff to inquire if the president had made a final decision yet. Mario Cuomo, his son said, believed that Clinton was about to name Breyer to the court and as a result thought that Clinton would not name two white males in a row. As such, the governor believed that his own chances were now or never. Clinton still was interested in nominating Cuomo, telling his staff that the governor "will sing the song of America. It'll be like watching Pavarotti at Christmastime." Clinton then interviewed Ginsburg, and then took a phone call from Cuomo, who backed out of consideration for a second time. The next day, on June 15, 1993, Clinton announced that he had chosen Ginsburg. The Senate confirmed Ginsburg in a 96-3 vote on August 3, 1993. Senators Jesse Helms (R-NC), Don Nickles (R-OK) and Bob Smith (R-NH) voted against the nomination. Donald Riegle (D-MI) did not vote.
Stephen Breyer nomination.
After Harry Blackmun announced his retirement on April 6, 1994, Clinton again asked Mitchell, who had announced that he would not stand for reelection in November 1994, to be his nominee. Mitchell told Clinton that he did not want to be a Supreme Court justice. Clinton also asked Babbitt, who asked not to be considered.
At that point, Clinton again considered Arnold, who had been recommended by over 100 federal judges in a joint letter written after Blackmun had retired. Clinton's willingness to proceed with Arnold, however, was complicated by the fact that Arnold had been diagnosed with low-grade non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in 1976 and who since had suffered from tumors that had spread to other parts of his body. Although Arnold was functioning normally, his doctor told the president that Arnold had cancer all through his body and that there was no way he could say that Arnold's disease "would not interfere" with Supreme Court duties.
Finally, Clinton announced on May 13, 1994 that he would nominate Breyer to the Supreme Court. The Senate confirmed Breyer in an 87-9 vote on July 29, 1994. Senators Conrad Burns (R-MT), Dan Coats (R-IN), Paul Coverdell (R-GA), Jesse Helms (R-NC), Trent Lott (R-MS), Richard Lugar (R-IN), Frank Murkowski (R-AK), Don Nickles (R-OK), and Bob Smith (R-NH) voted against the nomination. Senators David Durenberger (R-MN), Bob Graham (D-FL), Claiborne Pell (D-RI) and Malcolm Wallop (R-WY) did not vote.
Names frequently mentioned.
Following is a list of individuals who were mentioned in various news accounts and books as having been considered by Clinton or being the most likely potential nominees for a Supreme Court appointment under Clinton:

</doc>
<doc id="20343795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343795" title="George Bickham">
George Bickham

George Bickham may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20343804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343804" title="Gissur Petersson">
Gissur Petersson

Gissur Pétursson (born 2 April 1958) is an Icelandic political scientist and economic expert. He was a speaker at the European Free Trade Association Seminar on Services on 6 December 2006. 
Since 1997, Gissur has been the Director General of the Directorate of Labour (of Iceland).

</doc>
<doc id="20343824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343824" title="Charles Thomas Campbell">
Charles Thomas Campbell

Charles Thomas Campbell (August 10, 1823 – April 15, 1895) was an United States Army soldier, and a legislator, businessman, and town mayor. He also served as a Union Army general during the American Civil War, and was seriously wounded several times in the conflict.
Early life and career.
Campbell was born in 1823 in Franklin County, Pennsylvania, and he studied at Marshall College (known now as Franklin & Marshall College) located in Lancaster. In 1846 Campbell served in the U.S. Army during the Mexican–American War, assigned as a second lieutenant in the 8th U.S. Infantry. On February 11, 1847, Campbell was promoted to first lieutenant, and on April 9 he joined the 11th U.S. Infantry. In August 1847 he was promoted to the rank of captain in the 11th U.S. Infantry, and was honorably discharged on August 14, 1848. In 1852 Campbell was elected to the lower house of the Pennsylvania General Assembly.
Civil War service.
At the beginning of the American Civil War in 1861, Campbell chose to follow his home state and the Union cause. He volunteered for service in the state forces on May 29, and was assigned as a captain of Battery A in the Pennsylvania Light Artillery. On August 5 Campbell was promoted to lieutenant colonel in the Pennsylvania Artillery, and to colonel on September 13. On December 20 Campbell participated in the Battle of Dranesville in Fairfax County, Virginia, and he resigned from the state forces on February 1, 1862. 
Joining the Union Army in 1862, Campbell was appointed to command the 57th Pennsylvania Infantry as its colonel. He led the 57th Infantry, part of Brig. Gen. Philip Kearny's division, in the Peninsula Campaign of 1862, fighting at the Battle of Seven Pines on May 31. In the battle Campbell's horse was shot from under him, and he was severely wounded three times. Campbell was hit in the right arm, pelvis, and left leg, and was captured by Confederate soldiers. Despite these injuries Campbell managed to escape later that day. 
With his right arm still in a sling, Campbell led the 57th during the Fredericksburg Campaign in the winter of 1862. At the Battle of Fredericksburg on December 13, he was again seriously wounded, hit in his abdomen and the same right arm. The wound in his belly went through his liver, and Campbell was considered beyond hope and left for dead. He had been appointed a brigadier general in the Union Army on November 29, 1862, but it was never confirmed and this appointment would expire on March 4, 1863.
Partially recovered, Campbell was promoted to brigadier general on March 13, 1863, and given command of the Union District of Wisconsin in the Department of the Northwest on November 7, 1864. He led this district until the end of the war, and was mustered out of the volunteer service on January 15, 1866.
Postbellum.
After the American Civil War, Campbell relocated to the Dakota Territory. He worked as an Inspector of Indian agencies, then a Stage Line operator, and a hotel operator. In 1870 Campbell established a stagecoach stop along the Firesteel Trail, which included his residence, an inn, a general store, and a large horse barn. It grew into the town of Scotland, and he became active in Democratic politics, serving as mayor of the town he helped found. 
Campbell died in Scotland, SD at the age of 71, six days after being injured when he fell from the steps of his hotel on April 9, 1895. He was buried in Yankton City Cemetery, located in Yankton, South Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="20343826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343826" title="Yasutaka Nakata">
Yasutaka Nakata

He has been the producer for girl group Perfume since 2003, and for solo artist Kyary Pamyu Pamyu since 2011. Nakata has worked with several other Japanese pop singers, including Meg, Ami Suzuki and SMAP, and has also remixed songs by other artists, including M-Flo and Leah Dizon. He runs his own label, Contemode, in association with Yamaha. After Towa Tei, he was the second Japanese artist to officially remix Kylie Minogue, contributing a version of her single "Get Outta My Way". He also formed Coltemonikha with singer, model and fashion designer Kate Sakai.
On July 2012, he won the "Creator" award for the "Change Maker of the Year 2012" event.
As of 9 October 2013, Nakata has yielded a total of six number-one albums, mostly under his production with Perfume (four albums and a compilation) and Kyary Pamyu Pamyu (one album).

</doc>
<doc id="20343828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343828" title="Natya-class minesweeper">
Natya-class minesweeper

The Natya class were a group of minesweepers built for the Soviet Navy and export customers during the 1970s and '80s. The Soviet designation was Project 266M Akvamarin. The ships were used for ocean minesweeping.
Design.
The design evolved from the Yurka class minesweeper with new demining equipment including more advanced sonar and closed circuit TV. A stern ramp made recovering sweeps easier. The hull was built of low magnetic steel. The engines were mounted on sound dampening beams and shrouded propellors were used to reduce noise. An electrical field compensator was also installed. A single ship designated Natya 2 by NATO was built with an aluminium hull for reduced magnetic signature
Ships.
Forty five ships were built for the Soviet Navy from 1970 to 1982.
Russian Navy.
13 ships believed to remain in Service
Ukrainian Navy.
2 ships in service
Indian Navy.
12 ships transferred between 1978 and 1988 known as the Pondicherry class minesweeper 
8 Ships will be decommissioned by 2008 and four will be given life extension refits
Libyan Navy.
8 ships transferred 1981-86
Libya.
2 ships captured in February 2011 
Syrian Navy.
One ship in 1986
Yemen Navy.
One ship

</doc>
<doc id="20343856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343856" title="Church of St. Josaphat in Lublin">
Church of St. Josaphat in Lublin

Church of St. Josaphat in Lublin was built by Greek merchants in 1786 upon the consent of king Stanisław August Poniatowski. In the second half of the 19th century the temple which was originally dependent on the patriarch of Constantinople was taken over by the Russian Orthodox Church and in 1922 it became the property of the Roman Catholic Church. At present it is Saint Josaphat's church which until recently was also used by Greek Catholics.

</doc>
<doc id="20343864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343864" title="2002 Asian Women's Handball Championship">
2002 Asian Women's Handball Championship

The 2002 Asian Women's Handball Championship, the 9th Asian Championship, which was taking place from July 26 to July 31, 2002 in Almaty, Kazakhstan. It acts as the Asian qualifying tournament for the 2003 World Women's Handball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20343894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343894" title="Metriocnemus knabi">
Metriocnemus knabi

Metriocnemus knabi, the pitcher plant midge, is an inquiline invertebrate found only in the phytotelma of the purple pitcher plant, "Sarracenia purpurea". In this microcommunity of bacteria, rotifers, protozoa, and other dipteran larva like "Wyeomyia smithii", "M. knabi" specializes by feeding mostly on the carcasses of drowned insects captured by the plant that collect at the bottom of the pitcher.

</doc>
<doc id="20343897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343897" title="Grade I listed buildings in London">
Grade I listed buildings in London

There are over 9,000 Grade I listed buildings in England. Greater London is divided into 32 boroughs and the City of London and contains 589 of these structures. The buildings have been split into separate lists for each district. There are no Grade I listed buildings in the London Borough of Waltham Forest.
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="20343904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343904" title="Siegbert Wirth">
Siegbert Wirth

Siegbert M. Wirth (October 26, 1929 – October 12, 1999) was a U.S. soccer player who was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He played his college soccer at Syracuse University in 1950 and then again from 1952 to 1955. Following his graduation from Syracuse, he entered the U.S. military. While he was a member of the Olympic soccer team, he did not enter a game during the tournament. In 1990 he took over as head coach of the Mynderse Academy Varsity Boys Soccer Team where he took a team that won 2 games the previous season to the league championship. He coached Mynderse for the next 6 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20343916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343916" title="Carl Schultz">
Carl Schultz

Carl Schultz (born September 19, 1939) is a Hungarian-Australian film director.
Early life.
He left his native Budapest during the uprising of 1956 with his brother Otto Schultz. They fled to England, after arriving in London, they moved to Manchester. In 1958, Schultz emigrated to Australia by himself, where he worked for Australian TV, first as a cameraman, and then as a director.
Career.
In 1978, he directed his first feature film, "Blue Fin", starring Hardy Kruger. His more notable film credits include "Careful, He Might Hear You", winner of eight Australian Film Institute Awards, including Best Director and Best Film; "Travelling North", with Leo McKern; and "The Seventh Sign", starring Demi Moore and Jürgen Prochnow.

</doc>
<doc id="20343920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343920" title="The Apopcalyptic Manifesto">
The Apopcalyptic Manifesto

The Apopcalyptic Manifesto is a compilation album by Norwegian futurepop group Apoptygma Berzerk. The album is mostly a compilation of tracks from Soli Deo Gloria and with other early single tracks added. A lot of tracks are exclusive to this release, such as the original version of "Arp", "APB Goes C-64" and "Lidelsens Mening". Also, the "Crisp version" of "Burnin' Heretic" included on the limited edition of this release hadn't been released since it appeared on the "Sex, Drugs & EBM" sampler in 1992. This was also the first time the original vinyl version of "Ashes to Ashes" was released on a CD along with its b-side "Wrack 'Em to Pieces". 

</doc>
<doc id="20343921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343921" title="Austrian presidential election, 2010">
Austrian presidential election, 2010

The Austrian presidential election took place on 25 April 2010. It was the twelfth election of an Austrian head of state since 1951. The candidates were Heinz Fischer, Barbara Rosenkranz (FPÖ) and Rudolf Gehring (CPÖ). Heinz Fischer won with just under 80% of the valid votes. The turnout was on the historic low of about 54%.
Candidates.
Social Democratic Party of Austria.
Incumbent President Heinz Fischer (independent, former member of the Social Democratic Party) announced on 23 November 2009 that he will seek a second term. According to a 27 June 2009, Gallup poll for the newspaper Österreich, Fischer had a job approval rating of 80%.
Austrian People's Party.
There were rumours that the candidate of the Austrian People's Party would be either Governor of Lower Austria Erwin Pröll or president of the Austrian Federal Economic Chamber Christoph Leitl. On 13 October 2009 Pröll announced that he would not run for the Presidency and that he would remain Governor of Lower Austria. Leitl and former governor of Styria Waltraud Klasnic also declined a presidential run. On 25 February 2010, the People's Party announced that it would not nominate a candidate, and would not officially support any candidate.
Freedom Party of Austria.
The Freedom Party announced in June 2009 that it would definitely field a candidate "to prevent Fischer['s reelection]". Possible candidates mentioned included Martin Graf, Norbert Steger, Siegfried Dillersberger, Norbert Gugerbauer, Dieter Böhmdorfer and Wilhelm Brauneder. After the Carinthian branch of the Alliance for the Future of Austria broke away to re-unite with the Freedom Party, it was rumoured that Barbara Rosenkranz would be their candidate. In early January 2010, Heinz-Christian Strache, leader of the Freedom Party, guaranteed that the party would nominate a candidate to assure that Fischer would not run unopposed. On 28 February 2010, Strache announced in the "Kronen Zeitung" that the Freedom Party would nominate Barbara Rosenkranz as its presidential candidate.
Alliance for the Future of Austria.
Alliance for the Future of Austria leader Josef Bucher and General Secretary Stefan Petzner voiced their support for a presidential candidacy of Claudia Haider, widow of former Alliance leader Jörg Haider, by inviting the Greens and the Freedom Party to form a non-partisan committee. Carinthia Governor Gerhard Dörfler spoke out against such a candidacy, because he "wouldn't like to join forces with Heinz-Christian Strache's Party", but nonetheless said that Claudia Haider would be a "good candidate, who could finance her campaign on her own". On 17 August, Haider announced that she would not run for President. On 26 February 2010, Bucher said that he might run as a candidate for his party, because "he could appeal to Party voters". On 1 March 2010, the Alliance announced that Bucher would not stand as a candidate, as the odds were clearly against him and they did not want to waste taxpayers' money.
The Greens – The Green Alternative.
It was expected that former Green Party leader Alexander Van der Bellen might stand in the election, but he stated in January 2009 that if Fischer ran for reelection he would have his support. In June 2009, however, Green party leader Eva Glawischnig stated that the Greens were considering fielding a candidate, and that Van der Bellen would be a very good candidate. By November 2009, there was still no clear decision from the Greens, even though Van der Bellen had ruled out a run for the Presidency on 23 November 2009. On 25 February 2010, the Greens announced they wanted to concentrate on state elections and would not nominate a candidate. After Fischer appeared at an event where the Greens questioned him on a number of issues, with questions submitted by voters via the internet, the Greens on 12 April 2010 officially endorsed his candidacy and called for their voters to vote for him, a first in the party's history.
Christian Party of Austria.
The Christian Party nominated its chairman Rudolf Gehring as a presidential candidate. On 25 March 2010, they announced they had gathered the necessary number signatures to run for president.
Other candidates.
A former judge from eastern Styria, Martin Wabl, who had twice previously tried to run for president, announced on 6 February 2009 that he would run again. Green municipal councillor Ulrich Habsburg-Lothringen, as a descendant of the former ruling house of Austria–Hungary incapacitated by constitutional law to run for Austria's presidency, stated that he wanted to test the law at Austria's constitutional court if his candidacy is not permitted. Bernhard Gregor Honemann (nominated by the platform agenda2020.at) also planned to run. None of these candidates obtained the 6000 signatures necessary to run for president. The signatures submitted were:
Voter statistics.
According to the federal election commission, 6,355,800 Austrian citizens aged 16+ were eligible to vote in the presidential election. Compared with the 2004 presidential election, the number of eligible voters increased by 324,818, or 5.4% – primarily due to lowering the legal voting age to 16 between the two elections. 3,307,366 women and 3,048,434 men were eligible to vote.
Total number of eligible voters by state:
Results.
Heinz Fischer beat Barbara Rosenkranz by scoring 79.3% of the vote. Rosenkranz received 15.2%. Rudolf Gehring came third by scoring 5.4%.
Opinion polls had placed Fischer in a good position on the day of the election.
Fischer thanked the nation on television: "I am extremely happy and thank the Austrian population for having so much confidence in me".
Poor voter turnout - only 53.6% voted - led again to calls by leaders for the post to be abolished.

</doc>
<doc id="20343944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343944" title="Declan's Moon">
Declan's Moon

Declan's Moon (foaled 2002 in Maryland) is a retired American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. He was the leading American two-year-old of 2004, a year in which he was undefeated. His subsequent career was retricted by injuries.
Background.
Declan's Moon is a "tall, rangy" gelding, bred by Brice Ridgely who named him after his grandson. Jay Em Ess Stable purchased Declan's Moon for $125,000 at the 2003 Fasig-Tipton Midlantic September yearling sale. Declan's Moon was conditioned for racing by Ron Ellis.
Racing career.
Declan's Moon won his debut as a two-year-old on July 31, 2004, at California's Del Mar Racetrack.He followed this with wins in the Grade II Del Mar Futurity and the Grade III Hollywood Prevue Stakes. The colt ended the season with a win in the Grade I Hollywood Futurity. His undefeated season resulted in Declan's Moon being voted the Eclipse Award as the American Champion Two-Year-Old of 2004.
Declan's Moon began his three-year-old season with a win in the March 5, 2005, Santa Catalina Stakes and was the early favorite for the Kentucky Derby until a knee injury sidelined him for several months. Back in training in the fall, Declan's Moon sustained a fracture at the top of his cannon bone that kept him out of racing until July 2006, when he returned to finish a solid second in a non-stakes event at Hollywood Park Racetrack. However, the colt was beaten again in his ensuing four starts, finishing last in three of them. He did not win another race until July 2007, when he captured a six-furlong minor event at Hollywood Park. This was his last win, and he was retired with a record of one win in his final thirteen starts.
Retirement.
Declan's Moon was retired to Merryland Farm in Bel Air, Maryland.
In late 2012, Declan's Moon was one of four retired Thoroughbred race horses to be selected for the Retired Racehorse Training Project's "100 Day Challenge" designed to demonstrate the versatility of Thoroughbreds by introducing them to new equestrian disciplines, including dressage, eventing, equitation, show jumping, and foxhunting. At the end of the challenge, in March 2013, Declan's Moon, the 2004 Eclipse Award-winning, undefeated two year old by Malibu Moon, was voted in a landslide the horse best suited for dressage. He represented Country Life Farm and is owned by Samantha Siegel of Jay Em Ess Racing. "Declan's Moon's incredible movement shatters the myth that the racing industry no longer produces horses suited for sport at the top levels," said RRTP founder and president Steuart Pittman. "He was not only the fastest horse of his crop, but is also exactly what sport horse breeders are trying to produce for the show ring."

</doc>
<doc id="20343981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20343981" title="Rudolf Kippenhahn">
Rudolf Kippenhahn

Rudolf Kippenhahn (born 24 May 1926, in Pernink, Czechoslovakia) is a German astrophysicist and science author.
Biography.
Professor Dr. Rudolf Kippenhahn originally studied mathematics and physics at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg before changing to Astronomy. From 1975 to 1991, Professor Kippenhahn was director of the Max Planck Institute For Astrophysics in Garching, Munich, Germany. Since 1991, Dr. Kippenhahn has been an active published author in Goettingen, trying to popularise astronomical science research, in the same vein as Stephen Hawking's writing, for which he won the Bruno H. Bürgel prize. His books cover such diverse topics as astronomy, cryptology and atomic physics. In the year 2005, Dr. Kippenhahn was honoured by the Royal Astronomical Society with the Eddington medal for his scientific research into the computation of the structure of star and of stellar evolution.

</doc>
<doc id="20344012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344012" title="Milky Way Liberation Front">
Milky Way Liberation Front

Milky Way Liberation Front () is a 2007 South Korean film.
Plot.
Yeong-jae is dumped by his girlfriend as he struggles writing the script for his new film. As the pressure mounts, he develops aphasia.

</doc>
<doc id="20344021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344021" title="Kathleen Battle discography">
Kathleen Battle discography

This is a list of recordings of Kathleen Battle (born 13 August 1948), an African-American operatic soprano. The list includes live and studio recordings available in audio CD, VHS and DVD. Five of the recordings listed here won Grammy Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="20344039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344039" title="Mamadou Seck (politician)">
Mamadou Seck (politician)

Mamadou Seck is a Senegalese politician who was President of the National Assembly of Senegal from 2008 to 2012. He was briefly Minister of Finance in 2001, and he was Minister of Infrastructure, Equipment and Transport from 2002 to 2006. He has also served as Mayor of Mbao.
Political career.
Seck was Director-General of the Handling and Shipping Company ("Société de manutention et de transit", Somicoa) in the 1980s. In connection with a case regarding the diversion of proceeds from the sale of food aid, Seck was given a two-year suspended sentence in 1988. Seck denied wrongdoing.
In the government of Prime Minister Mame Madior Boye, appointed on 12 May 2001, Seck was included as Minister of the Economy and Finance. However, his appointment caused attention to be focused on his conviction in the late 1980s, and as a result he promptly resigned from the government on 23 May 2001. According to Seck, he felt this was necessary due to the nature of the allegations and the doubts some had regarding his moral integrity. He was subsequently cleared of wrongdoing by the Court of Appeal in Dakar.
Seck was later appointed to the government as Minister of Infrastructure, Equipment and Transport on 6 November 2002. He held that post until 1 February 2006, when Habib Sy was appointed to replace him. In the June 2007 parliamentary election, Seck was elected to the National Assembly on a departmental list of the Sopi Coalition. He then became the President of the National Assembly's Finance, General Economy, Planning, and Cooperation Committee.
After Macky Sall, the President of the National Assembly, was removed from his position, Seck was elected as President of the National Assembly on 16 November 2008. There were 130 votes in favor of Seck and three against him.

</doc>
<doc id="20344044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344044" title="APBL98">
APBL98

APBL98 (short for Apoptygma Berzerk Live 1998) is Apoptygma Berzerk's first live album containing live recordings from concerts all across Europe. It was mainly recorded with DAT-tape recorders borrowed from Stephan's father, Jan Groth and has been described by Stephan as a "commercial bootleg album" due to its quality.
Track listing.
All tracks by Stephan Groth. Except track 18.
Media disc.
The album also contained an interactive CD-ROM disc that could be played on either a PC or a Macintosh, that contained an extensive documentary of the tour filmed with a handheld camera, an interview about the Mourn track, a music video for Deep Red, a sort of "live" music video for Enjoy the Silence and an interactive menu.

</doc>
<doc id="20344068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344068" title="Franklin H. Walker House">
Franklin H. Walker House

The Franklin H. Walker House was a private residence located at 2730 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It was also known as Doctor's Hospital. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985, but subsequently demolished.
Description.
The Franklin H. Walker House was a two-and-one-half-story structure, constructed of brown brick and rock-faced limestone. The massive Neo-Jacobean house was irregular in both floorplan and in height. A medieval-influenced octagonal tower with a pointed roof projected from one corner of the house; at the other corner, a two-story, three-sided bay window unit projected from the main bulk of the house. The gable roof was covered with tiles; walls at the gable ends terminated in fractables.
History and significance.
This home was built in 1896 for Franklin H. Walker, a son of Hiram Walker and president of the Hiram Walker Distillery. The house was notable for its immense size, diverse building materials, and medieval motif. The house was used until 1980 as Doctor's Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20344103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344103" title="List of Scleroderma species">
List of Scleroderma species

This is a list of species on the fungal genus "Scleroderma".

</doc>
<doc id="20344106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344106" title="Currency intervention">
Currency intervention

Currency intervention, also known as exchange rate intervention or foreign exchange market intervention, is the purchase or the sale of the currency on the exchange market by the fiscal authority or the monetary authority, in order to influence the value of the domestic currency.
Purposes.
There are many reasons for the authority to intervene the foreign exchange market.
Some general consensuses are related to adjusting the volatility or changing the level of the exchange rate. First, governments always prefer to stabilize the exchange rate’s oscillation, because excessive short-term volatility erodes the market confidence and affects both the financial market and the real goods market. When there is an inordinate instability, exchange rate uncertainty generates extra costs and reduces profits for firms. As a result, investors are unwilling to make investment in foreign financial assets. Firms are reluctant to engage in the international trade. Moreover, the exchange rate fluctuation would spill over into the financial markets. If the exchange rate volatility increases the risk of holding domestic assets, then prices of these assets would also become more volatile. The increased volatility of financial markets would threaten the stability of the financial system and make monetary policy goals more difficult to attain. Therefore, authorities conduct currency intervention. In addition, when economic conditions changes or when the market misinterprets economic signals, authorities use the foreign exchange intervention to correct exchange rates, in order to avoid overshooting of either direction.
Moreover, in recent years, another possible reason for intervention, profitability, has been brought forward. Some literature has presented significant profits from intervention (Sweeney 1997). Although few governments confess that profitability is a motivation for intervention, some monetary authorities admit that it is a useful gauge of their success in convincing the public for currency intervention.
Types.
Currency intervention could be classified into different categories according to its characteristics.
Sterilization.
Depending on whether it changes the monetary base or not, currency intervention could be distinguished between sterilized intervention and nonsterilized intervention.
Nonsterilized intervention.
Nonsterilized intervention is a policy that alters the monetary base. Specifically, authorities affect the exchange rate through purchasing or selling foreign money or bonds with domestic currency.
For example, aim at decreasing the exchange rate/price of the domestic currency, authorities could purchase foreign currency bonds. During this transaction, extra supply of domestic currency will drag down domestic currency price, and extra demand of foreign currency will push up foreign currency price. As a result, the exchange rate drops.
Sterilized intervention.
Sterilized intervention is a policy that attempts to influence the exchange rate without changing the monetary base. The procedure is a combination of two transactions. First, the central bank conducts a nonsterilized intervention by buying (selling) foreign currency bonds using domestic currency that it issues. Then the central bank “sterilizes” the effects on the monetary base by selling (buying) a corresponding quantity of domestic-currency-denominated bonds to soak up the initial increase (decrease) of the domestic currency. The net effect of the two operations is the same as a swap of domestic-currency bonds for foreign-currency bonds with no change in the money supply. With sterilization, any purchase of foreign exchange is accompanied by an equal-valued sale of domestic bonds, and vice versa.
For example, desiring to decrease the exchange rate/price of domestic currency without changing the monetary base, authorities purchase foreign-currency bonds, the same action as in the last section. After this action, in order to keep the monetary base, governments conduct a new transaction, selling an equal amount of domestic-currency bonds, so that the total money supply is back to the original level.
Spot and forward markets intervention.
According to the time used to settle the transaction, currency intervention could be labeled as spot market intervention and forward market intervention.
Effectiveness.
Nonsterilization intervention.
In general, there is a consensus in the profession that non-sterilized intervention is effective. Similarly to the monetary policy, nonsterilized intervention influences the exchange rate by inducing changes in the stock of the monetary base which, in turn, induces changes in broader monetary aggregates, interest rates, market expectations and ultimately the exchange rate. As we have shown in the previous example, the purchase of foreign-currency bonds leads to the increase of home-currency money supply and thus a decrease of the exchange rate.
Sterilization intervention.
On the other hand, the effectiveness of sterilized intervention is more controversial and ambiguous. By definition, the sterilized intervention has little or no effect on domestic interest rates, since the level of the money supply has remained constant. However, according to some literature, sterilized intervention can influence the exchange rate through two channels: the portfolio balance channel and the expectations or signaling channel (Mussa 1981).
Examples.
Swiss Franc.
As the late-2000s global financial crisis hit Switzerland, the Swiss franc appreciated, “owing to a flight to safety and to the repayment of Swiss franc liabilities funding carry trades in high yielding currencies”. On March 12, 2009, the Swiss National Bank (SNB) announced that it intended to buy foreign exchange to prevent the Swiss franc from any further appreciation. Affected by the SNB purchase of Euros and US dollars, Swiss franc weakened from 1.48 against the euro to 1.52 in a single day. At the end of 2009, the currency risk seemed to be solved; the SNB changed its attitude to preventing substantial appreciation. Unfortunately, the Swiss franc began to appreciate again. Thus, the SNB stepped in one more time and intervened at a rate of more than CHF 30 billion per month. By the end of June 17, 2010, when the SNB announced the end of intervening, it had purchased an equivalent of USD 179 billion of Euros and US dollars, amounting to 33% of Swiss GDP. Furthermore, in September 2011, the SNB influenced the foreign exchange market again, and set a minimum exchange rate target of SFr 1.2 to the Euro.
Japanese Yen.
From 1989 to 2003, the Japanese economy was suffering from a long deflationary period. On June 2003, over a 15 month period, the Japanese central bank intervened in the YEN/USD currency markets by creating over 35 trillion Yen of currency ("printing" money). This currency was then used to buy 320 billion U.S. dollars, which were in turn invested into U.S. treasuries. This increased the supply of yen, weakening the yen against the dollar, improving exports and lifting Japan out of a deflationary period. At the same time, the U.S. was lifted out of the 2001-2003 recession with the ability to keep interest rates low, despite growing trade and government deficits.
Chinese Yuan.
When a consumer in the U.S. buys a Chinese product, Chinese manufacturers are paid in US dollars. These U.S. dollars are then deposited in a U.S. bank account. At this point, the Chinese exporter needs to convert dollars into yuan. Through its commercial bank it sells the U.S. dollars to the Chinese central bank, the People's Bank of China. Since the trade between the United States and China does not balance, there is a shortage of yuan and a surplus of U.S. dollars in the Chinese central bank (therefore the Yuan must be 'created'). The usual remedy to this situation used in international trade would be for the Chinese central bank to sell its dollars on international currency markets and buy yuan in exchange, resulting in a self-correcting system: the U.S. dollar weakens and the Chinese yuan strengthens, until equilibrium is restored and the trade gap closes.
However, in order to avoid this situation (which would decrease Chinese exports), the Chinese central bank chooses a different solution: it slows the appreciation of the Yuan, or in some cases effectively pegs the CNY against the USD. The central bank net buys USD, then sterilizes the excess dollar flows by buying dollar-denominated assets, such as U.S. treasuries. This has the effect of keeping the excess dollars out of the currency exchange markets, where they would cause a correction in the exchange rates. Thus, the Chinese central bank manipulates the exchange rates by creating yuan and buying U.S. debt. This "printing" of Chinese Yuan by the central bank is not without consequence, however, since in excess (if yuan are created faster than domestic economic output) it would eventually lead to inflation, causing consumer prices to rise.
United States and the Great Depression.
During the 1920s, the U.S. government "sterilized" gold in-flows from Europe used to purchase products, in an effort to prevent the U.S. dollar from strengthening and hurting the export economy. This set the stage for the Great Depression, as it caused the money supply of gold in Europe to shrink (deflation).

</doc>
<doc id="20344130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344130" title="Paulus (consul 496)">
Paulus (consul 496)

Flavius Paulus ("floruit" 496) was a politician of the Eastern Roman Empire.
Life.
Paulus was the brother of Anastasius I. In 496 he was appointed consul without colleague. He married Magna; they had a daughter, Irene, who married Olybrius, a member of the House of Theodosius.

</doc>
<doc id="20344140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344140" title="APBL2000">
APBL2000

APBL2000 is the second live concert album by Apoptygma Berzerk containing live recordings from their "Welcome To Earth Tour". It was released on July 31, 2001 through Metropolis Records in the US, and Warner Music Group in Europe. Live footage of the tour is available on DVD and VHS.

</doc>
<doc id="20344155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344155" title="Electrical grid">
Electrical grid

An electrical grid is an interconnected network for delivering electricity from suppliers to consumers. It consists of generating stations that produce electrical power, high-voltage transmission lines that carry power from distant sources to demand centers, and distribution lines that connect individual customers.
Power stations may be located near a fuel source, at a dam site, or to take advantage of renewable energy sources, and are often located away from heavily populated areas. They are usually quite large to take advantage of the economies of scale. The electric power which is generated is stepped up to a higher voltage-at which it connects to the transmission network.
The transmission network will move the power long distances, sometimes across international boundaries, until it reaches its wholesale customer (usually the company that owns the local distribution network).
On arrival at a substation, the power will be stepped down from a transmission level voltage to a distribution level voltage. As it exits the substation, it enters the distribution wiring. Finally, upon arrival at the service location, the power is stepped down again from the distribution voltage to the required service voltage(s).
Term.
The term "grid" usually refers to a network, and should not be taken to imply a particular physical layout or breadth. Grid may also be used to refer to an entire continent's electrical network, a regional transmission network or may be used to describe a subnetwork such as a local utility's transmission grid or distribution grid.
History.
Since its inception in the Industrial Age, the electrical grid has evolved from an insular system that serviced a particular geographic area to a wider, expansive network that incorporated multiple areas. At one point, all energy was produced near the device or service requiring that energy. In the early 19th century, electricity was a novel invention that competed with steam, hydraulics, direct heating and cooling, light, and most notably gas. During this period, gas production and delivery had become the first centralized element in the modern energy industry. It was first produced on customer’s premises but later evolved into large gasifiers that enjoyed economies of scale. Virtually every city in the U.S. and Europe had "town gas" piped through their municipalities as it was a dominant form of household energy use. By the mid-19th century, electric arc lighting soon became advantageous compared to volatile gas lamps since gas lamps produced poor light, tremendous wasted heat which made rooms hot and smoky, and noxious elements in the form of hydrogen and carbon monoxide. Modeled after the gas lighting industry, the first electric utility systems supplied energy through virtual mains to light filtration as opposed to gas burners. With this, electric utilities also took advantage of economies of scale and moved to centralized power generation, distribution, and system management.
With the realization of long distance power transmission it was possible to interconnect different central stations to balance loads and improve load factors. Interconnection became increasingly desirable as electrification grew rapidly in the early years of the 20th century. Like telegraphy before it, wired electricity was often carried on and through the circuits of colonial rule.
Charles Merz, of the Merz & McLellan consulting partnership, built the Neptune Bank Power Station near Newcastle upon Tyne in 1901, and by 1912 had developed into the largest integrated power system in Europe. In 1905 he tried to influence Parliament to unify the variety of voltages and frequencies in the country's electricity supply industry, but it was not until World War I that Parliament began to take this idea seriously, appointing him head of a Parliamentary Committee to address the problem. In 1916 Merz pointed out that the UK could use its small size to its advantage, by creating a dense distribution grid to feed its industries efficiently. His findings led to the Williamson Report of 1918, which in turn created the Electricity Supply Bill of 1919. The bill was the first step towards an integrated electricity system. 
The more significant Electricity (Supply) Act of 1926 led to the setting up of the National Grid. The Central Electricity Board standardised the nation's electricity supply and established the first synchronised AC grid, running at 132 kilovolts and 50 Hertz. This started operating as a national system, the National Grid, in 1938.
In the United States in the 1920s, utilities joined together establishing a wider utility grid as joint-operations saw the benefits of sharing peak load coverage and backup power. Also, electric utilities were easily financed by Wall Street private investors who backed many of their ventures. In 1934, with the passage of the Public Utility Holding Company Act (USA), electric utilities were recognized as public goods of importance along with gas, water, and telephone companies and thereby were given outlined restrictions and regulatory oversight of their operations. This ushered in the "Golden Age of Regulation" for more than 60 years. However, with the successful deregulation of airlines and telecommunication industries in late 1970s, the Energy Policy Act (EPAct) of 1992 advocated deregulation of electric utilities by creating wholesale electric markets. It required transmission line owners to allow electric generation companies "open access" to their network. The act led to a major restructuring of how the electric industry operated in an effort to create competition in power generation. No longer were electric utilities built as vertical monopolies, where generation, transmission and distribution were handled by a single company. Now, the three stages could be split among various companies, in an effort to provide fair accessibility to high voltage transmission. In 2005, the Energy Policy Act of 2005 was passed to allow incentives and loan guarantees for alternative energy production and advance innovative technologies that avoided greenhouse emissions.
Features.
Structure of distribution grids.
The structure, or "topology" of a grid can vary considerably. The physical layout is often forced by what land is available and its geology. The logical topology can vary depending on the constraints of budget, requirements for system reliability, and the load and generation characteristics.
The cheapest and simplest topology for a distribution or transmission grid is a "radial" structure. This is a "tree" shape where power from a large supply radiates out into progressively lower voltage lines until the destination homes and businesses are reached.
Most transmission grids require the reliability that more complex "mesh networks" provide. If one were to imagine running redundant lines between limbs/branches of a tree that could be turned in case any particular limb of the tree were severed, then this image approximates how a mesh system operates. The expense of mesh topologies restrict their application to transmission and medium voltage distribution grids. Redundancy allows line failures to occur and power is simply rerouted while workmen repair the damaged and deactivated line.
Other topologies used are "looped" systems found in Europe and "tied ring" networks.
In cities and towns of North America, the grid tends to follow the classic "radially fed" design. A substation receives its power from the transmission network, the power is stepped down with a transformer and sent to a bus from which feeders fan out in all directions across the countryside. These feeders carry three-phase power, and tend to follow the major streets near the substation. As the distance from the substation grows, the fanout continues as smaller laterals spread out to cover areas missed by the feeders. This tree-like structure grows outward from the substation, but for reliability reasons, usually contains at least one unused backup connection to a nearby substation. This connection can be enabled in case of an emergency, so that a portion of a substation's service territory can be alternatively fed by another substation.
Geography of transmission networks.
Transmission networks are more complex with redundant pathways. For example, see the map of the United States' (right) high-voltage transmission network.
A wide area synchronous grid or "interconnection" is a group of distribution areas all operating with alternating current (AC) frequencies synchronized (so that peaks occur at the same time). This allows transmission of AC power throughout the area, connecting a large number of electricity generators and consumers and potentially enabling more efficient electricity markets and redundant generation. Interconnection maps are shown of North America (right) and Europe (below left).
In a synchronous grid all the generators run not only at the same frequency but also at the same phase, each generator maintained by a local governor that regulates the driving torque by controlling the steam supply to the turbine driving it. Generation and consumption must be balanced across the entire grid, because energy is consumed almost instantaneously as it is produced. Energy is stored in the immediate short term by the rotational kinetic energy of the generators.
A large failure in one part of the grid - unless quickly compensated for - can cause current to re-route itself to flow from the remaining generators to consumers over transmission lines of insufficient capacity, causing further failures. One downside to a widely connected grid is thus the possibility of cascading failure and widespread power outage. A central authority is usually designated to facilitate communication and develop protocols to maintain a stable grid. For example, the North American Electric Reliability Corporation gained binding powers in the United States in 2006, and has advisory powers in the applicable parts of Canada and Mexico. The U.S. government has also designated National Interest Electric Transmission Corridors, where it believes transmission bottlenecks have developed.
Some areas, for example rural communities in Alaska, do not operate on a large grid, relying instead on local diesel generators.
High-voltage direct current lines or variable frequency transformers can be used to connect two alternating current interconnection networks which are not synchronized with each other. This provides the benefit of interconnection without the need to synchronize an even wider area. For example, compare the wide area synchronous grid map of Europe (above left) with the map of HVDC lines (below right).
Redundancy and defining "grid".
A town is only said to have achieved grid connection when it is connected to several redundant sources, generally involving long-distance transmission.
This redundancy is limited. Existing national or regional grids simply provide the interconnection of facilities to utilize whatever redundancy is available. The exact stage of development at which the supply structure becomes a "grid" is arbitrary. Similarly, the term "national grid" is something of an anachronism in many parts of the world, as transmission cables now frequently cross national boundaries. The terms "distribution grid" for local connections and "transmission grid" for long-distance transmissions are therefore preferred, but "national grid" is often still used for the overall structure.
Interconnected Grid.
Electric utilities across regions are many times interconnected to allow for a variety of advantages. First is the fact that electric utilities benefits from its nature of being large and interconnecting utilities allows for economies of scale. Second, utilities can draw power from generator reserves from a different region in order to ensure continuing, reliable power and diversify their loads. Interconnection also allows regions to have access to cheap bulk energy by receiving power from different sources. For example, one region may be producing cheap hydro power during high water seasons, but in low water seasons, another area may be producing cheaper power through wind, allowing both regions to access cheaper energy sources from one another during different times of the year. Neighboring utilities also help others to maintain the overall system frequency and also help manage tie transfers between utility regions. 
Aging Infrastructure.
Despite the novel institutional arrangements and network designs of the electrical grid, its power delivery infrastructures suffer aging across the developed world. Four contributing factors to the current state of the electric grid and its consequences include:
Modern trends.
As the 21st century progresses, the electric utility industry seeks to take advantage of novel approaches to meet growing energy demand. Utilities are under pressure to evolve their classic topologies to accommodate distributed generation. As generation becomes more common from rooftop solar and wind generators, the differences between distribution and transmission grids will continue to blur. Also, demand response is a grid management technique where retail or wholesale customers are requested either electronically or manually to reduce their load. Currently, transmission grid operators use demand response to request load reduction from major energy users such as industrial plants.
With everything interconnected, and open competition occurring in a free market economy, it starts to make sense to allow and even encourage distributed generation (DG). Smaller generators, usually not owned by the utility, can be brought on-line to help supply the need for power. The smaller generation facility might be a home-owner with excess power from their solar panel or wind turbine. It might be a small office with a diesel generator. These resources can be brought on-line either at the utility's behest, or by owner of the generation in an effort to sell electricity. Many small generators are allowed to sell electricity back to the grid for the same price they would pay to buy it. Furthermore, numerous efforts are underway to develop a "smart grid". In the U.S., the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and Title XIII of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 are providing funding to encourage smart grid development. The hope is to enable utilities to better predict their needs, and in some cases involve consumers in some form of time-of-use based tariff. Funds have also been allocated to develop more robust energy control technologies.
Various planned and proposed systems to dramatically increase transmission capacity are known as super, or mega grids. The promised benefits include enabling the renewable energy industry to sell electricity to distant markets, the ability to increase usage of intermittent energy sources by balancing them across vast geological regions, and the removal of congestion that prevents electricity markets from flourishing. Local opposition to siting new lines and the significant cost of these projects are major obstacles to super grids. One study for a European super grid estimates that as much as 750 GW of extra transmission capacity would be required- capacity that would be accommodated in increments of 5 GW HVDC lines. A recent proposal by Transcanada priced a 1,600-km, 3-GW HVDC line at $3 billion USD and would require a corridor wide. In India, a recent 6 GW, 1,850-km proposal was priced at $790 million and would require a wide right of way. With 750 GW of new HVDC transmission capacity required for a European super grid, the land and money needed for new transmission lines would be considerable.
Future trends.
As deregulation continues further, utilities are driven to sell their assets as the energy market follows in line with the gas market in use of the futures and spot markets and other financial arrangements. Even globalization with foreign purchases are taking place. Recently, U.K’s National Grid, the largest private electric utility in the world, bought New England’s electric system for $3.2 billion. See the SEC filing dated March 15, 2000 Here Also, Scottish Power purchased Pacific Energy for $12.8 billion. Domestically, local electric and gas firms begin to merge operations as they see advantage of joint affiliation especially with the reduced cost of joint-metering. Technological advances will take place in the competitive wholesale electric markets such examples already being utilized include fuel cells used in space flight, aeroderivative gas turbines used in jet aircrafts, solar engineering and photovoltaic systems, off-shore wind farms, and the communication advances spawned by the digital world particularly with microprocessing which aids in monitoring and dispatching.
Electricity is expected to see growing demand in the future. The Information Revolution is highly reliant on electric power. Other growth areas include emerging new electricity-exclusive technologies, developments in space conditioning, industrial process, and transportation (for example hybrid vehicles, locomotives).
Emerging smart grid.
As mentioned above, the electrical grid is expected to evolve to a new grid paradigm--smart grid, an enhancement of the 20th century electrical grid. The traditional electrical grids are generally used to carry power from a few central generators to a large number of users or customers. In contrast, the new emerging smart grid uses two-way ﬂows of electricity and
information to create an automated and distributed advanced energy delivery network.
Many research projects have been conducted to explore the concept of smart grid. According to a newest survey on smart grid, the research is mainly focused on three systems in smart grid- the infrastructure system, the management system, and the protection system.
The infrastructure system is the energy, information, and communication infrastructure underlying of the smart grid that supports 1) advanced electricity generation, delivery, and consumption; 2) advanced information metering, monitoring, and management; and 3) advanced communication technologies. In the transition from the conventional power grid to smart grid, we will replace a physical infrastructure with a digital one. The needs and changes present the power industry with one of the biggest challenges it has ever faced.
A smart grid would allow the power industry to observe and control parts of the system at higher resolution in time and space. It would allow for customers to obtain cheaper, greener, less intrusive, more reliable and higher quality power from the grid. The legacy grid did not allow for real time information to be relayed from the grid, so one of the main purposes of the smart grid would be to allow real time information to be received and sent from and to various parts of the grid to make operation as efficient and seamless as possible. It would allow us to manage logistics of the grid and view consequences that arise from its operation on a time scale with high resolution; from high-frequency switching devices on a microsecond scale, to wind and solar output variations on a minute scale, to the future effects of the carbon emissions generated by power production on a decade scale. 
The management system is the subsystem in smart grid that provides advanced management and control services. Most of the existing works aim to improve energy efﬁciency, demand proﬁle, utility, cost, and emission, based on the infrastructure by using optimization, machine learning, and game theory. Within the advanced infrastructure framework of smart grid, more and more new management services and applications are expected to emerge and eventually revolutionize consumers' daily lives.
The protection system is the subsystem in smart grid that provides advanced grid reliability analysis, failure protection, and security and privacy protection services. We must note that the advanced infrastructure used in smart grid on one hand empowers us to realize more powerful mechanisms to defend against attacks and handle failures, but on the other hand, opens up many new vulnerabilities. For example, NIST pointed out that the major benefit provided by smart grid, the ability to get richer data to and from customer smart meters and other electric devices, is also its Achilles' heel from a privacy viewpoint. The obvious privacy concern is that the energy use information stored at the meter acts as an information rich side channel. This information could be mined and retrieved by interested parties to reveal personal information such as individual's habits, behaviors, activities, and even beliefs.

</doc>
<doc id="20344160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344160" title="SS Uhenfels">
SS Uhenfels

SS "Uhenfels" was a steam merchant ship operated initially by the German shipping firm "Deutsche Dampfschiffahrts-Gesellschaft Hansa", and then shortly after the start of the Second World War by the British Elder Dempster Lines Ltd, as SS "Empire Ability". She was sunk under this name in 1941 by a German U-boat.
Construction, early career and capture.
The "Uhenfels" was built in 1931 at the Bremen yards of Deschimag Werk Weser, being completed for service with DDG Hansa in March that year. Built as one of four early heavy lift ships for DDG Hansa, she was designed to carry locomotives and other large cargo. She operated for several years under this name, until the outbreak of the Second World War saw her outside Germany. She made a number of attempts to sail back, before making her third attempt, departing Lourenço Marques on 13 October 1939, bound for Germany and disguised as the Dutch merchant "Aagtekerk". She was carrying opium, worth £250,000, as well as cotton and hides. Three of her crew deserted before the ship sailed from Lourenço Marques. They made their way to Zululand, where they were arrested by the police and brought to Maritzburg. After being fined, they were interned in South Africa for the duration of the war.
During her crossing of the Atlantic she ran into Force K, a number of British ships that had been deployed in search of the German commerce raider the "Admiral Graf Spee". Attached to the force was the aircraft carrier , whose aircraft had spotted another disguised German merchant the previous month, when on 9 October they had sighted the German tanker "Altmark". The "Altmark" had been disguised as the American "Delmar", and consequently had escaped unmolested. The "Uhenfels" was not so fortunate. Detected on 5 November the aircraft reported the German ship, and the destroyer was directed to secure the German merchant. The crew attempted to scuttle the ship but a boarding party from the "Hereward" was able to prevent this. The captured ship was brought into Freetown the following day. The 61 crew were marched off to a prison camp ashore, defiantly singing Nazi songs. By the time she had been captured the "Uhenfels" was running short of food. "Uhenfels" was then taken to Gibraltar for drydocking and inspection, arriving on 18 March. She arrived at London on 5 April 1940, the first captured German vessel to arrive in port there. Her cargo consisted maize, palm kernels and other foodstuffs from the West Indies. She was also carrying 122 tanned sheepskins, which were offered for sale by public tender "in prize".
SS "Empire Ability".
The "Uhenfels" was taken into service with the British, being renamed "Empire Ability" in April 1940 by the Ministry of War Transport. She was assigned to be operated by Elder Dempster Lines and sailed in a number of convoys. On 23 October 1940 she was among those bombed and damaged by German aircraft while waiting in Gare Loch for a convoy to assemble. On 27 February 1941 the Italian submarine "Bianchi" attacked Convoy OB 290, and claimed to have scored a probable hit on the "Empire Ability". The "Empire Ability" was not a part of this convoy however.
"Empire Ability" was a part of convoy SL 78 though, when it was attacked by on 27 June 1941. "Empire Ability" was carrying a cargo of 7,725 tons of sugar, 238 tons of rum, 400 tons of kernels and 35 tons of fibre, and was under the command of her master Herbert Flowerdew. The convoy was then 200 miles southeast of the Azores. "U-69"s commander, Jost Metzler, made several attacks, sinking the at 0149 hours, and hitting the "Empire Ability" at 0237 hours with a single torpedo. The "Empire Ability" caught fire and was abandoned, sinking at 21 minutes after having been hit. Only two people were killed, with a total of 107 crew, gunners, military personnel and assorted passengers successfully abandoning ship. The survivors were picked up by the SS "Amerika" and transferred to the corvette . They were subsequently landed at Milford Haven. Those lost on "Empire Ability" are commemorated at the Tower Hill Memorial, London.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Ability" had the UK Official Number 167423. "Uhenfels" used the Code Letters DOKS. "Empire Ability" used the Code Letters GQJY.

</doc>
<doc id="20344164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344164" title="Penguin Cafe">
Penguin Cafe

Penguin Cafe is a band originally conceived by Arthur Jeffes, son of Simon Jeffes and Emily Young, as a continuation of his father's project, the Penguin Cafe Orchestra. Penguin Cafe's current ten-person line-up was originally brought together in 2009, featuring a group of musicians ranging from "luminaries from The Royal College of Music to members of bands such as Suede and Gorillaz". The group produced their first album, "A Matter of Life..." in 2010, which was released on their own Penguin Cafe label. Despite the similarities in genre and name, the group is distinguished from the original Penguin Cafe Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="20344172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344172" title="VC Dynamo-Yantar Kaliningrad">
VC Dynamo-Yantar Kaliningrad

VC Dynamo-Yantar Kaliningrad is a Russian women's volleyball club. It was established in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20344194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344194" title="Lee Hyun-Seung (footballer)">
Lee Hyun-Seung (footballer)

Lee Hyun-Seung (born December 14, 1988) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for Chunnam Dragons.
On 17 January 2011, Lee Hyun-Seung joined Chunnam Dragons on loan from FC Seoul for 1 year and signed a permanent deal after his loan stint.

</doc>
<doc id="20344207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344207" title="Azerbaijan–United Kingdom relations">
Azerbaijan–United Kingdom relations

Azerbaijani–British relations are foreign relations between Azerbaijan and the United Kingdom. Azerbaijan has an embassy in London. The United Kingdom has an embassy in Baku. Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE).
History.
The history of Azerbaijani–British relations date back to the British expedition was sent from Baghdad to Baku in 18 January 1920, to prevent Azerbaijan's valuable oilfields falling under the control of the Germany and the Ottoman Empire. Nicknamed the Dunsterforce, it was commanded by General Lionel Dunsterville. The Dunsterforce arrived in Baku in August 1918. After the Battle of Baku, the Dunsterforce withdrew to Persia in September 1918. The Dunsterforce remained in Baku until 1920, when the Bolshevik advance made it impossible for them to stay. During this time, de facto diplomatic relations existed between the Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan and the British Empire through the British High Commissioner in the Caucasus, which located in Tbilisi.

</doc>
<doc id="20344212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344212" title="Aaron Brown (financial author)">
Aaron Brown (financial author)

Aaron C. Brown (born November 27, 1956) is an American author and risk manager. He wrote "Red-Blooded Risk: The Secret History of Wall Street"", The Poker Face of Wall Street" and "A World of Chance" (with Reuven and Gabrielle Brenner). He is a regular columnist for "Wilmott Magazine" and "Quantum Magazine". At the Global Association of Risk Professionals annual convention in February 2012, Aaron Brown was named risk manager of the year.
He is best known for the idea that the economics of modern global derivatives evolved from gambling games rather than older financial institutions, and that gambling remains at the core of economic life.
Biography.
Brown was born in Seattle, Washington. Both in college and graduate school he was a professional poker player and did active financial trading for his own account.
In 1982 he moved to New York and held a variety of financial jobs including portfolio manager (Prudential Financial), trader and head of Mortgage Securities (Lepercq, de Neuflize), risk manager (JPMorgan Chase, Rabobank, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley and AQR Capital Management) and has taught at Fordham and Yeshiva Universities.
Aaron Brown won the 2011 GARP risk manager of the year award, Aaron is the Chief Risk Manager at AQR Capital Management.
References.
[http://www.garp.org/risk-news-and-resources/risk-manager-of-the-year/risk-manager-of-the-year/aaron-brown.aspx]

</doc>
<doc id="20344252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344252" title="ATP World Tour 500 series">
ATP World Tour 500 series

The ATP World Tour 500 series (previously known as the Grand Prix Super Series, ATP International Series Gold and the Championship Series) is the third highest tier of men's tennis tournament after the four Grand Slam tournaments, and the ATP World Tour Masters 1000.
The series includes 11 tournaments, with a number of 500 rankings points to win for the events' singles champions – which accounts for the name of the series. Tournaments have various draws of 32, 48 and 56 for singles and 16 and 24 for doubles. It is mandatory for leading players to enter at least four 500 events, including at least one after the US Open; if they play fewer than four, or fail to play in one after the US Open they get a "zero" score towards their world ranking for each one short.
Rafael Nadal holds the record for most titles won from this series. Juan Martin del Potro holds the record for most titles won in a calendar year with four. 

</doc>
<doc id="20344253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344253" title="William Catton">
William Catton

William Catton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20344286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344286" title="Probus (consul 502)">
Probus (consul 502)

Flavius Probus ("fl". 502–542) was a politician of the Eastern Roman Empire and relative of the Emperor Anastasius I.
Biography.
Probus was the nephew of Eastern Roman Emperor Anastasius I and a cousin of the brothers Hypatius and Pompeius; he was probably the son of Paulus (consul in 496) and his wife Magna. According to some recent prosopographical studies, he might have married a daughter (b. ca 480) of Sabinianus (ca 460 - after 505), Roman Consul in 505, and had Flavius Anastasius Paulus Probus Sabinianus Pompeius (ca 500 - after 517), consul in 517.
He was a Monophysite and a friend of the monk Severus (who later became Patriarch of Antioch), whom Probus introduced to Anastasius when the former went to Constantinople, around 508.
In 502 he was appointed consul by the East court. In 519, during the investigation around Peter of Apamea, he was cheered along with Hypatius.
In 526 (when he had been probably appointed to the high office of "magister militum", surely already a "patricius") Probus was sent by the Emperor Justin I as the ambassador to the Huns; the emperor gave him money to hire Hunnic mercenaries to defend the Iberian from the Persians, but Probus gave the money, with the consent of Justin, to the missionaries who worked among the Huns.
In 528 he was accused of slandering Emperor Justinian I; brought in trial before the consistory, the Emperor tore up the documentation and forgave Probus.
In January 532, Justinian faced a dangerous uprising, known to history as the Nika revolt. The rebels needed a candidate to the throne in opposition to Justinian, and Probus believed that as a nephew of Anastasius, the people could choose him or one of his cousins, and for this reason he secretly withdrew from Constantinople. The rebels went to the house of Probus, near the port of Julian, and having not find him, burned his house; they then acclaimed Hypathius emperor. After turning off the revolt, Justinian put to death Hypatius and banished Probus, confiscating their properties, but the following year he changed his mind and called Probus back, restoring what was taken away.
Probus was still alive in 542, when he leased one of his houses to John of Ephesus.

</doc>
<doc id="20344289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344289" title="CD Fortuna">
CD Fortuna

Club Deportivo Fortuna are a Spanish football team from Leganés, in the Madrid outskirts. Founded on 1968, they currently play in "Preferente". They play shirts with green stripes, and red. Their home stadium is the "Estadio de La Fortuna", which seats 3,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="20344311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344311" title="Yurka-class minesweeper">
Yurka-class minesweeper

The Yurka class were a group of minesweepers built for the Soviet Navy and export customers between 1963 and 1970. The Soviet designation was Project 266 Rubin.
Design.
A new ocean minesweeper design was requested in 1957 to follow the T43 class minesweeper into the Soviet Navy. The design was approved in 1959 and entered service in 1963. Major improvements in mine detection and anti mine explosion protection were implemented. Magnetic, acoustic and electric signatures were reduced. The hull was built of low magnetic steel.
Ships.
Soviet Navy.
About 41 ships were built for the Soviet Navy, One ship was lost to an accidental explosion in the Black Sea in 1989. All the Ships were decommissioned by the mid-1990s
Egyptian Navy.
Fours ships transferred in 1969 - in service 2008
Vietnam Navy.
Two ships transferred in 1979 - in service 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20344312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344312" title="Hollywood Prevue Stakes">
Hollywood Prevue Stakes

The Hollywood Prevue Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race held annually at Hollywood Park Racetrack in Inglewood, California. Raced in November, the Grade III event is open to two-year-old horses. It is contested on Cushion Track synthetic dirt at a distance of seven furlongs.
Records.
Speed record:

</doc>
<doc id="20344321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344321" title="Jung Hoon">
Jung Hoon

Jung Hoon (; born August 31, 1985) is a South Korean football player. He has played for Sangju Sangmu.
References.
Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors website

</doc>
<doc id="20344353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344353" title="Mahmoud Abd El-Aty">
Mahmoud Abd El-Aty

Mahmoud Samna () (born November 1, 1983) is an Egyptian football defender who currently plays for Egyptian Premier League side Petrojet.
Career.
Samna is one of the most famous defenders in the Egyptian Premier League, known for his strong style of play. A fighting, hard-working defender, who also has very good attacking headers.
At the start of the 2007-2008 season, when the manager Mohamed Amer was under pressure from fans after losing a number of matches, Samna was caught on camera going to the away stand of the Cairo International Stadium to calm the Al-Ittihad Al-Iskandary fans down himself, and asking them to stop chanting against his manager.
His headed goal for Al-Ittihad Al-Iskandary at Petrojet in the final days of the 2007-2008 season is one of the most famous in the Alexandrian club's history, as it kept them from being relegated for the first time from the Egyptian Premier League.
He joined Asyut Petroleum from Al-Ittihad Al-Iskandary in 2008 for a record club salary fee. In summer 2009, he rejected offers from El Zamalek and Ismaily and signed for Petrojet for around €100,000.
Transfer Speculation.
It has been reported that he was going to sign for Turkish Super Lig club Galatasaray in summer 2009 and prior to this, African champions Al-Ahly, in January 2009.
In March 2010, he received an offer from Finnish Veikkausliiga club FC Lahti, which Petrojet rejected.
International career.
He has been a regular international for the Under-18 Egypt and played for the Under-20 Egypt as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20344370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344370" title="Sabinianus (consul 505)">
Sabinianus (consul 505)

Flavius Sabinianus ("floruit" 505–508) was a politician and a general of the Eastern Roman Empire.
Life.
Sabinianus was the son of Sabinianus Magnus, a "magister militum per Illyricum" (479–481), and the brother of Moschianus, who was consul in 512. He married a niece of emperor Anastasius I and was the father of Anastasius Paulus Probus Sabinianus Pompeius Anastasius, consul in 517.
In 505 he held the consulship, while in 508 he was appointed "magister militum per Illyricum". He had a big and well-equipped army, but near "Horreum Margi" he was defeated by the combined armies of the Huns, led by Mundo, and of the Ostrogoths, led by Pitzias. After the defeat, he went with few survivors to the fortress of Natus.

</doc>
<doc id="20344376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344376" title="Social presence theory">
Social presence theory

Social presence theory was developed by John Short, Ederyn Williams, and Bruce Christie, although its main thesis and major points would appear to have been first described twenty years previously in the 1956 Isaac Asimov novel: "The Naked Sun" .
Classification.
Social presence theory classifies different communication media along a one-dimensional continuum of "social presence", where the degree of social presence is equated to the degree of "awareness" of the other person in a communication interaction (Sallnas, Rassmus-Grohn, & Sjostrom, 2000). According to social presence theory, communication is effective if the communication medium has the appropriate social presence required for the level of interpersonal involvement required for a task. On a continuum of social presence, the face-to-face medium is considered to have the most social presence, and written, text-based communication the least. It is assumed in social presence theory that in any interaction involving two parties, both parties are concerned both with acting out certain roles and with developing or maintaining some sort of personal relationship. These two aspects of any interaction are termed interparty and interpersonal exchanges (Short, Williams, & Christie, 1976).
Emergence of the Social Presence Theory.
As computer-mediated communication has evolved a more relational view of social presence has emerged. Social presence has come to be viewed as the way individuals represents themselves in their online environment. It’s a personal stamp that indicates that the individual is available and willing to engage and connect with other persons in their online community. Social presence is demonstrated by the way messages are posted and how those messages are interpreted by others. Social presence defines how participants relate to one another which in turn affects their ability to communicate effectively (Kehrwald, 2008). 
Seldom, if ever, do traditional curriculum designers intentionally consider social presence in course design. Face-to-face (F2F) courses with their groupings of people in the same place at the same time, their reliance on communication skills used in daily life, and their delivery of sight, sound, smell (and maybe touch – let’s hope not taste) awareness of others sharing space inherently provide an awareness of the presence of others among members. While in itself this produces awareness of others, we may only loosely call it social presence. However, for most, it suffices. For online courses, the opposite is generally true.
The lack of cues for the physical presence of others in an online classroom and the lack of passive connection between users brought about by technology that facilitates discussion but not connection across distances requires designers and teachers to account for and construct replicates of these in an online classroom. And while there still exists F2F curriculum wherein the development of social presence is left to happenstance, there is no room between success and failure in an online course when it comes to the need to develop social presence. Studies have found that academic performance can actually be inhibited due to lack of social presence in online classrooms. Without social presence learning interaction suffers, which has negative effects on learning performance (Wei, Chen, & Kinshuk, 2012). 
However, more recent developments in online education combine the use of both asynchronous (preproduced content accessed individually by students on the web) and synchronous (real-time, simultaneous live connections of students together) components. Depending on the technology used, synchronous sessions can provide both audio and video connection, allowing an interchange involving both sight and sound, and all the rich nonverbal communication inherent in tone of voice and facial expression. While smell, taste and touch remain inaccessible still, the look, actions and sound of one's colleagues now readily are. And as result, a much more full social interchange is possible with the potential to greatly increase social presence.
Definition.
Trying to define social presence is a difficult matter as researchers are not in agreement themselves over what this phenomenon encompasses. There is no consistent definition for social presence within research literature yet. Social presence has been defined as “a measure of the feeling of community that a learner experiences in an online environment” (Tu and McIssac, 2002). Other researchers have defined social presence as the awareness of others in an interaction combined with an appreciation of the interpersonal aspects of that interaction (Short, Williams, and Christie, 1976; Rice, 1993; Walther, 1992). Gunawardena (1995) argued that social presence varied in perception and was a subjective issue based upon objective qualities. Yet in spite of these variations, the role of social presence in the success of students is agreed upon and the need to design for it is in agreement.
Looking deeper in to the definitions and explanations of social presence, researchers have offered that social presence is more of a combination of factors that present themselves in a way so as to develop greater intimacy within a group that has a positive effect on the individual’s affective filters. Several researchers have suggested that intimacy and immediacy are contributing factors to social presence with intimacy defined as a measure of communication involving eye contact, proximity and body language (Argyle and Dean, 1965; Burgeoon, et al., 1984) and immediacy defined as the psychological distance between two parties that is conveyed through verbal and nonverbal cues in speech (Walther, 1992).
Social presence was originally studied in connection with F2F, audio and interactive television encounters. The emergence of computer-mediated communication (CMC) in education and training provided an entirely new series of variables and characteristics to already existing social presence models that hitherto had not been encountered. How this new medium of connection and communication interacted with existing models and how the understanding of social presence up to that point played into providing quality in distance learning opened new research as the century turned. Our understanding of what it is and what its role is continues to grow. Yet in spite of our growing understanding of social presence, we do know that its role in distance learning is significant, its ignorance can be catastrophic, and its effective incorporation in online learning remarkable.
Significance.
Social presence is a significant feature for improving instructional effectiveness in any setting, and one of the most significant features of distance education. Tu (2000,2001) argued that within distance learning, social presence rests upon three dimensions, social context, online communication, and interactivity. Social contexts contribute to a predictable degree of perceived social presence. Social contexts involve task orientation (Steinfield, 1986), privacy (Steinfield, 1986), topics (Argyle and Dean, 1965; Walther, 1992), social relationships (Walther, 1992) and social process (Walther, 1992). As an example, when a conversation is task based and public without a sense of community being in place, the perception of social presence is low and affective filter (a communication blockage brought about by negative emotional feelings) is high.
Conclusion.
Steinfield (1986) found that task complexity, interdependence, uncertainty and perceived need to communicate over distances were positively associated with increasing online communication. Walther (1992) argued that social relationships could stimulate changes in discourse as well. In examining text-based CMC (e-mails) of conference participants, Walther found that participants began developing impressions of other participants from their communications. These impressions developed into visual interpretations of the other, developed a sense of intimacy and identification between participants, which led to greater perceptions of social presence.
Gunawardena (1991) argued that a purely text-based communication system (e-mail, discussion boards and chat) rests upon the assumption that people using such a system have already developed a level of comfort with the technology that allow the person to effectively use it. This assumption repeatedly proves to be a false assumption to all online instructors. Gunawardena argued further that text-based communications should account for not all users having a level of comfort in its use. Courses or conferences that will rely heavily on such a system for communication should begin with light and casual conversation in areas that the user has a lot of familiarity and can devote more resources to gaining a comfort level with the technology. Later work by Palloff and Pratt (1999, 2003) validated Gunawardena’s recommendation in their call for establishing learning communities among online users at the very beginning of courses. In doing so, Palloff and Pratt argue that affective filters are lowered. While not in the same words, they hint to the building of social presence.
Finally, interactivity involves the activities and communication styles online users engage in. Norton (1986) identified eleven communication styles that can be associated with online communications (impression-leaving, contentious, open, dramatic, dominant, precise, relaxed, friendly, attentive, animated, and image). What style participants use in communicating, especially the style teachers use, will impact social presence. Too much rigidity to one style alone or poor use of all styles in the facilitation of conversations will have a negative effect on social presence.
In their 2002 study on social presence, Tu and McIssac declared, “Social presence positively influences online instruction; however, frequency of participation does not represent high social presence.” In both a quantitative and qualitative analysis of 51 volunteers’ interactions, Tu and McIssac found that social context was more qualitative (a learned skill set rather than a prescriptive set of actions) to achieve positive impact, online communication was more strongly related to quantifiable and organizational skills of participants, and that interactivity was a combination of skill sets and communication styles used in combination. As a result, Tu and McIssac identified the following variables that had strong positive effects on the fueling or perception of social presence.
While research in social presence is ongoing, researchers are confidently recommending designing online and e-format courses for its presence along the three dimensions we have discussed. By building trust online, providing social “hand holding” support up front in any course using CMC and promoting informal relationships, teachers and instructors can provide a strong sense of social presence, increase sense of community, and in turn increase interaction among participants.
References.
Argyle, M., Dean, J.. (1965). Eye contact, distance and affiliation. "Sociometry, 28"(3), 289-304.
Burgoon, J.K., Buller, B., Hale, J.L., deTurck, M.. (1984). Relational messages associated with nonverbal behaviors. "Human communication research, 10"(3), 351-378.
Gunawardena, C. N. (1995). Social presence theory and implications for interaction collaborative learning in computer conferences. "International journal of education telecommunications, 1" (2/3): 147-166.
Kehrwald, B. (2008). Understanding Social Presence in Text-Based Online Learning Environments. "Distance Education, 29"(1), 89-106.
Norton, R. W. (1986). Communicator style in teaching: Giving good form to content. In J. M. Civikly (Ed.), "Communicating in college classrooms" (pp. 33-40). San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.
Palloff, R. M., Pratt, K. (1999). "Building learning communities in cyberspace: Effective strategies for the online classroom". San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.
Palloff, R. M., Pratt, K. (2003). "The virtual student". San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.
Rice, R. E. (1993). Media appropriateness: Using social presence theory to compare traditional and new organization media. "Human Communication Research, 19"(4), 451-484.
Sallnas, E. L., Rassmus-Grohn, K., & Sjostrom, C. (2000). Supporting presence in collaborative environments by haptic force feedback. "ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction, 7"(4), 461–476.
Short, J. A., Williams, E., & Christie, B. (1976). "The social psychology of telecommunications". London: Wiley.
Steinfield, C. W. (1986). Computer mediated communication in an organizational setting: Explaining task-related and socioeconomical uses. In M. L. McLaughlin (Ed.), "Communication yearbook 9" (pp. 777-804). Newbury Park, CA: Sage.
Tu, C. H. (2000). On-Line learning migration: From social learning theory to social presence theory in CMC environment. "Journal of network and computer applications 23"(1), 27-37.
Tu, C. H. (2001). How Chinese perceive social presence: An examination of an online learning environment. "Educational media international, 38"(1), 45-60.
Tu, C. H., & McIssac, M.. (2002). The relationship of social presence and interaction in online classes. "The American journal of distance education, 16"(3), 131-150.
Walther, J. B. (1992). Interpersonal effects in computer-mediated interaction: A relational perspective. "Communication research, 19"(1), 52-90.
Wei, C., Chen, N., & Kinshuk. (2012). A model for social presence in online classrooms. "Educational Technology Research And Development, 60"(3), 529-545.
Wiener, M., & Mehrabain, A. (1968). "Language within language: Immediacy, a channel in verbal communication". New York; Appleton-Century-Crofts.

</doc>
<doc id="20344387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344387" title="Kim In-Ho">
Kim In-Ho

Kim In-Ho (; born 9 June 1983) is a South Korean football player. He was involved in a match fixing scandal that ended his K-League career. He formerly played for Chunnam Dragons, Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors and Jeju United.

</doc>
<doc id="20344409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344409" title="Moschianus (consul 512)">
Moschianus (consul 512)

Flavius Moschianus ("floruit" 512) was a politician of the Eastern Roman Empire; he was appointed consul for 512.
Life.
Moschianus was a son of Sabinianus Magnus, "magister militum per Illyricum" (479-481), and the brother of Sabinianus, consul in 505. He married a niece of the emperor Anastasius I; their son Anastasius Paulus Probus Moschianus Probus Magnus was consul in 518.

</doc>
<doc id="20344441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344441" title="Felix Bernard">
Felix Bernard

Felix Bernard (April 28, 1897–October 20, 1944) was an American conductor, pianist and a composer of popular music. His writing credits include the popular songs "Winter Wonderland" (with lyricist Richard B. Smith) and "Dardanella".
Biography.
Felix Bernard was born Felix William Bernhardt to a Jewish family in New York City on April 28, 1897, and died in Los Angeles, California, on October 20, 1944. A professional pianist from childhood, his early musical studies were with his father, and his formal musical education was from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and CR. Bernard wrote professional one-act musical comedies for vaudeville, and he toured throughout the United States with the Orpheum and Keith Vaudeville Circuit, and also abroad.
Bernard worked as a pianist for dance orchestras and music publishers before forming his own band. His also had his own radio show which he produced. Best known as a composer, Bernard found success writing musical material for artists such as Al Jolson, Nora Bayes, Eddie Cantor, Marilyn Miller, and Sophie Tucker. In 1934 Bernard joined ASCAP where his chief musical collaborators were Sam Coslow, L. Wolfe Gilbert, Richard B. Smith, and Johnny Black. 
Other musical compositions by Felix Bernard include "The Mailman's Got My Letter", "Jane", "You Opened My Eyes", "I'd Rather Be Me", "Cutest Kid in Town", "Tom Thumb and Tiny Teens", "What Am I Goin' to Do for Lovin'?", "Painter In The Sky", "Twenty One Dollars a Day Once a Month", and "The Whistlin' Cowboy".

</doc>
<doc id="20344461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344461" title="Kendra Sorenson">
Kendra Sorenson

Kendra Sorenson is a main protagonist in Brandon Mull's fantasy series, Fablehaven.
In the books.
Throughout the series Kendra is determined and will never give up on her tasks. She is devoted to her cause and will disobey direct orders to save the world. Like her brother Seth, Kendra has this knack for staying alive in tricky situation. She manages to escape practically everything with nothing more than a bruise or small cut. Unlike her brother, her main trait is resourcefulness. Kendra steps in when all hope is lost. When a demon isn't trying to take over the world (which rarely happens in the series, seeing as it's a main idea) Kendra has a very obedient nature.
She is 13 years old in the first book and 15 in the second.
Fablehaven: Rise of the Evening Star.
In , she befriends Vanessa, who gives her the Umite wax candle and crayon. At the end of the second book Kendra goes with Warren and they battle the artifact guardian to achieve the 1st artifact in the series. After defeating the monster Kendra recharges the magical artifact which heals Warren's fatal injuries. Kendra and her brother Seth once again save Fablehaven from ultimate destruction.
Fablehaven: Grip of the Shadow Plague.
In , Kendra is inducted into the Knights of the Dawn, where she meets Gavin, and they are sent on a mission with Warren and Dougan to retrieve a second artifact from a magical preserve in Arizona called Lost Mesa. Returning to Fablehaven, she finds the preserve about to be overthrown by the Shadow Plague. She once again goes to the Fairy Queen for help, who gives her a powerful talisman of light to destroy the source of the plague — the cursed nail. She is told that the one to connect the two will destroy the plague, but will also lose their life. Lena makes the sacrifice and touches the two, dying in the process. Patton informs her that the Journal of Secrets is not an empty book, but full of messages written in a secret fairy language in Umite wax. Book 4 will most likely reveal his messages to her to help her with her future challenges. Gavin also lets Kendra know in a letter that he is interested in getting to know her better. Kendra is both dreading, and looking forward to the future.
Fablehaven: Secrets of the Dragon Sanctuary.
In Book 4, the rare incident that Kendra is believed dead occurs (but Kendra still goes through the experience of nearly losing her mind). She is kidnapped by a lectoblix in Illinois. When Kendra is recovered with the help of a magical knapsack, she and a couple others go to the death trap known as Wyrmroost. There, she encounters dangers she had never dreamed of. Kendra returns home along with the rest of the team, and she is barely comforted by her grandparents. She feels betrayed and will only allow her trust to reside in one person: her brother. Kendra understood what Patton knew to be true while further hiding the artifacts: In a world of traitors, who can you trust? With spies lurking around each corner, how can you confide in anyone? Kendra feels terrible already after a terrifying experience at Wyrmroost, and she arrives back to her home at Fablehaven to hear worse news yet.
Fablehaven: Keys to the Demon Prison.
Kendra is set on another mission to go to the obsidian waste in search of the Translocator. At the cost of losing some members of the team, the artifact is recovered, in spite of violent zombies, an evil wizard, and a few blixes. After Kendra is released from prison by the Sphinx due to unpredictable events, she and others track the Eternals to prevent Zzyzx from opening. The Eternals all die and she manages to convince a new friend, Bracken, that she is needed on Shoreless Isle. Unbeknownst to all, Kendra would play a vital role in that "desperate, climatic battle" between light and darkness. Typically, Kendra is extremely handy in emergencies.
Powers and abilities.
Kendra is fairykind, meaning that she was adopted and infused with magic by fairies. This was to save her life due to having drunk an elixir fatal to mortals. Her abilities were given to her in Fablehaven and are gradually revealed throughout the series.
Film.
The movie "Fablehaven" has been confirmed, and we don't know who will play the part of Kendra. 

</doc>
<doc id="20344465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344465" title="Joseph G. Brimmeier">
Joseph G. Brimmeier

Joseph G. Brimmeier is the former Chief Executive Officer of the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission.
Brimmeier attended Pittsburgh's North Catholic High School. He also earned a degree in health and physical education and a master's degree in counseling-administration of higher education at Youngstown State University.
He worked for various departments of the Allegheny County, Pennsylvania government, including the Allegheny County Industrial Development Authority, Community College of Allegheny County, Allegheny County Parks Department, Allegheny County Department of Development, for 20 years. In 1991 he had a "falling out" with former County Commissioner Tom Foerster after Brimmeier ran unsuccessfully for county prothonotary against Foerster's wishes. Brimmeier then served as Chief of Staff for former Congressman Ron Klink for 8 years and ran Klinks's unsuccessful race against Senator Rick Santorum in 2000. 
Brimmeier, who was a campaign confidant for Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell's successful 2002 race for governor, was appointed CEO of the Turnpike Commission on February 4, 2003. In 2010, "Politics Magazine" named him one of the most influential Democrats in Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20344474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344474" title="Kim Miller">
Kim Miller

__NOTOC__
Kim Miller (born 1988) is an American artist who was diagnosed with "classic" autism in 1991. She began creating artwork at the age of 3 1/2 years old before she could functionally speak. At first, her artwork was just the outward articulation of an aloof, introverted, seemingly expressionless autistic child. After several years of utilizing sign language, delayed echolalia (the echoing of words and phrases), coupled with speech therapy, she learned to speak verbally as detailed in the book "The Girl Who Spoke With Pictures", which describes her advancement as a person with autism. Although Miller learned how to verbalize, she found it frustrating, difficult and time consuming to communicate with words in real time. Drawing became a short cut to show her thoughts, feelings and needs.
Miller is often referred to as an "outside artist," outsider art self-taught and self-motivated. She is prolific in various mediums; acrylic paint, sculpting, ceramics, pencil as well as pen and ink. She is able to paint in a variety of styles exploring techniques such as pointillism, German Expressionism, or her own 3 dimensional style; shifting from one painting to another as though simply changing fonts on the computer. Though some of the symptoms of autism (relating to objects rather than people, the fear of looking people in their faces, the inability to understand/process emotions) pose challenges, her unique work is outstanding for the fact that she chooses these very issues to examine and explore the complex human experience and relationships through her art.
Publications.
Miller's work is featured in the following publications:
Publications regarding Miller:

</doc>
<doc id="20344498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344498" title="Hong Jin-Sub">
Hong Jin-Sub

Hong Gein-Sub (born October 14, 1985) is a South Korean football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20344503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344503" title="Robert Francis Catterson">
Robert Francis Catterson

Robert Francis Catterson (March 22, 1835 – March 30, 1914) was an American physician and soldier. He served in the Union Army during the American Civil War, enlisting at its beginning and rising to a general officer near the end. After the war, Catterson worked in the cotton market, law enforcement, politics, and farming.
Early life.
Catterson was born in 1835 on a farm near Beech Grove in Marion County, Indiana. He was the son of an Irish immigrant, but his father died in 1840 when Robert was only five years old. Catterson's education began at Adrian College in Michigan, and then he attended Cincinnati Medical College in Ohio, precursor to the University of Cincinnati Academic Health Center. After completing his medical studies, Catterson established a medical practice in Rockville, Indiana, just prior to the start of the American Civil War.
Civil War service.
When the American Civil War began in 1861, Catterson chose to follow the Union cause. He gave up his medical practice and volunteered to serve in the Union Army, enlisting in the 14th Indiana Infantry Regiment. On April 23 Catterson was mustered in as a private into Company A of the 14th, and on June 7 was promoted to first sergeant. Catterson was then elected as an officer, and he was commissioned a second lieutenant on July 5. The following year he was promoted to first lieutenant on March 15, 1862. 
In 1862 Catterson saw his first battle during the Valley Campaign, participating in the First Battle of Kernstown on March 23, and was promoted to captain on May 4. Catterson next fought during the Maryland Campaign and the Battle of Antietam on September 17, where he was wounded. Upon recovering, Catterson was appointed lieutenant colonel in the 97th Regiment Indiana Infantry on October 18, and its commander as colonel on November 25. Catterson and the 97th Indiana served the Battle of Memphis in Tennessee on June 6, 1862, and the subsequent occupation of the city, until late in 1862. He then took part in the Siege of Vicksburg in the spring of 1863 and the Tullahoma Campaign that summer. Catterson and his command participated in the Third Battle of Chattanooga on November 23–25, and the Atlanta Campaign throughout the summer of 1864. 
During Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman's March to the Sea in the winter of 1864, Catterson was part of the Army of the Tennessee, heading a brigade in its XV Corps beginning on November 22, 1864. He fought in the Carolinas Campaign of 1865, participating in the Battle of Bentonville in North Carolina on March 19–21, the fight considered the last major engagement of the American Civil War. Also during the Carolinas Campaign, Catterson served very briefly as chief of staff to Maj. Gen. John A. Logan, the commander of the XV Corps. He then returned to his brigade, leading it for the rest of the campaign and to the end of the war. Catterson was brevetted to brigadier general in the Union Army on May 31, 1865, and was mustered out of the volunteer service on January 15, 1866.
Postbellum.
After the war, Catterson chose not to return to practicing medicine; he moved to Arkansas, where he tried and failed at cotton speculation. He then became commander of the Arkansas Negro militia under Governor Powell Clayton, engaged in fighting against the Ku Klux Klan members operating there, and also as a United States Marshal. During Clayton's successful political run for the U.S. Senate, Catterson was removed as marshal when he lost the favor of Clayton, and replaced by Isaac Mills. He would later command the Brooks forces, during the Brooks–Baxter War.
Catterson was the mayor of Little Rock, Arkansas, from 1872 to 1874. After serving as mayor, he moved to Minnesota, where he was unsuccessful as both a farmer and a farm implement merchant. He died at the age of 79 at the Veterans' Hospital in San Antonio, Texas, after suffering from a stroke. Catterson was buried in the San Antonio National Cemetery at Section A, Grave 176/177.

</doc>
<doc id="20344546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344546" title="Korba (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Korba (Lok Sabha constituency)

Korba is a Lok Sabha parliamentary constituency in Chhattisgarh state in India. It was formed as per the recommendation of Delimitation Commission.
Assembly segments.
Korba Lok Sabha constituency is composed of the following assembly segments:
Bharatpur-Sonhat, Manendragarh and Baikunthpur constituencies cover the Koriya district. Rampur, Korba, Katghora and Pali-Tanakhar assembly constituencies cover the Korba district. Marwahi assembly segment is part of Bilaspur district. Bharatpur-Sonhat, Rampur, Pali-Tanakhar and Marwahi constituencies are reserved for Scheduled Tribes (ST) candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="20344552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344552" title="David Hamid">
David Hamid

The Rt. Rev. David Hamid (born 18 June 1955) has been the Anglican Suffragan Bishop in Europe since 2002.
Born in Scotland, to Scottish and Burmese parents, Hamid holds dual British and Canadian citizenship. He was educated at Nelson High School, Ontario, McMaster University and Trinity College Toronto. After ordination he was curate at St Christopher’s, Burlington, Ontario, and then rector of St John’s in the same city. Following this he was mission co-ordinator for Latin America and the Caribbean for the Anglican Church of Canada and then (his last post before his ordination to the episcopate), the Director of Ecumenical Affairs and Studies of the Anglican Communion. He is married to Dr Colleen Hamid, a medical researcher, and has two sons, Jonathan and Michael.

</doc>
<doc id="20344582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344582" title="Swedish Gendarmerie">
Swedish Gendarmerie

The Swedish Gendarmerie, also called the Government Gendarmerie ("Jandarmiri-ye Daulati"), was the first modern highway patrol and rural police force in Persia. A paramilitary force, it also played a significant part in politics from its establishment in 1910 until the advent of the Pahlavi dynasty in 1921. It continued its services into the Pahlavi era. Originally established as a constitutional army, the force began with Swedish officers and Iranian troops, with traditional police duties besides military campaigns against tribal forces.
Throughout the nineteenth century military modernization was a constant preoccupation of Iranian reformers and the history of the Qajar period is peppered with attempts to create a standing army on the European model. As a neutral choice between Britain and Russia, the Persians would choose that Sweden would be the country given the task to secure their trade routes and unify the country. On August 15, 1911, the Swedish Major Harald Hjalmarson would be given the rank of General and put in command of the Persian Gendarmerie. Many other officers, often recruited from the Swedish aristocracy would now come to follow in Hjalmarson's footsteps. 
During the First World War the officers of the Swedish Gendarmerie, who like most of the Iranian intelligentsia and constitutionalists were sympathetic towards Germany helped the Central Powers and at one point in autumn 1915 seized control of Shiraz with the connivance of the German-trained provincial governor Mohammad-Qoli Mokhber'ol Saltaneh Hedayat. After the 1921 coup d'état the War Minister Reza Khan merged the two viable military forces which existed in Iran at that point i.e. the Cossack division and the Gendarmerie, to create the modern Iranian national army. A rural police, amnieh, was created and the nazmieh or the police force was also revamped and placed under the Iranian officers.
The disbanding of the Swedish Gendarmerie would greatly weaken the Qajar monarchy and with the Persian Cossack Brigade being the only remaining army unit, it greatly facilitated Reza Shah’s coup in 1921. Hjalmarson would return to Sweden and take command of the volunteer Swedish Brigade serving on the White side in the Finnish Civil War. Another officer, Eric Carlberg, would later on become Sweden’s ambassador to Iran, and a confidant of Mohammed Mosaddeq.
Organisation.
The Gendarmerie's Purpose was to guard the frontiers and interior. It consisted of battalions of 4 to 6 Companies. For discipline and administration, the force was under the supervision of the General Officer commanding the division in whose area it was stationed. For police administration work, it came under local civil authorities. It was armed with old pattern rifles of various makes and some Soviet, French and British carbines, but not many modern. It consisted of a total of 7 Independent Mixed Regiments and 15 Mixed Battalions, forming a Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="20344600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344600" title="Vladimír Weiss">
Vladimír Weiss

Vladimir or Vladimír Weiss may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20344609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344609" title="Mamadou Seck">
Mamadou Seck

Mamadou Seck may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20344628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344628" title="Aizuri-e">
Aizuri-e

Aizuri-e (Japanese: 藍摺り絵) literally means “blue printed picture”. The term usually refers to Japanese woodblock prints that are printed entirely or predominantly in blue. When a second color is used, it is usually red. Even if only a single type of blue ink was used, variations in lightness and darkness (value) could be achieved by superimposing multiple printings of parts of the design or by the application of a gradation of ink to the wooden printing block ("bokashi").
The theory that "aizuri-e" production was prompted by the 1842 sumptuary laws known as the Tenpō reforms is no longer widely accepted.

</doc>
<doc id="20344630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344630" title="St. Clement Seminary">
St. Clement Seminary

St. Clement Seminary was founded in November 2008 by the General Episcopal Synod of the Universal Catholic Church. Its purpose is to train clergy for the church through a distance study format. The seminary is based out of St. Francis parish, San Diego, California, USA. 

</doc>
<doc id="20344649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344649" title="Camidge family">
Camidge family

The Camidge family supplied York Minster with organists for 103 years. Its members were
John Camidge 1 (bap. 1734-1803) was a composer and organist of York Minster from 1756. He gave Matthew, the sixth son, his early musical training.
John Camidge 2 (York 1790 - York 1859 Sep 21) was the grandson of JC1, and also organist of York Minster (1842–1848).
He suffered a paralytic stroke while playing the organ in 1848 and never played again. Like his father and his grandfather, he is best known as a composer of chants.
JC2 had one daughter and three sons, Charles, John, and Thomas Simpson (1828–1912). John and Thomas Simpson followed their father's profession. The latter, having acted as his father's deputy following his paralysis, went on to become organist of Hexham Abbey. His elder brother John briefly took over the post at York until Edwin George Monk was appointed in 1859. John Henry Norrison Camidge (1853–1939), a son of Thomas Simpson Camidge, was organist of Beverley Minster from 1876 until his death—the fifth generation in which the family produced an organist.
Matthew Camidge (25 May 1764 - 23 Oct 1844 in York) was a well-known local musician in Northern England, famous for his organ playing and conducting oratorios. His compositions are solid in craftsmanship though quite conservative.
He was the son of JC1 and Elizabeth Camidge, and the father of JC2.
After some time as a chorister of the Chapel Royal under James Nares, Matthew returned to York where he lived the rest of his life. He served as his father's assistant and in 1799 he succeeded his father as organist of York Minster.
He played an active part in the musical life of York, appearing as a soloist in piano and organ concertos and promoting music festivals in York Minster. After Matthew retired in 1842, his son, JC2, succeeded him as organist.
Matthew married Mary Shaw of York in 1789. They had three sons. One, John, succeeded Matthew on his own retirement, and then passed on the post to his own son. Matthew's other sons took orders, and one of them became canon of York Minster.
Matthew Camidge was known for his brilliant organ improvisations. He organized huge music festivals given at York in 1823, 1825, and later. As a violinist, he led the orchestra of the York Musical Society. He contributed 30 excellent hymn tunes for William Richardson's Collection of Psalms, which in later editions became widely known as The York Psalm and Hymn Book. It is likely that Camidge introduced the practice of psalm chanting to St Michael-le-Belfrey, his other church job, which he obtained in 1801.
His sonatas, for piano with accompanying violin and cello, are very pleasant works, and representative of the better English music of the time, though not original. He frankly acknowledged, in the preface to his set of organ concertos published in 1817, that he was writing them in the "so long admired" style of Handel and Corelli. ~ Joseph Stevenson, All Music Guide
Matthew Camidge published works of practical material written for his work as a church musician and teacher as well as anthems and service settings in Cathedral Music, Hymn and psalm tunes, an edition of Henry Lawes' "Psalmody for a single voice", Instructions for the Piano forte or Harpsichord and some songs.

</doc>
<doc id="20344659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344659" title="Sung Jong-Hyun">
Sung Jong-Hyun

Sung Jong-Hyun (born April 2, 1979) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for Goyang KB Kookmin Bank FC in the Korea National League. He formerly played for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors, Gwangju Sangmu Bulsajo and Shenyang Dongjin in the China League One.
Sung transferred to Shenyang Dongjin in January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20344669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344669" title="Christian Boeving">
Christian Boeving

Christian Boeving (born June 5, 1969) is an American actor, writer, producer, fitness model, personal trainer, and former bodybuilding supplement spokesperson. He grew up in Missouri, United States and resides in Los Angeles County in Southern California.
Biography.
Boeving was born in Dallas, Texas. One of his best known roles was in the 1999-2000 sports entertainment series "Battle Dome" playing "The Commander". He has also appeared in several films including the documentary "Bigger, Stronger, Faster". Boeving ranks as one of the most photographed male fitness celebrities in the world, as a fitness model appearing on over 450 bodybuilding, health and fitness magazine covers to date, most notably "Muscle and Fitness" and the October 2000 issue of "Playgirl", also working as a health, fitness, and lifestyle freelance writer/columnist. 
Boeving went on to guest-star in television shows like "V.I.P.", "Sheena", and "Nash Bridges" and later garnered roles in major motion pictures such as "Batman & Robin" and "Daredevil" and Ridley Scott's "Kingdom of Heaven" He carried the lead role (lt. Andrew Peers) in low budget action film "When Eagles Strike" (2003), directed by Cirio H. Santiago, and later played Grendel in 2007's charity-film "Beowulf: Prince of the Geats", produced in order to benefit the American Cancer Society. Boeving also played Dash Rendar in the yet-to-be released fan film "Star Wars: Secrets of the Rebellion", with the movie gaining mass media attention and speculation when the director, Mark Andrew Twitchell, was charged and convicted of first degree murder, before the film was completed.
Most recently, Boeving stars in the soon to be released feature film "Zombie Massacre", based on the 1998 video game for the Amiga computer, under the same name. This was a clone of the immensely popular first person shooter Doom on the Amiga.
Boeving was featured in the highly acclaimed documentary "Bigger, Stronger, Faster", in which he revealed that he has used anabolic steroids since the age of 16. Shortly after the film's premiere at the Sundance Film Festival, MuscleTech, a bodybuilding supplement company, dropped its sponsorship of Boeving for breaching the company's rules by discussing his steroid use.

</doc>
<doc id="20344675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344675" title="Mount Robie Reid">
Mount Robie Reid

Mount Robie Reid is a mountain in the southern end of the Garibaldi Ranges overlooking the Lower Mainland region of British Columbia, Canada. It lies to the north of Mission, British Columbia, Canada and on the west side of the upper end of Stave Lake, and to the northeast of the group of summits known as the Golden Ears. It has a prominence of relative to the lowest col between the valleys of Tingle and Osprey Creeks (Osprey Creek is tributary to the Pitt River drainage).
Together with Mount Judge Howay, which lies northeast across the deep valley of Tingle Creek, it was known as one of the Snow Peaks, and until its renaming in 1944 was referred to by old-timers as Old Baldy. Its name commemorates Robie Lewis Reid, a noted historian and educator whose colleague Frederic W. Howay is commemorated by Mount Judge Howay. Although relatively low, views of it dominate the mountain skyline from western Abbotsford and is also visible from Maple Ridge, North Surrey and New Westminster-Coquitlam, though from most of Mission it is invisible due to intervening smaller mountains and hill country.

</doc>
<doc id="20344690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344690" title="Gorya-class minesweeper">
Gorya-class minesweeper

The Gorya class are a group of minesweepers built for the Soviet Navy in the late 1980s. Three ships were started of which two were completed and are in service with the Russian Navy. The Soviet Designation was "Project 1266".
Design.
The ships are designed for deep ocean sweeping of captor mines with sophisticated mine detection equipment. Sweeping gear includes two submersibles as well as conventional sweeps.
Ships.
A total of twenty ships were planned but the programme was stopped by the collapse of the Soviet Union. Two ships were completed

</doc>
<doc id="20344698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344698" title="César Pereira">
César Pereira

João César Gomes Pereira (born 29 December 1975 in Barcelos), simply César, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Football career.
During his career, spent mostly in Portugal's lower leagues, César played with Gil Vicente FC, G.D. Joane, S.C. Freamunde, Sport Clube Dragões Sandinenses, C.D. Trofense, F.C. Lixa, Rio Ave F.C. and G.D. Ribeirão. 
With the Vila do Conde outfit he appeared seven times in the league, but only once in the first division, on 26 October 2008 in a 1–1 away draw against C.S. Marítimo. He left Rio Ave in June 2009, and retired the following year at the age of nearly 35.

</doc>
<doc id="20344710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344710" title="Moon Sharm">
Moon Sharm

"Moon Sharm" is the first single released digitally by Dan D-Noy. The song is on his album "Live at Pacha Club Egypt – Sharm El Sheikh". The song was released as a single on January 29, 2008. It is available in Canada only. This is the first D-Noy Muzik's song released on the virtual store.
Chart performance.
In Canada, the song debuted and peaked at number 36 on the Canadian Dance Chart. "Moon Sharm" only charted one week.
Music video.
A music video was shot for the song. In the video, we see Daniel Desnoyers during his trip in Egypt. It also includes the live performance he made of "Moon Sharm" at the Pacha Club Egypt – Sharm El Sheikh. The video is available on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="20344716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344716" title="August Hjelt">
August Hjelt


</doc>
<doc id="20344744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344744" title="Kwon Sun-Tae">
Kwon Sun-Tae

Kwon Sun-Tae (; born September 11, 1984) is a South Korean football player. He currently plays for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors.
Club team career statistics.
Last update: 31 October 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20344748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344748" title="List of Asian Canadian writers">
List of Asian Canadian writers

This is a list of Asian Canadian writers.

</doc>
<doc id="20344764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344764" title="Edvard Hjelt">
Edvard Hjelt

Edvard Hjelt (28 June 1855 – 2 July 1921) was a Finnish chemist, politician and a member of the Senate of Finland. Hjelt studied chemistry in Finland and in Germany and became rector of the University of Helsinki in 1899. He opposed the increasing influence of Russia in the Grand Duchy of Finland and started his career in politics. Good connections to Germany created during his chemistry studies before and after his graduation made it possible for him to get military help during the Finnish Civil War. Hjelt organized the training of the Finnish Jäger troops in Germany.
Early life and education.
Hjelt was born in Vihti, Finland. He studied chemistry at the University of Helsinki, and, like most of the chemists of the 19th century, went abroad to improve his education. From 1877 till 1878 he first studied with Johannes Wislicenus at the University of Würzburg, in 1879 with Emil Fischer, Emil Erlenmeyer and Adolf von Baeyer at the University of Munich. After returning to Helsinki he received his Ph.D, but Hjelt needed a second thesis to become a university professor. After another research stay in Germany at the University of Strassburg, working with Rudolph Fittig he prepared that second thesis and became professor for organic chemistry at the University of Helsinki.
University rector.
Hjelt served as vice rector of the University of Helsinki from 1896 till 1899 and as rector from 1899 till 1917. The political turmoil after the announcement of the February Manifesto of 1899 by Russian Emperor Nicholas II, which was meant to start a Russification of Finland and tie the Grand Duchy of Finland closer to the Russian empire, induced student demonstrations. The Russian authorities, especially the Finnish Minister Secretary of State Vyacheslav von Plehve and the Governor-General of Finland Nikolay Bobrikov, had to deal with the reactions of the people. Hjelt was able to reduce the pressure on the students and the university and also to stop aggressive reaction of the students to the oppression. With a short relieve after the defeat in the Russo-Japanese War the oppression continued.
Political career.
With the start of the First World War Hjeld saw a chance to gain independence from Russia after a defeat of Russia by Germany. Germany on the other hand would benefit from troop withdrawal from the frontline to deal with a Finnish uprising. His good relations with Germany allowed Hjelt to get in contact with leading military personal to negotiate a German support for Finland. A small group of Finnish volunteers reached Germany via Sweden in 1915. Their training started in autumn 1915; at the end, the group of 2,000 men formed the 27th Jäger Battalion. This unit was the core of the Finnish White Guard during the Finnish Civil War (January to May 1918). On November 26, 1917 Hjelt, together with Adolf von Bonsdorff, met with General Erich Ludendorff and Marshal Paul von Hindenburg at the German army headquarters at Kreuznach to get more help for the coming civil war. Six German battalions landed in Hanko and helped the Finnish army to drive the Red Guards from most of their strongholds. 
After the end of the civil war Hjelt signed a peace treaty between Germany and Finland. He also searched for a king in the new, planned monarchy of Finland. His first suggestion was Adolf Friedrich, Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, but after Prussian opposition Prince Frederick Charles of Hesse was chosen to become the King of Finland. After the victory of the Allied powers the idea of a monarchy was dropped and Kaarlo Juho Ståhlberg became first president of Finland.
Hjelt's strong connections to Germany and his animosity against France, made him no longer suitable as diplomat after the First World War, in which Germany lost most of its influence to France, the United States and Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="20344778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344778" title="The Karamazovs">
The Karamazovs

The Karamazovs () is a 2008 Czech film directed by Petr Zelenka with a soundtrack by Jan A. P. Kaczmarek. It tells the story of a group of Czech actors who come to Polish steelworks to perform a stage adaptation of Fyodor Dostoevsky's "The Brothers Karamazov" at an alternative drama festival. As rehearsals get under way, we follow not only the emotional story examining issues of faith, immortality and the salvation of the human soul, but also the relationships within the acting troupe itself, which strangely reflect Dostoevsky’s "great" themes. The stage drama is transferred to the real world when a tragedy occurs during rehearsal involving one of the spectators. "Karamazovi" won the International Federation of Film Critics (FIPRESCI) award in Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in 2008 and was submitted by The Czech Republic for the 2009 Academy Award for Best Foreign Film.

</doc>
<doc id="20344795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344795" title="Broderick Perkins">
Broderick Perkins

Broderick Phillip Perkins (born November 23, 1954 in Pittsburg, California) is a former professional baseball player. He played all or part of seven seasons in Major League Baseball, from 1978 until 1984, for the San Diego Padres and Cleveland Indians, primarily as a first baseman. His only season as a full-time player was 1982, when he played in 125 games for the Padres, batting .271.

</doc>
<doc id="20344819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344819" title="Edward de Courtenay, 3rd Earl of Devon">
Edward de Courtenay, 3rd Earl of Devon

Edward Courtenay, 11th Earl of Devon (c.1357 – 5 December 1419), 'the blind Earl', a descendant of King Edward I, was the son of Sir Edward de Courtenay and Emeline Dawnay, and in 1377 succeeded his grandfather, Hugh Courtenay, 10th Earl of Devon, as Earl of Devon.
Family.
Edward Courtenay, born about 1357, was the elder of two sons of Sir Edward de Courtenay (d. between 2 February 1368 and 1 April 1371) and Emeline or Emme Dawnay (c.1329 – 28 February 1371), daughter and heiress of Sir John Dawney (d.1346/7) by Sybil Treverbyn. He succeeded to the earldom at the age of 20 at the death of his grandfather, Hugh Courtenay, 10th Earl of Devon, on 2 May 1377.
Courtenay had a younger brother, Sir Hugh Courtenay of Haccombe and Bampton (after 1358 – 5 or 6 March 1425), who married successively Elizabeth Fitzpayn, Elizabeth Cogan, Philippa Arcedekne, and Maud Beaumont.
Career.
Sir John Dawney (d.1346/7) is said to have held 'fifteen large manors in Cornwall' which came to the Courtenay family through Edward Courtenay's marriage to Emeline Dawney. In 1378 Courtenay proved his age, and had livery of the lands of his mother and his grandfather, the 10th Earl.
Like his ancestors, Courtenay was a soldier. He served in the Scottish wars and after some success was knighted in 1380 by the Earl of Buckingham. The following year King Richard II sent Courtenay as an emissary to escort his Queen Elizabeth of Bohemia from Gravelines harbour to London for her marriage. In 1383 he was appointed Admiral of the West, responsible for policing the seas off the coasts of Devon and Cornwall; his brother Sir Hugh Courtenay was a famed pirate. The Council believed that the Earl should protect the River Exe as French pirates had attempted several incursions into the Devonshire interior. Edward however was more of a soldier and relinquished his naval post. He was appointed to the King's Council which in 1395 attended Richard II in Westminster Hall. By 1400, the Earl was blind. He had probably contracted a disease such as leprosy or erysipelas which attacked the retina in his eyes.
Courtenay died on 5 December 1419, directing in his will that he be buried at Forde Abbey. A 'magnificent monument' at Tiverton Castle, said to be his and destroyed about the end of the 16th century, bore the following inscription, according to Thomas Risdon's "Survey of Devon" (1630): 
"Ho, ho who lies here?" <br>
"I, the good Earle of Devonshire,"<br>
"And Mauld my wife that was full deare,"<br>
"We lived together LV yeare."<br>
"That we spent we had:"<br>
"That we gave we have:"<br>
"That we left we lost.""<br>
However as Cokayne points out, this inscription is 'certainly far from contemporary' with the 11th Earl's death.
Marriage and issue.
Courtenay married Maud Camoys, the daughter of Sir John de Camoys of Gressenhall, Norfolk by his second wife, Elizabeth le Latimer, the daughter of William le Latimer, 3rd Baron Latimer. They had three sons, and a daughter:

</doc>
<doc id="20344825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344825" title="Rowing at the 2007 Australian Youth Olympic Festival">
Rowing at the 2007 Australian Youth Olympic Festival

The Australian Youth Olympic Festival was held in Sydney between the 17th and 21st of January and the rowing events were contested at the Sydney International Regatta Centre in Penrith; the site of the rowing for the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Unlike most events, the rowing events offered each state the chance to compete separately against countries including the Great Britain, New Zealand and China. Although the Great Britain and New Zealand teams had recent success at the Junior Rowing World Championships and Under 23 Rowing World Championships, this format was successful as the Australian states still performed competitively with the New South Wales rowing team winning the premier event, the Men's Eight.
Great Britain led the way with a total of 6 Gold Medals. The Australian state crews performed admirably with New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania and Western Australia sharing 14 medals between them.

</doc>
<doc id="20344829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344829" title="Karl Ferdinand Ignatius">
Karl Ferdinand Ignatius

Ignatius was the son of vice-pastor Johan Ferdinand Ignatius and Sofia Fleming. He graduated secondary school in 1855 and enrolled in the Imperial Alexander University in Helsinki, gaining his undergraduate and graduate degrees in 1860, a Licenciate degree in 1862 and finally his Ph.D in 1864. Ignatius worked as a civil servant in the Finnish Main Office of Statistics from 1865 to 1868 and then as the head of the office from 1868 to 1885. He was the head of the chamber committee of the Senate of Finland during 1885–1900 and 1905–1908. Ignatius worked also as a Docent of Nordic History and Statistics from 1865 to 1870 and as the Curator of the Western Finland's Student Nation (combination of Turkulainen and Satakuntalainen Osakunta during 1846–1904) from 1868 to 1870.
Ignatius took part in the Diet of Finland as a member of the burghers estate in 1877–1885 and 1904–1905. He was also a member of the Helsinki City Council during 1875–1878 and 1903–1905. Ignatius was among of the founders of both the Finnish Historical and Geographical Societies, was a committee member of the Society for Culture and Education ("Kansanvalistusseura") during 1873–1887 and was the Chairman of the Finnish Antiquarian Society in 1875–1885.
Ignatius married Amanda Kristina Bergman (1841–1921) in 1863. The couple had five daughters and five sons, the most famous of them being the President of the Court of Appeals Kaarlo Yrjö Benedictus Ignatius (1869–1942), Lieutenant General Hannes Ignatius (1871–1941) and Provincial Governor Gustaf Ignatius (1873–1949).

</doc>
<doc id="20344839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344839" title="United States Senate election in Louisiana, 1996">
United States Senate election in Louisiana, 1996

The 1996 Louisiana United States Senate election was held on November 5, 1996 to select a new U.S. Senator from the state of Louisiana to replace retiring John Bennett Johnston, Jr. of Shreveport. After the jungle primary election, state treasurer Mary Landrieu went into a runoff election with State Representative Woody Jenkins of Baton Rouge, a former Democrat who had turned Republican two years earlier. She prevailed by 5,788 votes out of 1.7 million cast, the narrowest national result of the thirty-three races for the U.S. Senate that year and one of the closest election margins in Louisiana history. At the same time, Democrat Bill Clinton carried Louisiana by a considerable margin of 927,837 votes to 712,586 cast for Republican Bob Dole.
Jungle primary elections.
The multi-candidate field for the primary included Democratic state Attorney General Richard Ieyoub and the former Ku Klux Klan leader, Republican David Duke. Among the minor candidates was New Orleans City Councilwoman Peggy Wilson and Troyce Guice, who had sought the same seat thirty years earlier when it was held by the veteran Senator Allen J. Ellender.
Recount.
Jenkins refused to accept defeat and charged massive election fraud, orchestrated by the Democratic political organization of New Orleans, provided Landrieu's narrow margin of victory. He took his case to the Republican-controlled U.S. Senate and petitioned for Landrieu's unseating pending a new election. In a hearing, carried live by C-SPAN, the Senate Rules Committee in a party-line 8-7 vote agreed to investigate the charges. The decision briefly placed Landrieu's status in the U.S. Senate under a cloud.
Only a month into the probe, however, it emerged that Thomas "Papa Bear" Miller, a detective hired by Jenkins to investigate claims of fraud, had coached witnesses to claim they had participated in election fraud. Three witnesses claimed Miller had paid them to claim that they had either cast multiple votes for Landrieu or drove vans of illegal voters across town. The others told such bizarre tales that FBI agents dismissed their claims out of hand. It also emerged that Miller had several felony convictions on his record, including a guilty plea to attempted murder. The Democrats walked out of the probe in protest, but the probe continued.
The investigation dragged on for over ten months, angering the Democrats and exacerbating partisan friction in the day-to-day sessions of the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee to which Landrieu was assigned as a freshman member of the 105th Congress. Finally, in October 1997, the Rules Committee concluded that while there were major electoral irregularities, none of them were serious enough to burden Louisiana with a new election at that stage. It recommended that the results stand.
The Landrieu-Jenkins contest was not the only U.S. Senate election in 20th century Louisiana in which the results were hotly disputed. Future Senator John H. Overton claimed the renomination and hence reelection of Senator Joseph E. Ransdell was tainted by fraud. In 1932, Senator Edwin S. Broussard claimed that his primary defeat by Overton was fraudulent. In both cases, the Senate seated the certified winners, Ransdell and Overton, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20344856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344856" title="Platon Ivanovich Ivanov">
Platon Ivanovich Ivanov

Ivanov was the son of Colonel Ivan Ivanov and Maria Molozemoff. He received his Abitur in 1881, studied Russian in Moscow during 1884-1886, was promoted to the rank of Artillery Sub-Lieutenant in 1889 and finished a course in the Saint Petersburg Law Lyceum.
Ivanov worked as a civil servant in the Czar's Office of Finland in 1901 and as an Elder Deputy Secretary in 1903. In 1903 he also worked as a Provincial Secretary in the Province of Vaasa, then as an assistant for the Finnish Minister Secretary of State from 1904 to 1909 and as the Chancellor's secretary in the Imperial Alexander University in Helsinki. Ivanov became the deputy head of the Office of the Governor General in 1909 and its head in 1911. He was a member of the economic division of the Markov Senate and the head of the Cameral Office of the Senate during 1911-1913. From 1913 to 1917 Ivanov once again worked as an assistant for the Finnish Minister Secretary of State. He received the title of honor of State Councillor ("Valtioneuvos") in 1906 and finally the title of Actual State Councillor ("Todellinen valtioneuvos") in 1910 (see the Imperial Russian Table of Ranks).
After the Russian Revolution and Finland's independence, Ivanov worked as a clerk in "Maskin- och Brobyggnads Aktiebolag", a manufacturing company (today a part of Wärtsilä) from 1920 to 1924 and later lived in Daugavpils, Lithuania.
Platon Ivanov was married to Olga Moltschanov during 1895–1932 and to Sofie Bersenov during the last two years of his life. He died in Helsinki in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20344898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344898" title="Nash Central High School">
Nash Central High School

Nash Central High School is a Nash-Rocky Mount public high school located on the western edge of Rocky Mount, North Carolina and a member of the Big East 3-A Athletic Conference. As of 2009-2010, Nash Central is home to over 1,200 students, 77 full-time educators -of which 29 have either earned an advanced degree (Master's or Ph.D.) or are certified by the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards- as well the personnel employed in administration, guidance and support positions.
In 2010, the U.S. News and World Report named Nash Central High a "Best High Schools in America" Bronze Medal School.
History.
Opened in 2002, Nash Central High is the most recent high school addition to the Nash-Rocky Mount Public School System, with Rocky Mount High School being the most recent high school building addition.. Nash Central graduated its first class in 2005.
The first principal of Nash Central High School was LeRoy Hartsfield (2002-2010), followed by Craig Harris (2010-2012), and now currently Gail Powers (2012-)
Campus.
School facilities feature computers and internet access in 100% of the classrooms. The building is a two-story brick complex spotlighted by a high-ceilinged glass-walled library and 300 seat cafeteria of similar architecture. Nash Central Pond is accentuated by an illuminated fountain, a gift from the class of 2005. Sports facilities include a 1,500 seat gymnasium, 6 tennis courts, baseball and softball fields, a soccer field and a 4,000 seat football stadium with track.
Community involvement.
Nash Central is a member of the School Improvement Council, The Southern Association of Colleges, and the Business/Education Partnership Program with the Special Olympics, The Band/Chorus Booster Club, The Athletic Booster Club, Harris Teeter, Food Lion, Target, and EP Mart.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
Nash Central is a member of the 3-A Big East Athletic Conference and offers a variety of sports including:
Fall sports:
Winter sports:
Spring sports:

</doc>
<doc id="20344900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344900" title="Oswald Kairamo">
Oswald Kairamo


</doc>
<doc id="20344903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344903" title="Laurie Helgoe">
Laurie Helgoe

Laurie Anne Helgoe (born December 10, 1960) is an American psychologist and author specializing in personality development and the psychology of desire. In 2008, her writing revealed that scholarly and popular accounts regarding humans who display the personality traits of introversion and extroversion were flawed, and that, instead of representing a 25-30% of the population, introverts make up 57% of the population. The identified flaw was a dated reliance on the early work of Isabel Briggs Myers, and the failure to note the latest comprehensive results of the Myers Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI), a questionnaire used by psychologists to classify human personality traits.
Biography.
Helgoe was born in 1960 in Billings, Montana. Her father is a Lutheran Minister; her mother was a homemaker. Raised as the ninth of ten children, she was surrounded by gregarious siblings and sought out solitude, reflection and writing to replenish her energy. This early discovery of the power of solitude had a profound influence on her later work. She was educated at Gustavus Adolphus College, St. Peter, Minnesota, and the University of Nevada, Reno. She is married to a lawyer, has two sons (Bjorn and Josh) and resides in Charleston, West Virginia.
Helgoe has a private practice in clinical psychology and serves as an assistant clinical professor at the West Virginia University School of Medicine, Charleston Division, supervising and lecturing psychiatric residents.
Notability.
"Publishers Weekly", an American publication which critiques new literature, awarded Helgoe’s "Introvert Power" a starred review http://www.publishersweekly.com/article/CA6563438.html.) Foreign publishing right to her books have been sold in Chinese, Czech, Korean, Portuguese and Spanish. Helgoe has written several articles for magazines, including "Wealth Manager", "Advising Boomers", and "Seventeen", has appeared on numerous television and radio shows, and has served as an invited “national expert on relationships and desire” on Washington Post online.
She has been profiled or quoted in more than 20 publications including "The Arizona Republic", "The Charleston Gazette", "Charleston Daily Mail", "Lexington Herald-Leader", "San Jose Mercury News", "The Times Union", "The Columbus Dispatch", and the "Memphis Business Journal".

</doc>
<doc id="20344907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344907" title="River Place, Detroit">
River Place, Detroit

The historic River Place (also known as Stroh River Place) is located in Detroit, Michigan, bounded by Joseph Campau Avenue, Wight Street, McDougal Avenue, and the Detroit International Riverfront. It was formerly the Parke-Davis and Company Pharmaceutical Plant. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
History and significance.
In the 1870s, Parke-Davis moved to the riverfront property this complex now occupies. Between 1891 and 1955, the company expanded the complex to cover over , building the 26 buildings that still stand. These buildings were designed by some of the most prominent Detroit architects, including Donaldson & Meier, Albert Kahn, and Smith, Hinchman & Grylls. As a group, the buildings in the complex are significant as the represent a wide variety of industrial architecture from the early 20th century.
In 1979, Parke-Davis sold its property in Detroit, including the Research Laboratory, to the Stroh family (of Stroh Brewery Company). The complex, now known as River Place, has been converted into offices, retail space, residences, and a hotel.
Description.
These buildings range from brick mill buildings built at the turn of the 20th century to reinforced concrete buildings constructed after 1920 and range from one to six stories in height. The central and northern portions of the complex are tightly packed with interconnected buildings. There is more open space at the southern edge along the river.
The most notable single building in this group is the Riverwalk Hotel Detroit, the former Parke-Davis Research Laboratory, built in 1902 along the Detroit River. This building was the first industrial research laboratory in the U.S. established for the specific purpose of conducting pharmacological research, inaugurating the commercial pure science approach which has driven the rapid development of pharmaceutical technology. The research laboratory was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20344930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344930" title="Widcombe Manor House">
Widcombe Manor House

Widcombe Manor is a grade I listed Georgian house in Widcombe, Bath, England, originally built in 1656 and then rebuilt in 1727 for Philip Bennet the local MP. The crest of the Bennet family can be seen surmounting the two pedestals at the entrance gates. The manor is located on Church Street adjacent to St Thomas à Beckett Church.
The house has a south-facing front which is in its original condition. In around 1850, the west front was altered and now includes a bay window and stone balconies at the first floor windows. The fountain in front of the house is Italian and thought to date from the 15th century. It was installed in its present position in the early twentieth century.
The house was home to Horace Annesley Vachell who based his novel "Golden House" on the property.
From 1955, it was the home to the entrepreneur and inventor Jeremy Fry. Princess Margaret and Tony Armstrong-Jones were frequent visitors, and it was the location of the 1972 Widcombe Manor Festival at which Hawkwind were scheduled to play.

</doc>
<doc id="20344933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344933" title="1997 Monte Carlo Open – Singles">
1997 Monte Carlo Open – Singles

Thomas Muster was the defending champion but he lost in the second round to Fabrice Santoro.
Marcelo Ríos won in the final 6–4, 6–3, 6–3 against Àlex Corretja.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20344950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344950" title="Mali i Gramës">
Mali i Gramës

Mali i Gramës is a mountain in the Albanian part of the Mount Korab mountain. Mali i Gramës reaches a height of 2,345m high. Around the mountain are many lakes including the largest lake on Mount Korab which also shares the name 'Gramë'. It is connected to the main part of the mountain by a long ridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20344965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344965" title="Michael D. Fascitelli">
Michael D. Fascitelli

Michael D. Fascitelli (c. 1957) is a member of the Vornado Realty Trust Board of Trustees, and was formerly president and CEO of the Company before stepping down on February 26, 2013. During Fascitelli’s 16-year tenure at Vornado (four as CEO), the company expanded and made several acquisitions, including buying Merchandise Mart building in Chicago and numerous office buildings surrounding Madison Square Garden in Manhattan. Under Fascitelli, Vornado also developed the Bloomberg L.P. headquarters in Manhattan. Fascitelli was named CEO in 2009. Fascitelli had previously acted as the head of the real estate investment banking business of Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Early years.
Fascitelli is a member of the Class of 1978 of the University of Rhode Island where he received his B.S. in Industrial Engineering, Summa Cum Laude. He also received his MBA in 1982 with highest distinctions from the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration.
Career.
After graduating from URI, Mr. Fascitelli joined the Bristol-Myers Squibb in 1978 as an engineer and manufacturing supervisor. Subsequent to graduating from Harvard in 1982, Mr. Fascitelli joined McKinsey & Company, a management-consulting firm.
In 1985 he joined Goldman, Sachs & Co. in the Real Estate Department. He became partner in 1992 and was head of the real estate investment banking business. He also served on the Investment Committee for the Real Estate Funds. In December 1996 he became President of Vornado Realty Trust. He subsequently became Chief Executive Officer of Vornado in May 2009.
Mr. Fascitelli is a Trustee and Director of the Urban Land Institute. He is past Chairman of the Wharton Real Estate Center and still serves on the Executive Committee. He serves on the Board of the Child Mind Institute, The Rockefeller University Board of Trustees and St. Bernard's Board of Trustees. He is an officer and a member of the Executive Board for the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts. Fascitelli also serves on the Real Estate Round Table Board of Directors. Additionally, he serves on both the Harvard Business School Board of Overseers and the URI Foundation Board.
In May 2008, he received his Doctor of Laws from the University of Rhode Island.
Charitable Work and Accolades.
Mr. Fascitelli was the recipient of the 2012 Child Advocacy Award for his transformative philanthropic contributions to the cause of children's mental health and the establishment of the Child Mind Institute.
From the Greater New York Councils Boy Scouts of America he received the Good Scout Award and the James E. West Fellowship Award in 1997 and he received the Silver Beaver Award in 2003. Fascitelli was one of the recipients of CPE’s Executive of the Year award in November 2012. He was also the recipient of the Best Present Award in January 2013. And in 2008 he received the Business Statesman of the Year award from The Harvard Business School Club of New York.
Personal life.
Fascitelli is married to Elizabeth Fascitelli (née Cogan), a partner at Goldman Sachs, and has three sons Nick, 20, Matt, 18, and Jack, 15.

</doc>
<doc id="20344990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20344990" title="Jacques Rabemananjara">
Jacques Rabemananjara

Jacques Rabemananjara (23 June 1913 – 1 April 2005) was a Malagasy politician, playwright and poet. He served as a government minister rising to vice President. Rabemananjara was said to be the most prolific writer of his negritude generation after Senghor, and he had the first négritude poetry published.
Early life.
Rabemananjara was born in Maroantsetra in Antongil Bay in eastern Madagascar on 23 June 1913 of Betsimisarakan origin. He began his education on the island of Sainte Marie, but soon left to finish his studies at the seminary at Antananarivo, the capital of Madagascar. 
In 1935-36 the Madagascan authorities prohibited any further publication of a monthly journal of young people of Madagascar, which he was responsible for. The magazine "Revue des Jeunes de Madagascar" had 10 issues. The journal was an early example of political writing pre-dating later more well-known examples of négritude.
Writing.
Despite his leadership of the journal, Rabemanajara was chosen in 1939 to attend a commemoration in Paris for the 150th anniversary of the French revolution. Having travelled to Paris he was able to not only gain entry to the Sorbonne and took courses in administration, but also to get his first collection of poetry, "On the Steps of the Evening", published. In Paris he met the Senagalese poet and politician Léopold Sédar Senghor and Alioune Diop who all participated in the important African studies journal "Presence Africaine".
His early work dealt in classical alexandrian metre with the early history of Madagascar. His 1940 work "Sur les marches du soir " dealt with the forced exile of Queen Ranavalona III. She had been removed by the French colonial powers in 1897. Rabemananjara published his play "Les dieux malgaches", the first modern Malagasy play in French, This play dealt with the pre-colonial past and with the coup that unseated King Radama II in 1863.
Politics.
After the war he also met Raset Ravoahangy who was a partner with Rabemananjara in the creation of the MDRM (Democratic Movement for the Renovation of Madagascar).
He was elected to represent the Tamatave region in1946 as the third member of the National Assembly from Madagascar. As a journalist at this time he interviewed Ho Chi Minh including his association with the Malagasy politician Jean Ralaimongo. He was suspected of being involved in the instigation of the 1947 Malagasy Uprising, despite the fact that he had urged the rioters to be calm. He was arrested, and sentenced to life imprisonment with hard labour.
During his captivity he wrote the poems "Antsa", "Lamba" and "Antidote". Rabemanajara was eventually pardoned in 1956. Rabemananjara's freedom allowed him to attend the first International Congress of Black Writers and Artists in Paris. He was one of the main speakers and earned a place at the top table of this important conference which was funded by UNESCO and was still celebrated 50 years later. 
He was exiled in France until Madagascar's independence in 1960. The new government under President Philibert Tsiranana asked him to join a number of ministries and take the post of vice President.
Later years.
Rabemanajara was again exiled after the 1972 revolution, but this was his choice and he was not to return for 20 years. He died in France in his 92nd year on 1 April 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20345002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345002" title="Arthur J. Samberg">
Arthur J. Samberg

Arthur J. Samberg (born 1941) was the chief executive officer, president and chairman of Pequot Capital Management, a hedge fund which at one point was the largest in the world at over $15 billion. Mr. Samberg's flagship Pequot fund, started in 1986, returned 17.8% (net) over the life of the fund. He currently manages his family office through Hawkes Financial LLC. 
Early life.
Mr. Samberg holds a S.B. (Aeronautics and Astronautics) from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he is a Life Member of the MIT Corporation, and a Member of MIT Executive Committee. For five years he served as Chairman of the MIT Investment Management Company and currently sits on the Board of Advisor of the MIT Energy Initiative. Mr. Samberg earned his M.S. (Aeronautics and Astronautics) from Stanford University and M.B.A. from Columbia University, where he is Co-Chair of the Board of Overseers of the Business School.
The son of an electrician, Mr. Samberg served as an engineer in the aeronautics industry before working in finance. Specifically, during the early to mid-1960s, Arthur Samberg worked as an Aerospace Engineer at the Lockheed Missile and Space Company in the San Francisco Bay Area. He primarily focused on developing guidance and control technologies for the Agena missile system. 
Mr. Samberg began his career in the investment industry as a Security Analyst at Kidder Peabody & Co. in New York City. There, he developed reports with recommendations to buy, sell, and hold securities, focusing on firms in the aeronautics and defense electronics industries. In 1969, Mr. Samberg moved into a Security Analyst position at the boutique research firm Lombard, Vitalis, Paganucci and Nelson, Inc., also in New York City. Subsequently, as the first professional hire at the start-up company Weiss, Peck & Greer, he served as a Security Analyst. He later assumed a Partner role, and he additionally served on the Management Committee during his last five years with the firm. During his 15-year tenure at Weiss, Peck & Greer, the investment management company grew to $8 billion. Between 1985 and 1999, as founder and President of Dawson-Samberg Capital Management, Inc., in Southport, Connecticut, Mr. Samberg established the first Pequot hedge fund. In 1999, he spun out his funds into the newly formed Pequot Capital Management Inc. In 2009, Mr. Samberg decided to shut down Pequot Capital and now manages his family office though Hawkes Financial, LLC. 
Personal.
Mr. Samberg currently manages his family office through Hawkes Financial LLC. He is a Member of the Board and Executive Committee of Tri Alpha Energy, Inc., on the Board of Levant Power Corporation, and Chairman of the Board of JetSuite, LLC.
Mr. Samberg is a Life Member of the MIT Corporation, and a Member of MIT Executive Committee. For five years he served as Chairman of the MIT Investment Management Company and currently sits on the Board of Advisor of the MIT Energy Initiative. Mr. Samberg is also the Co-Chair of the Columbia Business School's Board of Overseers. 
He also serves on the Board of Trustees and Executive and Investment Committees of NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital, the Board of Directors of Historic Hudson Valley, Jazz at Lincoln Center, New York Genomic Center, and served as the Chairman of the Jacob Burns Film Center where he is currently Chairman Emeritus. Other philanthropic affiliations include: the Board of College Summit; and the Children’s Advisory Council at New York-Presbyterian Morgan Stanley Children’s Hospital. He is a former Board member of National Board of Directors of the Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship; and past Senior Chair, Wall Street & Financial Services Division of UJA, and Member of the Campaign Steering Committee for Children's Hospital of NewYork-Presbyterian.
Philanthropy.
Mr. Samberg donated $10 million to the Columbia Business School in 2002, leading to the establishment of the Arthur J. Samberg Institute for Teaching Excellence. In 2006, he contributed $25 million to his alma mater, which at that time was the largest donation in the school’s history. Art J. Samberg’s second gift has allowed Columbia Business School to endow some 20 professorships within the last six years. In 2012, Mr. Samberg and his wife, Rebecca, gave $25 million to New York-Presbyterian/Morgan Stanley Children’s Hospital. The donation made possible the Samberg Scholars in Children's Health program, an initiative to recruit and train as many as 40 top scholars in pediatric medicine. 
SEC settlement.
In 2004, the SEC began an investigation of Pequot’s trading in the securities of several companies, including trades by funds for which Mr. Samberg was the portfolio manager. The U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York also conducted a related investigation. One of the areas of focus of the investigations was Mr. Samberg’s hiring of David Zilkha, who previously had been employed by Microsoft Corporation, and Mr. Samberg’s subsequent trading in Microsoft securities in 2001. In late 2006, both these investigations were closed without filing any charges or taking other action. 
In December 2008, Mr. Samberg received and responded to a letter from Senators Charles Grassley and Arlen Specter requesting information concerning payments Pequot made to Mr. Zilkha in 2007 and 2008. 
In late December 2008, the SEC again investigated Mr. Samberg’s trading in the securities of Microsoft in 2001. In May 2010, Pequot and Mr. Samberg resolved this matter without the need for further litigation by agreeing to a settlement whereby, without admitting or denying the allegations, Pequot and Mr. Samberg consented to be permanently enjoined from violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities law and to pay disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and civil money penalties. Pequot and Mr. Samberg also consented, without admitting or denying the allegations, to the subsequent filing of administrative proceedings.

</doc>
<doc id="20345008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345008" title="William Richardson (cricketer, born 1894)">
William Richardson (cricketer, born 1894)

William Ethelbert Richardson (23 December 1894 – 5 November 1971) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Worcestershire between 1920 and 1928. 
The great bulk of Richardson's first-class career came between 1920 and 1922, and indeed the 23 wickets he claimed in his debut season formed more than half his career aggregate, while the 15 matches he played in 1920 were exactly half his final tally. After a wicketless debut against Hampshire in May 1920,
his next game was against Gloucestershire. He took nine wickets in the match, including what was to remain a career-best 6/48 in the second innings.
After 1922 Richardson did not appear at first-class level again until 1926, when he played one match. He also turned out once in 1927 and twice in 1928. After that, he played occasionally at minor level for Gentlemen of Worcestershire, taking six wickets against Bromsgrove School in a single-innings game in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20345023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345023" title="Brenden Foster">
Brenden Foster

Brenden Stephen Foster (October 4, 1997 – November 21, 2008) was an 11-year-old boy from Bothell, Washington, diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia in 2005. KOMO, a local broadcasting station, reported the story of Brenden's last wish on November 7, 2008, which was to feed the homeless. The story inspired many, and prompted attention from national media such as CNN and the Associated Press, even drawing international attention. The Seattle Seahawks NFL franchise paid for Brenden's funeral; he is buried at Evergreen Washelli Cemetery in Seattle, Washington.
Local impact.
The Brenden Foster Food Drive was created by the broadcasting station in his honor. In Seattle, volunteers from the Emerald City Lights Bike Ride passed out over 200 sandwiches to the homeless. Inspired viewers took part in the "Stuff the Truck" food drive in Brenden's honor, filling seven trucks of groceries and $95,000 in cash to benefit the Northwest Harvest and Food Lifeline.
Broader impact.
Brenden's story also reached KOMO's sister station in Portland, Oregon, KATU, which reported actions inspired by Brenden in Los Angeles, Ohio, and Pensacola, Florida. At the Union Rescue Mission in Los Angeles, for instance, over 2,500 meals have been served in Brenden's name. His advocacy for the homeless housed in tent cities continues to be remembered.
A Vietnam War veteran from Kentucky who lost his leg in the war was so touched by the story, he gave Brenden his purple heart.
Over 2,500 meals at the Union Rescue Mission have been served in Brenden's name.

</doc>
<doc id="20345051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345051" title="O Desertor das Letras">
O Desertor das Letras

O Desertor das Letras was a heroic-comic poem which was published by Manuel Inácio da Silva Alvarenga.

</doc>
<doc id="20345094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345094" title="Judicial Investigation Department">
Judicial Investigation Department

The Judicial Investigation Department (Spanish, "Organismo de Investigación Judicial", OIJ), is a unit of the Supreme Court of Justice of Costa Rica. Currently its director is Jorge Rojas.
It was founded in 1973 as a subsidiary body of the Criminal Courts of Public Prosecutions in scientific discovery and verification of the crimes and their responsible. Its Organic Law stipulates that act on their own initiative, by denunciation or by order of competent authority in the investigation of crimes of public action in identifying and apprehension prevention of alleged offenders. It also aims to collect, secure and manage scientific evidence and other background needed for research. Also, the OIJ sit in the crimes of private action, in order of competent authority after receiving the claim or indictment of the party concerned. To meet the wide variety of tasks, the OIJ is structured as follows.
Structure of the Judicial Investigation Department.
General Directorate.
Is responsible for directing and coordinating all the overall activities of the OIJ.
General Secretariat.
Coordinates everything related to the budgetary system of transport and radio; assigns the distribution of researchers in different sections.
Criminal Investigations Department.
It is responsible for search and collect all tests necessary and to make inquiries relevant to the proper clarification of the case. It is composed of: 
Department of Legal Medicine.
Its primary function is to carry out the autopsys, reconnaissance and other examinations in respective cases that require it. Evacuate medical consultations forensics applied to the Agency.
It is composed of different sections: 
Account in addition to the Chair in medicine of University of Costa Rica as a teacher. And the Medico-Legal Council and believes that rules on medico-legal aspects that occurred in judicial proceedings when requested by the court. The Department of Forensic Medicine is at the Forensic Complex, San Joaquín de Flores, Heredia.
Forensic Science Laboratory.
Technically analyzes each of the evidence gathered during investigations. What are the following sections: 
Located at the Forensic Complex, San Joaquín de Flores, Heredia.

</doc>
<doc id="20345102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345102" title="Benoit Groulx">
Benoit Groulx

Benoit Groulx (March 6, 1985 in Montreal, Quebec) is a former Canadian football quarterback and was the offensive coordinator and quarterback coach for the Bishop's Gaiters of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport. He played five years as a quarterback in CIS football for the Laval Rouge et Or.
Groulx grew up in Montreal. He attended the Cégep du Vieux Montréal and played for the Vieux Montréal Spartiates winning the Bol D'or 3 times and twice being named most valuable player in the CEGEP AAA league, before enrolling at Université Laval to study sports administration.
University football.
Though a few told him that he was too short, too slow, and had too little arm strength to compete at the university level, Groulx quickly impressed Laval head coach Glen Constantin at training camp. His performance in the regular season was equally impressive. Starting the season as a back-up, he came off the bench near the end of the week 2 game, when veteran William Leclerc was injured and again replaced Leclerc in week 3 this time mid-way through the second quarter and led a 61 to 15 victory over Bishop's Gaiters. His performance earned him the Quebec University Football League offensive player of the week honours in week 3 and the starting quarterback position. Groulx ended the regular season playing in 5 games with 1317 yards, 13 touchdowns, five interceptions, and 90 completions out of 132 passes, the highest completion percentage in the 2005 CIS football season. He also earned CIS offensive player of week 5 and QUFL player of the week honours for the Dunsmore Cup semi-finals 72–14 win over the Sherbrooke Vert et Or.
Groulx returned for his second season and equalled his 2005 season 68 percent completion average to again lead the nation with 170 completions in 250 passes for 2,422 yards, 12 touchdowns, and 6 interceptions over the 8 games of the regular season. His 2,422 yard passing performance set a new QUFL single season record and he was named the Jeff Russel Memorial Trophy winner as the most outstanding player in the Quebec conference and nominee for the national Hec Crighton Trophy. Groulx and the Rouge et Or went on to complete the year without a loss to win the 2006 Vanier Cup.
On January 14, 2010, Groulx was announced as the new offensive coordinator for the Bishop's Gaiters.
Regular Season Statistics

</doc>
<doc id="20345156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345156" title="Through These Eyes">
Through These Eyes

Through These Eyes is the debut solo album by Bryan Josh of Mostly Autumn fame. He plays all the instruments on the album except the drums and flute parts. Gavin Griffiths of Karnataka, Panic Room and Mostly Autumn played most of the drums on the album with Henry Borne, Mostly Autumn drummer during the 2008 shows, playing drums on two of the tracks. The two tracks Borne played on were songs left over from Mostly Autumn's "Glass Shadows" sessions and they can be heard in instrumental form on the bonus DVD that came with the special edition of "Glass Shadows". The album also features Mostly Autumn band-mate Olivia Sparnenn on a few tracks singing lead, harmony and backing vocals.
Credits.
With:

</doc>
<doc id="20345163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345163" title="Les Amours du dimanche">
Les Amours du dimanche

Les Amours du dimanche is a 1989 album recorded by French artist Marc Lavoine. It was his third studio album and contains the singles "C'est la vie" (#14), "Ami", "Chère amie" (they failed to chart) "Rue Fontaine" (#11) and "Je n'ai plus rien à te donner" (#18) which obtained popularity in France. The album earned a Gold certification awarded by the SNEP and was ranked on the chart for 26 weeks in 1989 and 1991, peaking at #35 in its first and second weeks.
Track listing.
Source:
Album credits.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20345164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345164" title="Uncial 0241">
Uncial 0241

Uncial 0241 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the First Epistle to Timothy 3:16-4:3,8-11, on a fragment of one parchment leaf. Original size of the pages is unknown. Probably it was written in one column per page, 12 lines per page, in uncial letters (originally 28 lines per page).
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1956.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Bodmer Library (Cod. Bodmer 24) in Cologny.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type with some alien readings. Aland placed it in Category III.

</doc>
<doc id="20345165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345165" title="David Doyle (soccer)">
David Doyle (soccer)

David Doyle (born August 8, 1965) is an Irish soccer forward who spent seventeen seasons playing indoor soccer in the United States. He was the 1987-1988 Major Indoor Soccer League Rookie of the Year, was the 1996 and 1999 indoor soccer scoring champion and a six time first team All Star.
College.
Doyle attended Campbell University where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1983 to 1986. He led the country in scoring, with 34 goals, as a senior. He finished his career 72 goals and 19 assists for a school record 286 points. He was a 1986 second team All American and was inducted into the Campbell Hall of Fame in 2006.
Professional.
The Kansas City Comets of Major Indoor Soccer League drafted Doyle in the first round (third overall) in the 1987 MISL College Draft. He was the 1987-1988 MISL Rookie of the Year. When the Comets folded in 1991, Doyle signed as a free agent with the Dallas Sidekicks. He went on to play twelve seasons with the Sidekicks. Following the 1991-1992 season, the league collapsed and the Sidekicks moved to the Continental Indoor Soccer League (CISL), a summer indoor league. The Sidekicks won the first CISL championship but finished runner-up in 1992. That fall, Doyle signed with the St. Louis Ambush which played winter soccer in the National Professional Soccer League. He alternated between the Sidekicks and the Ambush for the next two years. In 1996, he was the leading U.S. indoor soccer player with 47 goals. He repeated as scoring champion in 1999 with 29 goals. Doyle also spent the 1997-1998 NPSL season with the Wichita Wings. In 1998, the Sidekicks spent the season in the Premier Soccer Alliance then moved to the World Indoor Soccer League for three seasons (1999–2001). In 2002, they moved to the newly established Major Indoor Soccer League. The team folded two seasons later and Doyle retired from playing professionally.
Doyle currently serves as the head soccer coach of the Flower Mound High School boys’ soccer team in Flower Mound, Texas. He is also a coach with the Dallas Texans Soccer Club.
Personal life.
His son Conor plays professional soccer in England for Derby County as a forward and is currently on loan at D.C. United in Major League Soccer.

</doc>
<doc id="20345184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345184" title="Debris (album)">
Debris (album)

Debris is the debut album by electro-industrial project Ayria. It was released in 2003, along with a deluxe edition featuring a bonus disc and alternate packaging.

</doc>
<doc id="20345231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345231" title="BioEthanol for Sustainable Transport">
BioEthanol for Sustainable Transport

BioEthanol for Sustainable Transport (BEST) was a four-year project financially supported by the European Union for promoting the introduction and market penetration of bioethanol as a vehicle fuel, and the introduction and wider use of flexible-fuel vehicles and ethanol-powered vehicles on the world market. The project began in January 2006 and continued until the end of 2009, and had nine participating regions or cities in Europe, Brazil, and China.
Goals.
The BEST project targets included the introduction of more than 10,000 flex-fuel or ethanol cars and 160 ethanol buses; to promote the opening of 135 E85 and 13 ED95 public fuel stations; and to promote the development and testing of hydrous E15 and anhydrous low ethanol blends with gasoline and diesel.
Participants.
There were ten participating cities and regions, and several commercial partners. Stockholm (Sweden) was the coordinating city, and other participants were Basque Country and Madrid (Spain), the Biofuel Region in Sweden, Brandenburg (Germany), La Spezia (Italy), Nanyang (China), Rotterdam (Netherlands), São Paulo (Brazil), and Somerset (UK). The commercial partners were Ford Europe, Saab Automobile and several bioethanol suppliers.
Implemented projects.
Flexible-fuel vehicles.
A major activity in BEST was the promotion of E85 flexifuel vehicles (FFVs). During the project nine BEST sites introduced over 77,000 FFVs, far exceeding the original project's target of 10,000 vehicles. In 2008, out of the 170,000 flexifuel vehicles in operation in Europe, 45% of the vehicles operated at BEST sites; and out of 2,200 E85 pumps installed in the EU, 80% are found in the BEST countries. Sweden stands out with 70% of all flexifuel vehicles operating in the EU. BEST sites also evaluated both dedicated E85 pumps and ﬂexifuel pumps and found very few problems.
Ethanol-powered buses.
The project included demonstration of two types of bioethanol-powered buses, a diesel engine Scania bus running on ED95 (sugarcane ethanol plus an ignition improver) and a Dongfeng bus capable of running on both E100 and petrol (flexible-fuel bus). Fuel pumps were also installed at bus depots in the five participating cities.
BEST demonstrated more than 138 bioethanol ED95 buses and 12 ED95 pumps at ﬁve sites, three in Europe, one in China and one in Brazil. These trials helped increase knowledge about bioethanol buses in the participating cities. An innovation within BEST was the demonstration of two dual-tank E100 buses developed by the Chinese vehicle producer Dongfeng Motor. All BEST sites will continue to drive their bioethanol buses in regular trafﬁc and some cities are already planning to expand their ﬂeets.
The trial demonstrations showed that ethanol-powered ED95 buses:
Brazil.
Under the auspices of the BEST project, the first ED95 bus began operations in São Paulo city on December 2007 as a trial project. The bus is a Scania with a modified diesel engine capable of running with 95% hydrous ethanol with 5% ignition improver. Scania adjusted the compression ratio from 18:1 to 28:1, added larger fuel injection nozzles, and altered the injection timing.
During the first year trial period performance and emissions were monitored by the National Reference Center on Biomass (CENBIO - ) at the Universidade de São Paulo, and compared with similar diesel models, with special attention to carbon monoxide and particulate matter emissions. Performance is also important as previous tests have shown a reduction in fuel economy of around 60% when E95 is compared to regular diesel.
In November 2009, a second ED95 bus began operating in São Paulo city. The bus was a Swedish Scania engine and chassis with a CAIO bus body. The second bus was scheduled to operate between Lapa and Vila Mariana, passing through Avenida Paulista, one of the main business centers of São Paulo city.
CENBIO laboratory tests found that as compared to diesel, carbon dioxide emissions are 80% lower with ED95, particulate drops by 90%, nitrogen oxide emissions are 62% lower, and there are no sulphur emissions. During the trial was observed that the first bus began presenting sudden halts of the engine in slow running. The problem manifested more frequently in hot days, when the ambient temperature reached 26°C or more and on top of long grades. After analyzing carefully the problem in the engine's fuel power line, it was discovered that the bus was developed for the European temperate climate, where average temperatures are lower than in tropical climate. In hotter days, the temperature of the fuel line reached up to 58°C, a temperature that could increase even more when the engine would be slow running. The excessive heating was causing the vaporization of the fuel in the power line of the engine. The solution found was to deviate the fuel return from the engine straight to the tank, and thus, adaptating the engine to Brazilian climate conditions.
Based on the satisfactory results obtained during the 3-year trial operation of the two buses, in November 2010 the municipal government of São Paulo city signed an agreement with UNICA, Cosan, Scania and "Viação Metropolitana"", a local bus operator, to introduce a fleet of 50 ethanol-powered ED95 buses by May 2011. The city's government objective is to reduce the carbon footprint of the city's bus fleet which is made of 15,000 diesel-powered buses, and the final goal is for the entire bus fleet to use only renewable fuels by 2018 . The first ethanol-powered buses were delivered in May 2011, and the 50 ethanol-powered ED95 buses will begin regular service in June 2011.
China.
In Nanyang, Henan, a new type of bioethanol flexible-fuel bus capable of running on petrol or neat ethanol fuel (E100) was developed by Dongfeng Motor. The buses look like conventional buses and have two fuel tanks, one for petrol and one for E100. Two buses were demonstrated by local bioethanol producer Tianguan, who also supplied E100 for the buses. One fuel pump was set up for the trial. One of the buses uses a modified petrol-engine and the other uses a modified natural gas engine. The new bus types were developed to overcome import duties and are a low-cost alternative for Chinese cities seeking to introduce bioethanol to their public transport systems. Each E100 bus developed by Dongfeng costs around , which is more expensive than a conventional petrol bus.
Italy.
Three ED95 buses and one fuel pump was installed in La Spezia.
Spain.
Five ED95 buses operated in Madrid and one fuel pump was installed.
Sweden.
In Stockholm a total of 127 ED95 buses and ﬁve ED95 ethanol fuel stations were funded within the BEST project.

</doc>
<doc id="20345233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345233" title="AD Villaviciosa de Odón">
AD Villaviciosa de Odón

Agrupación Deportiva Villaviciosa de Odón is a Spanish football team from Villaviciosa de Odón, in the Community of Madrid. Founded in 1971, they currently play in "Tercera División – Group 7".
Stadium.
Their home stadium is the "Estadio Nuevo Municipal, which seats 10,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="20345269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345269" title="Roberto Drummond">
Roberto Drummond

Roberto Francis Drummond (Ferros, Minas Gerais, December 21, 1933 — Belo Horizonte, June 21, 2002) was a Brazilian journalist and writer.

</doc>
<doc id="20345287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345287" title="Proinflammatory cytokine">
Proinflammatory cytokine

A proinflammatory cytokine is a cytokine which promotes systemic inflammation.
Examples include IL-1 and TNF alpha.
Function.
Due to their proinflammatory action, they tend to make a disease worse by producing fever, inflammation, tissue destruction, and, in some cases, even shock and death.
Clinical implications.
Reducing the biological activities of proinflammatory cytokines can reduce the brunt of attack of diseases mediated by proinflammatory cytokines. Blocking IL-1 or TNF has been highly successful in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease, or graft-vs-host disease. However, the strategy has not been successful in humans with sepsis.

</doc>
<doc id="20345290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345290" title="Lol, Dordogne">
Lol, Dordogne

Lol (also known as Lot) is a populated place in Dordogne, Aquitaine, France.

</doc>
<doc id="20345291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345291" title="Captive (2003 film)">
Captive (2003 film)

Captive () is a 2003 film that concerns itself with what happened to the children of the people killed after the 1970s military coup. The film states it was made with the support of Argentine National Institute of Cinema and Audiovisual Arts. "Captive" was an award winner at the 2003 San Sebastian Film Festival.
Plot.
Cristina Quadri (Barbara Lombardo) is the model of a perfect student. Smart and affluent, her life is in perfect order until, one day, she is called from her class and made to appear in front of a judge. The judge informs her that her real parents disappeared in the 1970s. Cristina is forced to go live with her grandmother, Elisa (Susana Campos), who has spent the past 16 years attempting to locate Cristina (whose birth name was Sofia). Although, at first, she is hurt, bitter and confused, Cristina/Sofia eventually grows to care for Elisa and begins to research the fate of her parents - and how much her adoptive parents knew of the truth.
Reception.
Critical response.
Film critic A. O. Scott especially lauded the young actor in the film, writing, "We first meet Cristina Quadri, the heroine of Gastón Biraben’s "Captive", at her 15th birthday party, in 1994. She appears to be a perfectly ordinary, if exceptionally lovely, Buenos Aires teenager. Cristina lives with her doting upper-middle-class family (her father, now retired, was an officer in the national police force) and attends a starchy Catholic girls’ school, where she daydreams through her lessons and sneaks cigarettes with her best friend. But Bárbara Lombardo, the extraordinary young actress who plays Cristina, has the kind of soft, melancholy features that seem to hold reservoirs of emotion, as if she were haunted by the memory — or perhaps the premonition — of an unbearable hurt."

</doc>
<doc id="20345309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345309" title="Bonds Career Center">
Bonds Career Center

J. Harley Bonds Career Center is a career-oriented school in Greer, South Carolina. Led by Wayne Rhodes (formerly Riverside High School principal), Phillip Beckwith, and Andy Laye
It is a selective school that accepts students ranging from grades 9-12. Set in the old Greer High School building, Bonds Career Center is a part of Greenville County School District. At Bonds, students have the opportunity to pursue a technical career interest while earning high school credit and dual credit (college credit). Some programs are one year and some are two years with each culminating in students earning licenses, national certification, or college credit. The courses are designed for students who are planning on pursuing a two-year associate degree, a four-year degree, or a career after graduation.
As of 2008, it supports 296 students from five different schools:
Professions.
Bonds Career Center offers a cluster of many different professions, the most popular being:

</doc>
<doc id="20345316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345316" title="Skyline Trail (Jasper National Park)">
Skyline Trail (Jasper National Park)

The Skyline Trail is located in Jasper National Park, Alberta, Canada.
It is well known for its scenic views, with much of the hike being located above the treeline. It is also infamous for its variable weather; as it is above the treeline, this can become a problem for hikers.
NTS Map: 083C13
Elevation Gain: 1,380 m (4,526 ft).
The Skyline Trail has recently been recognized as critical Woodland Caribou habitat. The Woodland Caribou is a threatened Species-at-Risk in Canada. In an attempt to reduce stressors on this disappearing icon of the Canadian wilderness Parks Canada has banned dogs from all Caribou habitat in Jasper National Park.
The Skyline Trail in Jasper National Park is recognized as one of the best backpacking trails in the Canadian Rockies. Ben Gadd, who is from Jasper, said that it is "the best hike in the Rockies." With 25 km of the total 44.1 km of the trail at or above the treeline, it offers magnificent views of the surrounding mountains and valleys. It is normally hiked over two days from Maligne Lake to the bottom of Signal Mountain, but it alternatively may be hiked at a more moderate pace over 3 to 4 days. It is recommended to hike the trail south to north from Maligne Lake, as the fire road descending to Signal Mountain on the north end is an 800m elevation loss. There are three challenging passes to conquer, including the highest section of trail in Jasper National Park. There are campgrounds at 5 km, 8 km, 12 km, 19 km, 30 km, and 35 km, offering options for hikers of any persuasion (Evelyn Creek, Little Shovel, Snowbowl, Curator, Tekarra, and Signal respectively). The campgrounds are well established, offering tent pads, picnic tables, bear poles with metal cables and conncectors and toilets. Hikers must bring their own stoves as campfires are banned.
There are two main ways to enter the Skyline Trail. The majority of visitors people opt for the main trail; from the parking lot at Maligne Lake, the hike begins with a gentle walk through the forest past Lorraine and Mona Lakes, before crossing the Evelyn Creek bridge to the campground. The second option, adding 4 km and 500m of elevation gain, is to climb the Bald Hills by using a well-established short cut for a magnificent view of Maligne Lake before heading down the fireroad and joining the trail to the Evelyn Creek bridge.
Evelyn Creek campground is a beautiful camping spot in the forest adjacent to the creek, but it is recommended that it be passed over for campgrounds at higher elevations. Following Evelyn Creek Campground the trail climbs to Little Shovel Pass. Because the campground after Little Shovel, Snowbowl, is heavily used, if possible Little Shovel Campground is an excellent option for an overnight stay, especially as it is situated part way up Little Shovel Pass so it offers a respite from the steady climb. From Little Shovel Campground, the trail breaks out of the trees into the upper subalpine, continuing its climb to Little Shovel Pass at 10 km. Entering the Snowbowl, the Skyline Trail can be seen meandering through open meadows until it enters the trees wherein the Snowbowl Campground is sheltered.
Snowbowl is equally popular in winter as it is in summer, as it contains a small cabin called Shangrila, built by the legendary Jasper guide Donald "Curly" Phillips in 1936 for skiing enthusiasts. The cabin, administered by the Maligne Lake Ski Club, is not available to summer hikers. Call 1-780-852-3665 for more info.
From Snowbowl Campground, the beautiful, slow ascent rises through flower-filled meadows to Little Shovel Pass at 17 km. In 1911 Jack Otto guided the very famous Mary Schaffer to this pass on the way to her survey of Maligne Lake, but unfortunately found the way blocked by snow. This did not stop the intrepid adventurer, and the party dug their way through the pass using shovels fashioned from trees. The shovels were then left behind, and Mary declared the pass "Shovel Pass." The shovels are now displayed at the museum in Jasper.
Crossing into the Curator Basin, the trail swings right, past the junction with the Watchtower Trail. A 4 km descent into this valley leads to the Watchtower Campground, an excellent option as Curator Campground is heavily used and often fully booked, and a fitting destination in its own right.
Returning to the trail section in the Curator Basin, the Skyline Trail continues to the Wabasso Creek Trail junction at 19 km. Less than 1 km further along this trail is Curator Campground. A little further still is Shovel Pass Lodge, which does allow use by hikers; more frequently, however, horse trips use this lodge as a waypoint. Both the Watchtower and Wabasso trails are good foul weather escape routes off the Skyline, which as mentioned can be necessary as the weather along the Skyline Trail can be treacherous. Beyond the Wabasso junction the Skyline Trail passes Curator Lake then makes a sudden, steep ascent to the Notch at 22 km the highest point on the Skyline at 2511m.
The next 4 km of the trail are along the crest of the Maligne Range, which is completely exposed to both breathtaking mountain views and precarious mountain weather. The descent to Tekarra Campground follows a tortuous trail through rocky valley with Mount Tekarra on the left and Excelsior on the right. Centre Mountain dominates the head of the valley, lending its name to the creek and lakes below. Following Lower Centre Lake, the trail enters Tekarra Campground at 30 km. From Tekarra Campground, the trail crosses Centre Creek and borders the shoulders of Tekarra and Signal Mountains to the junction with the Signal Mountain Fire road. The fire road climbs uphill for 1 km to the old Signal Mountain fire lookout site, which is recommended if time and energy allow. Descending to the right, the fire road passes the junction into Signal Campground, then quickly descends further into the forest for the final leg of the trip. 800m of vertical are surrendered over the final 9 km. The Maligne Lake Shuttle offers frequents trips back to the Maligne Lake Parking Lot for those without two vehicles, but as they are often busy reservations should be made.
The Skyline Trail is one of the busiest in the Rockies and therefore reservations must be made. The Jasper Trail Office at 1-780-852-6177 accepts reservations up to three months in advance.
The Friends of Jasper (www.friendsofjasper.com) organization is an excellent source of maps such as Gemtreks "1:100000 Jasper and Maligne Lake," or more detailed to The Skyline Trail not only offers gorgeous mountain scenery but is also the home range of animals that stand today as icons of the mountain wilderness. Wolves and mountain lions, though seldom seen, roam these high valleys in search of prey. Grizzly bears can be spotted digging for ground squirrels or munching on plants in trail side meadows and as a special treat for the lucky few, woodland caribou call the area home as well.
pographical maps are offered by the Government of Canada, such as the 1:50000 "83C12 Athabasca Falls" and "83C13 Medicine Lake."
Animals.
The Skyline Trail not only offers gorgeous mountain scenery but is also the home range of animals that stand today as icons of the mountain wilderness. Wolves and mountain lions, though seldom seen, roam these high valleys in search of prey. Grizzly bears can be spotted digging for ground squirrel's caches or munching on plants in trail side meadows and as a special treat for the lucky few, woodland caribou call the area home as well.
I

</doc>
<doc id="20345321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345321" title="Roberto Escobar and Igón Lerchundi">
Roberto Escobar and Igón Lerchundi

Roberto Escobar (born in Buenos Aires, 1927) and Igón Lerchundi (born in Basque Country, 1934) were pioneers in the art of miming in Argentina and in Latin America. In 1959 they both founded the "Compañía Argentina de Mimos" (Argentine Mime Company) and toured around many countries in America and Europe. They later participated in the First International Pantomime Festival, which took place in Berlin in 1962, along with the most renowned mimes in the world (Marcel Marceau, Kabuki from Tokyo, etc.) Based on their success in this Festival they organized a long tour throughout Europe. At that time they had the opportunity to study in Paris with Etienne Decroux, the creator of 20th-century miming. Throughout their long careers they have obtained innumberable national and international awards. In 1973 they created the "Mimoteatro Escobar-Lerchundi" (Escobar-Lerchundi Mimetheatre), the only theatre dedicated to miming in America and one of the few in the world. Their Miming School is located at this theatre, in the traditional San Telmo district, where they receive students from all over the country and the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20345327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345327" title="Mike Bloom (musician)">
Mike Bloom (musician)

Michael Evan Bloom (born April 5, 1975 in Manhasset, New York) is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist who has played with artists such as Rilo Kiley, Jenny Lewis, Rachael Yamagata, Johnathan Rice, Margot & the Nuclear So and So's, and has been co-member of The Elected. Mike has been touring since 2010 and an active member in Julian Casablancas' (of The Strokes) band. He is the brother of actor/writer Brian Bloom and actor/producer/director Scott Bloom.
Mike was a de facto member of Rilo Kiley from 2004–2005, touring with the band to promote the record, "More Adventurous".
He plays guitar, harmonica, banjo, bass, drums, 12-string guitar, and lap steel guitar. He is also a composer and has served as music supervisor for films such as "Whatever We Do".
Mike has also produced and or engineered tracks or complete records by Rilo Kiley, The Elected, Alan Semerdjian, and Adam Mugavero. Mike's first solo album, "King Of Circles", is being released in June 2011 on Pierre de Reeder's Rilo Kiley label Little Record Company.
He is the brother of actor Brian Bloom, and producer Scott Bloom.
Album appearances.
Warner Bros. Records (2008)

</doc>
<doc id="20345339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345339" title="Synagogues of Jerusalem">
Synagogues of Jerusalem

This article deals with some of the notable synagogues of Jerusalem.
Former synagogues.
Beis Aharon Synagogue of Karlin-Stolin.
In around 1870 the first Karlin-Stolin Hasidim settled in Jerusalem and by 1874 had established their own synagogue in the Old City. It was named Beis Aharon (House of Aaron) after a work authored by Rabbi Aharon II Perlow of Karlin (1802–1872).
After it was destroyed during the 1948 Israel War of Independence, a new centre was established in Jerusalem’s Beis Yisrael neighbourhood.
Chesed El Synagogue.
The Chesed El Synagogue was a synagogue located on Chabad Street in the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem. It was established by immigrants from Iraq in 1853 and served as a centre for Jews of Iraqi descent living in Jerusalem. 
It also served as a yeshiva for kabbalists and had a famous library of Kabbalistic works.
The synagogue was active until the fall of the Jewish Quarter during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War when it was taken over by an Arab family. After the Six Day War the building became the centre of Bnei Akiva and didn’t revert to use as a synagogue.
Yanina Synagogue.
The Yanina Synagogue, was a Romaniote synagogue established by the Jews of Yanina, Greece. It was located in the Christian Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem. The community also has a synagogue in the "new city", located in the Ohel Moshe neighborhood of Nahlaot.
Active synagogues.
Menachem Zion Synagogue.
The Menachem Zion Synagogue located in the Jewish Quarter of the Old City, Jerusalem, Israel, was completed in 1837. Built by the "Perushim," it was named after their leader Rabbi Menachem Mendel of Shklov and after the blessing of consolation recited on "Tisha B'Av": "Blessed be He who consoles ("menachem") Zion and rebuilds Jerusalem". Rabbi Daniel Sperber leads the congregation.
Hurva Synagogue.
The Hurva Synagogue (English: Ruined Synagogue) was originally intended for construction in the 18th century. A small building was constructed, but due to financial difficulties, the intended larger building was not completed. The building was destroyed by an earthquake, and a second attempt to build a large synagogue was blocked by Arab landowners in the early 19th century failed. In the 1830s, multiple small synagogues were built around the site. In the 1860s, the large synagogue was completed. It was destroyed by the Jordanians following the 1948 Israeli War of Independence. The synagogue was rebuilt in 2009 and is a distinguished feature of Jerusalem's Old City skyline.

</doc>
<doc id="20345360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345360" title="Aleksander von Kothen">
Aleksander von Kothen


</doc>
<doc id="20345362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345362" title="John Paul the Great Catholic High School (Indiana)">
John Paul the Great Catholic High School (Indiana)

John Paul the Great Catholic High School was a Roman Catholic high school which opened in Jasper, Indiana, in 2009 with nine students in ninth and tenth grades. It is located within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Evansville. Its namesake is Pope John Paul II, who died in 2005. The school closed at the end of the 2011-12 school year with a total of 13 students. 
Background.
Plans for the school began in 1999. The school's classrooms were on the third floor of St. Joseph’s parish center.

</doc>
<doc id="20345367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345367" title="Uncial 0242">
Uncial 0242

Uncial 0242 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 4th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Matthew 8:25-9:2; 13:32-38,40-46, on two parchment leaves (23 cm by 20 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Egyptian Museum (no. 71942) in Cairo. 
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 

</doc>
<doc id="20345370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345370" title="Biographies of Mozart">
Biographies of Mozart

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart died after a short illness on 5 December 1791. His reputation as a composer, already strong during his lifetime, rose rapidly in the years after his death, and he became (as he has remained to this day) one of the most celebrated of all composers.
Shortly after Mozart's death, biographers began to piece together accounts of his life, relying on the testimony of those still living who knew him, as well as surviving correspondence. The creation of Mozart biographies has been an activity of scholars ever since.
Early biographers.
Friedrich Schlichtegroll was a teacher and a scholar who published Mozart's obituary in 1793. The obituary was part of a volume of obituaries referred to as Nekrolog. The two had never met. Most of the information was obtained from Nannerl, Mozart's sister, and Johann Andreas Schachtner, a friend of the family in Mozart's early years. Therefore what Schlichtegroll knew and wrote about was the period before Vienna.
Franz Xaver Niemetschek was a citizen of Prague, a teacher and writer. Niemetschek allegedly met with Mozart and claimed to have been acquainted with Mozart's friends in Prague. After Mozart's death, his widow Constanze sent Carl, the elder son, to live with him from 1792-97. Through these relationships with the family, Niemetschek gathered the information needed to write a biography of Mozart. His main source was Constanze and Mozart's friends in Prague. Therefore his emphasis was on Mozart's years in Vienna and his many trips to Prague. Based on research by Austrian scholar Walther Brauneis, much doubt has recently been cast on the veracity of Niemetschek's claim that he actually made Mozart's personal acquaintance.
Friedrich Rochlitz was the editor of the "Allgemeine Musikalische Zeitung" (AMZ), a journal published by Breitkopf & Hartel. Motivated by the wish to publicize the company's edition in progress of the composer's works, he published a number of anecdotes about Mozart, many of them vivid and entertaining. However, since the research of Solomon 1991, Mozart scholars have considered Rochlitz's stories so contaminated by Rochlitz's own fictional additions that they must be considered completely unreliable. They continue to play a role in forming the popular image of the composer.
I. T. F. C. Arnold, an author of Gothic novels, wrote "Mozart's Geist", published in Erfurt in 1803. According to William Stafford, the work is "almost entirely plagiarized from Schlichtegroll, Niemetschek, and perhaps Rochlitz"; Stafford does not trust any other material that appears in this work, though he notes that some of it was adopted for appearance in later Mozart biographies.
Georg Nikolaus Nissen was the second husband of Mozart's wife Constanze. Both he and Constanze had a strong interest in Mozart biography. They were able to pursue this interest following Nissen's retirement from the Danish civil service, when the couple moved to Salzburg (where Mozart had lived for much of his life up to age 25). Much of the Nissen biography included what had been previously written by Schlichtegroll, Niemetschek, and Rochlitz, but Nissen also had access to a great number of Mozart family letters given him by Nannerl. Unfortunately, Nissen died in 1826 having only written a small portion of the work, and it was completed (1828) from his notes by others. Stafford (1993) writes: "Sometimes Nissen corrects the chunks he borrows, and occasionally he tells the reader that he has done this ... unfortunately, he does not always correct and revise in this way. Assembling his narrative with scissors and paste, he allows contradictions to creep in." 
Vincent and Mary Novello made a pilgrimage to Salzburg in 1829, to visit Mozart's surviving relatives and to provide financial support to Nannerl (whom they mistakenly imagined to be impoverished). They did interviews of Nannerl, Constanze, and Mozart's sister-in-law Sophie Haibel, but never converted this material into a biography. The diaries were discovered and published in 1955.
Later biographies.
A very important Mozart biography was that published in 1856 by Otto Jahn. Jahn brought a new standard of scholarship to the field. It is still active as a scholarly document, circulating in versions revised first by Hermann Abert, then by the contemporary Mozart scholar Cliff Eisen.
The Mozart scholar Otto Erich Deutsch produced (English version 1965) a widely cited "documentary" biography, in which most of the material is reprinted documentary evidence, tied together by Deutsch's own commentary. 
A great number of additional biographies exist, of which notably recent ones include those by Volkmar Braunbehrens, Maynard Solomon, and Ruth Halliwell.

</doc>
<doc id="20345380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345380" title="Three dots">
Three dots

Three dots can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20345388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345388" title="Autoimmune thyroiditis">
Autoimmune thyroiditis

Autoimmune thyroiditis, or Chronic Autoimmune thyroiditis, is a disease in which the body interprets the thyroid glands and its hormone products T3, T4 and TSH as threats, therefore producing special antibodies that target the thyroid’s cells, thereby destroying it. It presents with hypothyroidism or hyperthyroidism and the presence or absence of goiters. 
Specialists clinically separate autoimmune thyroiditis into two categories. If goiters are present, it is understood as Hashimoto’s Thyroiditis. On the other hand, if the thyroid is atrophic, but does not present goiters, it is denominated Atrophic Thyroiditis. 
If the symptoms of thyroiditis appear in women after giving birth, it is attributed to such and therefore called Postpartum Thyroiditis. 
The effects of this disease are not permanent but transient. Symptoms may come and go depending on whether the patient receives treatment, and whether the treatment is effective.
Signs and symptoms.
The symptoms for autoimmune thyroiditis may vary depending on whether it causes hyperthyroidism or hypothyroidism.
Hyperthyroidism.
Hyperthyroidism can cause sweating, rapid heart rate, anxiety, tremors, fatigue, difficulty sleeping, sudden weight loss, and protruding eyes.
Hypothyroidism.
Hypothyroidism can cause weight gain, fatigue, dry skin, hair loss, intolerance to cold, and constipation.
Genetics.
“Thyroid autoimmunity is familial.” The disease is said to be inherited as a dominant trait since it has been reported that as many as fifty percent of the first degree relatives of patients with some type of autoimmune thyroiditis present thyroid antibodies in serum. Some studies have even related it to chromosome 21 because of its high correlation with patients with Down’s syndrome and familial Alzheimer’s disease. Still, this theory is doubted, since patients with Turner’s syndrome also present a high prevalence of autoimmune thyroiditis (up to fifty percent).
High iodine consumption.
Autoimmune thyroiditis has a higher prevalence in societies that have a higher intake of iodine in their diet, such as the United States and Japan. Also, the rate of lymphositic infiltration increased in areas where the iodine intake was once low, but had been given iodine supplementation. “The prevalence of positive serum tests in such areas rises to over forty percent within 0.5 to 5 years.” When in the presence of excess iodine, the gland is unable to avoid its inhibitory effect on the biosynthesis of thyroid hormones. This is why when a person has excess iodine in his or her diet or is administered with additional supplementation in areas where sufficient iodine has been noted, it can induce reversible hypothyroidism.
Age.
It has been shown that “the prevalence of positive tests for thyroid antibodies increases with age, with a frequency as high as 33 percent in women 70 years old or older.” The mean age of prevalence in women is higher than in men by one year, 58 and 59 years old respectively. Autoimmune thyroiditis can also affect children. Although it is very rare for children under the age of five, it can occur, and it accounts for around 40 percent of the cases in adolescents with goiters. In the case of hypothyroidism, patients over the age of 45 have more chances of developing autoimmune thyroiditis.
Mechanism.
Thyroid autoantibodies appear mostly with the presence of lymphocytes in the targeted organ. Lymphocytes produce antibodies targeting three different thyroid proteins: Thyroid peroxidase Antibodies (TPOAb), Thyroglobulin Antibodies (TgAb), and Thyroid stimulating hormone receptor Antibodies (TRAb). Some patients who are healthy may be positive for more than one of these antibodies. Doctors who attend to such patients will most likely do routine follow-ups on the patient’s health since, even though it is highly unlikely that they will present any thyroid problems, there is still a chance that they will develop some type of dysfunction with time.
Diagnosis.
There are various tests that can be made depending on the symptoms the patient presents. Doctors may search for TPOAb when the patient has symptoms that suggest hypothyroidism or when said patient will be started on a drug therapy associated with risks of developing hypothyroidism, such as lithium or Interferon alfa. This antibody is related to Hashimoto's thyroiditis and Grave’s disease. 
They may look for TgAb whenever a thyroglobulin test is performed to see if the antibody is present and likely to interfere. It can also be ordered in regular intervals after the patient has been diagnosed with thyroid cancer, and just like TPOAb, it can be associated with Hashimoto’s thyroiditis. 
In the case that the patient presents symptoms for hyperthyroidism, the doctors are more likely to test for TRAb, as well as monitoring the effects of anti- thyroid therapy, also associated with Grave’s disease.
Types.
It can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20345407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345407" title="Cardinal Pacelli School">
Cardinal Pacelli School

Cardinal Pacelli School is a Catholic school located in Cincinnati, Ohio in the heart of Mount Lookout, covering preschool, kindergarten, and first through eighth grades.
History.
In September 1927, a 4-room school building was built and opened with the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur in charge. Enrollment was initially 108 students, but by 1936 it was 202 students and a larger school building was planned.
On October 31, 1937, Eugenio Cardinal Pacelli, Secretary of State to His Holiness Pope Pius XI, blessed the cornerstone for the new school. To honor the visit of the Cardinal, the new building was named The Cardinal Pacelli School. 
In 1962, a second floor with eight classrooms and a principal’s office was added to the school building. In 1971 the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur found it necessary to end their relationship with the school due to declining vocations and pressing needs in other ministries.
In 1993 the parish completed construction of its Parish Center which includes a gym, art room and meeting rooms. At that time the original school gym was remodeled into offices, a new school library and a computer lab. Since that time the gym has been remodeled adding a second floor, including a science lab, Computer Lab, art room and library. The first floor of the old gym has been turned in to new school offices and kindergarten classrooms.
High School Attendance.
Cardinal Pacelli is generally a feeder school to Cincinnati area private Catholic high schools Such as St. Xavier High School (Cincinnati), Archbishop Moeller High School, Archbishop McNicholas High School, St. Ursula Academy and Ursuline Academy.
Awards.
In 2008, the school was named a Blue Ribbon School

</doc>
<doc id="20345427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345427" title="Stephanie Willemse">
Stephanie Willemse

Stephanie Willemse is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Scotland in Miss World 2008 in South Africa, after which she began working as a model.

</doc>
<doc id="20345430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345430" title="Charles Heathcote Tatham">
Charles Heathcote Tatham

Charles Heathcote Tatham (8 February 1772, Westminster, London – 10 April 1842, London), was an English architect of the early nineteenth century.
Early life.
He was born in Duke Street, Westminster, the youngest of five sons of Ralph Tatham who had come to London from Stockton in County Durham, by his wife Elizabeth Bloxham, the daughter of a well to do hosier in Cateaton Street. The father was first a "Spanish merchant", went bankrupt, became a horse breeder in Essex, went bankrupt again, and was then asked in 1779 by Captain (afterwards Lord) Rodney, whom he had sheltered from his creditors “a great deal of his time” at Havering, if he would like to be his secretary in his command of the Leeward Islands fleet. Ralph Tatham, at 47, rose to the challenge, accepted, and set out for Portsmouth. Unfortunately he fell ill on the way and died of cholera at the Castle & Falcon in Aldersgate Street. 
Charles was educated at Louth grammar school in Lincolnshire (Lincs), as was his elder brother Henry, later a gun-maker and sword-cutler by Charing Cross; his eldest brother Thomas became a cabinet maker and "upholsterer to the Prince Regent", his brothers William and John respectively a naval officer and a London solicitor.
Career.
Returning to London at the age of 16, he was engaged as a clerk by Samuel Pepys Cockerell, architect and surveyor. Learning nothing there, as he thought, he ran away, and returned to his mother's lodgings, where he remained working hard for a year or more at the five orders of architecture and French ornament and studying mathematics.
When he was nearly 19 Henry Holland, the Prince of Wales's architect in the alterations of Carlton House and the Pavilion, Brighton, received him into his house, and two years later offered him £60 a year for two years to enable him to pursue his studies at Rome. He was introduced to Holland through his relative John Linnell who was in charge of one of London's leading cabinet-maker and upholsterer's firms and a rival to Thomas Chippendale. At Holland's office Tatham designed and drew at large all the ornamental decorations for Drury Lane Theatre. The whole proscenium was marked off from his drawings by Charles Catton the younger, who painted the designs in fresco. The executed design for the boxes in the theater were by Linnell and they survive at the V&A in the Print Room.
Together with Samuel Wyatt he also designed Dropmore House in Buckinghamshire which was built in the 1790s for Lord Grenville, later the Prime Minister who pushed through the law abolishing the slave trade.
With Holland's help, and a loan of £100 from John Birch, surgeon-extraordinary to the king, he felt justified in May 1794 in starting for Italy. Until 1797 he spent his time industriously, chiefly in Rome and Naples in company with Signor Asprucci, architect to Prince Borghese and Don Isidoro Velasquez, an exhibitioner from the academy of Madrid, both, like Tatham, students of classical architecture.
Tatham's chief friends during his stay in Italy were Canova, Madame Angelica Kauffman and her husband; Abbate Carlo Bonomi, brother of Joseph Bonomi, RA ; Sir William and Lady Hamilton at Naples; and lastly, Frederick Howard, 5th Earl of Carlisle, to whose long friendship and patronage he owed much of his success. He left Rome a month or so before Bonaparte's first attack on the papal states in 1797; returning through Dresden, Berlin, and Prague, and making architectural drawingson the way. As the result of his studies he etched and published in 1799 "Ancient Ornamental Architecture at Rome and in Italy". A second edition, containing more than a hundred plates, appeared in 1803, and a German translation was published at Weimar in 1805.
His old master, Holland, had also commissioned him to collect in Italy antique fragments relating to ornamental architecture. He got together a noble assemblage, which was brought to England two years later. Tatham published a description of them in 1806. As of about 1895, they, along with his own collection of architectural drawings made at the same time, were in the collection of Sir John Soane in Lincoln's Inn Fields. Tatham first exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1797, and continued to do so until 1836, contributing in all fifty-three designs.
On 15 August 1799 the treasury issued a general invitation to artists to send competitive designs for a national monument of a pillar or obelisk two hundred feet high upon a basement of thirty feet "in commemoration of the late glorious victories of the British navy." Tatham sent in three designs. Finding, after more than two years had passed, that no decision had been made, he published them as etchings, with descriptive text and a dedication to the Earl of Carlisle, in 1802. The project ultimately took shape in the Nelson's Column in Trafalgar Square, William Railton in 1843.
In 1802 Tatham designed the sculpture gallery at Castle Howard, and did work at Naworth, Cumberland, for the Earl of Carlisle; and in 1807 the picture gallery at Brocklesby, Lincolnshire, for Lord Yarborough. His etchings for the designs of these galleries, both in the severe classical style in vogue at the time, were published in 1811. Before 1816 he designed for the Duke of Bridgwater the portion of Cleveland House, St. James's, which lay to the west of the gallery.This building was destroyed when Sir Charles Barry designed the later Bridgwater House in 1847. 
Tatham moved from 101 Park Street, Mayfair, first to York Place, and then to a house with a beautiful garden in Alpha Road, which he built for himself. He lived on intimate terms with Thomas Chevalier, surgeon to George III, Benjamin Robert Haydon, Samuel Bagster the publisher, and John Linnell.
At the same time he was apt to be masterful and litigious in professional matters, and engaged in lawsuits most unwisely with more than one of his employers. Refusing work for builders and others, he lost his practice. In 1834 he fell into pecuniary difficulties and his house and collection of objects of interest were sold, and at the age of 62 it seemed that he would have to begin life anew. His friends, however, the Right Hon. Thomas Grenville, the Duchess of Sutherland and others rallied round him, and in 1837 obtained for him the post of warden of Holy Trinity Hospital, Greenwich, where he ended his days happily and usefully.
Family.
Tatham married, in 1801, Harriet Williams, the daughter of a famous button-maker in St. Martin's Lane. By her he had four sons and six daughters. His eldest son Frederick Tatham, sculptor and afterwards portrait-painter, exhibited forty-eight pictures in the Royal Academy between 1825 and 1854. He was the close friend of William Blake and his wife. His second son, Arthur Tatham, was for more than forty years rector of Broadoak and Boconnoc in Cornwall, and prebendary of Exeter Cathedral. His second daughter, Julia, in 1831, married George Richmond the portrait-painter, the father of Sir William Blake Richmond, KCB RA. 
Tatham, who was member of the Academy of St. Luke at Rome, of the Institute of Bologna, and of the Architects' Society of London, left behind him copious reminiscences which had not been published by 1895. Also around 1895, a portrait of Tatham by Thomas Kearsley was in possession of his grandson, the Rev. Canon Richmond, and recently purchased at Sotheby's by his twice great-great-great grandson William Rann Kennedy. Also a large crayon portrait by Benjamin Robert Haydon was in the print-room of the British Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20345432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345432" title="Canon de 4 de Vallière">
Canon de 4 de Vallière

The Canon de 4 de Vallière was a type of cannon designed by the French officer Florent-Jean de Vallière ( 1667-1759), Director-General of the Battalions and Schools of the Artillery.
The cannon was a result of the Royal Ordonnance of October 7, 1732, edicted to reorganize and standardize the King's artillery
Whereas numerous formats and designs had been in place in the French army, De Vallière standardized the French sizes in artillery pieces, by allowing only for the production of 24, 12, 8 and 4 pound guns, mortars of 13 and 9 inches, and stone-throwing mortars of 16 inches. The 24-pdr was the largest caliber available to French artillery in this system.
The cannon used core drilling of the bore of cannons founded in one piece of bronze, a method developed at that time by Jean Maritz, which allowed for much higher precision of the bore shape and surface, and therefore higher shooting efficiency.
As with other de Valliere guns, the 4-pdr was also highly decorated and contained numerous designs and inscriptions.
Front part.
Starting with the front part, the gun had a sight design at it extremity. The followed the name of the gun (here "Le Pénétrant"). Then, a Latin phrase "Ultima Ratio Regum", initially introduced by Louis XIV, and rather descriptive of the role of the gun: "The Last Argument of the King". Under that appears the name "Louis Charles de Bourbon, "comte d'Eu, duc d'Aumale"", the "Grand Maître de l'artillerie de France" (Grand Master of the Artillery of France), followed by a royal emblem. In the middle of the cannon are trunnions, used to position the gun in place and elevate or depress it. On top of the trunnions are dolphin-shaped ornaments, which are used in lifting the gun.
Back part.
The back part consists in, sometimes, an inscription showing the weight of the cannon ball (for example a "4" for a 4-pounder), followed by a Latin inscription ""Nec pluribus impar"", meaning that the King is "Not unequal to many (suns)". This is followed by the royal crest of the Bourbon dynasty. At the bottom of the gun, the location and date of manufacture are inscribed, and finally the name and title of the founder (in the example "Fondu par J. Gor, Commissaire des Fontes"). The breech is decorated with an animal face showing the rating of the gun ("Face in a sunburst" for a 4-pounder).
Operational activity.
Numerous de Valliere guns were used in the American War of Independence, especially the smaller 4-pdr field guns. The guns were shipped from France, and the field carriages provided for in the US. These guns played an important role in such battles as the Battle of Saratoga, or the Siege of Yorktown.

</doc>
<doc id="20345443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345443" title="Nagpur railway station">
Nagpur railway station

Nagpur Railway Station is a railway station in Nagpur, Maharashtra, India.
Nagpur is the geographical centre of India and one of India's most important railway junctions. The Nagpur railways constitute a very significant part of the transport and communication system in Nagpur. Many people from the rest of the country and abroad visit Nagpur to spend a vacation or on a work-related tour. For these frequent visitors to the city, the railways of Nagpur along with the airways and the roadways are of immense importance.
A total of 160 trains from various destinations halt at Nagpur. These include passenger, express, mail, Duronto, Rajdhani, Garib Rath trains. Of these, 65 are daily trains and 26 terminate or originate from Nagpur. Almost 1.6 lakh passengers board or leave Nagpur Railway Station daily. Some important trains that are available at the Nagpur railway station are the CST Mumbai - Nagpur Duronto, Vishakapatnam Nizamuddin Samata Express, Mumbai-Gondia Vidarbha superfast Express, Bangalore Nizamudin Rajdhani Express, Mumbai Howrah Mail, Trivandrum Central - New Delhi Kerala Express, Chennai Central - New Delhi Tamil Nadu Express.
The railways at Nagpur were established a long time back, well before the independence of India, as Nagpur used to be an important city of India even then. 1867 marks the beginning of the Nagpur railways. In 1881, Nagpur was linked up with another important city of India, Kolkata, via the railways of the state of Chhattisgarh.
The original railway station of Nagpur was previously located towards the east of its current site. The present-day railway station of Nagpur was also put up in the pre-independence days. being established in 1924.
The railways in Nagpur are important not only because the city is one of the tourist destinations of the country and the second capital of the significant state of Maharashtra, but also because of its prime location. The railway station has a central location in the entire country and hence is strategically very important not only in the state but in the entire subcontinent of India.
Modernization.
Nagpur railway station has been included among the 22 stations in India which have been recommended to be upgraded to international standard. The work is to be carried out in the Public-Private Partnership (PPP) mode and the Central Railway has identified priority areas like security, safety and cleanliness for the station.
The plan to develop the close-situated Ajni station into a terminus is also under consideration in order to divert the traffic from the Nagpur railway station in the long run. A proposal to develop Ajni as a coaching complex is also underway.
Facilities.
The waiting area for passengers on platform No. 1 covers a large area. The main complex has waiting and retiring rooms for passengers awaiting connecting trains. It also has 'Comesum', the IRCTC authorized multicuisine food plaza in the main building, having seating capacity of 150 people.
The Retiring Rooms are available at the rent rates of 250 rupees, for those with air conditioning and 200 rupees without.
Trains Originating/Terminating at Nagpur.
Following are the trains which operate from the Nagpur Railway Station. More passing trains from Nagpur, are available for Bhopal via. Itarsi Junction, Gwalior, Jabalpur via. Balaghat Junction, Delhi, Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Indore, Jaipur, Lucknow, Agra, Benaras, Rajkot, Surat and almost, all the destinations throughout the India.

</doc>
<doc id="20345455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345455" title="Paul Kraatz">
Paul Kraatz


</doc>
<doc id="20345471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345471" title="Carl Fabian Langenskiöld">
Carl Fabian Langenskiöld


</doc>
<doc id="20345475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345475" title="Red Warszawa">
Red Warszawa

Red Warszawa is a heavy metal band from Copenhagen, Denmark. The band was formed in 1986 by "Lækre" Jens Mondrup and "Heavy" Henning Nymand. 
The band is one of the very few - if not the only - successful metal band singing their lyrics in the Danish language. There are many other successful Danish metal bands, all singing in English, but Red Warszawa also differs by entirely singing satirical lyrics about morbid things such as hard drinking, obesity, gay rape, eating children, children murdering the elderly and so on. Recurring themes are social misery and intoxicant abuse, nurturing the band's self-chosen image as being very stupid, uneducated and of low class and society.
History.
In 1986 "Lækre" Jens Mondrup and "Heavy" Henning Nymand's teacher played a song made by a Polish punk band. They liked it and decided to play it themselves, so they started the band today known as Red Warszawa. Around 1990 Red Warszawa changed their music style into Heavy Metal but they still claim they their style is Polish punk because they think it sounds much cooler.
Band name.
According to the band's website, the name was supposed to mean "Red Warsaw" - red as in the colour red, and Warsaw as in the capital of Poland. But the band members thought that the city was called "Warszawa" in English - as it is called in both Danish and Polish - so they named their band "Red Warszawa". "Red" in Danish means "save", and because of that, many Danes thought that "Red Warszawa" was an organisation like Save the Children (Danish: "Red Barnet").
"Red Warszawa" is pronounced as in English red and Danish "Warszawa".

</doc>
<doc id="20345486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345486" title="Frans Oskar Lilius">
Frans Oskar Lilius


</doc>
<doc id="20345505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345505" title="Nevena Lipovac">
Nevena Lipovac

Nevena Lipovac is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Serbia in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She studied economics.

</doc>
<doc id="20345520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345520" title="Uncial 0243">
Uncial 0243

Uncial 0243 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 10th century.
Description.
The codex contains a part of the Pauline epistles, with text 1 Cor. 13:42 - 2 Cor. 13:13, on 7 parchment leaves (32.5 cm by 24 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 48 lines per page, in uncial letters.
The Second Epistle to the Corinthians is complete.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 10th century.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II.
In 1 Corinthians 15:47 it reads δευτερος ανθρωπος along with א*, B, C, D, F, G, 33, 1739, it, vg, copbo eth. Other manuscripts read δευτερος ο κυριος (630, δευτερος ανθρωπος ο κυριος (אc, A, Dc, K, P, Ψ, 81, 104, 181, 326, 330, 436, 451, 614, 629, 1241, 1739mg, 1877, 1881, 1984, 1985, 2127, 2492, 2495, Byz, Lect), δευτερος ανθρωπος πνευματικος (formula_146).
In 1 Corinthians 15:54 it lacks το φθαρτον τουτο ενδυσηται αφθαρσιαν και along with 088, 0121a, 1175, 1739;
In 2 Corinthians 11:14 it has reading ου θαυμα as have codices Sinaiticus, Vaticanus, Bezae, Augiensis, Boernerianus, Porphyrianus, Uncial 098, Minuscule 6, 33, 81, 326, 365, 630, 1175, 1739, 1881, 2464; the majority has the reading ου θαυμαστον (D2, Ψ, 0121a, Byz).
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Biblioteca Marciana, 983 (II, 181) in Venice. 

</doc>
<doc id="20345528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345528" title="Verner Lindberg">
Verner Lindberg

Education.
Lindberg attended the Helsinki University of Technology from 1868 to 1872 and the Polytechnic Institute 1872-1874.
Professional Life.
From 1874 to 1878 Lindberg worked as an engineer for the national railway. He progressed through the ranks of civil engineer, starting as a junior engineer 1881-1892, senior engineer 1892-1893 and supervisor 1893-1906.
Lindberg was a member of the Senate Finance Committee and Maritime Administration Manager from 1908 to 1909.
Personal Life.
Lindberg was a child of Karl Fredrik Lindberg and Johanna Margareta Öhman. In 1884, Lindberg married Emma Maria Souranderin.

</doc>
<doc id="20345542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345542" title="Red Warszawa discography">
Red Warszawa discography

Red Warszawa is a Heavy metal band from Copenhagen, Denmark formed in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20345548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345548" title="Elena Angione">
Elena Angione

Elena Angione is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Seychelles in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She works for Air Seychelles as a supervisor/customer services officer.

</doc>
<doc id="20345549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345549" title="Oskari Wilho Louhivuori">
Oskari Wilho Louhivuori


</doc>
<doc id="20345553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345553" title="Nan Agle">
Nan Agle

Nan Hayden Agle (April 13, 1905 – February 14, 2006) was an American author of children's books. She was born in Baltimore, Maryland, to Charles Swett Hayden and Emily Spencer Hayden. She was a granddaughter of the chief editorial writer for the "Baltimore Sun" Edward Spencer. She married Harold H. Cecil in 1925 and married John Agle in 1947. She was educated at Goucher College and the Maryland Institute of Art.
Nan was an art teacher at Friends Schools in Baltimore and at the Baltimore Museum of Art, and was a member of Delta Gamma sorority. She and Ellen Wilson co-authored a series of children's books known as the "Three Boys" series, about the adventures of triplet boys. In 1973 she wrote a book titled 'Susan's Magic' later changed into 'Susan and Sereena and the Cat's Place. Another of her books documented the adventures of a former slave.
Nan died at the age of 100 at her home in Sykesville, Maryland, following a fall.

</doc>
<doc id="20345560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345560" title="Eastern Shores Library System">
Eastern Shores Library System

The Eastern Shores Library System is one of 17 public library systems in Wisconsin. Founded in 1987, it has 13 member libraries, with five in Ozaukee County and eight located in Sheboygan County, in addition to a bookmobile. Sheboygan's Mead Public Library serves as the resource library for the system. The current director of the ESLS is David Weinhold.
The ESLS covers , serving over 191,000 people. All thirteen libraries use the integrated library system provided by Polaris Library Systems, with the system's computerized card catalog system operating under the branding "EaSiCat" (for "Eastern Shores Catalog"). All residents of Ozaukee and Sheboygan counties may use the services provided by Eastern Shores and its member libraries. 
Mission.
"The Eastern Shores Library System is established as a federation of public libraries which has as its mission: to improve and extend public library service to all residents of the library system."
Services.
In 2001, ESLS initiated EasiCat, an "online shared automated catalog of all of the items owned by all of the libraries and the bookmobile." Customers can view items, place holds on them, and have them delivered to the library of their choice. EasiCat can be used in any of the libraries, as well as on any computer with Internet access.
ESLS provides a van delivery service that allows patrons to return books and other materials to any member library. In 2005, the van delivered approximately 655,132 items among 17 libraries, 5 days a week. It also makes stops at Kettle Moraine Correctional Institution and Lakeland College. 
Many of the items are those requested through Interlibrary loan. Eastern Shores also has reciprocal agreements with other Wisconsin public library systems, allowing users to check out materials while on vacation.
Eastern Shores operates a Bookmobile, which serves many of the communities in Ozaukee and Sheboygan Counties without libraries, and promotes future library use for customers. It primarily provides "popular and reading readiness materials in various formats," but also provides some reference and programming materials.
System member libraries.
Ozaukee County
Sheboygan County

</doc>
<doc id="20345562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345562" title="Hydnaceae">
Hydnaceae

The Hydnaceae are a family of fungi in the order Cantharellales. Originally the family encompassed all species of fungi that produced basidiocarps (fruit bodies) having a hymenium (spore-bearing surface) consisting of slender, downward-hanging tapering extensions referred to as "spines" or "teeth", whether they were related or not. This artificial but often useful grouping is now more generally called the hydnoid or tooth fungi. In the strict, modern sense, the Hydnaceae are limited to the genus "Hydnum" and related genera, with basidiocarps having a toothed or poroid hymenium. Species in the family are ectomycorrhizal, forming a mutually beneficial relationship with the roots of trees and other plants. "Hydnum repandum" (the hedgehog fungus) is an edible species, commercially collected in some countries and often marketed under the French name "pied de mouton".
Taxonomy.
History.
The family was originally described in 1826 by French botanist François Fulgis Chevallier to accommodate all the larger fungi with a toothed or spiny hymenium. As such, the family was entirely artificial, bringing together a diverse assemblage of species that have subsequently been reassigned to various families. In 1933, Dutch mycologist Marinus Anton Donk radically limited the Hydnaceae (which he referred to the tribe Hydneae) to "Hydnum repandum" and related species that produced "stichic" basidia (basidia with nuclear spindles arranged longitudinally). He considered this feature placed these species closer to the chanterelles (Cantharellaceae) than to other hydnoid fungi. Donk's disposition of the family was widely accepted and a standard 1995 text placed "Hydnum" and the Hydnaceae within the Cantharellales, though still retaining some additional genera ("Amylodontia", "Climacodon", "Corallofungus", "Dentinum", "Gloeomucro", "Nigrohydnum", "Phaeoradulum", and "Stegiacantha") within the family. Most of these have now been placed elsewhere.
Current status.
Molecular research, based on cladistic analysis of DNA sequences, has confirmed Donk's placement of the Hydnaceae as a family within the Cantharellales. The precise boundaries of the family have not been investigated, but it appears that the type and related species of the genus "Sistotrema" belong within the Hydnaceae, as well as most species of "Hydnum" itself. These "Sistotrema" species have poroid basidiocarps and are not closely related to the majority of ""Sistotrema"" species which may belong within the Clavulinaceae. The status of "Corallofungus" has not been investigated. According to the "Dictionary of the Fungi" (10th edition, 2008), the family contains 9 genera and 190 species.
Description.
The fruit bodies of species in the family have caps and stems that are usually centrally attached. Colors typically range from white to yellow to orange, and the teeth are typically lighter than the cap surface. The flesh is fleshy and brittle, and monomitic (consisting of generative hyphae only). The generative hyphae are thin-walled, branched, contain septa, and have clamp connections. Spores range in shape from roughly spherical to egg-shaped, have a smooth surface, and are colorless. A distinctive characteristic of many species in the family is the structure of the hymenium (spore-bearing surface), which consists of pendant, toothlike spines.
Habitat and distribution.
All species within the Hydnaceae are believed to be ectomycorrhizal, forming a mutually beneficial relationships with the roots of living trees and other plants. Basidiocarps typically occur on the ground or in leaf litter in woodland. The family has a cosmopolitan distribution.
Economic importance.
Several species of "Hydnum" are edible and "Hydnum repandum" is commercially collected and marketed in Europe, often under the French name "pied de mouton". In North America, the related "Hydnum umbilicatum" is also commercially collected, sometimes under the name "sweet tooth".

</doc>
<doc id="20345563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345563" title="Cody Images">
Cody Images

Cody Images is a private stock photography archive of military and transport images in Scotland. It is one of the largest image collections in Scotland, with over 200,000 images in their database and with access to 500,000 images in private collections .
History.
Originally named TRH pictures (The Research House), and based in Islington, London, the company was purchased by military historian 
Ted Nevill who is now the Director. In 2006 the company was renamed Cody Images, and relocated to offices in Beith, North Ayrshire, just outside of Glasgow.
Collections.
Cody Images specialises in aviation and warfare, however also holds space and transport collections. Collections including the history of flight, both civil and military. Over 100 years of warfare are illustrated starting with the American Civil War and including extensive coverage of World War II and Vietnam; images of weapons, training and conflict, on land, sea and in the air are 
held as are transport, whether on land or sea, including early British merchant shipping and steam railways.

</doc>
<doc id="20345569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345569" title="OJ da Juiceman">
OJ da Juiceman

Otis Williams, Jr. (born November 26, 1981), better known as OJ da Juiceman, is an American rapper. OJ Da Juiceman is founder of vanity label "32 Entertainment".
Early life.
Otis Williams, Jr. grew up with his single mother in eastern Atlanta, Georgia During the early 1990s, Williams met rapper Gucci Mane, who lived in the same apartment buildings,with whom he would later collaborate as OJ da Juiceman. Juiceman began his music career with Never Again Records, widely known for their 2004 Summer spin-off hit “Black Tee.” Following the creation of his own label 32 Entertainment, he partnered up with Gucci Mane, CEO of So Icey Entertainment. OJ released 6 mixtapes under 32 Entertainment and has been featured on many underground mixtapes featuring various artists.
Music career.
2008-2009: "The Otha Side of the Trap".
OJ da Juiceman was shot eight times in April 2008 and performed a show that same week. The shooting has since left him with a permanent limp. After releasing over a dozen mixtapes hosted by such DJs as DJ Drama, Trap-A-Holics, DJ Holiday, DJ 5150, OJ Da Juiceman founded the vanity label 32 Entertainment and signed to the Asylum Records in 2009. OJ's Asylum debut, "The Otha Side of the Trap", contained both new tracks and previously released mixtape tracks. The album included the single "I'm Gettin' Money" and another that featured Gucci Mane, "Make Tha Trap Say Aye". OJ also appeared on Jadakiss's single "Who's Real" and R. Kelly's "Supaman High" and has a new mixtape with DJ Holiday called "Alaska in Atlanta".
2010-present: "The Otis Williams Jr. Story".
OJ's second album was revealed to be titled "The Otis Williams Jr. Story". In 2011 & 2012 OJ released a slew of mixtapes, while he promoted his independent label 32 Entertainment. His most recent mixtape was "6 Ringz 2 (The Playoffs Edition)" released on March 2, 2013. The mixtape featured guest appearances from Young Scooter, Gorilla Zoe and others. Production was handled by Lex Luger, Metro Boomin, 808 Mafia and more. After getting in a Twitter feud with Gucci Mane in September 2013, OJ da Juiceman revealed he had never been officially signed to 1017 Brick Squad. On September 20, 2013, OJ da Juiceman revealed that "The Otis Williams Jr. Story" would be released digitally on November 23, 2013 by 32 Entertainment. On February 11, 2014 Oj Da Juiceman released the mixtape "Alaska in Atlanta 2" Hosted By DJ Holiday 
Other ventures.
32 Entertainment.
32 Entertainment, is an Atlanta, Georgia-based record label formed in 2007 by 1017 Brick Squad member OJ Da Juiceman. It is currently running independently.
Acting career.
In 2012 OJ made his acting debut & starred in the independent street film "Stuck On Broke".
Filmography.
Films.
2012: "Stuck On Broke" (as James Johnson)

</doc>
<doc id="20345595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345595" title="Birchills Power Station">
Birchills Power Station

Birchills Power Station (or Walsall Power Station) was a coal-fired power station near Walsall in the West Midlands, England.
History.
The first power station on the site was built for Walsall Corporation. Work began in 1914, and electricity was being generated by 1916, although the project was not officially completed until 1922. Cooling water was supplied by a pumping station on the Anson Branch canal, equipped with two Mather and Platt pumps capable of delivering 10.6 million gallons (48 Megalitres) per day. Spent water was discharged into the Wyrley and Essington Canal. Ownership of the station passed to the West Midlands Joint Electricity Authority in 1927, and then to the British Electricity Authority following nationalisation in 1948.
Construction of a second station, Walsall B, began soon after nationalisation. The station was officially opened on 30 September 1949. Comprising six cooling towers and six chimneys, with a total output of 191MW, (one of the largest and high output power plants, when it was first operational in 1949) the station burned 'slack' coal, which consisted of fragments of coal and coal dust. Coal was delivered by road, rail and canal. Water from the canal was used for cooling. The station closed in October 1982 after 33 years in use, and the stub of railway serving it west of Ryecroft Junction, was closed at the same time. The power station was closed as it was no longer deemed to be efficient, when much newer coal power stations built later in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s with six or eight cooling towers can generate up to ten times more electricity as technology improves with bigger generators becoming more apparrent on less coal consumption i.e. 2000MW+ than Birchills could.
It stood dormant or mothballed for nearly five years afterwards, finally being demolished in March 1987.
The substation it fed power to, also in birchills is still in exsistance today, but is now fed from Rugeley 'B' station.[http://www.flickr.com/photos/44242040@N08/4346432767/]

</doc>
<doc id="20345611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345611" title="Tyrilla Gouldson">
Tyrilla Gouldson

Tyrilla Gouldson is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Sierra Leone in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She has a diploma in Local Government Administration and a certificate in Accounting.

</doc>
<doc id="20345624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345624" title="List of Callan episodes">
List of Callan episodes

The following is a complete episode list for "Callan", given in broadcast order. There were a total of 44 episodes produced and broadcast among its four seasons. The first two series (or seasons) were recorded in black-and-white video and several episodes from these have been lost or wiped.
Pilot.
The pilot was broadcast in black and white.
Season 1.
This season was broadcast in black and white.
Season 2.
This season was broadcast in black and white.
Season 3.
This season was broadcast in colour.
Season 4.
This season was broadcast in colour.
Reunion television movie.
The reunion television movie was broadcast in colour.

</doc>
<doc id="20345644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345644" title="Ernst Nevanlinna">
Ernst Nevanlinna

He was a member of the Senate of Finland as well as member of the parliament from 1907 to 1922 and Speaker of the Parliament of Finland in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20345660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345660" title="HMS Boreas">
HMS Boreas

Four ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Boreas", after Boreas, the personification of the north wind in Greek mythology. A fourth was planned to bear the name, but never actually did:

</doc>
<doc id="20345661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345661" title="Eden II School for Autistic Children">
Eden II School for Autistic Children

Eden II Programs is a company that serves children and adults diagnosed with an autism spectrum disorder in New York City and Long Island.
Eden II School was founded in 1976 on Staten Island with six children and one special education teacher, and over the past 25 years, Eden II’s highly successful model has led to the expansion and development of a number of programs and services for individuals with autism.
In 1994, Eden II opened its preschool program to serve children with autism, ages 3–5. This intensive program provides one-to-one services, with the goal of a successful return to mainstream education. 
Eden II developed the Genesis School, an educational annex of Eden II, in Plainview, New York in September 1995. Genesis opened with twelve students. The Genesis School provides educational and consultation services to more than 60 students and over 30 school districts throughout Long Island. 
Eden II employs more than 200 full-time and 150 part-time staff and is blessed with a small legion of volunteers, on its board and its projects. Whenever the staff needs assistance, volunteers materialize from consumer’s families and from the communities served. Eden II Programs serve over 180 students ages three to 21 across four different programs. 
Eden II developed its Adult Services Program in 1982 to meet the needs of the students aging out of the school program. This program is a highly specialized program designed to serve those individuals with the most significant challenges, often excluded from all other options. Today, Eden II serves over 45 young men and women in its Adult Services Programs. These consumers attend one of two programs: the Day Training Program and the Day Habilitation Program. Both programs are housed in the adult center on Wright Avenue, renovated and opened in 2005 with the 2.2 million dollars raised in the most recent capital campaign.
Ten years ago, Eden II developed its first residence for ten young men with autism. This house was developed in response to Eden II’s mission statement: to serve individuals with autism and their families across their lifespans. Eden II just opened its second residence in 2003, serving six children with autism, and in the intervening years, they have opened three more residences and are in the process of opening a sixth residence now. 
Eden II is committed to serving not only the needs of autistic individuals but also the needs of their families. To that end, Eden II developed its Family Support Department in 1984. This program began with a small parent training class and some respite trips serving approximately 15 families a year and has grown into a complex array of respite services, summer camp, afterschool programs, holiday trips, service coordination and in-home habilitation programs. Currently, the Family Support Department assists more than 130 families.

</doc>
<doc id="20345670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345670" title="Olympia Deuxmilletrois">
Olympia Deuxmilletrois

Olympia Deuxmilletrois is a 2003 album by French singer Marc Lavoine. This live album, recorded on January 24 and 25, 2003, at the Olympia (Paris) during the singer's concerts series, was his eleventh album overall and was released on May 27, 2003. The album reached the top 15 in France and Belgium (Wallonia). "Dis-moi que l'amour..." was the sole single from the album, and became a hit in France (#10). 
Track listing.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20345672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345672" title="Faraliza Tan">
Faraliza Tan

Faraliza Tan is a beauty pageant contestant who was named Miss Singapore World in 2008 and went on to represent Singapore in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She won two subsidiary awards during the finals of the national pageant: "Miss Body Beautiful" and "Miss Popularity." She studied communications at Nanyang Technological University. 
Tan completed her six-month internship at MTV Asia, where she helped allocate shows to suitable time-slots, and doubled as an award-presenter during the MTV Asia Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20345674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345674" title="Joseph Sam Perry">
Joseph Sam Perry

Joseph Samuel Perry (November 30, 1896 – February 18, 1984) was a federal judge on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.
Early life and education.
Born in Carbon Hill, Alabama, Perry was the son of a coal miner. He worked on local farms and in area coal mines before joining the U.S. Navy and serving in Europe during World War I. After the war, he returned home to finish high school. Perry then earned a bachelor's degree Phi Beta Kappa in 1923 from the University of Alabama and a master's degree from the University of Chicago School of Social Service Administration in 1925. He earned a law degree from the University of Chicago Law School in 1927.
Professional career.
Perry worked in private law practice in Chicago from 1928 until 1933, when he began working as a master in chancery in DuPage County, Illinois and as a private lawyer in Wheaton, Illinois. In 1937, Perry was elected as a Democratic state representative to the Illinois general assembly, where he represented the state's 41st senatorial district from 1937 until 1943 and where he was a floor leader for Illinois' Gov. Henry Horner. In 1943, Perry returned to private law practice in Wheaton. After World War II, Perry was unsuccessful in efforts to be elected as a state senator and a congressman, largely because he was a Democrat in heavily Republican DuPage County. Perry remained a lawyer in Wheaton until he became a federal judge in 1951. Perry also worked from 1949 until 1951 as DuPage County's public administrator.
Federal judicial service.
On July 13, 1951, President Harry S. Truman nominated Perry to be a judge on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The United States Senate confirmed Perry's nomination on August 21, 1951.
During his tenure, Perry presided over a large number of high-profile trials, including an 18-month-long wrongful-death suit initiated by the survivors and family members of two members of the Black Panther Party who were killed during a 1969 raid on the group's headquarters. At the end of the trial, which at that time was the longest trial before a federal court jury in U.S. history, Perry dismissed all charges against law enforcement officials who had been sued for $47 million in a wrongful-death suit when jurors could not reach a verdict. The United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit eventually overturned Perry and ordered a new trial, but an out-of-court settlement eventually was reached.
Perry took senior status on November 29, 1971.
Mastodon discovery.
On October 16, 1963, a man named Marshall Erb (1910–1989) was excavating a pond in the back yard of Perry's house, at 683 Riford Road in Glen Ellyn, Illinois when Erb found a large, 42-inch bone. The bone was taken to a geologist at Wheaton College in nearby Wheaton, Illinois, who judged it to be the fossilized bone of a prehistoric mastodon that became extinct more than 8,000 years ago. Diggers uncovered more bones, and Perry then gave Wheaton College permission to excavate the site. Geologists eventually found more than 100 of the mastodon's 211 bones, including the complete skull with well-preserved teeth. Geologists eventually reassembled the mastodon skeleton, and it is now on display at Wheaton College's Meyer Science Center.
The Forest Preserve District of DuPage County purchased much of Perry's estate in 1995 for $312,500.
Death.
Perry died on February 18, 1984 at Central DuPage Hospital in Winfield, Illinois.
Personal.
Perry was survived by his wife, Nelle, a son, John and a daughter, Maribeth.

</doc>
<doc id="20345678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345678" title="Telephone interpreting">
Telephone interpreting

Telephone interpreting is a service that connects human interpreters via telephone to individuals who wish to speak to each other but do not share a common language. The telephone interpreter converts the spoken language from one language to another, enabling listeners and speakers to understand each other. Interpretation over the telephone most often takes place in consecutive mode, which means that the interpreter waits until the speaker finishes an utterance before rendering the interpretation into the other language.
Telephone interpreting is one modality or delivery mechanism for providing interpreting services. Other forms of delivering interpreting services include in-person interpreting and video interpreting for the deaf and hard of hearing.
Providers.
There are many types of organizations that provide telephone interpreting services, including for-profit companies, governmental organizations, non-profit groups, and internal divisions within organizations. For example, the government of Australia operates a telephone interpreting service, as do the governments of South Africa and New Zealand.
United States.
In the United States, telephone interpreting is widely used by its federal courts. Numerous commercial providers are also available and commonly used. Many of the commercial telephone interpreting providers connect users with interpreters for more than 150 languages. Some providers claim to have the ability to connect an interpreter at any time of day, within a matter of seconds. Some hospitals and health care systems also provide telephone interpreting services.
Major providers of telephone interpretation in the United States include Language Line Services, CyraCom International and Pacific Interpreters. In 2009, CyraCom was the second largest supplier of telephone interpretation in the world behind Language Line Services ranked #1, while Pacific Interpreters was the fifth largest.
In 2013, Language Line Services acquired Pacific Interpreters.
United Kingdom.
Language Line Inc. is an American commercial interpreting provider that in 2006 acquired a UK charity of the same name: British social activist Michael Young noticed that language barriers were leading to substandard services for ethnic minorities at Royal London Hospital, so he obtained grant funding to provide free telephone interpreters starting in 1990. Police on the Isle of Dogs became his second client, and he later began serving corporate clients and converted the charity into a commercial service.
There is now a prevalence of companies that offer this service, many on a more global basis which is a natural benefit of "virtualising" interpretation. Similarly to translation, the diversity of organisations cover generic interpretation, as well as domain-specific services such as legal, medical, pharmaceutical and other technical.
Equipment.
Users typically access telephone interpreting services with a telephone or computer with VoIP. However, if the two parties wishing to communicate are in the same location, using a dual handset phone, a phone with two receivers, can relieve the two parties from passing a phone back and forth. Speakerphones are also sometimes used, but these can create challenges both in terms of confidentiality, and for the interpreter, especially due to background noise, which can hinder the interpreter's ability to hear.
The dual handset phone was first offered by a company called CyraCom, a provider of telephone interpreting services, and is now widely available. There is also a variant made specifically for the U.K. Government by their telephone interpreting providers. These companies usually either lease or sell the phones to their telephone interpreting customers but have been known to give them to key accounts as part of a contract. Dual-handset phones can be bought directly by customers, enabling them to obtain the phones without obtaining them through a telephone interpreting company.
Where one party is deaf, hard-of-hearing or speech-impaired, communication via an off-site sign language interpreter can be performed using a video link using the necessary video telecommunication equipment.
Some providers, such as CyraCom, have developed mobile apps to access their service. CyraCom’s mobile app allows healthcare providers to connect to an interpreter with a mobile device, saving time in patient interactions.
Access.
The provisioning of telephone interpreting generally fits into two main categories:
Additionally, some of the companies that have the required capability will offer a hybrid of the two principles, where for example a customer can:
Uses.
Telephone interpreting is widely used in a number of settings, including health care, government, financial, emergency telephone call centres (e.g. '9-1-1' or '1-1-2'), and others. Telephone interpreting is especially helpful for settings in which the two parties would communicate via telephone anyway, such as interactions between call centers and consumers, calls between members of the public and emergency telephone call centres, etc... Telephone interpreting can be used to take applications over the phone and help individuals with account issues.
Telephone interpretation via Video Remote Interpreting (VRI) or a Video Relay Service (VRS) are also useful where one of the parties is deaf, hard-of-hearing or speech-impaired. In such cases the interpretation flow is normally within the same principal language, such as French Sign Language (FSL) to spoken French, Spanish Sign Language (SSL) to spoken Spanish, British Sign Language (BSL) to spoken English, and American Sign Language (ASL) also to spoken English (since BSL and ASL are completely distinct), etc... Multilingual sign language interpreters, who can also translate as well across principal languages (such as to and from SSL, to and from spoken English), are also available, albeit less frequently. Such activities involve considerable effort on the part of the translator, since sign languages are distinct natural languages with their own construction and syntax, which are different from the aural version of the same principal language.
Market.
In 2007, the global telephone interpreting market was worth $700 million, with an estimated $500 million generated in the United States. Industry analyst firm Common Sense Advisory estimates that in 2012, the market will be worth $1.2 billion, an increase of 70% from 2007. The market for telephone interpreting is global in scope and includes companies from the United States, the Netherlands, Sweden, France, the United Kingdom, Canada, India, China, Norway, Spain, and Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="20345681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345681" title="Matti Paasivuori">
Matti Paasivuori

Paasivuori worked as carpenter and participated early in labor movement. He was a pioneer in the labor movement and affected its ideological and political development. Since 1907 he was Member of Finnish Parliament (Eduskunta) and participated in the development of occupational safety legislation. He was moderate in his political orientation and gained respect in both ends of the political spectrum. In 1917 he was Deputy Head of Trade and Industry office in Oskari Tokoi's Senate, which was the first government in the world led by a Social Democrat. Paasivuori did not take part in Finnish Civil War of 1918 and after the defeat of the red troops he was for a half year the only representative from the political left who was allowed to participate in the parliament. Paasivuori was the minister of social affairs in the minority government of Väinö Tanner from 1926 to 1927. 
Paasivuorenkatu Street in central Helsinki (in Hakaniemi) is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20345692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345692" title="Genadi Lugo">
Genadi Lugo

Genadi Juan Alberto Lugo (; born 6 May 1989 in Varna) is a Bulgarian footballer of Cuban descent, currently playing for Neubäu as a defender. Lugo was raised in Spartak Varna's youth teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20345706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345706" title="CHWE-FM">
CHWE-FM

CHWE-FM is a dance leaning contemporary hit radio station branded as Energy 106. The station broadcasts from 520 Corydon Avenue in Winnipeg, Manitoba with sister stations CKJS and 100.7 The Breeze.
CHWE-FM primarily competes with 103.1 Virgin Radio.
History.
On May 8, 2009, Evanov Communications was granted approval by the CRTC to launch a new Winnipeg radio station on the 106.1 FM frequency. It is most likely that Evanov Communications planned to launch another "Jewel" radio station (similar to CKDX-FM and various other stations around Ontario) as the station was registered as CFJL-FM.
In June 2011, the station began testing its signal by playing non-stop commercial free music with a new music genre each week. Listeners could email the radio station to report any signal interruptions and suggest the genre of music that they wanted it to play before it launched on July 29.
On July 29, 2011 at 12:00, CFJL-FM launched with a dance leaning contemporary hit radio format as "Energy 106 - Winnipeg's NEW #1 Hit Music Station" playing 10,000 commercial free songs in a row. The first song played by the new Energy 106 was "Give Me Everything" by Pitbull and Ne-Yo. Starting on October 14, Energy 106 began broadcasting live club music from local Winnipeg nightclubs Friday and Saturday nights. On October 19 the station began airing announcers. 
On November 26, 2011, CFJL-FM changed its station identification name to CHWE-FM, so to match its Energy 106 handle. The CFJL-FM call sign would move to its sister station, "100.7 The Breeze", which dropped their classic rock format that same day; that station would become "Jewel 101 FM" in January 2014.
The station's Dance-heavy direction was paying off in the BBMs, where in its first book it took a 6.9% share of the audience. 
On January 6, 2012, the dance leaning CHR format reappeared on sister station CKHZ-FM in Halifax and that station now has exactly the same branding as CHWE-FM. Since then, CKHZ has transitioned to Adult Top 40 but kept the branding.

</doc>
<doc id="20345715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345715" title="Edita Krešáková">
Edita Krešáková

Edita Krešáková is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Slovakia in Miss World 2008 in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20345716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345716" title="Manor Courts Abolition (Ireland) Act 1859">
Manor Courts Abolition (Ireland) Act 1859

The Manor Courts Abolition (Ireland) Act 1859 transferred disputes which would previously be dealt with by a manor court under the jurisdiction of the then petty sessions courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20345720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345720" title="Eero Yrjö Pehkonen">
Eero Yrjö Pehkonen

and governor of the province of Oulu 1925-1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20345738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345738" title="Salado College">
Salado College

Salado College was a college in Salado, Texas, United States that operated from 1860 until 1885.
Salado College began on October 8, 1859 at a tent meeting at Salado Springs of prominent men from throughout Bell County with a desire to create a high class school in the county. They organized the Salado College Joint Stock Company and raised $5,000 for the college through sale of stock. The board of the company had seven trustees. Colonel Elijah Sterling Clack Robertson n was elected President of the board. 
Robertson donated of land to the college on October 16, 1859. Ninety acres of the land were subdivided and sold to families moving to the area. The proceeds provided money for building. Salado College was the first college in the state to operate without church or state funds.
On February 8, 1860, Salado College was incorporated by the Texas Legislature for twenty years to grant diplomas, confer degrees and perform other corporate functions. Unlike most colleges of the era in the United States, Salado College was to be coeducational. The college erected a temporary wooden building, and the first classes began on February 20, 1860. Seventy-five students were enrolled the first term. Students that did not live in the area boarded with local families as the college had no dormitory. Teachers temporarily lived in tents. 
On July 4, 1860, area Masons laid the cornerstone for the college's permanent two-story limestone building. The ceremony attracted visitors from as far away as Austin and Waco. The college sold many more lots as families moved to Salado to get their children a good education. Attendance increased to 124 students the next year. Attendance at the school some times topped 300 students with an average of 250 from 1866 to 1872.
In 1871, the college added a two-story annex. However, enrollment dropped sharply because of the Panic of 1873. The number of students also decreased as more state-funded colleges were established. Finally, Colonel Robertson had to step in and buy the college to keep it from being foreclosed on. Colonel Robertson died in 1879. 
The state charter expired on February 8, 1880. A new corporation formed and purchased the land on which the college building stood from Robertson's heirs. The school operated as Salado College until 1885. However, the college was not rechartered with the state, so it granted no degrees between 1880 and 1884. In 1885, Salado College ceased operating as a college. The college had operated for its entire existence without endowments, sustained solely by tuition. 
The property was turned over to trustees of the local public school and operated as Thomas Arnold High School, a private academy, from 1890 until 1913 and was operated as Salado College again until 1918.
A fire destroyed the building in 1901 and another in 1902. The building was rebuilt each time. A fire in 1924 destroyed the building again. This time the citizens could not afford to rebuild. Oral history recounts the nature of the fires as "suspicious," but the basis for the claim of arson is lost in local legend.
The site was subjected to an archaeological survey. The ruins of the building were stabilized, and the site is now open to the public.
In 2011 the site came under the governance of the Robertson Colony Salado College Foundation under the direction of President Doris Kemp. An effort has been launched to beautify the site, make improvements and maintain the Salado College Memorial Public Park. Contributions from the community and friends of the college support the endeavor. The Foundation can be reached at P.O. Box 143, Salado, Texas 76571. 
Beautification effort.
The beautification effort was launched into full swing when community volunteers joined 24 soldier volunteers from the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment stationed at Fort Hood, Texas. The clean-up day was held August 27, 2011 in readiness for the Liz Carpenter marker dedication held at 10 a.m. September 3, 2011 on the site. 

</doc>
<doc id="20345739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345739" title="Ernesti Rikhard Rainesalo">
Ernesti Rikhard Rainesalo

After graduation, he went to work for the Grand Duchy, where he served in the government of Turku and Pori Province and in the economic division of the Senate. In 1905, he briefly served as the acting governor of Oulu Province. On February 14, 1920, Rainesalo was named senator. As a senator, he served as the head of the Civil Ministry from 1912-13 during the Markov government and as the head of the House Ministry from 1913 during the Borovitinov government until the October Revolution of 1917. Rainesalo was awarded the rank of Actual State Councillor in 1916 in recognition for his service to the Russian Empire and the emperor.
After Finland gained her independence, Rainesalo worked as a lawyer in Helsinki until his death in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20345749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345749" title="Ellen Moran">
Ellen Moran

Ellen Moran served as Chief of Staff at the U.S. Department of Commerce under Secretary Gary Locke from April, 2009 to August 2011. She previously held the position of White House Communications Director. Her predecessor was Kevin Sullivan, who held the position under the Bush administration. Prior to her post at the White House, she was executive director of EMILY's List.
Biography.
Early life and education.
A native of Amherst, Massachusetts, Moran holds a degree in political science and English literature from Wheaton College.
Professional career.
Prior to joining White House staff, Moran was executive director of EMILY's List, where she oversaw the national staff and charted the overall strategic direction of the organization to provide financial assistance to female candidates in the Democratic Party who take liberal, pro-choice political stances. This was Moran’s second tenure at EMILY’s List, rejoining the organization from the AFL-CIO, where she coordinated Wal-Mart corporate accountability activities and served in the Political Department. In 2004, she took a leave of absence from the AFL-CIO to direct independent expenditures for the Democratic National Committee, managing placement of presidential advertising and directed television, radio, mail, and phoning efforts in 20 states. In 2000, Moran directed the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee’s $50 million issue advocacy campaign.
Moran's political experience includes managing campaigns for governor, U.S. Senate, and U.S. House of Representatives; working on the national campaign staff of Tom Harkin’s 1992 presidential campaign; helping plan both Clinton inaugurals; and conducting international democracy work in Indonesia for the U.S. Agency for International Development. In 1993, Moran designed EMILY’s List’s campaign staff training program and served as its first director. Moran also oversaw EMILY’s List’s first foray into voter mobilization in 1994.
Obama administration.
She was announced as the new White House Communications Director on November 22, 2008.
On April 21, she announced she would resign her post to accept the position of Chief of Staff to the Secretary of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="20345752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345752" title="Karl August Ramsay">
Karl August Ramsay


</doc>
<doc id="20345753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345753" title="Tansey Coetzee">
Tansey Coetzee

Tansey Coetzee (born 8 October 1984) is a beauty queen who won the title of Miss South Africa 2007, and later represented South Africa in Miss Universe 2008 in Nha Trang, Vietnam, where she placed among the top 15 semifinalists.Tansey Coetzee attended Allen Glen High School in Roodepoort, Johannesburg.
Information.
She also represented her country in Miss World 2008 in her hometown, Johannesburg, South Africa, on 13 December 2008 where she placed among the top 5.

</doc>
<doc id="20345759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345759" title="Friedrich Wilhelm von Thulemeyer">
Friedrich Wilhelm von Thulemeyer

Friedrich Wilhelm von Thulemeyer or Frederick William von Thulemeier was born or baptized on November 9, 1735. He died July 6, 1811, also in Berlin. In 1763 he was sent by Frederick the Great as a diplomat in the Republic of the Seven United Provinces. In 1784/85 he was one of the architects of a trade relations between the US and Prussia. In 1788 he became justice minister under Friedrich Wilhelm II of Prussia. Of particular importance is - even today - his collection of music prints.
Life.
Thulemeyer was the son of Wilhelm Heinrich von Thulemeyer, a royal Prussian Minister of State and War and a member of the Tabakskollegium. His family can be traced back to around 1560, located in the Principality of Lippe. His mother, Ernestine von Schilden, came from Hanover. When his father suddenly died his mother was only 34. The young Thulemeyer was educated at public expense, most probably on the royal "Joachimsthalsches Gymnasium", while he was the godson of Friedrich Wilhelm I of Prussia. Thulemeyer studied law in Frankfurt and was trained by a Mr. Passavant. According to Von Putkamer he moved to Paris after finishing his studies. In 1763 he obtained a post in The Hague. On behalf of Frederick the Great, he was involved to arrange a marriage between the prince William V of Orange and the sixteen year-old Wilhelmine of Prussia.
Thulemeyer was poorly rewarded and had difficulties to pay his expenses. Around 1782 or before he made acquaintance with a rich widow Agatha Theodora Geelvinck (Amsterdam, 1739 - Hanau, 1805) who paid for his expensives. She came from a powerful and very rich family of burgemeesters from Amsterdam and lived almost next to the French Embassy. Both her brothers Nicolaas Geelvinck, Joan Geelvinck and her daughter Constancia van Lynden van Hoevelaken had either close relations with the Patriots or with the stadholder. Frederick the Great did not allow to marry her, may be while his independence was in danger. Thulemeyer did improve his financial situation and moved to an elegant house near the Binnenhof. The rumours about his venality did not diminish. 
Thulemeyer had good diplomatic relations. In 1784/1785 Thulemeyer cared for the important trading relationship between Prussia and the United States through his contacts in the Hague John Adams, and Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin in Paris. Thulemeyer dealt with the free ports of Emden and Stettin to set up trade. 
Troubles in the Netherlands.
In the mean time the decisions of the stadholder were amazingly controversial and the prince threatened, in the presence of his wife and Thulemeyer, to leave the country. The stadholdarian family left the Hague and after a year settled down in Nijmegen, not far from the border. The French ambassador Marquis de Vérac, and Thulemeyer conocted a compromise whereby the Stadholder's military functions were replaced by a Council including the Princess, the Pensionaries and leading councillors of both the Patriot and Orangist factions. In October 1786 Johann Eustach of Görtz was sent to The Hague, but temptations in democratic sense, even demanded by both diplomats failed. Thulemeyer requested the patriots should ""... moderate the revolution, disband the Free corps and accept a Franco-Prussian mediation even if it meant the return of the Stadholder to The Hague."" 
Thulemeyer dealt with the British Ambassador James Harris, 1st Earl of Malmesbury, but was not taken into confidence when the princess, at the end of June 1787, tried to travel with two coaches and four chaises to The Hague. Her path was blocked outside Schoonhoven by members of the Free Corps from Gouda. The princess was helt at a farm in Goejanverwellesluis until further advice was received. She and her accompany were treated well and offered wine, beer and tobacco. The princess was told that she could not proceed without permission from Estates of Holland. The princess waited in vain and returned after a day or two, back to her husband. 
Within a few days her brother, Frederick William II of Prussia the new king of Prussia, called for satisfaction. It came to an ultimatum and Thulemeyer had to tell the "Staten van Holland" the decision made. On September 13, 1787 when Holland refused to apologize the Dutch Republic was occupied by Charles William Ferdinand, Duke of Brunswick. 
Simon Schama stated: ""Thulemeyer was not above a falsification or two. Paid by Finckenstein, the head of the "Francophile" party in Berlin, he had good reason to try to avert war. So, playing the French game of rumour as deterrent, he relayed false information to the King supporting the most pessimistic reports on the Givet Camp."" In 1788 Thulemeyer traveled back to Berlin. He was replaced as ambassador by the energetic
Graf von Alvensleben.
Finally he was paid for his work as an envoy and Thulemeyer bought an estate in Küssow, currently in the Pyrzyce County in the Polish West Pomeranian Voivodeship. After his death in 1811 his daughter Louise, born from a connection with Eleanor Louise Busse - it is not sure he married her - received legitimacy because of the inheritance.

</doc>
<doc id="20345773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345773" title="Hugo Rautapää">
Hugo Rautapää


</doc>
<doc id="20345780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345780" title="Caroma">
Caroma

Caroma (Caroma Dorf) is a designer, manufacturer, importer and distributor of domestic and commercial sanitaryware and bathroom products. Caroma was established in 1941 and has factories in Wetherill Park, New South Wales, and Norwood, South Australia.
Caroma is a subsidiary of GWA International Limited. Caroma introduced the world’s first two-button dual flush toilet system. The company self-distributes within Australia and abroad sells through distributors such as Sustainable Solutions International in North America and Sanlamere in the United Kingdom.
Caroma Dorf Companies.
The Caroma Dorf group of companies offers a range of bathroom, kitchen and laundry products from a number of brands. 

</doc>
<doc id="20345781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345781" title="Dunaj (band)">
Dunaj (band)

Dunaj were a Czech alternative art rock band from Brno active between 1986 and 1998. The band is notable for its inclusion of Czech rock figureheads Iva Bittová and Pavel Fajt, as well as its own international success and influence on the Czech alternative rock scene. The band's name translates in English to "Danube", referring to the river of this name.
History.
The earliest performances by the group occurred in 1986 under the name Kolektiv. The initial lineup featured vocalists Bittová and Jiří Kolšovský, guitarists Josef Ostřanský and Pavel Richter, bassist Vladimír Václavek, and Fajt playing drums. The group, all of whose members were active in other projects, performed only sporadically at the time.
In 1989, after the success of the Fajt/Bittová collaborative LP, the members decided to resurrect and record the Kolektiv material. In the process, the group changed their name to Dunaj, released their debut record, "Dunaj a Bittová", and performed a handful of well-received concerts.
Bittová and Richter left shortly after this period, leaving Kolšovský both to take over on guitar (replacing Richter) and perform the function of lead vocalist and frontman. Zdeněk Plachý also briefly joined as the group's keyboardist, performing on the group's second album, "Rosol" ("Jelly"). This dark album was released in 1991 on the Pavian Records label. After performances supporting the record, the band broke up.
The split was short-lived, however, and in 1992 the band reformed under its third and longest-lasting incarnation, based around Kolšovský, Václavek, Ostřanský and new drummer Pavel Koudelka. The band recorded and released its third record, "Dudlay", in 1993, followed by 1994's "IV".
1995 briefly saw the four current members rejoined by Bittová and Fajt, who re-recorded their debut album, released, along with new material, as "Pustit musíš". The band toured in this incarnation prior to returning to the four-piece lineup and recording "La La Lai", their final release. The group disbanded in 1998, shortly before Kolšovský's death. All surviving members remained active in the Czech music scene.
In 2002, the group played a series of reunion concerts featuring participation from most past members. Václav Bartoš (of Fajt's group Pluto) replaced Kolšovský for these performances.

</doc>
<doc id="20345798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345798" title="Felix Saarikoski">
Felix Saarikoski


</doc>
<doc id="20345801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345801" title="Asael Bielski">
Asael Bielski

Asael Bielski ( ; 1908–1945) was the second-in-command of the Bielski partisans during .
Early life.
Asael was the third son of David and Beila Bielski, being about two years younger than his brother Tuvia who later commanded the Bielski Otriad. The Bielskis were the only Jewish family of Stankiewicze, a small village in pre-war Poland, currently Western Belarus located between Lida and Navahrudak (called Nowogródek in Polish), both of which later housed Jewish ghettos during World War II. Asael was one of 12 children—10 boys and two girls. He was quieter and more reserved than his brothers, and was content to stay on the farm and around those he knew well.
With his older brothers leaving home and his father’s health deteriorating, Asael was becoming the new head of the household. As the male leader of the family, he had to arrange the marriage of his sister Tajba to an upper-class man named Avremale.
Avremale had a sister named Chaja who was a high school graduate, which was rare for the time and place. Hearing that Asael needed help with bookkeeping, Chaja offered to tutor him.
World War II.
When Operation Barbarossa broke out, Tuvia, Zus, and Asael were called up by their army units to fight against the Nazi German occupiers. Owing to so much chaos the units disbanded. They fled to Stankiewicze, where their parents lived. In early July 1941, a German army unit arrived in Stankiewicze and Jewish residents were moved into a ghetto in Nowogródek.
After Operation Barbarossa, Asael and two of his brothers, Tuvia and Zus, went into hiding in nearby forests.
Asael formed a group of 13, and later was joined by his brothers Zus and Aron. Tuvia's group later joined Asael's larger group. Another addition to the group was Chaja. While before the war, Asael had had little to no chance of marrying Chaja due to their class and educational differences, during the war years, this was no longer the case. Before joining them, Chaja had lived in a ghetto at first, then fled, leaving her boyfriend there. She lived in an underground hiding spot near the home of a Christian peasant, along with her two nephews. While in hiding she became very sick and needed medicine badly, so Asael walked all the way to the nearest pharmacy—many miles away—in the snow to get her medicine. He stayed with her until he felt she was out of harm's way. Later he bought her a gun for protection, and this served as an engagement gift. The two were married shortly before the war's end.
After the Soviet occupation of the area, Asael was drafted into the Soviet Red Army, and six months later was killed in the Battle of Königsberg of 1945. He never lived to see his daughter Assaela, the child he fathered with Chaja.
Asael in history and in film.
In the 2008 film "Defiance", Asael (portrayed by British actor Jamie Bell) is the third of four brothers, and seems to be about 20 years of age, or perhaps younger. In actuality, Asael was about 33 years of age (born in 1908) at the time of the invasion, and was older than Zus (born in 1912), which is contrary to the relationship depicted in the film. The film has been criticised in Poland due to its complete omission of all Polish aspects in the narrative even though the setting is on territory that was part of Poland before the war and inhabited by a large number of ethnic Poles. Specifically, Tuvia Bielski was a veteran of the Polish army and Polish partisans were also active in the forests of present-day Belarus, but the film only presents the roles of Jews, Russians and Germans. There was also controversy about the alleged involvement of the Bielski group in a massacre of Polish civilians conducted by Soviet-aligned partisans in Naliboki. The Bielski partisan group was the subject of an official inquiry by the Polish Institute of National Remembrance's Commission for the Prosecution of Crimes against the Polish Nation after witnesses testified that Bielski partisans were among the perpetrators of the Naliboki massacre; however, the investigation found no conclusive evidence linking the Bielski group to the crime.

</doc>
<doc id="20345805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345805" title="Twelveheads Press">
Twelveheads Press

Twelveheads Press is an independent publishing company based in Chacewater near Truro, Cornwall, UK. Best known for their "Cornish Heritage" series but also well known by scholars and enthusiasts for their transport and mining books: the firm takes its name from the hamlet of Twelveheads.
History and philosophy.
Founded by Michael Messenger and John Stengelhofen, Twelveheads have been producing high quality books for over 25 years. Their specialist books include topics such as maritime, mining and railway history, and mostly cover the areas of Cornwall and Southwest Britain. In 1988 Messenger and Stengelhofen were joined by Alan Kittridge and all three have contributed significantly to their titles
Michael Messenger states: 
"Twelveheads Press is not a conventional publishing house in the usual sense, but three friends who publish subjects that interest us. Our knowledge ensures that the books are authentic and accurate. Whilst we try not to lose money on books because we do not rely on Twelveheads Press for our living we can afford to reject manuscripts that are not to the standards we want and expect. It is only the support of the reading public that has kept us in business for over 30 years."
Titles for Cornwall County Council.
The following titles were produced by Historic Environment Service (formerly Cornwall Archaeological Unit) for Cornwall County Council
Railway titles.
Twelveheads titles include studies of railways in Cornwall, Devon and Wales (and this: "The Mont Cenis Fell Railway"
Standard Book Number.
The Twelveheads Press has the following 13-digit ISBN code: 978 0 906294 (followed by xxx y)

</doc>
<doc id="20345826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345826" title="Waldemar Schauman">
Waldemar Schauman


</doc>
<doc id="20345827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345827" title="Rhinestone Cowboy Live, on the Air &amp; in the Studio">
Rhinestone Cowboy Live, on the Air &amp; in the Studio

Rhinestone Cowboy Live, on the Air & in the Studio is made up of songs performed on the TV show Melody Ranch around 1967, tracks from My Hits and Love Songs (1999) plus some previously unreleased tracks (that have however been released on quite a few compilation albums since 1995) on the first disc, a selection of songs from Glen Campbell Live (1981) on the second, and a complete reissue of Glen Campbell Live! His Greatest Hits (1994) on the third disc.
Track listing.
Disc 1: Broadcast Recordings
Disc 2: Live 1994
Disc 3: Live 1981

</doc>
<doc id="20345831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345831" title="Skerries RFC">
Skerries RFC

Skerries RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Skerries, Fingal county in the province of Leinster. They play in Division 2B of the All-Ireland League.
History.
The club was founded in 1926. They played their first match against Drogheda, and won by 9 points to 8. 
The club has a long-standing relationship with the local secondary school Skerries Community College, formerly De La Salle Skerries, where many past and current players have attended. The college makes use of the grounds at Holmpatrick for training and home matches.
The club currently fields teams for adults (1st XV, 2nd XV, U19's), and for mini-rugby and youths from age 6 up to 18 years.
2001/2002
This season the club, under the Presidency of Jim Glennon, celebrated the 75th Anniversary of the founding in 1926.
Again captained by Garett Early Skerries played Division Three of All Ireland League. After a mixed season a few vital wins and draws (most notable a win at Bangor 5-3) towards the end of the season kept the club out of the relegation zone.
The 50th Fixture between Skerries and Dunbar was celebrated at Holmpatrick on 1 March 2002. After 50 games the holders of the Shield since 1952 is Skerries 32 Dunbar 18.
Skerries Community College won the Leinster Schools Senior (McMullan Cup) beating St. Columbas 15-8 in the Final and qualified for section ‘B’ of Senior Schools Cup where they beat St. Andrews College in the first round before being beaten by Cistercian Roscrea.
One notable success in the 2007-2008 season was their under 16's, captained by T O' Hare, who won the All-Ireland club championship beating Buccaneers in the final in Corinthians RFC grounds.
The 1st team Captained by Tom Grey with top AIL Players returning to the club, Derek Keane and Marc Hewitt. Coach Morray Erickson Manager Jack Hanratty (Leinster Rugby) 
2008-2009
President Michael Murphy, Director of Rugby Ben Gissing (former Leinster, Edinburgh) Coach Gerry McCleary (YDO Leinster Rugby) Manager Kevin Dempsey Captain Derek Keane.
2011-2012 
President Nick Heeney, Head Coach John Murphy, Asst. Coach Chris Keane, Manager Kevin Dempsey, Club Captain Joe Glennon
2012-2013
President Celsus Toye, Head Coach John Murphy, Asst. Coach Chris Keane, Manager Kevin Dempsey, Club Captain Joe Glennon.
In 2012, the club returned to the Ulster Bank All-Ireland League following promotion from the All-Ireland Round Robin as Leinster League champions.

</doc>
<doc id="20345847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345847" title="VANOC">
VANOC

The Vancouver Organizing Committee for the 2010 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games (VANOC) () was the non-profit organization responsible for planning, organizing, financing and staging the 2010 Winter Olympics and 2010 Winter Paralympics. Established on September 30, 2003, about four months after the 2010 games were awarded to Vancouver, British Columbia, it performed these roles with "the mandate to support and promote the development of sport in Canada."
VANOC was led by chief executive officer John Furlong, an Irish-born long-time member of the Canadian Olympic Committee. Its board of directors consisted of 20 members, with seven chosen by the Canadian Olympic Committee, one from the Canadian Paralympic Committee, three each from Canadian and British Columbian provincial governments, two from the City government of Vancouver, two from the Resort Municipality of Whistler, one chosen jointly by the Band Councils of the Lil'wat and Sḵwx̱wú7mesh Nations, and a final director chosen by the other 19 members.
Goals.
On January 30, 2009, VANOC announced its updated budget for the 2010 games. The operating budget was set at CAN$1.76 billion, with a contingency of $77 million. This reflected an increase of $130 million over the $1.63 billion operating budget announced in May 2007, though VANOC said that if the accounting principles applied for the 2009 budget were retroactively applied to the May 2007 budget, the operating budget would have remained "relatively unchanged." The VANOC operating budget was financed by private sector sources such as sponsorships, licensing, merchandising, ticket sales and fundraising, as well as with a contribution from the International Olympic Committee; it was separate from the CAN$580 million spent on venue construction, costs for which were shared equally by the government of Canada and the provincial government of British Columbia.
One of VANOC’s goals was to achieve "unprecedented" First Nations, Inuit, and Métis participation in the planning and hosting of the 2010 Winter Games.
VANOC also sought to place a broader emphasis on sustainability, integrating it into purchasing and daily operations and expanding to include "social and economic dimensions", such as an effort to include "inner-city residents and businesses in the economic opportunities."
Site preparation.
VANOC spent $16.6 million to upgrade facilities at Cypress Mountain, where the freestyle (aerials, moguls, ski cross) and snowboarding events were held. With the opening in February 2009 of the $40-million Vancouver Olympic/Paralympic Centre at Hillcrest Park, every sports venue for the 2010 games was completed on time and about a year prior to the start of the games.
The Vancouver Games were the first to officially integrate social media into their official communication channels and strategies. Olympic social media "firsts" include: the first official Facebook presence (1.1M fans), the first Games tweeted by an Organizing Committee, the first Games to produce a daily series of videos on YouTube during the Games, the first Official Mobile App (over 1M downloads from over 50 countries), and the first to host audio and video podcasts on iTunes.
After the Games.
After VANOC submitted their report to the International Olympic Committee, VANOC officially dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="20345851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345851" title="Onni Schildt">
Onni Schildt


</doc>
<doc id="20345860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345860" title="My Soul Sings">
My Soul Sings

My Soul Sings is a live album by the band Delirious?. The album was released on 16 March 2009. It will likely be the band's last new recording before their split at the end of 2009. It takes its name from the song 'My Soul Sings' which was included on the recent studio album, Kingdom Of Comfort. Generación 12, a Colombian worship band sang part of some songs in Spanish. A special 'Colombian Edition' has been released in South America, to cater for the Colombian market, where Delirious? has a large following.
Reception.
CCM Magazine stated that this CD ""powerfully commemorate all that we have come to love about this band"" and that it will enter ""into the annals of Christian music history"". Dave Wood, reviewer from Louder than the Music website emphasizes the visual aspect: ""Superb camera shots flow perfectly with a great mix of close ups and long shots..."". It describes the DVD as a ""worthy representation of the exquisite live Delirious? experience"". Cross Rhythms gives the album an 8 out of 10 note. However it points that ""it's hard not to feel a tinge of disappointment"" as the album is not ""sonically pleasing and well-rounded as some of their output in the past"". Jesus Freak Hideout reviewer Kevin Chamberlin has also mixed feelings. Although it praises the lighting as ""spectacular"", the video editing is ""somewhat choppy and slightly cheesy"" with ""pretty standard"" camera angles and close-ups. However, he says that overall it is ""an intriguing, engrossing experience"".

</doc>
<doc id="20345861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345861" title="List of memorials to the Great Famine">
List of memorials to the Great Famine

The Great Famine of Ireland is memorialized in many locations throughout Ireland, especially in those regions that suffered the greatest losses, and also in cities overseas with large populations descended from Irish immigrants.
Ireland.
This stark and striking monument in Murrisk is an appropriate commemoration of the millions who perished in the Great Famine over one hundred and fifty years ago. Crafted in bronze by John Behan, the dramatic sculpture depicts a "Coffin Ship" with skeleton bodies in the rigging. "Coffin Ship" was the term used to describe the ships which left our shores horrendously overcrowded with emigrants fleeing the famine. The dire and unhygenic conditions on board ensured that many did not reach their destination.
The National Famine Monument was unveiled in 1997 by President Mary Robinson. Located directly opposite the carpark at the foot of Croagh Patrick, it commands panoramic views over the drumlin landscape of Clew Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20345875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345875" title="Allan Serlachius">
Allan Serlachius


</doc>
<doc id="20345877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345877" title="Catfish effect">
Catfish effect

The catfish effect is the effect that a strong competitor has in causing the weak to better themselves.
In Norway, live sardines are a few times more expensive than frozen ones. It was said that only one ship could bring live Sardine home, and the ship master kept his method a secret. When he later died, people found that there was one catfish in the container. The catfish keeps swimming and the sardine becomes very active to avoid direct contact with this Catfish. This increased level of activity keeps the sardines alive instead of becoming sedentary.
In human resource management, this is a method used to motivate a team so that each member feels a strong competition, thus keeping up the competitiveness of the whole team.
Origin of the effect.
The exact origin is unknown. There are very few discussions of this effect in the English literature, but it is widely cited and discussed in the Chinese literature such as library research.

</doc>
<doc id="20345880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345880" title="DeSoto County Courthouse (Florida)">
DeSoto County Courthouse (Florida)

The DeSoto County Courthouse is an historic redbrick courthouse building located at 115 East Oak Street in Arcadia, Florida. Designed by architects Bonfoey and Elliot of Tampa in the Classical Revival style, it was built in 1912-1913 by the Read-Parker Construction Company to serve as DeSoto County's third courthouse and the second one built in Arcadia. It was restored in 1976 and is a contributing property in the Arcadia Historic District.
The building was designed by the Tampa architectural firm of Bonfoey and Elliot. In 1989, the DeSoto County Courthouse was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20345884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345884" title="Roy Davies">
Roy Davies

Roy Thomas Davies (31 January 1934 – 7 August 2013) was a Welsh Anglican clergyman, who served as Bishop of Llandaff from 1985 to 1999.
Life.
Davies was educated at St David's College, Lampeter, Wales, obtaining a BA degree in 1955, and then at Jesus College, Oxford, where he obtained a BLitt in 1959. He trained for ordination at St Stephen's House, Oxford. He was ordained deacon in 1959, and ordained priest in 1960, serving as assistant curate of St Paul's, Llanelli, from 1959 to 1964. He was then vicar of Llanafan from 1964 to 1967 before working as chaplain to Anglican students at the University College of Wales, Aberystwyth from 1967 to 1973. After being secretary of the Provincial Council for Mission and Unity of the Church in Wales from 1973 to 1979, he became vicar of St David's, Carmarthenshire from 1979 to 1983. He was appointed Archdeacon of Carmarthen in 1982, and vicar of Llanegwad in 1983. He was clerical secretary of the Governing Body of the Church in Wales from 1983 until his appointment as Bishop of Llandaff in 1985. He retired in 1999.
Personal views.
On the divisive issue of the ordination of women priests Davies agreed to a moratorium which he maintained throughout his episcopate. Privately he expressed himself opposed to women's ordination in the earlier stages of the debate, but later changed his mind and became a supporter of the ordination of women as deacons and as priests.
Bishop Davies supported the use of both English and Welsh liturgy in the Church, and was himself fluent in both languages. He had studied Welsh as the subject of his undergraduate degree at Lampeter.

</doc>
<doc id="20345904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345904" title="Uncial 0244">
Uncial 0244

Uncial 0244 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the fifth century.
Description.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
The codex contains a small part of the Acts of the Apostles 11:29-12:5, on 1 parchment leaf (18 cm by 14 cm). Is is written in two columns per page, 18 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Université catholique de Louvain (P. A. M. Khirbet Mird 8) in Louvain-la-Neuve.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II.

</doc>
<doc id="20345908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345908" title="Bohemian National Hall">
Bohemian National Hall

Bohemian National Hall (Czech: "Česká národní budova") is five-story building at 321 East 73d Street on the Upper East Side, Manhattan. The building was built between 1895 and 1897 in neo-Renaissance style by architect William C. Frohne. It was a Czech American social and culture center in New York City. From the late 1930s to the 1980s it was rented out to various organizations, including the Manhattan Theater Club, which began there. In 1994 the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission named it a landmark. 
In 2001, it was sold by the Bohemian Benevolent & Literary Association to the Czech government for $1. In return, the Czech government agreed to renovate the building. Its first use after the change of ownership came in 2005, when it served as the venue for a celebration of the 70th birthday of Václav Havel, a kickoff event for Untitled Theater Company #61's Havel Festival. After a few more events, the Hall shut down for further renovation, reopening October 30, 2008.
Now the building is the seat of the Czech Consulate, the New York Czech Center, the Bohemian Benevolent & Literary Association and the Dvorak American Heritage Association. In the building is also small cinema, an art gallery, a major ballroom/theater and a roof terrace. Since May 23, 2011 a Czech restaurant called "Hospoda" is located on the ground floor of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="20345946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345946" title="List of ancient Egyptian scribes">
List of ancient Egyptian scribes

A List of Egyptian scribes, almost exclusively from the Ancient Egyptian periods.
The hieroglyph used to signify the scribe, "to write", and ""writings"", etc., is Gardiner sign Y3, Y3 from the category of: 'writings, games, & music'. The hieroglyph contains the scribe's writing palette, a vertical case to hold writing-reeds, and a leather pouch to hold the colored ink blocks, mostly black and red.
List of scribes.
List of scribes, especially starting with the Old Kingdom of Ancient Egypt.
Theban Tomb list of scribes.
Scribes from the Theban Tombs.
Scribes with block statues.
Scribes honored with a Block statue (Egyptian). (The original "block statue" started with the Tomb of Hetep, Saqqara, 12th dynasty as two cuboid statues, one each of granite and limestone, and inscriptions explaining the block form, and exposed limbs receiving the first rays of the morning sun-(to arise out of primordial earth). The granite statue represents the daytime sunlit journey, the limestone the night.)
External links.
For Hesy-Ra:

</doc>
<doc id="20345948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345948" title="List of Justices of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico">
List of Justices of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico


</doc>
<doc id="20345955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345955" title="LB&amp;SCR C3 class">
LB&amp;SCR C3 class

The London, Brighton and South Coast Railway C3 class was a class of 0-6-0 steam locomotives, intended for heavy freight trains. Ten were built by Brighton railway works in 1906 to the design of Douglas Earle Marsh.
History.
This class was intended to replace the smaller Robert Billinton C2 class 0-6-0 on the heaviest freight services. However, although they had an effective boiler, their performance proved to be disappointing and the fuel consumption high. Rather than building any further examples Marsh preferred to rebuild the existing locomotives into the C2X class. The members of the C3 class therefore spent their days on secondary freight trains in mid Sussex. Seven of the class spent most of their lives at Horsham and as a result the class was nicknamed "Horsham Goods".
The boiler designed by Marsh for the C3 class was later used with considerably more success on the SR Z class 0-8-0 of 1929.
Grouping and Nationalisation.
All of the class passed to the Southern Railway in 1923, but the trade recession of the 1930s caused a decline in freight traffic resulting in the withdrawal of two locomotives in 1936/7. However, the advent of the Second World War ensured that the remaining examples all survived until after the nationalisation of the railways to British Railways in 1948. The remaining locomotives in the class were all withdrawn between 1948 and 1952. No examples have been preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20345961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345961" title="List of Red Warszawa band members">
List of Red Warszawa band members

This is a list of past and present Red Warszawa band members.

</doc>
<doc id="20345979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345979" title="American Decency Association">
American Decency Association

The American Decency Association (ADA) is a non-profit organization associated with the Christian right based in Fremont, Michigan. Its principal cause is against pornography and "indecent" media. The ADA was founded in 1999 by former elementary school teacher, Bill Johnson, the first-named state director of the American Family Association (AFA) from 1987 to 1999. The organization was formally known as the Michigan chapter of the AFA. The mission of the ADA, according to their official website, is "...to educate its members and the general public on matters of decency; to initiate, promote, encourage and coordinate activity designed to safeguard and advance public morality consistent with biblical Christianity."
Activism.
The tactic of choice for the ADA is letter-writing and threatening boycotts to advertisers and retailers who indirectly support media that the organization views as indecent. The ADA recognizes the power of the media consumer to influence what media that sources choose to portray. The ADA focuses especially on lobbying advertisers for media they find indecent through letter-writing. They are active in many different mediums, but especially television, radio, and magazines. The ADA also produces an e-mail newsletter informing their members of current campaigns and issues, urging them to action.
Abercrombie & Fitch campaign.
In 2001, the ADA, along with the Concerned Women for America, participated and led a boycott of Abercrombie & Fitch, a popular clothing retailer. The boycott was in response to the planned publication of the A&F Quarterly, which contains images of nude models. A&F chose not to publish the magalog, and A&F Chairman and CEO Mike Jeffries claimed that this was a response to the September 11 attacks in 2001. The ADA viewed the boycott as a success, albeit a temporary one, since A&F would publish another issue in January 2002.
The ADA continues to take issue with the marketing strategies of the retailer, and in a July 21, 2006 e-mail newsletter, the ADA reported in-store pictures of a man with no underwear wearing unbuttoned pants, and a woman covering her bare breasts with her hands. Also, the newsletter reported a picture on the A&F website of a topless woman laying on top of a naked man.
Victoria's Secret campaign.
Victoria's Secret is a lingerie retailer with stores in many malls. The ADA's view on the retailer is that it "sells lingerie in an inappropriate and immoral manner and therefore contributes to the sexual objectification of women and the desensitization of moral sensibilities." The ADA campaign in Michigan malls uses the lobbying tactic of letter-writing and phone calls, threatening a mall-wide boycott. The ADA's mall-wide boycotts recognize the influence that all of the other stores in the malls may have on Victoria's Secret, since a mall-wide boycott is disruptive to all stores, regardless of their standing with the ADA.
The motive of the campaign has been attacked by at least one independent media source, which claims that the ADA is only interested in promoting biblical morality in secular society, and while they disapprove of the objectification of women, the motive is focused on the indecency and immorality of the marketing techniques, instead of the advancement of women's rights.
Howard Stern campaign.
The ADA, along with Florida attorney Jack Thompson, who was disbarred for inappropriate conduct in 2008, filed U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC)indecency complaints about shock jock Howard Stern against various radio stations across the country. The ADA also mounted a letter-writing campaign, focusing on Clear Channel advertisers Dunkin' Donuts, Snapple, Bumble Bee Tuna, Geico and Warner Lambert. According to Bill Johnson, these advertisers pulled their advertisements from the show. The ADA further claims that 16,548 advertisers were contacted, and 90% of those advertisers, or 15,011 of those withdrew their advertisements from the show. The ADA takes credit for Stern's departure from standard radio onto satellite radio in 2006. A MediaWeek reporter attempted to contact these advertisers, and Clear Channel for comment, but calls were not returned. On station monitored by the ADA since 1998, then WRQC-FM in Minneapolis, relinquished Stern's radio show in August 1999, and changed their call letters to WCOL. The VP and general manager of WCOL, Marc Kalman responded negatively to claims that they were influenced by the ADA to drop the show.
Detroit Pistons Dancers.
In 2006, the ADA opposed the distribution of a calendar depicting Detroit Pistons dance group, "Automotion" members in swimsuits. The calendar was given away to fans during a December basketball game, and then sold to legal adults for $13 in Pistons' stores. A member of the ADA described the calendar as "legalized prostitution." The ADA opposed the calendar by means of its e-mail newsletter, and said that since the basketball team counted women and young children among its fans, the calendar was inappropriate. The proceeds of the calendar went to charity.
In January 2006, Brother Rice High, a Michigan Catholic school disinvited Automotion to an alumni fundraising event after repeated urging by the ADA. The ADA held that the event "legitimizes pornography and the objectification of women." Though the high school's decision was made in response to public pressure instead of an admission of wrongdoing by the principal, the ADA still viewed it as a victory. The dancers planned to donate their time to the fundraising event.
Other campaigns.
Movie Gallery.
The Movie Gallery is a video and game rental chain, with some stores that offer an "adults only" section. It is one of the few national chains with select stores that offer pornography. The Movie Gallery has been actively picketed by members of the ADA, and members are encouraged to call the corporate headquarters and threaten a boycott.
Magazines.
The ADA campaigns against the following magazines in two ways—first, by pressuring grocery and convenience stores to remove the magazines from the checkout aisles, and second, by monitoring the companies that purchase advertising in the magazines, and pressuring those companies through letter-writing.
Television.
The ADA provides a list of television advertisers for selected networks, and monitors shows on the major networks for indecency.
Supporters.
The ADA receives some funding from the Holland-based Edgar and Elsa Prince Foundation, which funds many other Christian right groups including the Family Research Council, Focus on the Family, who both received a little over a million dollars in 2003 and 2004, and 2003 and 2005, respectively. The Edgar and Elsa Prince Foundation also gave money to the Promise Keepers, and the Concerned Women for America. Many other local and national groups associated with the religious right have received money from the Edgar and Elsa Prince Foundation.
The ADA also accepts online donations from members and supporters on their website.

</doc>
<doc id="20345988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345988" title="Saints Peter and Paul Church (Detroit)">
Saints Peter and Paul Church (Detroit)

Saints Peter and Paul Church is a Roman Catholic church located at 629 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is the oldest existing church in the city of Detroit, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971.
History.
In 1844, Bishop Peter Paul Lefevere, who served as coadjutor bishop of the Diocese of Detroit, began construction on Saints Peter and Paul Church; the cornerstone is dated June 29, 1844. Francis Letourneau drew the plans, and Peter Kindenkens supervised the construction. Construction was completed over four years, as the bishop paid for each stage of construction with cash. The church was consecrated on June 29, 1848 and Bishop Lefevere used the church as his cathedral until his death in 1869. The original parishioners were predominantly Irish, with some French families attending.
Following Lefevere's death, Caspar Borgess, the second Bishop of Detroit, used the church as his cathedral until 1877, when he gave the title to the building to the Jesuit Order with the intention of starting Detroit's first Catholic college. The Jesuit college eventually became the University of Detroit-Mercy, and UDM's law school still occupies the building adjacent to the church. 
The church was altered in 1879 and 1882, completely renovated in 1892, and remodeled again in 1911. A chapel was added to the rear of the building in 1918. Although these alterations changed the look of the church, the original plan has been substantially preserved. The church is still in use, offering daily masses.
Description.
Saints Peter and Paul Church is a basilica-style church, made with walls of painted brick. The front façade is gabled and topped by a short square cupola. The cupola was originally intended to support a tall spire, which was never built. There is a central entrance pavilion, set between arched windows and Ionic pilasters. The pilasters continue along the side, separating the side elevation into seven bays with tall, rounded arch windows. A heavy frieze conceals the sloping roof.
The interior of the church features hand carved oak confessionals, a barrel vaulted ceiling painted with frescoes, and an extraordinary Carrara marble altar designed by Gustave Adolph Mueller. These details were added during later renovations; the organ case is the only surviving original element.

</doc>
<doc id="20345995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20345995" title="Nazim Baksh">
Nazim Baksh

Nazim Ahmed Baksh is a Canadian journalist and television producer.
He is noteworthy for producing the documentary Son of al Qaeda, about Canadian youth Abdurahman Khadr.
In 2006 the University of Toronto invited Baksh to serve an eight-month fellowship in its Journalism program.
Baksh, Linden MacIntyre and Neil Docherty won an award from the Canadian Association of Journalists for a segment entitled "The Mole" that appeared on "CBC News" "The National" in 2007.
In 2011 Baksh and John Lancaster won a Canadian Association for Journalists award for ""Death in a Community.""
Career in Journalism.
Baksh was hired by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation in 1990, following earning his Masters in Journalism, and has worked there, in one capacity or other, since.
His accomplishments there include:

</doc>
<doc id="20346057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20346057" title="Carlsville, Wisconsin">
Carlsville, Wisconsin

Carlsville is an unincorporated community in Door County, within the Town of Egg Harbor, Wisconsin, United States. The community is located on Wisconsin Highway 42 between Sturgeon Bay and Egg Harbor.
History.
Carlsville has been in existence since the 1860s and was originally named Karlsville due to the number of men named Karl who lived in the settlement; the name was later anglicized.

</doc>
<doc id="20346074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20346074" title="List of songs in Lips">
List of songs in Lips

"Lips" is a 2008 karaoke video game for the Xbox 360 developed by iNiS and published by Microsoft Game Studios. The game's soundtrack is localized for different countries, though the versions share many tracks. With the exception of the Scandinavian release, each version of the game contains 40 on-disc master tracks. Lips also supports downloadable content through the Xbox Live Marketplace.
On-disc songs.
The following is a list of songs that appear on-disc in any version of "Lips". Some songs are available on-disc in some locales and as downloadable content in others. Other songs are only available in certain locales and cannot be downloaded.
Band NamesThe Band Names
Song TitleThe Song Title
Downloadable content.
"Lips" supports downloadable content from the Xbox Live Marketplace in the form of new songs. All the songs are available in all Xbox Live enabled locales, except for the song Somethin' Stupid and songs that were already available on-disc on these countries. As of July 2009, more than 100 songs have been made available for download. Most songs are available for 160 MSP, however there are some exceptions in which some songs are priced at 180MSP. Some of the downloadable songs are already available on-disc in some locales. In some instances, DLC does not include Music Videos due to the time the original songs were released. Downloadable content is cross compatible between Lips titles. You can also do free style which means you can plug in a MP3 player or any other device and play your own songs.

</doc>
<doc id="20346110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20346110" title="Marcus Bergholtz">
Marcus Bergholtz

Marcus Edvin Bergholtz (born 15 December 1989 in Örkelljunga) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Östers IF as a midfielder.
Career.
He began his career in Ekets GoIF in his home village of Eket, near Örkelljunga in northern Skåne. He made his debut for Helsingborg in 2008, participating in 13 matches in Allsvenskan. On 15 August 2012 he transferred to Östers IF.

</doc>
<doc id="20346113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20346113" title="Robert Murray Keith (the younger)">
Robert Murray Keith (the younger)

Lieutenant-General Sir Robert Murray Keith KB PC (the younger) (20 September 1730 – 22 June 1795) was a British soldier and diplomat.
He was born in Edinburgh, the eldest son of Robert Murray Keith and his wife daughter of Sir William Cunningham, 2nd baronet, of Caprington. He took the additional name Murray on inheriting the estates of Murrayshall (formerly Halmyre) at the death of his great-uncle Robert Murray on 8 February 1743.
Soldier.
Destined for a military career, he was sent to an academy in London and was commissioned a cornet in 1747 and quickly transferred to a Scots Brigade in Dutch service, with which he remained until the regiment was reduced in 1752. He then returned to England, but failed to gain a British commission. He therefore traveled with Frederick Campbell to visit his father in Vienna where he was Minister and look for military employment. In 1755, he was recalled to the Scots Brigade, but rejoined the British army in 1757 as a captain in the 73rd Regiment of Foot. On the recommendation of Colonel Henry Seymour Conway, he was made aide-de-camp to Lord George Sackville and fought at the Battle of Minden. A month later he carried news of Sackville resignation to London, where he met William Pitt the Elder. He employed Keith to raise companies of Highland Volunteers, later called 87th Regiment of Foot (Keith's Highlanders), with him as major commandant, and from 1760 colonel commandant. From 1760 to 1762, his regiment served in Germany, involved in several engagements. However after the war, his regiment was disbanded, and he was placed on half pay. After visiting Paris, he settled in London.
Diplomat.
Keith's knowledge of German and friendship with Pitt and Conway enabled him to be appointed Envoy-extraordinary to Saxony in 1769. He transferred in 1771 to be minister in Copenhagen. In the face of a worsening political situation for Johan Friedrich Struensee the minister who ruled Denmark for the insane Christian VII and his Queen Caroline Matilda, a sister of George III of Great Britain (and without instructions), he threatened a British naval bombardment of Copenhagen if the queen was harmed. This frightened the Danes and earned the gratitude of the king who made him a Knight of the Bath. They allowed the queen to withdraw to Hanover. After escorting her there he returned to London.
His next appointment was as Envoy-extraordinary to Vienna where he remained 20 years. This post was a difficult one as he at times rarely received instructions from London. Furthermore relations were at times strained during Austria's War with Turkey at the end of his time there.
He returend home in 1774 to settle his father's estate. His London friends wanted him to enter Parliament for Peeblesshire in 1775, a seat which he retained until 1780, without ever attending the House of Commons. His financial position was improved by his being appointed Colonel of 10th Regiment of Foot in 1781 and a Lieutenant-General the following year. He came home in 1788 and was made a Privy Councillor in 1789, but then returned to Vienna, where his final duties included attending the Congress of Sistovo, which ended the Turkish war. He retired in 1792 and settled in Hammersmith, where he died suddenly three years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20346161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20346161" title="La Hitte system">
La Hitte system

The La Hitte system (French: "Système La Hitte"), named after the French general Ducos, Count de La Hitte, was an artillery system designed in March 1858 to implement rifled muzzle-loading guns in the French Army. 
Conception.
The La Hitte system was developed through the collaborative work of Lieutenant-colonel Treuille de Beaulieu ("Directeur de l'atelier de précision") who had developed the principle and General de La Hitte ("Président du Comité d'Artillerie") who had implemented it:
Specifications.
The new rifled guns were used from 1859 during the Franco-Austrian War in Italy. They were able to shoot at 3,000 meters either regular shells, ball-loaded shells or grapeshot. They appear to have been the first case of usage of rifled cannons on a battlefield.
The system was muzzle-loading, and the shells could only be exploded at two set distances. The shells, based on the 1847 invention of Captain Tamisier, were oval-shaped and had small protrusions to follow the grooves of the bore. Previous guns, such as the Canon obusier de 12, were rifled to accommodate the system. The system included newly rifled siege guns of 12 cm, 16 cm and 24 cm bore, new field guns of 4 cm and 12 cm bore, new siege guns of 12 cm and 24 cm bore, and a mountain gun of 4 cm bore.
Change in meaning of gun designations.
Note that with the introduction of rifling and elongated shells replacing the old roundshot, guns could now fire projectiles weighing nearly twice the previous weight possible for a given bore (calibre). The rifling gave a far greater range for a given propellant charge, hence a minimal increase in gunpowder was needed for the heavier shells. While the La Hitte guns retained the traditional "4" designation, the number now approximated to kg rather than the livre (French pound) as previously. Hence the Canon de campagne de 4 La Hitte fired a shell weighing nearly 4 kg. Similarly, the Canon de 12 La Hitte, basically a rifled 12-cm Napoleon, now fired a 11.5 kg shell compared to the Napoleon's 4.1 kg projectile.
Obsolescence.
The La Hitte system would be superseded in 1870 with the work of Jean-Baptiste Verchère de Reffye and the development of breech-loading rifled guns.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20346178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20346178" title="Crowther Charlesworth">
Crowther Charlesworth

Crowther Charlesworth (12 February 1875 – 15 June 1953) was an English cricketer. He was a right-hand batsman and right-arm fast-medium bowler who played for Warwickshire.
Born in Swindon, Lancashire, Charlesworth began his first-class career in 1898 and played regularly for Warwickshire until 1921. Despite missing a number of seasons because of the First World War, he still made 372 matches for the county scoring 14,289 at an average of 23.61 and taking 295 wickets at 30.09.
Described by "Wisden" as 'A brilliant batsman specially strong in driving', Charlesworth passed 1,000 runs in a season five times. His most productive season came in 1911 when he scored 1,376 runs at 38.22, including four centuries. These runs assisted Warwickshire to their first County Championship title.
Charlesworth scored 15 first-class centuries, two of which he converted into doubles. The first of these came in 1910 when he scored 216 against Derbyshire, the innings lasting three hours and forty minutes. The second came in 1914 when he struck 206 against a strong Yorkshire attack including George Hirst and Wilfred Rhodes.
Charlesworth's pace bowling garnered seven five-wicket hauls, the first two of these came in the same match when he took match figures of 10/135 in a 16-run victory over Surrey in 1901. Later that season he recorded the best innings figures of his career when taking 6/45 against Derbyshire.
In 1920 he was awarded a benefit match which generated £1041, the figure was a Warwickshire record which remained unsurpassed until 1945.
In 1925 and 1926 Charlesworth was on the umpires list, standing in 42 matches. He died in Halifax, West Yorkshire, aged 78.

</doc>
<doc id="20346195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20346195" title="Pacelli">
Pacelli

Pacelli is an Italian surname.

</doc>
<doc id="20346202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20346202" title="Uncial 0245">
Uncial 0245

Uncial 0245 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 6th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the 1 John 3:23-4:1,3-6, on 1 parchment leaf (27 cm by 20 cm). Written in one columns per page, 23 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
It is a palimpsest, the upper text is written in Georgian language.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Selly Oak Colleges (Mingana Georg. 7) in Birmingham. 
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 

</doc>
<doc id="20346221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20346221" title="Rasmus Jönsson">
Rasmus Jönsson

Rasmus Jönsson (born 27 January 1990) is a Swedish footballer currently playing for Danish Superliga club Aalborg Boldspilklub on loan from VfL Wolfsburg in Bundesliga.
Career.
Helsingborgs IF.
He plays as a striker and got his breakthrough in 2008, scoring four goals in Allsvenskan alongside Henrik Larsson in Helsingborgs IF. Jönsson is commonly called "Sugröret" (The Straw) among his teammates. During the season 2010 in Allsvenskan, Helsingborgs IF Finished in second place just two points short of Malmö FF. Helsingborg however didn't allow this to let them down after a good season and finished it off on a high winning the Svenska Cupen in a final against Hammarby IF with Rasmus scoring the only goal in the game late on. On 29 August 2011, Helsingborgs IF confirmed that a deal had been agreed for Jönsson to join Bundesliga side VfL Wolfsburg on a four-year deal. Jönsson said that he was sad to leave Helsingborg but happy to take an important step forward in his career.
VfL Wolfsburg.
On 11 September 2011, Rasmus Jönsson made his Bundesliga debut from start against Schalke 04 and he assisted for Mario Mandžukić's second goal. Jönsson played 90 minutes before being substituted.
FSV Frankfurt.
On 29 January 2013, it was announced that Jönsson would join FSV Frankfurt on loan for the rest of the season.
AaB.
On 9 August 2013, it was announced that Jönsson would join the Danish Superliga club Aalborg Boldspilklub on a loan spell for the 2013/2014 season. On Sunday the 6th of October he scored twice against Viborg.

</doc>
<doc id="20346303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20346303" title="40-foot telescope">
40-foot telescope

William Herschel's 40-foot telescope, also known as the Great Forty-Foot telescope, was a reflecting telescope constructed between 1785 and 1789 at Observatory House in Slough, England. It used a diameter primary mirror with a focal length (hence its name ""Forty-Foot""). It was the largest telescope in the world for 50 years. It may have been used to discover Enceladus and Mimas, the 6th and 7th moons of Saturn. It was dismantled in 1840; today the original mirror and a section of the tube remain.
Construction.
The telescope was constructed by Sir William Herschel, with the assistance of Caroline Herschel, between 1785 and 1789 in Slough, with components made in Clay Hall near Windsor. The tube was made of iron. The telescope was mounted on a fully rotatable alt-azimuth mount. It was paid for by King George III, who granted £4,000 for it to be made. During construction, whilst the telescope tube lay on the ground, the King as well as the Archbishop of Canterbury visited the telescope. Just prior to them entering the open mouth of the tube, the King commented "Come, my Lord Bishop, I will show you the way to Heaven!"
Two concave metal mirrors were made for the telescope, each with a focal ratio of f/10. The first was cast in a London foundry on 31 October 1785, and was made of speculum (an alloy of mostly copper and tin) with arsenic to improve the finish. It weighed 1023 lb after being cast, but it was found to be 0.9 inches thinner at the centre than at the edge (where it was around 2 inches thick). Over a year was spent grinding and polishing the mirror; however, Herschel found it to be "much too thin to keep its figure when put into the telescope" (despite weighing half a ton). A second mirror with twice the thickness of the original was cast a few years later, and this was used rather than the original. However, this required more frequent polishing due to the fast tarnishing nature of the metal, and the original mirror was used when the second was being polished. The mirrors remained the largest in the world until 1845.
Herschel eliminated the small diagonal mirror of a standard newtonian reflector from his design and instead tilted his primary mirror so he could view the formed image when he stood in an observing cage directly in front of the telescope. This saved on the severe light loss the image would suffer if he had used a speculum metal diagonal mirror. This design has come to be called a Herschelian telescope.
Use.
The telescope was located on the grounds of Observatory House, Herschel's house in Slough, between 1789 and 1840. The first observation with the telescope was on 19 February 1787, when Herschel pointed the then-incomplete telescope towards the Orion nebula, which he observed by crawling into the telescope and using a hand-held eyepiece:
The one achievement of the telescope was to discover Enceladus and Mimas, the 6th and 7th moons of Saturn, although this is not certain, as Herschel used other telescopes at the same time. Herschel described the view of Sirius through the telescope:
As part of the funding deal with the telescope, Caroline Herschel was granted a pension of £50 per year to be William's assistant. As a result, she was the first woman in England to be paid to carry out astronomy.
The telescope was a local tourist attraction, visited by rich and famous people on their way to the nearby Windsor Castle to visit the King, and was featured on Ordnance Survey maps. It was the largest telescope in the world for 50 years. It was called the "40-foot telescope" as at the time telescopes were referred to by the length of their tube rather than the diameter of the mirror.
Due to problems with the mirrors and because the telescope was unwieldy, the telescope did not prove to be a substantial improvement over smaller telescopes. The weather was rarely suitable for the telescope, and most objects observed by Herschel were also visible in his smaller telescopes. The final observation made by the telescope was in 1815.
The telescope was featured in Herschel's coat of arms:
Decommissioning.
The telescope's frame was dismantled at the end of 1839 by William Herschel's son, John Herschel, on his return from carrying out observations in South Africa. It was dismantled as it was feared that the frame might collapse due to rot, and John feared for the safety of his young children. A small ceremony was conducted to commemorate its dismantling.
The tube was left lying horizontally in the garden, supported by stone blocks at either end, where it was crushed in 1867 by a falling tree. The remaining piece is a length of the mirror end, which is 3,048 by 1,465 mm (120" x 57.7"). This was still located in the garden of Observatory House in 1955, but was subsequently moved and is now located in the Herschel Collection of the National Maritime Museum, in the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, London.
The first mirror was last polished in 1797, and was subsequently stored away and lost. When John Herschel moved from Observatory House to Hawkhurst in 1840, a number of items (including the 40-foot telescope) were left behind. In an inventory written at the time, he recorded "In the Observatory, beneath stair, one 40-foot mirror, with case and cover." A workman later reported that only a light metal cover of a 4-foot mirror was present, rather than the mirror itself. The mirror was rediscovered on 2 February 1927:
On 4 March 1927 the mirror was moved to the Cottage library, and was once more polished some 130 years after the mirror was last properly polished. The original mirror now resides in the Science Museum, London. The second mirror was left in place in the telescope when it was dismantled, but was removed when the tube was crushed. In 1871 it was moved into the hall of Observatory House.
The telescope was surpassed in 1845 as the largest ever built by Lord Rosse's great reflecting telescope. The image of the 40-foot telescope remains as one of the great icons of astronomy.

</doc>
<doc id="20346321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20346321" title="Friedrich Julius Richelot">
Friedrich Julius Richelot

Friedrich Julius Richelot (6 November 1808 – 31 March 1875) was a German mathematician, born in Königsberg. He was a student of Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi.
He was promoted in 1831 at the Philosophical Faculty of the University of Königsberg with a dissertation on the division of the circle into 257 equal parts (see references) and was a professor there.
Richelot authored numerous publications in German, French and Latin, among them — with his 1832 dissertation — the first known guide to the Euclidean construction of the regular 257-gon with compass and straightedge.
In 1825 he joined the Corps Masovia.
He died in Königsberg in 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="20346367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20346367" title="L&amp;YR railmotors">
L&amp;YR railmotors

The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (L&YR) operated two classes of twenty steam railmotors in total.
Kerr Stuart railmotors.
The first L&YR railmotors were two by Kerr Stuart, copies of a design that had already been supplied to the Taff Vale Railway. They were ordered by Hughes in 1904.
The locomotive units had transverse boilers of a type similar to the Yorkshire steam wagon and the Fairlie, where a single central firebox fed extremely short fire-tubes to a smokebox at each side. Like the Yorkshire, these then returned to a central smokebox and chimney. The outside cylinders were rear-mounted and drove only the leading axle, without coupling rods. The locomotive units were dispatched separately to Newton Heath, where their semi-trailers were attached.
Their coaches were semi-trailers, with reversible seats for 48 passengers and electric lighting. There were also a luggage compartment and a driving compartment for use in reverse. Folding steps were provided at each of the two doors on each side. They were built by Bristol Carriage & Wagon Co..
Service.
Both railmotors worked the Bury-Holcombe Brook line at first. In 1906 they briefly worked at Southport, then between Burnley and Colne for their remaining years. They were both withdrawn in 1909.
Hughes railmotors.
Hughes designed a further class of railmotors that were then built at Horwich and Newton Heath, in four batches over five years. They were of the "0-4-0T locomotive + semi-trailer type", with conventional locomotive boilers.
No 15, works number 983, was the 1,000th locomotive to be built at Horwich.
Service.
All were inherited by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) in 1923, who numbered the locomotives 10600-17 and gave the trailers separate numbers in the coaching stock series. These were the only self-propelled vehicles numbered in the LMS locomotive series rather than the coaching stock series. The first was withdrawn in 1927, and only one survived by nationalisation in 1948. That railmotor, LMS No. 10617, was withdrawn in 1948 without being given a British Railways number. None was preserved.
The best-remembered of these railmotors was the 'Altcar Bob' service from Southport to Upholland.

</doc>
