<doc id="20304498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304498" title="Saint Cleopatra">
Saint Cleopatra

Saint Cleopatra was a Christian Saint of the Coptic Orthodox Church and Orthodox Christianity who lived between the 3rd century and 4th century. 
Cleopatra originally came from a village called Edra near Mount Tabor. Mount Tabor is located in Lower Galilee, at the eastern end of the Jezreel Valley, 17 kilometres (11 mi) west of the Sea of Galilee, Palestine.
Cleopatra was a contemporary to the holy Martyr Saint Varus. She had witnessed the suffering and execution of Saint Varus. After Varus’ execution Cleopatra had taken Varus’ remains to her home in Daraa, Syria. When Cleopatra returned she had buried Varus’ remains with reverence. 
At this time Cleopatra was widowed and had a son, her only child, John. In 319 John, had attained the officer rank of Centurion. To her great sorrow, suddenly her son died. Cleopatra in grief turned to the relics of Saint Varus, begging the saint to return her son. 
Cleopatra dreamt that Varus and John appeared to her as radiant in bright attire with crowns upon their heads. She then realised that the Lord had received John into the Heavenly Kingdom and was comforted. 
After Cleopatra had her blessed dream, she moved to live by a church. This church that Cleopatra built was over the relics of Saint Varus and her son. The relics of Saint Varus and her son have performed many miracles. Cleopatra spent her remaining years in the service of God. She gave her property to the poor and spent her time praying and fasting. Cleopatra died in 327.
Apart from Cleopatra, her son John is also recognised as a Saint in Orthodox Christianity. The feast day of Saints Cleopatra and John is October 19.

</doc>
<doc id="20304513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304513" title="Nominal sentence">
Nominal sentence

Nominal sentence is a linguistic term that refers to a nonverbal sentence (i.e. a sentence without a finite verb). As a nominal sentence does not have a verbal predicate, it may contain a nominal predicate, an adjectival predicate, an adverbial predicate or even a prepositional predicate.
The relation of nominal sentences to verbal sentences is a question of tense marking. In most languages with nominal sentences such as Russian, Arabic and Hebrew, the copular verb does not surface in present tense sentences. Conversely, these languages allow the copular verb in non-present sentences.
History.
Historically, nominal sentences have posited much controversy regarding their identity as an existent linguistic phenomenon. Ancient grammatical tradition did not uncover such sentences, or if they did, they were only found as an exception to the language structure. This was the view taken by the Western grammatical tradition, which began with an analysis of Ancient Greek followed by an analysis of Latin.
However, this Western/ European approach to nominal sentences was not how the Arab grammarians of the early Middle Ages approached it. Arab grammarians did not feel as bound by the classical grammatical categories as did the European counterparts of that historical period. Rather, they viewed a sentence to have two basic categories: (1) a verbal sentence that begins with a noun, and (2) a nominal sentence that beings with a noun and may or may not have a verb within it.
Moving forward in the historical time period, Orientalists later borrowed the 'nominal sentence' terminology from the early Arab grammarians, however modified it slightly to be defined solely with respect to the absence of the verbal predicate, rather than with respect to the first word of the sentence (the noun) that may or may not have a verb in it, as the Arab grammarians defined it. This slight shift in the definition of nominal sentences corresponds partly to both the Western and the Arabic Grammar tradition. The Orientalists’ definition agrees with the Western grammar’s focus of the predicate orientation, and it supports how the Arab grammarians included a sentence category of nominal sentences (nonverbal sentences). Since this new definition of nominal sentences corresponded more accurately to the notion of ‘non-verbal sentences’, compared to the Arab definition of it ‘may or may not contain a verb’, the Orientalists’ definition included predicate types other than verbs (nouns, adjectives, etc.).
Syntactic structure and analyses.
Taking an Arabic sentence like "ana saaeed" (أنا سعيد), literally, “I happy,” which is fully grammatical in the language, we see that there is a noun, “ana” and an adjective “saaeed.” Ana satisfies the sentence requirement of having a noun, but saaeed is an adjective, not a verb, so our verb requirement remains unfulfilled. In order to allow this construction, we would have to revise our theory to state *TP → NP {VP/AP} (the * indicates that this is actually an ungrammatical construction), meaning you could have a sentence which breaks down to either a verb phrase or an adjective phrase (see Figure 1). However, phrase structure rules are supposed to be universal, therefore this new rule would also allow us to generate “I happy” in English. Since "I happy" is not a grammatical sentence in English, this is an issue that requires attention. 
Another problem is that each phrase must consist of a head which bears its name. Therefore, in a verb phrase, the head is always a verb. Again, nominal sentences like "ana saaeed" do not have a verb, so the verb head position in the verb phrase cannot be filled.
Having a zero copula is one way to solve the problems listed above without compromising the existing syntactic theory. The verb is present, just covertly as “null.”
Using X-bar theory, it is possible to both account for the grammaticality of constructions such as “I happy” as well as explain how the subject DP is derived. In X-bar theory, there are no obligatory lexical categories that make up a sentence; instead, there are only general X-bar rules: the specifier rule, adjunct rule, and complement rule. Therefore, the theory accurately permits the AP “happy” as grammatical even without a verb since AP can be a complement to the T head (see Figure 2).
Additionally, under the VP-internal subject hypothesis, the subject “I” will be generated in the specifier of VP and, using the DP movement, it will move to the specifier position of TP. Consequently, the resulting surface structure of the nominal sentence “I happy” is properly generated under this analysis.
Nominal sentences in English.
Nominal sentences in English are relatively uncommon, but may be found in non-finite embedded clauses such as the one in, “I consider John intelligent,” where "to be" is omitted from "John to be intelligent".
They can also be found in newspaper headlines, such as "Jones Winner" where the intended meaning is with the copular verb, "Jones is the Winner".
Nominal sentences in Arabic.
Present tense in Nominal Sentences.
Verbless sentences in Arabic do not consist of a subject but rather a topic followed by a predicate. They are only possible in present tense sentences. Below are examples of verbless sentences with NP, AdjP or PP predicates.
Example 1 NP predicate
Example 2 AdjP predicate
Example 3 PP predicate
All the examples above are perfectly grammatical in Arabic since they all refer to the present tense and therefore do not require verbs.
Past tense in Nominal Sentences.
As stated above, verbless sentences occur only in the present tense thus, a formal nominal sentence in Arabic can never express something in the Past tense. That is, the past feature has to always be indicated morphologically to convey accurate information of (+past), unlike the present which can be referred to as tenseless. The following is an example of a past tense sentence in formal or written Arabic:
Example 4 
Demonstrated by the sentence above is the idea that tense is a guiding factor to the use of nominal sentences in Arabic. A sentence in the past always requires the "was" or (+past) verb.
Negation in Nominal Sentences.
Nominal sentences can be negated in different ways depending on tense and whether or not they are embedded. The following is an example of a negative nominal sentence in the present tense, using the formal Arabic negative particle "laysa".
Example 5
The negative particle (laysa) by itself has the meaning of a present tense and it is used to negate a general existence; so it means something along the lines of "there does not exist" or "there is not". Thus, it can only negate a tenseless sentence where an overt copula is not necessary.
In order to negate a nominal sentence in the past, however, the copular verb must be included. The following is an example of a negative past sentence using the negative particle "lam".
Example 6
It is important to note that the negative particle (lam) is a tense marker of (+past). Therefore, it negates a lexically present tense, yet the negation is meant to refer to the past. Past negative sentences are, therefore, similar to the affirmative past tense sentences in that a past feature must be marked.
Nominal sentences in other languages.
Hungarian.
For some languages, nominal sentences are restricted to third person only. Hungarian is an excellent example of such a language. In Hungarian, the copular verb simply expresses something that exists, such as something, someone, a place, or even time, weather, a material, an origin, a cause or purpose. In third person proposition sentences (both singular and plural), there are no copular verbs required and instead, the copular is null.
Example 7
Russian.
In Russian, there are no restrictions on verbless propositional sentences as they can occur with all persons and all numbers (i.e., singular or plural). Despite such restrictions and variability however, seen in both Russian and Hungarian above, there are no structural differences between the languages. Instead, these differences are derived by whether or not there must be a relation with the verbal constructions and the copular verb.
Example 8
Example 9
Example 10
Hebrew.
In Hebrew, sentences may or may not include verbs since verbs are optional and not at all obligatory. Also, the order of words is quite flexible such that for the sentences that do include verbs, the verb can appear either before or after the nominal predicate, adjectival predicate or prepositional predicate; the nominal predicate can appear either before or after the adjectival predicate, prepositional predicate; and so on, all of which are possible combinations that still mean the same thing. Although for the sentences that lack verbs, only two combinations are possible: either the nominal predicate appears before or after the adjectival/ prepositional predicate. And like Arabic, the copular verb is simply implied and can be omitted altogether in the present tense.
Example 11
Example 12
Ancient Indo-European languages.
In ancient Indo-European languages languages, verb inflections and context both play a significant role in determining the structure of the sentence as well as their translations to other languages. Verb inflections are used to indicate person (first, second or third), number (singular, dual or plural), tense, voice, and mood. Also, personal endings, which are suffixes that attach to verbs, are specifically used to express person and number and consist of nine different forms: alternating combinations between the three persons and three numbers.
Context determines whether the simple present and present progressive (for example, "I eat" vs. "I am eating") indicates the present or future tense. This is a common phenomenon found in English as well, since the sentence "I am eating in the cafeteria" can either mean "I am eating in the cafeteria now" or "I am eating in the cafeteria Tuesday". Additionally, the present tense can be used to talk about either the present or the past and which one it implies is determined by context. For instance, "We went to the mall James buys a new bike", where without the context ([yesterday) the action of buying would take place in the present but in this very sentence, it occurs in the past.
Thus for the examples below, the omitted copular verb only acts and implies a connection between the subject and predicate. Due to the missing verbal inflections, only the suffixes that are attached to the nominal predicates can be used to determine such things as number and possession. As to what time the sentences are describing, it depends entirely on the context of when the sentences are being used and/ or the preceding and following sentences.
Example 13: Ancient Greek
Example 14: Latin
Example 15: Old Persian
Example 16: Tocharian A

</doc>
<doc id="20304522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304522" title="Zhou Qifeng">
Zhou Qifeng

Zhou Qifeng (, born October 1947) is a Chinese chemist and academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. He succeeded Xu Zhihong to the office of the President of Peking University on November 14, 2008.
Biography.
Zhou Qifeng was an undergraduate student in Peking University from 1965 to 1970, and became a faculty member immediately after his graduation in 1970. He was studying in University of Massachusetts Amherst from 1980 to 1983 and returned to Peking University after receiving his PhD degree.
He was selected to be an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20304533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304533" title="Train track map">
Train track map

In the mathematical subject of geometric group theory a train track map is a continuous map "f" from a finite connected graph to itself which is a homotopy equivalence and which has particularly nice cancellation properties with respect to iterations. This map sends vertices to vertices and edges to nontrivial edge-paths with the property that for every edge "e" of the graph and for every positive integer "n" the path "fn"("e") is "immersed", that is "fn"("e") is locally injective on "e". Train-track maps are a key tool in analyzing the dynamics of automorphisms of finitely generated free groups and in the study of the Culler–Vogtmann Outer space.
History.
Train track maps for free group automorphisms were introduced in a 1992 paper of Bestvina and Handel. The notion was motivated by Thurston's train tracks on surfaces, but the free group case is substantially different and more complicated. In their 1992 paper Bestvina and Handel proved that every irreducible automorphism of "Fn" has a train-track representative. In the same paper they introduced the notion of a "relative train track" and applied train track methods to solve the "Scott conjecture" which says that for every automorphism "α" of a finitely generated free group "Fn" the fixed subgroup of "α" is free of rank at most "n". In a subsequent paper Bestvina and Handel applied the train track techniques to obtain an effective proof of Thurston's classification of homeomorphisms of compact surfaces (with or without boundary) which says that every such homeomorphism is, up to isotopy, either reducible, of finite order or pseudo-anosov.
Since then train tracks became a standard tool in the study of algebraic, geometric and dynamical properties of automorphisms of free groups and of subgroups of Out("Fn"). Train tracks are particularly useful since they allow to understand long-term growth (in terms of length) and cancellation behavior for large iterates of an automorphism of "Fn" applied to a particular conjugacy class in "Fn". This information is especially helpful when studying the dynamics of the action of elements of Out("Fn") on the Culler–Vogtmann Outer space and its boundary and when studying "Fn" actions of on real trees. Examples of applications of train tracks include: a theorem of Brinkmann proving that for an automorphism "α" of "Fn" the mapping torus group of "α" is word-hyperbolic if and only if "α" has no periodic conjugacy classes; a theorem of Bridson and Groves that for every automorphism "α" of "Fn" the mapping torus group of "α" satisfies a quadratic isoperimetric inequality; a proof of algorithmic solvability of the conjugacy problem for free-by-cyclic groups; and others.
Train tracks were a key tool in the proof by Bestvina, Feighn and Handel that the group Out("Fn") satisfies the Tits alternative.
The machinery of train tracks for injective endomorphisms of free groups was later developed by Dicks and Ventura.
Formal definition.
Combinatorial map.
For a finite graph "Γ" (which is thought of here as a 1-dimensional cell complex) a "combinatorial map" is a continuous map 
such that:
Train track map.
Let "Γ" be a finite connected graph. A combinatorial map "f" : "Γ" → "Γ" is called a "train track map" if for every edge "e" of "Γ" and every integer "n" ≥ 1 the edge-path "f""n"("e") contains no backtracks, that is, it contains no subpaths of the form "hh"−1 where "h" is an edge of "Γ". In other words, the restriction of "f""n" to "e" is locally injective (or an immersion) for every edge "e" and every "n" ≥ 1.
When applied to the case "n" = 1, this definition implies, in particular, that the path "f"("e") has no backtracks.
Topological representative.
Let "F""k" be a free group of finite rank "k" ≥ 2. Fix a free basis "A" of "F""k" and an identification of "F""k" with the fundamental group of the "rose" "R""k" which is a wedge of "k" circles corresponding to the basis elements of "A".
Let "φ" ∈  Out("F""k") be an outer automorphism of "F""k".
A "topological representative" of "φ" is a triple ("τ", "Γ", "f") where:
The map "τ" in the above definition is called a "marking" and is typically suppressed when topological representatives are discussed. Thus, by abuse of notation, one often says that in the above situation "f" : "Γ" → "Γ" is a topological representative of "φ".
Train track representative.
Let "φ" ∈  Out("F""k") be an outer automorphism of "F""k". A train track map which is a topological representative of "φ" is called a "train track representative" of "φ".
Legal and illegal turns.
Let "f" : "Γ" → "Γ" be a combinatorial map. A "turn" is an unordered pair "e", "h" of oriented edges of "Γ" (not necessarily distinct) having a common initial vertex. A turn "e", "h" is "degenerate" if "e" = "h" and "nondegenerate" otherwise.
A turn "e", "h" is "illegal" if for some "n" ≥ 1 the paths "f""n"("e") and "f""n"("h") have a nontrivial common initial segment (that is, they start with the same edge). A turn is "legal" if it not "illegal".
An edge-path "e"1..., "e""m" is said to "contain" turns "e""i"−1, "e""i+1" for "i" = 1...,"m"−1.
A combinatorial map "f" : "Γ" → "Γ" is a train-track map if and only if for every edge "e" of "Γ" the path "f"("e") contains no illegal turns.
Derivative map.
Let "f" : "Γ" → "Γ" be a combinatorial map and let "E" be the set of oriented edges of "Γ". Then "f" determines its "derivative map" "Df" : "E" → "E" where for every edge "e" "Df"("e") is the initial edge of the path "f"("e"). The map "Df" naturally extends to the map "Df" : "T" → "T" where "T" is the set of all turns in "Γ". For a turn "t" given by an edge-pair "e", "h", its image "Df"("t") is the turn "Df"("e"), "Df"("h"). A turn "t" is legal if and only if for every "n" ≥ 1 the turn ("Df")"n"("t") is nondegenerate. Since the set "T" of turns is finite, this fact allows one to algorithmically determine if a given turn is legal or not and hence to algorithmically decide, given "f", whether or not "f" is a train-track map.
Examples.
Let "φ" be the automorphism of "F"("a","b") given by "φ"("a") = "b", "φ"("b") = "ab". Let "Γ" be the wedge of two loop-edges "E""a" and "E""b" corresponding to the free basis elements "a" and "b", wedged at the vertex "v". Let "f" : "Γ" → "Γ" be the map which fixes "v" and sends the edge "E""a" to "E""b" and that sends the edge "E""b" to the edge-path "E""a""E""b".
Then "f" is a train track representative of "φ".
Main result for irreducible automorphisms.
Irreducible automorphisms.
An outer automorphism "φ" of "F""k" is said to be "reducible" if there exists a free product decomposition
where all "H""i" are nontrivial, where "m" ≥ 1 and where "φ" permutes the conjugacy classes of "H"1...,"H""m" in "F""k". An outer automorphism "φ" of "F""k" is said to be "irreducible" if it is not reducible.
It is known that "φ" ∈  Out("F""k") be irreducible if and only if for every topological representative
"f" : "Γ" → "Γ" of "φ", where "Γ" is finite, connected and without degree-one vertices, any proper "f"-invariant subgraph of "Γ" is a forest.
Bestvina–Handel theorem for irreducible automorphisms.
The following result was obtained by Bestvina and Handel in their 1992 paper where train track maps were originally introduced:
Let "φ" ∈  Out("F""k") be irreducible. Then there exists a train track representative of "φ".
Sketch of the proof.
For a topological representative "f":"Γ"→"Γ" of an automorphism "φ" of "F""k" the "transition matrix" "M"("f") is an "r"x"r" matrix (where "r" is the number of topological edges of "Γ") where the entry "m""ij" is the number of times the path "f"("e""j") passes through the edge "e""i" (in either direction). If "φ" is irreducible, the transition matrix "M"("f") is "irreducible" in the sense of the Perron–Frobenius theorem and it has a unique Perron–Frobenius eigenvalue "λ"("f") ≥ 1 which is equal to the spectral radius of "M"("f").
One then defines a number of different "moves" on topological representatives of "φ" that are all seen to either decrease or preserve the Perron–Frobenius eignevalue of the transition matrix. These moves include: subdividing an edge; valence-one homotopy (getting rid of a degree-one vertex); valence-two homotopy (getting rid of a degree-two vertex); collapsing an invariant forest; and folding. Of these moves the valence-one homotopy always reduced the Perron–Frobenius eigenvalue.
Starting with some topological representative "f" of an irreducible automorphism "φ" one then algorithmically constructs a sequence of topological representatives 
of "φ" where "f""n" is obtained from "f""n"−1 by several moves, specifically chosen. In this sequence, if "f""n" is not a train track map, then the moves producing "f""n"+1 from "f""n" necessarily involve a sequence of folds followed by a valence-one homotopy, so that the Perron–Frobenius eignevalue of "f""n"+1 is strictly smaller than that of "f""n". The process is arranged in such a way that Perron–Frobenius eignevalues of the maps "f""n" take values in a discrete substet of formula_2. This guarantees that the process terminates in a finite number of steps and the last term "f""N" of the sequence is a train track representative of "φ".
Applications to growth.
A consequence (requiring additional arguments) of the above theorem is the following:
Unlike for elements of mapping class groups, for an irreducible "φ" ∈ Out("F""k") it is often the case

</doc>
<doc id="20304545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304545" title="Song of the Watchmen of Modena">
Song of the Watchmen of Modena

The Song (or Poem) of the Watchmen of Modena () is an anonymous late ninth-century Latin lyric poem encouraging the guards who stood watch on the walls of Modena. The poem contains later interpolations (lines 11–16, 25–26, 30–34), but its musical notation has survived. Peter Godman called it "hauntingly beautiful". 
Francesco Novati proposed that the song was written by a cleric in his cell as he listened to the chant of the guardsmen echo on the walls. This Romantic interpretation has been superseded. At about the same time as the lyric was composed the walls of Modena were augmented for defence against the Magyars, and prayers pleading deliverance from their raids are preserved in the same manuscript as the watchmen's song. The song falls into the tradition of liturgical vigils (known to have been kept at Modena during this time) and the secular "vigiliae murorum" (vigils of the walls). It was probably composed for use at Mass sending off the guards for duty. The poet invokes the blessing of Christ, the Virgin, and John, who had lately seen a chapel consecrated in their honour on 26 July 881, a date which helps place the poem in time. The chapel of Santa Maria e San Giovanni was beside a city gate, and it was probably there that the guards assembled before their watch and joined the clergy in singing the song. 
The poet cites two stories from classical history to encourage the guards: the Trojan War, and how the city was safe while Hector kept watch; and the Sacred Geese (derived from Virgil and Servius), who defended the Rome from the Gauls. Lines 17–18 of the song—"Pro qua virtute facta est argentea / Et a Romanis adorata ut dea"—seem to be the poet's invention, based on his reading of Servius, or Isidore of Seville, who copied Servius. 

</doc>
<doc id="20304553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304553" title="Darryl Rouson">
Darryl Rouson

Darryl Rouson (born July 20, 1954) is a St. Petersburg, Florida, lawyer, political activist, and Democratic politician who serves as the Florida House representative for District 55. He is a former president of the St. Petersburg NAACP and former chair of the National Bar Association's Substance Abuse and Addictions Task Force. He was Pinellas County's first African-American assistant state attorney. As an attorney, he represented high profile clients such as Darryl Strawberry. In 2008, he stood for election four times for the same office. He defeated two other Democrats in the fall primary and went on to win the general election with 98% of the vote against a write-in candidate. He is married to Angela H. Rouson and has eight children.
Biography.
Rouson was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the son of W. Ervin and Vivian. His father was a guidance counselor at Gibbs Junior College and an administrator at St. Petersburg Junior College. He was also vice president of student affairs Palm Beach Junior College in Lake Worth. He died in 1979. His mother taught French and English at Sixteenth Street Junior High and Lakewood Senior High. She was a pioneer of integration in Pinellas County. She lived for a time in Minnesota where her leadership extended to many arenas: she was the first African American elected to the School Board for the Burnsville-Egan School District (in the Twin Cities metro), she co-founded the Dakota County Society of Black Women, and she served as interim director at Normandale Community College's women's center. She retired to Washington, D.C.
Rouson came to St. Petersburg at age three, and lived in Cromwell Heights. He attended a private Catholic school, St. Petersburg Catholic, which was then named Bishop Barry High School. He returned to New Orleans to attend college at Xavier University, from which he graduated in 1977. He received his law degree from the University of Florida Spessard Holland Law Center in 1979. In 1980, he returned to St. Petersburg with a job at Gulfcoast Legal Services. Shortly afterward, he opened his own practice.
In 1983, he accepted a friend's offer of cocaine while at a party. He developed an addiction to cocaine that grew at the expense of his practice, his standing in the community, and his marriage. In 1987, he sold his practice and his home on Pinellas Point. He divorced his wife and left St. Petersburg. After some time, he met Reverend George Clements in Chicago. Reverend Clements was the founder of One Church-One Child, an adoption program. Rouson became the recovery revival coordinator for One Church-One Addict, a program that taught churches how to help recovering addicts. Rouson married a second time in 1991. His second wife developed breast cancer and died in 1997. He then returned to St. Petersburg in 1998.
Shortly after arriving in St. Petersburg, Rouson became active as a leader in the community. He became chairman of the St. Petersburg Area Black Chamber of Commerce, and he served on St. Petersburg's Charter Review Commission. He headed a substance abuse ministry at Mount Zion Progressive Missionary Baptist Church. He became the president of St. Petersburg branch of the NAACP in 2000. Around this time he experienced a brief period of homelessness; Rouson has said that this experience has helped him to understand the plight of the homeless and to endorse making homelessness a hate crime in Florida.
Activism and law practice.
Rouson's activism in the community and his law practice often involve his passions for civil rights and against drug addiction.
In January 2000, Rouson was appointed to the St. Petersburg Charter Review Commission. The Council decided at the same session to award a $50,000 grant to the St. Petersburg Area Black Chamber of Commerce. The chamber had experienced financial difficulties since it was established in 1999. Rouson also became the president of the Chamber later in the month. His predecessor had co-mingled personal funds with that of the Chamber's in order to maintain solvency, and Rouson sought to establish the financial integrity of the Chamber. He saw the Chamber as the NAACP's economic arm and as a partner with the St. Petersburg Area Chamber of Commerce. He set the chamber's goals at bringing more minority-owned businesses to St. Petersburg and attracting the convention of a national company.
In July 2000, as head of the Chamber, Rouson protested the treatment of African-American teenagers at a local mall. In the late 1990s, several Tampa Bay Area malls, including Tyrone Square mall, developed dress codes to deter what they saw as gang activity. One of the concerns they had was with caps worn turned to one side. In July 2000, Tyrone mall's policy generated controversy after the son of a minister at Bethel Community Baptist Church was ejected. The boy's father felt the mall's actions were discriminatory, whereas the mall said it was simply providing for the safety of its patrons. Rouson went to the mall in an effort to "test the policy." He too was asked to leave.
In November 2000, he won an election as president of the St. Petersburg Chapter of the NAACP. He received criticism during the campaign as a member of the Uhuru Movement. He denied the assertion, dismissing it as a scare tactic. He did say that the NAACP should work more closely with the Uhuru's and other civic organizations on such matters as economic development. Omali Yeshitela, the group's leader, also denied that Rouson was a member. He did welcome what he perceived as needed change in the NAACP.
After the election, Rouson said his goals were to continue to counter the effects of racism, eliminate substance abuse, improve economic development and double youth membership.
That same month, he represented a neighborhood association that was suing a motel on a nuisance complaint. The Fossil Park Neighborhood Association accused the owners of the motel of allowing it to be used as a crack house and providing a place for prostitutes to bring their clients. Complaints to the motel owners and to the police had been unavailing. Rouson said he saw the suit as an opportunity to continue his fight against drug abuse in the area.
The suit was settled two years later, with both sides bound by a gag order under the terms of the settlement. Plaintiffs were scheduled to meet with an architect with plans to replace the motel with a three-story, 30-room Best Western.
By early 2003, the NAACP under Rouson's leadership achieved a number of milestones in meeting its goals. Pinellas County created a program to help small businesses owned by minorities. The first African American was appointed to the "St. Petersburg Times" board of directors. The Pinellas County Sheriff's Office appointed its first black captain. The school board hired more African-American subcontractors for the construction of Gibbs High School. His achievements were tempered by some adversity. He declared bankruptcy to erase debts incurred before his return to St. Petersburg. He received a reprimand from the state Bar in early 2001. During a criminal trial, he had surreptitiously gone through a report on the opposing counsel's table in the court room. He readily admitted he had made a mistake and apologized. Prosecutors said that he could have had access to the material merely by asking.
In October 2003, Rouson condemned the message sent by the Monopoly parody Ghettopoly and joined the president of the Hillsborough NAACP in demanding that the Urban Outfitters in Ybor City remove the game from its shelves. Although the game's creator claimed it was intended to be satirical, Rouson declared, "There's nothing humorous or light about death and destruction that drugs and drug dealing cause in our neighborhoods that one should profit in parody."
In January 2004, Rouson said he would not seek re-election as president of the St. Petersburg NAACP, citing the time the unpaid position took from his law practice and family. He also challenged the community to build on the progress made in civil rights in the private sector and in government. By November, however, no one had stepped forward to replace him and he agreed to stay. In July 2005, he announced that he would replaced by his assistant, vice-president Trenia Byrd-Cox. He had earlier advocated for the secession of Midtown from St. Petersburg in an effort to emphasize shortcomings in the status of African Americans in Pinellas County. However, he had backed away from the idea after recognizing its divisiveness.
In April 2005, while president of the St. Petersburg NAACP, Rouson stood trial on a charge of misdemeanor trespassing. In June 2004, he had entered into a conflict with the manager of a St. Petersburg tobacconist's shop, the Purple Haze. He claims to have strongly objected to the selling of what he condemned as drug paraphernalia, glass smoking pipes. Although ostensibly sold for use with tobacco, Rouson claimed it was common knowledge they were commonly used to smoke such illicit drugs as marijuana and cocaine, and decried the "legal lie and deception" that allows them to be sold. In court, the manager of the shop said anyone who talks about illegal drugs is asked to leave, and that Rouson had refused to do so. Rouson claimed that he tried to leave, but his way was blocked by two pit bulls. At trial, Rouson claimed he had gone to the store as an act of protest against the sell of what he called "death utensils." One of his witnesses was a Catholic priest who testified about his training in nonviolent civil disobedience. He was found guilty, but the judge withheld adjudication.
Politics.
In September 2005, Rouson joined the Republican Party. Though registered with no party affiliation, he had been long regarded as a closet Republican, and had been courted by such Republican leaders as then-Attorney General Charlie Crist, whom he supported for governor. {He had left the Democratic Party in 1999.) In February 2007, Governor Crist appointed Rouson to the Taxation and Budget Reform Commission. The Commission meets every twenty years and is empowered to propose tax related changes to the State Constitution. In July 2007, he considered a run for State House District 55 as a Republican. Despite the district historically voting Democratic, Rouson was optimistic that his ties in Tallahassee and years of activism would give him the ability to win.
He again became a Democrat in 2007 to run in District 55 against two Democrats, City Council member Earnest Williams and activist Charles McKenzie, in the special primary leading up to the special election to replace Frank Peterman. Peterman had been appointed by Governor Crist to lead Florida's Department of Juvenile Justice.
In the special primary, Reverend Charles McKenzie, a coordinator for Rainbow/PUSH and educator, accused Rouson of being unfamiliar with the needs of residents of the southern part of District 55, in Manatee and Sarasota counties. Rouson denied this, saying residents of Newton and Sarasota had the same problems as people living in Midtown and St. Petersburg. Rouson was endorsed by Peterman, but some Democratic leaders had qualms. They questioned his dedication to Democratic ideals and ties to Republican Mayor Rick Baker and Governor Crist.
A special general election became necessary when a Republican, Calvester Benjamin-Anderson, entered the race as a write-in candidate. This closed the primary to non-Democrats, and the special election was scheduled for April 15, 2008. There had been a prior history between Benjamin-Anderson and Rouson. She had filed a sexual harassment and racial bias suit against Florida Power Corp., but the suit was dismissed by the court. She also filed a complaint against Rouson, alleging that he had charged her an excessive fee. This complaint was dismissed by the State Bar. Rouson defeated Williams and McKenzie in the special primary with 44% of the vote. He went on to defeat Benjamin-Anderson in April 2008, winning 93% of the vote.
While finishing Peterman's term, Rouson was one of three Pinellas representatives to support school vouchers (corporate-tax-credit scholarships), along with Bill Heller and Janet C. Long. Rouson was supported in the primary election by pro-school voucher group, All Children Matter. They praised his work in the Legislature, and they denied that his efforts as a member of the Florida Taxation and Budget Reform Commission were considerations. However, while on the Commission, he voted to place two amendments on the ballot that would allow religion based schools to receive taxpayer support.
McKenzie again opposed Rouson in the regular primary. He criticized Rouson's support of a proposed amendment to the State Constitution which he said would hurt public education. Rouson said he wanted to reduce taxes and felt the proposed amendment should go to referendum to let the voters decide. McKenzie claimed he looked forward to improving teachers salaries, making changes in FCAT and reworking Florida's system for delivering health care to children. Rouson emphasized the need for reducing property taxes, the need to create more affordable housing and the need to bring more jobs to the district. Rouson won the primary, receiving 65% of the 5,000 votes cast in District 55.
Rouson was one of three Pinellas Democrats endorsed by the St. Petersburg Chamber of Commerce, along with Bill Heller of District 52 and Janet C. Long of District 51. He was one of three Pinellas candidates for the State House endorsed by Associated Industries of Florida, along with Bill Heller and Peter Nehr. He was recommended in the 2008 general election by the Sarasota Herald Tribune, again against write-in candidate Calvester Benjamin-Anderson. He won with 98% of the vote.
During the 2013 Florida legislative session, he was the primary sponsor of Florida House Bill 49, which prohibits the retail sale of certain smoking devices, such as glass pipes, clay pipes, water pipes, and hookas, which can be used to smoke marijuana. http://www.myfloridahouse.gov/Sections/Bills/billsdetail.aspx?BillId=49236 The bill was passed and took effect July 1, 2013. However the bill was altered to allow the sale if it is made clear the devices are for tobacco use only.

</doc>
<doc id="20304555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304555" title="George Roop">
George Roop

George H. Roop (born November 10, 1981) is an American mixed martial artist. He was a cast member of Spike TV's "", winning his preliminary and first round fights. He currently fights as a bantamweight in the UFC. He holds notable victories over former WEC Bantamwight champion Brian Bowles and UFC featherweight contender Chan Sung Jung.
Background.
Roop is from Tucson, Arizona and began competing in martial arts from a young age, winning Tae Kwon Do and judo tournaments while following the UFC in its early days. He later attended Canyon Del Oro High School, where he was a quarterback on the football team and participated in wrestling in the 112 lbs. division, and had also wrestled in middle school. He attended Pima Community College but elected not to wrestle. He met former UFC fighters Drew Fickett and Efrain Escudero while attending PCC.
Mixed martial arts.
Roop developed his mixed martial skills at The Ultima Martial Arts and Primero Jiu-Jitsu in Tucson, Arizona. Roop's main experience comes from fighting in an Arizona-based promotion, Rage in the Cage, where he was the featherweight champion. He has fought as a lightweight, featherweight and bantamweight.
Roop was originally a fighter for the team, The Ultima Martial Arts. When the Ultimate Fighter ended, Roop moved out to Las Vegas, Nevada and began his training with Xtreme Couture. After Shawn Tompkins left Xtreme Couture, Roop followed him and started fighting for Team Tompkins. Now, he fights out of APEX MMA in Tucson, AZ.
The Ultimate Fighter.
Roop defeated Rolando Delgado by decision in the preliminary round. This meant that he earned a shot in the TUF house. Roop was selected last overall in the team selections, by Team Mir. George's fight with John Polakowski was the last lightweight, first round fight. Right before the fight Roop broke his hand, during his team's practice. Roop won the fight by decision after two rounds. Frank Mir said it was the fight of the show. While Dana White stated "Sometimes fights that need a third round don't make it, even when they should."
In the semi-finals, Roop fought Phillipe Nover and lost in round one by submission.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Roop lost his UFC debut against former cast mate Shane Nelson. Roop lost the fight via split decision. Roop had his next fight at UFC 98: Evans vs. Machida where he defeated Dave Kaplan via split decision.
In his third UFC fight, Roop stepped in on very short notice to take on George Sotiropoulos at UFC 101. Roop lost the fight in the second round after Sotiropoulos applied a kimura forcing Roop to tap instantly. Roop was let go, along with Thales Leites and Tamdan McCrory, after going 1-2 in the promotion.
After release from the UFC.
After being released from the Ultimate Fighting Championships, Roop returned to the Rage in the Cage promotion to fight Matt Dell for the featherweight title. The fight took place on November 14 with Roop winning all three rounds on every judges scorecard to capture the title.
World Extreme Cagefighting.
Roop was signed by the WEC after going only 1-0 since being released from the UFC. He was set to make his debut against Jesse Moreng on January 10, 2010 at WEC 46, but Moreng was forced off the card with an injury. Roop instead went down two weight classes to bantamweight and faced Eddie Wineland. Wineland defeated Roop via unanimous decision.
Roop faced Leonard Garcia on March 6, 2010 at WEC 47 after he replaced Diego Nunes who was forced off the card with an injury. The bout ended in a rare split draw but earned "Fight of the Night" honors.
Roop next faced Chan Sung Jung on September 30, 2010 at WEC 51. A significant underdog going into the fight, Roop won via KO due to a vicious head kick to the chin in the second round, earning him the "Knockout of the Night" bonus and giving Jung his first ever stoppage loss.
Return to Ultimate Fighting Championship.
On October 28, 2010, World Extreme Cagefighting merged with the Ultimate Fighting Championship. As part of the merger, all WEC fighters were transferred to the UFC.
Roop fought former Team Tompkins teammate & training partner, Mark Hominick on January 22, 2011 at . Roop was knocked down multiple times and at just 1:28 of the first round Roop lost via TKO due to strikes.
Roop then faced Josh Grispi on June 4, 2011 at The Ultimate Fighter 13 Finale. Although the underdog, he dominated the fight and finished Grispi with a body shot for the TKO finish in the third round.
Roop faced world ranked featherweight Hatsu Hioki on October 29, 2011 at UFC 137, losing via split decision.
Roop next faced Cub Swanson on January 28, 2012 at . He lost the fight via TKO in the second round.
Roop was expected to face Antonio Carvalho on July 21, 2012 at UFC 149. However, Roop was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by Daniel Pineda.
Roop was expected to return to bantamweight and face Yuri Alcantara on January 19, 2013 at , replacing an injured Johnny Eduardo. However, Roop was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by promotional newcomer Pedro Nobre.
In his next fight, Roop faced Reuben Duran on March 16, 2013 at UFC 158. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Roop faced Brian Bowles on May 25, 2013 at UFC 160. He won the fight via TKO in the second round.
Roop was expected to face Francisco Rivera on October 19, 2013 at UFC 166. However, the pairing was shifted to November 6, 2013 at UFC Fight Night 31. He lost the fight via TKO in the second round.
Roop is expected to face Dustin Kimura on April 16, 2014 at .
Personal life.
Roop is the father of four children, fraternal twins Tristan and Nya Roop. The eldest child, Julian died in 2009 at the age of seven. Roop and his fiancée had their first child together, a boy named Payden, in September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20304561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304561" title="Alex Shandrowsky">
Alex Shandrowsky

Alexander A. Shandrowsky (Born August 1, 1950) is a former American labor union leader from Baltimore, Maryland. He was elected President of the Marine Engineers Beneficial Association, AFL-CIO in 1995 and served in that position until 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20304578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304578" title="List of Call of Duty media">
List of Call of Duty media

This is a list of media related to the "Call of Duty" video game series. The series includes 14 video games released across multiple consoles since 2003, including Microsoft Windows/OS X-based PCs, Nintendo DS, Nintendo GameCube, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Portable, PlayStation Vita, Wii, Xbox, and Xbox 360. Soundtracks of the music from several of the games have also been released, along with a comic book mini-series based on one of the games.

</doc>
<doc id="20304584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304584" title="New Careers">
New Careers

New Careers is a former education and training program in Manitoba, Canada. It was established in 1971 by the provincial government of Edward Schreyer.
The program claimed a 92-93% job success rate during the 1990s, the highest in the country. Follow-up research showed that 75% were still working three years later. Many of its graduates were from disadvantaged backgrounds, and several were from the province's aboriginal communities. George Hickes, the current Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba, has credited New Careers with turning his life around after a troubled youth.
New Careers was all but eliminated by the government of Gary Filmon in the mid-1990s. Education Minister Rosemary Vodrey imposed a 35% funding cutback on the organization in 1993, and her successor Clayton Manness halved the program in 1994. In 1995, Manness announced that all but four workers in the program would be laid off. Several opposition legislators criticized these decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="20304610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304610" title="Vaghena Island">
Vaghena Island

Wagina Island—or as it used to be misspelled in colonial times, Vaghena Island—is a small community in the Solomon Islands with 320 inhabitants, most of whom live along the shores of the Kenli Bay, where a small docking station is built for both residents and visitors. 
There are three villages in Wagina: Kukutin, Arariki and Nikumaroro. The inhabitants of this island are ethnic I-Kiribati (Micronesians), who were relocated to the British Solomon Islands Protectorate (now simply referred to as the Solomon Islands) from the islands of Orona (Hull Island) and Nikumaroro (Gardener Island).
The easiest way to reach Wagina is by plane to Kagau Airstrip, Choiseul Province, from Honiara (currently twice a week). From Kagau it takes only 45 - 60 minutes by OBM to Wagina. 

</doc>
<doc id="20304621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304621" title="House of the Holy Ghost, Copenhagen">
House of the Holy Ghost, Copenhagen

The House of the Holy Ghost (Danish: Helligåndshuset) in Copenhagen, Denmark is a historic building owned and operated as an exhibition space by the adjacent Church of the Holy Ghost.One of the oldest buildings in Copenhagen, it was part of the largest medieval hospital in Denmark which King Christian I turned into an Augustinian priory 1497.
History.
Hospital.
The Hospital of the Holy Ghost was founded in 1296 near Grayfriars monastery by the Bishop of Roskilde Johannes Krag under the name 'Copenhagen's Hospital'. Bishop Krag was member of the powerful Krag-Hvide noble family. For its support a ground rent was assessed all properties in Copenhagen which had not already paid the tax. The hospital's purpose was to gather up the poor and sick and feed and care for them. After the imposition of the original ground rent, the hospital sent out 'petitioners' to solicit alms for the upkeep and operation of the hospital.
As was the case with St. Clare's Hospital, the Hospital of the Holy Ghost was operated by a quasi-religious brotherhood which lived a religious life and cared for the residents. Local priests were assigned to see to the spiritual welfare of the people who lived and worked at the hospital. The 'rule' of the brotherhood most closely resembled that of the Knights of St. John. In time the name was changed to Holy Ghost House (Danish: Helligåndshus). Common people came to refer to it as 'Holy Ghost's', (Danish: Helliggestes) the pronunciation coming from the countless German merchants who frequented the city. 
Over the centuries families donated properties to the hospital for its maintenance. By the 15th century it had income from several such properties. Sometime before 1449 the hospital had its own church and bath house.
In 1472 King Christian I took the hospital, and all its properties, contents, and its brothers and sisters under his protection, most likely because it could no longer support itself. The king invited contributions from throughout Denmark for the assistance to the poor and sick of Holy Ghost House.
Abbey.
In 1474 Christian I went on pilgrimage to Rome and stopped at the Augustinian Holy Ghost Hospital at Saxia de Urba, Italy. It apparently showed him the advantages of having an established religious order, the Order of the Holy Ghost, to organize and operate a hospital. Pope Sixtus IV issued a bull declaring on Christian's behalf that there was in all of Denmark only one Augustine hospital and in the capital where gathered princes, nobles, and knights there was no place to house or care for abandoned and bastard children and the poor. Therefore will the king permit the improvement and refoundation of a hospital where the Augustinian Order would prevail.
The space available for the hospital had long been considered to be too small to accommodate the needs of the poor. The hospital had lost its church to a fire and the time had come for a major expansion with the complete support of Christian I In just two years the hospital had more than doubled the space available by tearing down several houses adjacent to the old hospital property. Christian I gave not a penny to the expansion, but used his influence to get others to contribute to his new favorite cause. No information about the rebuilding of the church is known, but it was completed before 1479 when a donation was made by Bernt Hakenberg to the St. Anne
's Chapel in it. Queen Dorothea made the single largest contribution on condition that '12 poor sick persons be cared for at all times', going into great detail for the specific care and feeding until each recovered or went the way of all earth. She specifically names her husband's reorganized hospital a monastery.
By 1498 the hospital was in financial difficulties due to the costs of expansion. The Augustine monks who operated it petitioned the pope in 1497 for permission to sell indulgences, which was granted until 1515 when the permission was rescinded except during Easter and then only in places where papal indulgences were not available. 
Christian I had also been expanding the Augustinian-run hospital in Malmø, then part of Denmark. In 1517 the pope decided that the two hospitals should share one prior. Hans I and Queen Christina were generous in their gifts to both hospitals. Christian II added an unusual income source by decreeing that shipwreck goods on the Øresund which lay unclaimed were to be sold and the funds sent to the hospital.
Reformation.
In 1527 the city fathers read a publication by Povl Helgesen which decried the conditions at the hospitals and outlined the view that the hospital should be broken up so that the poor were not mixed in with those who had contagious diseases. The sick should be divided into those who had non-contagious diseases and those who has contagious diseases. His views were accepted by those charged with administration of the hospital. A new hospital was planned along those lines.
The plans came to naught because of the catastrohpic fall of the Catholic Church in the 1530s. Even before Denmark became officially Lutheran, the city fathers petitioned the king to separate the hospital form the monaster;, in so many words asking that the Augustinian monks be expelled from their combined hospital-priory. They went further to propose that the hospital be given the properties and incomes that had belonged to St Gertrude's Hospital and St Jørgen's Leper Hospital be turned over to Holy Ghost House. A governor was to be appointed by the city fathers. In 1530 the Augustines were sent packing and the hospital became a city institution. Holy Ghost Church became a parish church. Holy Ghost Church was built around the old Hospital Church and contains what is left of the old priory church. The tower of the church gives a magnificent view of Copenhagen.
Later History.
Once the furor of the Count's Feud ended and Christian III came to the throne, there was no money to pay for the new hospital. In 1607 Vartov Hospital was begun and over the next several years Holy Ghost Hospital's buildings and properties were sold or torn down to make room for newer structures. In 1607 Vartov Hospital took over the leper hospital at St Jørgens Gård. Holy Ghost Church was rebuilt in to one the city's most beautiful churches around the existing hospital church.

</doc>
<doc id="20304622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304622" title="Oeneis chryxus">
Oeneis chryxus

The Chryxus Arctic "(Oeneis chryxus)" is a butterfly, a species of Satyrinae that occurs in North America.
Description.
The wingspan is 45 to 54 mm. The dorsal view is cream or brownish-orange. Forewing has 1-4 small black eyespots near the outer margin, then the hindwing has an additional 1-2. The males have a dark patch of sex scales on their forewings. The ventral view has black and white striations, a broad dark median band and veins of white scales. There is only one black spot near the lower inner margin of the wing. 
Range and habitat.
Eastern Alaska south through the higher elevated Mexican Rockies, east across Canada into Quebec, Wisconsin and Michigan. There is a small isolated population in the California Sierras. Within their habitat they are most commonly found on rocky hilltops, meadows and open woodlands.
Life cycle.
There is only one brood and that occurs from May to June every year. They are more numerous in the Great Lakes region than elsewhere. The caterpillars take two years to completely develop, they hibernate as early instars during the first winter and the last instar completes the second winter.

</doc>
<doc id="20304632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304632" title="Carretera Costera Riviera Mayo">
Carretera Costera Riviera Mayo

Carretera Costera Riviera Mayo (Mayo Riviera Coastal Road) formerly known as Brecha de Sinaloa is a state road in the Mexican state of Sonora. It runs from Agiabampo to Yavaros. 
Route description.
As of January 2009 Mayo Riviera Coastal Road is a dirt road except the part running from the intersection to the road to Mexican Federal Highway 15 in Las Bocas to the beach of Camahuiroa. This part was opened in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20304639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304639" title="XL Foods">
XL Foods

XL Foods Inc. is a Canadian meat packing company. The company is a subsidiary of Nilsson Brothers Inc. based in Edmonton, Alberta. From 2009 until 2013, XL Foods' Lakeside Packers Division was located just west of Brooks, Alberta, in Newell County. This facility was the second largest beef-processing operation in Canada. During this period the company was by far the largest employer in Brooks, employing more than 2,200 people in 2012.
History.
XL Foods grew from a collection of ranches, feedlots and feed mills into one of the foremost Canadian-owned and operated beef processors in Western Canada. Nilsson Bros. reached an agreement to purchase the core beef assets, along with the company name, on November 22, 1998. In 2009, XL Foods bought Lakeside Packers from its U.S. parent company Tyson Foods, following a bitter strike at Lakeside that lasted through most of 2005 after the workers joined the United Food and Commercial Workers labour union.
XL Lakeside shutdown.
XL Foods was temporarily closed on September 27, 2012, by order of the Canadian Food Inspection Agency due to "" being discovered in processed meat originating from the plant. The plant was testing incorrectly for "E. coli" in meat, so the testing procedures were made more stringent. The plant processes between 2000 and 5000 cattle per day, representing approximately one-third of Canada's 2012 beef slaughtering capacity.
According to American regulators and the Canadian Food Inspection Agency, testing practices in place at the plant were not stringent enough to protect consumers from the "E. coli" contamination. The incident has also been linked to increased production at the plant during the time when the "E. coli" was detected.
A total of 18 confirmed cases of infection with "E. coli" O157:H7 were reported during the subsequent outbreak linked to XL Foods.
On October 18, 2012, it was announced that the XL Lakeside plant was to be taken over by JBS USA for 60 days with "an exclusive option to buy the Canadian and U.S. operations of XL Foods".
The Brooks plant was sold to JBS Canada on January 14, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20304675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304675" title="List of Agaricus species">
List of Agaricus species

The fungal genus "Agaricus" contains about 200 species worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20304678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304678" title="Catherine Littlefield">
Catherine Littlefield

Catherine Littlefield (1905 — 1951) was an American ballerina and choreographer, one of the first inductees (1987) into the Hall of Fame of the National Museum of Dance.
She founded a ballet school in Philadelphia, with future Broadway star Joan McCracken among her students, and founded the Philadelphia Ballet Company in 1935.
Catherine Littlefield was also famous for ballets on bicycles and ice skates.
Littlefield was inducted into the National Museum of Dance's Mr. & Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney Hall of Fame in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20304693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304693" title="Nicolas Charles Seringe">
Nicolas Charles Seringe

Nicolas Charles Seringe (December 3, 1776 – December 29, 1858) was a French physician and botanist born in Longjumeau.
He studied medicine in Paris, and subsequently served as a military surgeon. In this role he was involved in the German campaign under General Jean Victor Marie Moreau (1763-1813). Afterwards, he left the army and relocated to Bern, where he developed an interest in botany. From 1801 to 1820, he taught classes in Bern, followed by similar duties in Geneva (1820-1830). In 1830 he was named director of the "Jardin de Plantes de Lyon", and from 1834 he taught classes at the University of Lyon.
Seringe belonged to several learned societies, including the Linnean Society of Lyon, of which he was a founding member. Among his written efforts were an 1815 monograph on willows native to Switzerland, a treatise on Swiss cereal grains titled ""Monographie des céréales de la Suisse"" (1818) and a work on cereal grains of Europe called ""Descriptions et figures des céréales européennes"" (1841).
The genus "Seringia" is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20304705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304705" title="Dou Can">
Dou Can

Dou Shen (竇參) (734–793), courtesy name Shizhong (時中), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong. He was known for being a capable judge before becoming chancellor, but was considered a partisan power monger as a chancellor, eventually drawing Emperor Dezong's ire and leading to his demotion and later forced suicide.
Background.
Dou Shen was born in 734, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His ancestors were originally Xianbei nobles of Northern Wei with the clan name Gedouling (紇豆陵), and further claimed that they were descended from the Han Dynasty official Dou Wu and fled to Xianbei realms after Dou Wu was killed in 168 after a failed struggle with powerful eunuchs. Dou Shen's Northern Wei ancestors, after assuming the surname of Dou during the change of Xianbei names to Han names regime that Emperor Xiaowu of Northern Wei instituted, were ancestors in the line to officials of Western Wei and Sui Dynasty, before the early Tang dynasty chancellor Dou Kang, who was Dou Shen's great-great-great-grandfather. Dou Shen's grandfather Dou Jin (竇瑾) was not recorded with any official titles, but Dou Shen's father Dou Shenyan (竇審言) served as a county magistrate.
Early career.
Dou Shen learned about laws and administrative regulations when he was young. It was said that he had a stern and decisive personality. Because of his heritage, he became an official in his young age, and eventually became the sheriff of Wannian County (萬年), one of the two counties making up the Tang capital Chang'an. On one night, one of his colleagues was supposed to be on duty in watching the prisoners but asked Dou to fill in for him because his relative was ill. Dou agreed. That night, some prisoners escaped, and his superior, the mayor of Jingzhao Municipality (京兆, i.e., the Chang'an region) read the rotation schedule and saw that Dou's colleague was to be on duty. He was set to punish Dou's colleague, when Dou stated that it was he who watched the prisoners and should be held responsible. As a result, he was sent out of the capital to be the magistrate of Jiangxia County (江夏, in modern Wuhan, Hubei), but received praise for his honesty.
Eventually, he was promoted to be the sheriff of Fengxian County (奉先, near Chang'an). One of the residents of Fengxian, Cao Fen (曹芬), was nominally a soldier of the imperial guards, but was known for his violence. On one occasion, when Cao was drunk, he battered his sister; his father tried to stop the battering, but could not, and in distress committed suicide by jumping into a well. Dou arrested Cao and his brothers and sentenced them to death. His subordinates wanted to spare them because their father had just died, but Dou responded:
Dou then caned them to death, and this terrified the people of the county. He later became "Dali Sizhi" (大理司直), a judge at the supreme court (大理寺). On one occasion, he was sent to the Yangtze River-Huai River region to rule on cases in that region. When he arrived at Yang Prefecture (揚州, in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu), the military governor of Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered at Yang Prefecture), Chen Shaoyou (陳少遊), who was arrogant, did not personally welcome him as per regulations but only sent subordinates to do so. Dou rebuked them and refused to meet them. Chen, in fear, apologized. It was further said that Dou served well on this mission. In particular, at that time, Deng Ting (鄧珽) the prefect of Wu Prefecture (婺州, in modern Jinhua, Zhejiang) was accused of receiving a large amount of bribes, and his assets were set to be seized to satisfy the penalty. Deng, however, was friendly with the chancellors at that time, and Dou's colleagues largely, wanting to ingratiate the chancellors, wanted to exempt Deng. Dou, however, stood firm and wanted to collect Deng's assets, and he was able to prevail. The next year, he became "Jiancha Yushi" (監察御史), an imperial censor. At that time, Ma Yi (馬彝), the secretary to the governor of Hunan Circuit (湖南, headquartered in modern Changsha, Hunan), was falsely accused of crimes, because he had punished a subordinate for receiving bribes and in turn was accused by that subordinate's son. Dou was sent to judge Ma, and he was able to tell that Ma was innocent.
Dou later was promoted in his censor rank to "Dianzhong Shi Yushi" (殿中侍御史). He then successively served as Jinbu Yuanwailang (金部員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of census (戶部, "Hubu"); "Xingbu Langzhong" (刑部郎中), a supervisorial low-level official at the ministry of justice (刑部, "Xingbu"); and "Shiyushi" (侍御史), a higher level censor. He was yet later promoted to be "Yushi Zhongcheng" (御史中丞), the deputy chief imperial censor. He was said to be stern in his rulings and unafraid of powerful men. As a result, he gained favor from Emperor Dezong and was often summoned to give Emperor Dezong advice. He often disagreed with the chancellors' suggestions, and the chancellors tried to find fault in him, but could find nothing to damage him with. However, it was also said that, by this point, he was letting his own desires interfere with his enforcement of law. For example, when he was involved in setting salaries for the officials, he set the salary for the "Yushi Sizhi" higher than that of "Yushi Cheng" (御史丞, secretaries general), who were of the same rank, because he had been "Sizhi" before. Further, when he was setting regulations on the order of precedence the officials should have when meeting the emperor, he disliked Li Bian (李昪), a staff member of the crown prince Li Song with the title of "Taizi Zhanshi" (太子詹事), and therefore had "Taizi Zhanshi" listed after the deputy mayors of the special municipalities — even though "Taizi Zhanshi" carried a higher rank and traditionally was more honored. For this, he began to receive criticism.
Dou soon took on the additional office of deputy minister of census (戶部侍郎, "Hubu Shilang"). There was an occasion when a Chang'an farmer had a pig that had two heads. His subordinates believed that this to be a sign of fortune and wanted to report it to the emperor. Dou responded, "This is one monstrous pig. How can it be reported to the emperor?" He ordered that the pig be abandoned. In another incident, Chen Shaoyou's son Chen Zhengyi (陳正儀), after Chen Shaoyou's death, requested to be allowed to inherit Chen Shaoyou's title. Dou publicly wrote a statement and posted it on the front door of the executive bureau of government (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng"):
Chen Zhengyi, in fear, left without further requesting to inherit the title. Around this time, the generals Meng Hua (孟華) and Li Jianyu (李建玉) were both falsely accused of crimes and set to be sentenced to death, and they could not show their innocence. Dou, however, was able to discern their innocence and obtain their releases. As a result, the popular sentiment at the time had great expectations for Dou.
Chancellorship.
Meanwhile, though, Dou Shen drew the attention of the chancellor Li Mi, and Li repeatedly recommended both him and Dong Jin, believing that Dou was capable in financial matters and Dong was morally upright. Emperor Dezong initially did not agree with Li's assessment, but in 789, with Li being seriously ill, he again recommended Dou and Dong, and Emperor Dezong finally agreed. He made Dou "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng") as well as the director of financial affairs. He also gave both Dou and Dong the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making them chancellors "de facto". Li died shortly after, and it was said that while both Dou and Dong were chancellors, Dou had greater grasp of power and put many of his associates in powerful positions. He often met Emperor Dezong alone, under the guise of discussing financial matters. It was said that generals and regional warlords all feared him, and in particular, Li Na the military governor of Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong), sent him gifts, ostensibly to honor him, but instead intending to discredit him. Emperor Dezong's close associates also disliked Dou and often defamed him.
In fall 791, Dou, as he disliked Emperor Dezong's trusted advisor, the imperial scholar Lu Zhi, had Lu made the deputy minister of defense (兵部侍郎, "Bingbu Shilang") — ostensibly a promotion, but instead a way to cause distance between Emperor Dezong and Lu. Meanwhile, Dou also disliked Wu Cou (吳湊) the governor of Fujian Circuit (福建, headquartered in modern Fuzhou, Fujian) — a maternal uncle of Emperor Dezong's father Emperor Daizong. Even though Wu had good reputation as the governor of Fujian, Dou reported to Emperor Dezong that Wu had been stricken by arthritis and rendered immobile. Emperor Dezong recalled Wu to Chang'an and had Wu walk before him. He saw that Wu was not immobile, and thereafter began to dislike Dou for his false reporting. He made Wu the governor Shanguo Circuit (陝虢, headquartered in modern Sanmenxia, Henan) to displace Dou's associate Li Yi (李翼).
Meanwhile, Emperor Dezong's original choice for the director of finances, Ban Hong (班宏), who was made Dou's deputy, had been promised by Dou that he would become director after Dou had served for one year, but after one year, Dou continued to hold onto the position with no intent to yield it, drawing Ban's anger. Only after Dou became aware of Emperor Dezong's displeasure with him did he yield the post to Ban, in spring 792. Dou, however, chose Ban's deputy, Zhang Pang (張滂) to divide Ban's power.
Meanwhile, Dou's nephew Dou Shen (竇申), an imperial attendant, was very close to Dou Shen, and Dou Shen often discussed with him personnel movements before they were announced. Dou Shen thus often used this information to extract bribes from others by informing the subjects of promotions in advance — such that he gained the nickname of "Magpie" (because the Chinese believed that magpies were foretellers of good fortune). Even Emperor Dezong heard of Dou Shen's reputation and suggested Dou Shen to send Dou Shen out of the capital, but Dou Shen guaranteed to Emperor Dezong that Dou Shen would not cause trouble. Dou Shen closely associated with his maternal uncle Li Zezhi (李則之) the Prince of Guo and the imperial scholar Wu Tongxuan (吳通玄), and all of them resented Lu Zhi. They therefore manufactured documents defaming Lu, to try to stop Emperor Dezong from trusting Lu. However, Emperor Dezong found out, and in summer 792 demoted Dou Shen, Li Zezhi, and Wu Tongxuan out of the capital, and soon ordered Wu to commit suicide. Soon thereafter, Emperor Dezong demoted Dou Shen to be the secretary general of Chen Prefecture (郴州, in modern Chenzhou, Hunan). Lu Zhi and Zhao Jing were named chancellors.
After chancellorship and death.
In 792, the former chancellor Jiang Gongfu, a former colleague of Lu Zhi's as an imperial scholar, met Lu to request his help in obtaining a promotion. Lu secretly responded:
In fear, Jiang offered to resign and asked to become a Taoist monk. When Emperor Dezong inquired as to the reason and found out that he was fearful, he did not dare to state that Lu had told him this information, and instead claimed that Dou told him the information. Angry that his words had been leaked, Emperor Dezong demoted Jiang to be the secretary general of Quan Prefecture (泉州, in modern Quanzhou, Fujian), and sent imperial eunuch messengers to Dou, in exile, to rebuke him.
Meanwhile, Dou Shen's superior, Li Sun (李巽) the governor of Hunan Circuit had been demoted when Dou was chancellor. In 793, Li submitted a report about how Dou had received a gift in silk from Liu Shining (劉士寧) the military governor of Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan) and accused Dou of improper association with governors. Emperor Dezong wanted to execute Dou; Lu Zhi opposed on the grounds that this offense was not a death offense. Emperor Dezong therefore demoted Dou to be the military advisor to the prefect of the distant Huan Prefecture (驩州, in modern Nghe An Province, Vietnam). His son Dou Jingbo (竇景伯) was exiled to Quan Prefecture (泉州, in modern Quanzhou, Fujian), while his daughter Dou Zhenru (竇真如), who was a Buddhist nun, was made a servant at Chen Prefecture. His assets were seized. However, Emperor Dezong's eunuchs deeply hated Dou and continued to attack him. Eventually, even as Dou was on the way to Huan Prefecture, Emperor Dezong issued an edict ordering him to commit suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="20304719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304719" title="Sho Uchida">
Sho Uchida

Major achievements.
2005 World Championships 
2008 Beijing Olympics
2009 World Championships
Personal bests.
In long course

</doc>
<doc id="20304721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304721" title="West Craven High School">
West Craven High School

West Craven High School is a secondary school located in Vanceboro, North Carolina. Established in 1971, the school serves approximately 1100 students in grades 9-12.
History.
The school was opened in 1971, with the first graduating class graduating in the spring of 1976.
Extracurricular activities.
West Craven's athletic teams, known as the Eagles, compete in NCHSAA size classification 3A and in the Coastal Conference. Teams are fielded in baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, football, golf, soccer, softball, tennis, volleyball, and wrestling. 
The Eagles have developed a longtime rivalry with New Bern High School, a 4-A high school located just 12 miles away from WCHS. The Eagles biggest rival, however, would be their in conference and cross county foe the Havelock Rams.
The Eagles play their home football games in the on-campus stadium named for longtime head coach Clay Jordan. Clay Jordan Stadium was named so in 2008, Jordan's final season with the Eagles. The basketball court was also named after an important coach of the Eagles basketball team. In 2010, the gymnasium's court was named Lorenzo Jones Court, after the winningest men's basketball coach in WCHS history. The Baseball field is also named for an influential figure in WCHS sports, Don Hughes. Don Hughes played football at East Carolina University and returned to West Craven to teach physical education while helping coach football and baseball. His most influential work for the Eagles, however, came as principal of the school.

</doc>
<doc id="20304726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304726" title="Remote Touch">
Remote Touch

Remote Touch is a vehicle interface system present in some Lexus cars for use in conjunction with in-car information, configuration, and entertainment systems. The Remote Touch controller, which is similar to a computer mouse or joystick, allows the driver to operate an on-screen cursor on the vehicle's GPS navigation system screen.
Remote Touch utilizes haptic feedback, where the controller provides reaction force, and force feedback, where the on-screen cursor can move to nearby buttons automatically. System functions can be configured by the driver.
Remote Touch was first introduced on the 2010 Lexus RX 350 and Lexus RX 450h models, followed by the 2010 Lexus HS 250h.
Background.
Prior to the advent of Remote Touch, Lexus interiors were typically equipped with touchscreen interfaces. Although this system was regarded by many reviewers as easier to use than conventional rotary knob controllers, the need to place the touchscreen within easy reach limited design possibilities for the interior (by forcing placement of the screen in the center dash and in close proximity to the steering wheel). The enhanced technology trend in the automotive industry also resulted in a plethora of ever-increasing buttons and switches on many luxury vehicles.
In response, several luxury brands had switched to rotary knob control devices, with the aim to simplify cabin layout and consolidate multiple controls with a single device. The BMW iDrive, Audi MMI, and Mercedes-Benz Comand APS interfaces operated using a circular center knob which can be rotated side to side, and pressed to select items, with the rotary knob scrolling through on-screen menus. Of these systems, some reviewers praised their ability to simplify the dash layout, while others levied criticism for reputed complexity and user difficulty, particularly with iDrive.
In the mid 2000s, Lexus began developing an alternative to the touchscreen interface, in light of the latter's restrictions on interior styling and instrument panel configuration. Prototype development and consumer testing was conducted to develop a new control device. Consumer research conducted with Lexus supplier Denso corporation indicated that the prototype control system required no more mental or physical effort than a touchscreen, plus offered interior layouts with more screen visibility, was physically more comfortable to operate, and easier to use while in motion.
Design.
Unveiled by Lexus at the 2008 Los Angeles Auto Show in November of that year, Remote Touch became Lexus' entry into the realm of non-touchscreen human-machine interfaces. Introduced on the third generation Lexus RX, the Remote Touch system differs from previous interfaces in being the first to use a computer mouse (or trackball)-based concept, instead of the rotary knob model. The system allows the operator to freely move the on-screen cursor across any part of the screen. The cursor replaces the role of the driver's hand on the previous touchscreen interface.
Remote Touch is also the first vehicle interface to incorporate user-adjustable haptic feedback, and utilize movement in two spatial axes. The incorporation of haptic feedback, similar to the Wii Remote, enables the driver to feel the placement of buttons and icons on the screen by touch. The use of force feedback enables the cursor to 'snap-to' buttons, making it easier to select buttons without precise movement. To ease drivers' transition to Remote Touch, the same on-screen layout and menus as the prior touchscreen-based system are used on models equipped with the new control system.
The Remote Touch controller, which (including the directional input, buttons, and palmrest) measures in width x in length, and is tall, is placed at the base of the center console. Two large buttons (Enter) on both sides of the controller at thumb level are used to select icons, along with three secondary buttons (Map, Scroll, and Display). With the replacement of the touchscreen, the navigation screen is now recessed and placed closer to eye level on the dashboard. Remote Touch has two motors and an encoder, with the motors programmed to reset the controller to a neutral position when the navigation system is activated.
The introduction of Remote Touch on the 2010 Lexus RX was generally well received by reviewers, and the system was described as easier to use than rivals by Autoblog, "Car and Driver", Cars.com, CNET, "Consumer Guide", Edmunds.com, "Motor Trend", "PC Magazine", "Road & Track", and "Winding Road", with "Motor Trend" predicting that competitors would adopt its design. However, the system remained a controversial interface for some drivers who found it difficult to use, as compared to the previous, Lexus-standard touchscreen. Remote Touch won "Popular Mechanics" Technical Innovation Award, and was named "Popular Science"'s "Best of What's New" in Auto Tech for 2009.
Functions.
The Remote Touch system can be used to control a host of vehicle functions, as listed below. Multiple functions can also be accessed via voice commands and for basic or commonly used items, such as stereo and climate control, via dedicated buttons.
Vehicles.
Lexus models that have adopted the Remote Touch interface to date, listed by model year:
The 2010 RX Remote Touch system operates in conjunction with a forward dash-mounted display, along with organic light-emitting diode (OLED) instrument cluster and optional white LED heads-up display (HUD), while the 2010 HS Remote Touch system uses a pop-up navigation screen along with the OLED display and optional HUD.
As of 2009, the Lexus LS, GS, IS, ES sedans, SC and IS coupes, and the LX and GX sport utility vehicles use a touchscreen interface system, which in new models includes the same menu interface and layout as the Remote Touch-equipped models.

</doc>
<doc id="20304779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304779" title="Han Qide">
Han Qide

Han Qide (; born July 1945), is a Chinese politician and medical scientist.
Han is currently the Chairman of the Jiusan Society, the President of the Chinese Society for Science and Technology, and the Vice-president of the National People's Congress of P.R.China.
Biography.
Han was born in Cixi City, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province in July 1945. 1962-1968, Han studied medicine at the First Medical College of Shanghai (later known as Shanghai Medical University; in 2002, it was merged into Fudan University and became its medical school).
Han then worked as a medical staff and clinic physician in many hospitals in Shaanxi Province from 1968 to 1979. Han did his postgraduate study at the Xi'an Medical College (later merged into Xi'an Jiao Tong University and became its medical school). After graduation, Han taught at Beijing Medical College (later merged into Peking University and became its medical college) as a lecturer.
Han served as the last President of Beijing Medical University. When Beijing Medical University was merged into Peking University, Han was transferred into Peking University, and became the head of the Peking University's medical school (PKU Health Science Center), and the Executive Vice-president of the Peking University. He is currently President of the PKU Health Science Centre and Chairperson of the Board.
Han was elected as a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20304806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304806" title="Thomas M. Wagner">
Thomas M. Wagner

Thomas M. Wagner (born ca. 1824, d. July 17, 1862) was a Lieutenant Colonel in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War. He was killed when a cannon exploded during an inspection at Fort Moultrie. The main fortification on Morris Island was subsequently named for him and was the site of the First and Second Battle of Fort Wagner.
Before the war, he was a South Carolina state senator and an executive of the Charleston and Savannah Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="20304811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304811" title="Fritz Baumgarten (illustrator)">
Fritz Baumgarten (illustrator)

Fritz Baumgarten (1883 – 1966) was a German illustrator.
He illustrated countless children's books in light pen works, coloured richly and very painterly with watercolours. His style was very modern, loose and impressionistic, but still with strong roots in life-drawing, animals drawing and academic composition.
His fantasy world was populated with temperate forests' animals, elves and fairies, farm animals, children and teddy bears.
His whole work has a definite feeling of possible, of real, of lived through scenes, almost down to earth, while at the same time being totally free-floating in imagination, almost psychedelic.

</doc>
<doc id="20304836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304836" title="Political positions of George W. Bush">
Political positions of George W. Bush

George W. Bush's political positions have been expressed in public statements, and through his actions as President of the United States.
Economic policy.
Fiscal policy and taxation.
George Bush supports enacting generous tax cuts in the model of Ronald Reagan's supply-side fiscal policies. He believes this helps the economy at large.
Energy policy.
George Bush supports nuclear power and expanded domestic drilling. Bush pledged to work toward reduced reliance on foreign oil by reducing fossil fuel consumption and increasing alternative fuel production. He lifted a ban on offshore drilling in 2008, and said at the time, "This means that the only thing standing between the American people and these vast oil reserves is action from the U.S. Congress." Bush had said in June 2008, "In the long run, the solution is to reduce demand for oil by promoting alternative energy technologies. My administration has worked with Congress to invest in gas-saving technologies like advanced batteries and hydrogen fuel cells... In the short run, the American economy will continue to rely largely on oil. And that means we need to increase supply, especially here at home. So my administration has repeatedly called on Congress to expand domestic oil production."
In 2008, Bush announced that the United States would commit $2 billion towards an international fund to promote clean energy technologies, saying, "along with contributions from other countries, this fund will increase and accelerate the deployment of all forms of cleaner, more efficient technologies in developing nations like India and China, and help leverage substantial private-sector capital by making clean energy projects more financially attractive."
Entitlement Reform.
Bush supports the privatization of Social Security by allowing individuals to set up personal retirement accounts. He also supported the expansion of Medicare to cover prescription drugs using private insurance through his Medicare Part D program.
Free-market capitalism.
Bush generally supports free-market capitalism, but claims to understand the importance of government involvements in private financial affairs if they are projected to have a negative impact on the economy as a whole. In November 2008, Bush claimed, "Our aim should not be more government. It should be smarter government."
During the beginning of his first term, Bush enacted corporate tax cuts in the hopes that the economy would flourish as a result. Later, in 2008, Bush supported major bailout plans for mortgage lenders and auto makers who were facing bankruptcy. Bush also enacted the first major economic stimulus in the face of an economy on the down-turn, which handed free checks to all private tax-paying citizens.
Trade.
Bush is a supporter of free trade, calling on nations to embrace free trade.
Health care.
Bush supports a free-market health care system, and opposes a universal health plan.
In 2004, Bush planned a health care program that he said would cover as many as 10 million people who lack health insurance at a cost of $102 billion over the next decade.
Foreign policy.
Iraq War.
On March 19, 2003, Bush ordered an invasion of Iraq, launching the Iraq War. That night, he addressed the nation, stating that he decided to invade Iraq "to disarm Iraq, to free its people and to defend the world from grave danger".
The United States and its allies charged that
Saddam Hussein's government possessed weapons of mass destruction (WMD), and thus posed a serious and imminent threat to the security of the United States and its coalition allies. This assessment was supported by the U.K. intelligence services, but not by other countries such as France, Russia and Germany.
Iran.
Bush had declared Iran part of the "axis of evil" for its alleged support of terrorism.
Homeland security.
After the attacks on the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001, President Bush founded the Cabinet Department of Homeland Security. He initially opposed it, saying that it was unnecessary because its concerns were already the province of other agencies; then changed his mind in June 2002 to approve of the proposal, with its official creation delayed until November 2002 due to disagreements over whether or not employees of the department should have the usual labor protections. 
Civil liberties.
Anti-terrorism and domestic surveillance.
Bush is a supporter of anti-terrorist surveillance and information-gathering methods (see U.S. PATRIOT Act).
Habeas Corpus.
The November 13, 2001, Presidential Military Order gave the President of the United States the power to detain suspects, suspected of connection to terrorists or terrorism as an unlawful combatant. As such, it was asserted that a person could be held indefinitely without charges being filed against him or her, without a court hearing, and without entitlement to a legal consultant. Many legal and constitutional scholars contended that these provisions were in direct opposition to habeas corpus and the United States Bill of Rights.
Flag burning.
Bush supports a constitutional amendment banning flag burning.
Gun control.
While Bush has supported regulated gun control, he generally supports guns; in June 1999 he said he opposed requiring child-safety locks on guns; and supported concealed carrying permits.
Social policy.
Education: No Child Left Behind.
No Child Left Behind was proposed by President George W. Bush on January 23, 2001, just three days after his inaugural. It was coauthored by Representatives John Boehner (R-OH), George Miller (D-CA), and Senators Edward Kennedy (D-MA) and Judd Gregg (R-NH). The United States House of Representatives passed the bill on May 23, 2001 (voting 384–45),and the United States Senate passed it on June 14, 2001 (voting 91–8).[7 President Bush signed it into law on January 8, 2002. 
Abortion.
Bush has a strong pro-life stance, consistently opposing abortion while supporting parental notification for minor girls who want abortions, the Mexico City Policy, a ban on intact dilation and extraction (commonly known as partial-birth abortion), adoption tax credits, and the Unborn Victims of Violence Act.
Death Penalty.
Bush supports the death penalty. As governor of Texas he allowed 152 executions. Bush commuted the sentence of one prisoner on death row, Henry Lee Lucas, on June 15, 1998.
Environment.
Bush opposed the Kyoto Protocol, saying that the treaty neglected and exempted 80 percent of the world's population and would have cost tens of billions of dollars per year. Bush announced the Clear Skies Act of 2003, aimed at amending the Clean Air Act to reduce air pollution through the use of emissions trading programs. The initiative was introduced to Congress, but failed to make it out of committee.
Bush has said that global warming is real and has noted that it is a serious problem, but he asserts there is a "debate over whether it's manmade or naturally caused". He announced plans to reaffirm the United States' commitment to work with major economies, and, through the United Nations, to complete an international agreement that will slow, stop, and eventually reverse the growth of greenhouse gases; he stated, "this agreement will be effective only if it includes commitments by every major economy and gives none a free ride."
LGBT issues.
Bush opposes same-sex marriage. During his 2004 reelection campaign, he called for an amendment to the U.S. Constitution that would ban same-sex marriage in the United States but allow for the possibility of civil unions on the state level. He also stated in the famous Wead tapes that he would not "kick gays" and worried his refusal to do so might upset his evangelical supporters, and that "I think it is bad for Republicans to be kicking gays."
Prayer in public schools.
Bush supported "voluntary, student-led prayer" but not "teacher-led prayers."
Stem cell research.
Bush opposes federal funding for embryonic forms of stem cell research.

</doc>
<doc id="20304914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304914" title="Clarence Williams (running back, born 1975)">
Clarence Williams (running back, born 1975)

Clarence "Pooh Bear" Williams (born January 20, 1975) is a retired American football running back who played in college for the Florida State Seminoles football team and professionally in the National Football League for the Buffalo Bills. He attended Crescent City High School, where he now coaches.

</doc>
<doc id="20304934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304934" title="Jirgalang">
Jirgalang

Jirgalang or Jirhalang (Manchu: 1599 - June 11, 1655) was a Manchu noble, regent, and political and military leader of the early Qing Dynasty. Born of the Manchu Aisin Gioro clan, he was the sixth son of Šurhaci, a younger brother of the Qing Dynasty's founder Nurhaci. From 1638 to 1643, he took part in many military campaigns that helped bring down the fall of the Ming Dynasty. After the death of Hong Taiji (Nurhaci's successor) in September 1643, Jirgalang became one of the young Shunzhi Emperor's two co-regents, but he soon yielded most political power to co-regent Dorgon in October 1644. Dorgon eventually purged him of his regent title in 1647. After Dorgon died in 1650, Jirgalang led an effort to clean the government of Dorgon's supporters. Jirgalang was one of ten "Princes of the First Rank" (和碩親王) whose descendants were made "Iron-cap Princes" (鐵帽子王), who had the right to transmit their princely titles to their direct male descendants perpetually.
Career before 1643.
In 1627, Jirgalang took part in the first Manchu campaign against Korea under the command of his older brother Amin. In 1630, when Amin was stripped of his titles for having failed to fight an army of the Ming Dynasty, Hong Taiji gave Jirgalang control of the Bordered Blue Banner, which had been under Amin's command. As one of "four senior beile" (the other three were Daišan, Manggūltai, and Hung Taiji himself), Jirgalang participated in many military campaigns against the Ming Dynasty and the Chahar Mongols. In 1636 he was granted the title of "Prince Zheng of the First Rank" (和碩鄭親王), with rights of perpetual inheritance. In 1642, Jirgalang led the siege of Jinzhou, an important Ming city in Liaodong that surrendered to Qing forces in April of that year after more than one year of resistance.
Co-regency (1643-1647) and disgrace (1647-1650).
While Dorgon was staying in Mukden, in November or December 1643 Jirgalang was sent to attack Shanhai Pass, a fortified Ming position that guarded access to the plain around Beijing. In January or February 1644, Jirgalang requested that his name be placed after Dorgon's in all official communications. On February 17, 1644, Jirgalang, who was a capable military leader but looked uninterested in managing state affairs, willingly yielded control of all official matters to Dorgon. He was not present when Qing forces entered Beijing in early June 1644. In 1647 he was removed from his post of regent and replaced by Dorgon's brother Dodo. Despite his removal, Jirgalang continued to serve as a military leader. In March 1648, Dorgon ordered the arrest of Jirgalang on various charges and had Jirgalang degraded from a Prince of the First Rank (親王) to a Prince of the Second Rank (郡王). Later in the same year, however, Jirgalang was sent to southern China to fight troops loyal to the Southern Ming Dynasty. In early 1649, after one of his military victories, he ordered a six-day massacre of the inhabitants of the city of Xiangtan in present-day Hunan. He returned victorious to Beijing in 1650 after having defeated the forces of the Yongli Emperor, the last ruler of the Southern Ming regime.
The "Jirgalang faction" (1651-1655).
The group led by Jirgalang that historian Robert Oxnam has called the "Jirgalang faction" was composed of Manchu princes and nobles who had opposed Dorgon and who returned to power after the latter died on December 31, 1650. Concerned that Dorgon's brother Ajige may try to succeed Dorgon, Jirgalang and his group arrested Ajige in early 1651. Jirgalang remained a powerful figure at the Qing imperial court until his death in 1655. The four future regents of the Kangxi Emperor - Oboi, Ebilun, Sonin, and Suksaha - were among his supporters.
Death and posterity.
Soon after Jirgalang died of illness on June 11, 1655, his second son Jidu (; 1633–1660) inherited his princely title, but the name of the princehood was changed from "Zheng" (鄭) to "Jian" (簡). The title "Prince Zheng" was re-established in 1778 when the Qianlong Emperor praised Jirgalang for his role in the Qing defeat of Ming and granted Jirgalang a place in the Imperial Ancestral Temple.
Jirgalang's second son Jidu and Jidu's second son Labu (; d. 1681) participated in military campaigns in the second half of the Shunzhi Emperor's reign and the early reign of the Kangxi Emperor, notably against Koxinga and Wu Sangui.
Jirgalang's 13th generation descendants Duanhua (Prince Zheng) and Sushun (Duanhua's younger brother) were politically active during the reign of the Xianfeng Emperor (r. 1851-1861). They were appointed as two of eight regents for the infant Tongzhi Emperor (r. 1862-1874), but were quickly overthrown in 1861 in the Xinyou Coup that brought Empress Dowager Cixi and the young emperor's uncle Prince Gong to power.

</doc>
<doc id="20304959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304959" title="2K Play">
2K Play

2K Play is an American video game publisher that primarily publishes family and budget-priced titles. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of 2K Games and Take-Two Interactive. It encompasses the former Global Star Software label that was founded in 1992 by Ari Firestone and later sold to Take-Two Interactive.

</doc>
<doc id="20304964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304964" title="Clarence Williams (tight end)">
Clarence Williams (tight end)

Clarence Williams III (born August 7, 1969 in Los Angeles, California) is a retired professional American football tight end and running back who played in the National Football League for the Cleveland Browns. His father was Washington State All-American and Los Angeles Rams standout Clarence "Clancy" Williams. Like his father, Clarence III also played college football for the Washington State Cougars football. He was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the 7th round (169th overall) of the 1993 NFL Draft.
Williams has also played for the Frankfurt Galaxy. In 2013 he was voted the greatest tight end in Washington State University history by the editors of Cougfan.com. Williams concluded his WSU career with the tight ends record for catches (95) and yards (1,263). He was named first-team all-Pac-10 three straight seasons, 1990-92. 

</doc>
<doc id="20304978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304978" title="Don Cash">
Don Cash

Rap artist/record producer Don Cash was born April 6, 1978, in Brampton, Ontario, Canada, a suburb northwest of Toronto.
In 2001, after several years working as a teenage pop journalist in Toronto, Cash decided to focus on writing and producing songs at home on his computer, releasing at least ten known full-length CD-R albums in downtown Toronto and New York City. Though distribution was unofficial and limited, news of the works by the young artist spread. By 2004, Cash had been featured in The Fader magazine and had gained many high-profile friends and admirers in the avant-garde pop music scene including James Murphy from LCD Soundsystem and DFA Records.
Precise descriptions of Don Cash's music have long confounded critics and observers. Most of his songs draw on varying elements commonly associated with, but not limited to, hip-hop, rock and electro. In 2004, "The Fader's", Knox Robinson, christened Cash's sound "afroclash," a play on the "electroclash" trend sweeping the New York underground. Cash himself claimed in several 2007 interviews, that his music was simply rock & roll, though he allowed that it could be dubbed "new wave rap" if one were desperate to find a correct classification for his musical style.
In 2006, Cash released the album "On The Bus" on his Stereoeagle label. The debut work, which contained the club hits "Star Dust" and "Don't Crash", caught the attention of Berlin label boss and dj/producer Headman, who signed Cash to his indie electro imprint, Relish
Cash released the album "II" in 2007, via Relish and had success with "Disco Wreck" and "Hey There", while being remixed by Zongamin and Street Life DJs. The album was a hit with critics and audiences alike, garnering raves in "The Sunday Times", i-D magazine and NME.
Don Cash spent 2008 touring in Europe, while writing and recording some 40 or 50 new songs. "Freshy Fresh", Cash's third full length effort, was released in May 2010 on URBNET Records in partnership with Stereoeagle.
In November 2010, Don Cash quickly followed up "Freshy Fresh" by releasing "Unbreakable" on stereoeagle/URBNET. Containing 15 new songs written and produced by the artist, "Unbreakable" is Cash's first all rap LP in almost ten years.

</doc>
<doc id="20304998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20304998" title="Neil Barofsky">
Neil Barofsky

Neil M. Barofsky (born 1970) is a partner in the Litigation Department of national law firm Jenner & Block LLP; focuses his practice on white collar investigations, complex commercial litigation, monitorships and examinerships. Immediately before joining Jenner & Block, Mr. Barofsky was Senior Fellow at New York University School of Law’s Center on the Administration of Criminal Law, an adjunct professor at the law school and affiliated with the Mitchell Jacobson Leadership Program on Law and Business. He was SIGTARP, the Special United States Treasury Department Inspector General overseeing the Troubled Assets Relief Program (TARP), from late 2008 until his resignation at the end of March 2011, previous to which he was Assistant United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York from 2000 to 2008.
Education.
Barofsky completed his undergraduate studies at the University of Pennsylvania, earning a bachelors degree in economics from Wharton School of Business. He graduated with honors from New York University School of Law in 1995.
Troubled Asset Relief Program and Special Inspector Generalship.
Barofsky, " life-long Democrat who donated money to the Obama campaign," was nominated for the job of overseeing the TARP by President George W. Bush on November 14, 2008 and was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 8, 2008, after confirmation was delayed by Senator Jim Bunning.
Until he was confirmed, the role was handled internally by the Treasury Department's inspector general, Eric Thorson, who has expressed concerns about the difficulty of properly overseeing the complex program in addition to his regular responsibilities.
As Inspector General, Barofsky was "one of the most impressive and courageous political officials in Washington" for his willingness to "stand up to some of the most powerful people and institutions in Washington or on Wall Street." He "vigilantly fought for his independence as TARP watchdog and has been relentless in his criticism of Treasury officials and especially Tim Geithner." The TARP program money was used to invest in and in some cases rescue a number of banks, the automakers GM and Chrysler, the insurance company AIG as well as a number of housing companies. The role of chief watchdog of the government’s $700 billion TARP program was to root out and prosecute waste, fraud and abuse. Under Barofsky the office published 9 quarterly results and 13 audits.
On February 14, 2011 Barofsky sent a letter to President Obama stating that he would resign his post on March 30, 2011, to spend more time with his family. At the time of his resignation his office had more than 140 investigations underway and his office has charged a few dozen people with civil or criminal fraud, resulting in 14 convictions for fraud, more than $550 million in fraud losses avoided, and $150 million in fraudulent earnings recovered for taxpayers. "Treasury official, who spoke on condition of anonymity in order to speak more candidly, was quoted as saying '[He's been consistently wrong about a lot of big things." Commentator Glenn Greenwald noted the unnamed official had made the assertion about Barofsky "without identifying a single alleged error," and attacked the "utter cowardice and lack of professionalism needed to produce this passage" on the part of both the newspaper and the official.

</doc>
<doc id="20305008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305008" title="Antelope High School">
Antelope High School

Antelope High School is one the of the five high schools in the Roseville Joint Union High School District. This school is located at 7801 Titan Drive, in Antelope, California, United States. Antelope High School opened up for 9th and 10th grade students at the beginning of the 2008-2009 school year. From the year of 2010- all grade levels were embarked. Class of 2011 Antelope students had attended Oakmont High School or Center High School. Class of 2011 is the first graduating class.
The "Titan Times".
The "Titan Times", the school's newspaper, was awarded a Silver Crown award by the Columbia Scholastic Press Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20305018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305018" title="Edson Joseph Chamberlin">
Edson Joseph Chamberlin

Edson Joseph Chamberlin (August 25, 1852 – August 27, 1924) was the president of the Grand Trunk Railway from 1912 to 1917.
Biography.
He was born in Lancaster, New Hampshire on August 25, 1852. He attended Montpelier Methodist Seminary, and in 1871 started work with the New England Railroad. In 1886 he became the general manager of the Canada Atlantic Railway, and in 1909 he was the general manager and then the vice president of the Grand Trunk Railway. In 1912 he became the president of the Grand Trunk Railway when Charles Melville Hays lost his life on the RMS Titanic.
He remained president until he retired in 1917. He died at Pasadena, California on August 27, 1924.
The town of Edson, Alberta was named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20305027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305027" title="Ariyanatha Mudaliar">
Ariyanatha Mudaliar

Ariyanatha Mudaliar was the Vellala "Delavoy" ("General") and the able Chief Minister of the greatest of the Nayaka domains established by the Vijayanagar "viceroy" and later ruler of Madurai, Viswanatha Nayak (1529–64). He is renowned as the founder of the quasi-feudal organization of regions called poligar or the "palayakkarar" system where the regions are divided into "palayams" (small principalities) and are independently governed by poligars or "palayakkarars" (petty chiefs).
He organized the Pandyan kingdom into 72 "palayams" and ruled over the 72 dry-zone poligars chiefs for over fifty years. Ariyanatha Mudaliar was not only the pre-colonial military man but also enjoyed a cult status in southern Tamil Nadu and became a tutelary patron figure amongst some of the region's cattle-keeping predator groups. The feudal chiefs of southern Tamil Nadu continue to be specially attached to his memory to this very day.
The Aiyaram Kaal Mandapam, or Thousand Pillared Hall, in the famous Meenakshi Temple was constructed by him in 1569. At the entrance of the Mandapam, we can still see his statue; the majestic pose of Ariyanatha Mudaliar seated on a beautiful horse-back. His great grand childrens are still around.
Early life.
Ariyanatha Mudaliar was born in a Vellala family in Meippedu village, Tondaimandalam(the present day Kanchipuram district). He learned Tamil and Mathematics from a teacher for free and in his spare time mastered the ancient Tamil martial art of Silambam and others like sword fight and wrestling. At the age of 16, he was encouraged to go the court of Krishnadevaraya, the king of Vijayanagara. Ariyanatha soon rose to prominence and became the chief accountant of the Vijayanagara empire.
During the process of consolidation, Krishnadevaraya dispatched one of his most successful generals, Nagama Nayaka, on a campaign to punish Virasekhara Chola who had plundered the petty Pandyan regions. The Pandyas were under the protection of the Vijayanagara empire. Having put down Virasekhara, the general Nagama Nayak claimed Madurai for himself. Viswanatha Nayak, the son of Nagama Nayak was more loyal to the king Krishnadevaraya than to his father. He overthrew his father and handed him over to Krishnadevaraya and as a reward for his loyalty the king appointed Viswanatha Nayaka as the governor of Madurai and other provinces in the neighboring Tamil country. 
Ariyanatha Mudaliar who led Viswantha Nayak's army became second in command and took power along with the latter in Tirunelveli in southern India. Viswantha Nayak was then succeeded by his son Krishnappa Nayak who along with his father's able minister Ariyanatha expanded the Madurai Kingdom under the Nayaks and brought most of the ancient Pandyan territory under its rule.
Palayams or Poligar System.
Ariyanatha Mudaliar founded the "palayam" or poligar system which was widely used to govern the Nayak kingdom during the late 16th centuries. The system was a quasi-fedual organization of the country, which was divided into multiple "palayams" or small provinces and each palayam was ruled by a "palayakkarar" or a petty chief. The Madurai Nayak kingdom was accordingly divided into 72 palayams and Ariyanatha ruled over them for over 50 years along with Viswanatha and then with his son Krishnappa Nayak.
Epigraphs.
According to an inscription from Kiranur, Madurai, we have a record of one Kalahastiyappa Mudaliar, described as Viswanatha Nayak's Prime Minister. He donated the village of Kondaranji Karanur as a free gift to the Brahmins. During the reign of Viswanatha Nayak's successor Chokkanatha Nayaka, we have one Chinnathambi Mudaliyar who is described as the "Vassal Pradhani", i.e., the "Prime Minister" or the "Gate keeper" to the Nayaka. He is described as the Dalavay or Pradhani for seven years. For example Rahm Emanuel, the former White House Chief of Staff, was also described as the "Gate keeper" to the Oval Office. Again, an inscription from the Sri Ranganathaswami temple we have one Muthuna Mudaliyar who is described as the "Vassal Pradhani" of Ramakrishnappa Nayaka.

</doc>
<doc id="20305066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305066" title="Compile Heart">
Compile Heart

Projects.
Compile Heart has announced a brand new RPG project called "Galapagos RPG", that aims to create new RPGs with a Japanese style, aimed towards Japanese gamers.
The first game from this project is a "Fantasy RPG" with a dark tone called "Fairy Fencer F", featuring Yoshitaka Amano as a concept artist, Nobuo Uematsu (with the Earthbound Papas) as composers, Tsunako as a character designer, Toshiki Inoue as a screenwriter and the "Neptunia Team" as the developer team. The game has an evolved version of Hyperdimension Neptunia battle system. "Fairy Fencer F" was released in Japan on September 19, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20305069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305069" title="Graphite oxide">
Graphite oxide

Graphite oxide, formerly called graphitic oxide or graphitic acid, is a compound of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen in variable ratios, obtained by treating graphite with strong oxidizers. The maximally oxidized bulk product is a yellow solid with C:O ratio between 2.1 and 2.9, that retains the layer structure of graphite but with a much larger and irregular spacing.
The bulk material disperses in basic solutions to yield monomolecular sheets, known as graphene oxide by analogy to graphene, the single-layer form of graphite. Graphene oxide sheets have been used to prepare a strong paper-like material, and have recently attracted substantial interest as a possible intermediate for the manufacture of graphene. However, this goal remained elusive until 2012 since graphene obtained by this route still has many chemical and structural defects.
History and preparation.
Graphite oxide was first prepared by Oxford chemist Benjamin C. Brodie in 1859, by treating graphite with a mixture of potassium chlorate and fuming nitric acid. In 1957 Hummers and Offeman developed a safer, quicker, and more efficient process, using a mixture of sulfuric acid H2SO4, sodium nitrate NaNO3, and potassium permanganate KMnO4, which is still widely used, often with some modifications. 
It should be noted that graphite oxides demonstrate considerable variations of properties depending on degree of oxidation and synthesis method. For example, temperature point of explosive exfoliation is generally higher for graphite oxide prepared by Brodie method compared to Hummers graphite oxide, the difference is up to 100 degrees with the same heating rates. Hydration and solvation properties of Brodie and Hummers graphite oxides are also remarkably different.
Recently a mixture of H2SO4 and KMnO4 has been used to cut open carbon nanotubes lengthwise, resulting in microscopic flat ribbons of graphene, a few atoms wide, with the edges "capped" by oxygen atoms (=O) or hydroxyl groups (-OH).
Graphite oxide has also been prepared by using a "bottom-up" synthesis method (Tang-Lau method) in which the sole source is glucose, the process is safer, more easy, and more environmentally friendly compared to traditionally “top-down” method, in which strong oxidizers must be involved. Another important advantage of Tang-Lau method is thickness controllable ranging from monolayer to multilayers by simply adjusting growth parameters.
Structure.
The structure and properties of graphite oxide depend on particular synthesis method and degree of oxidation. It typically preserves the layer structure of the parent graphite, but the layers are buckled and the interlayer spacing is about two times larger (~0.7 nm) than that of graphite. Strictly speaking "oxide" is an incorrect but historically established name. Besides oxygen epoxide groups (bridging oxygen atoms), other functional groups experimentally found are: carbonyl (=CO), hydroxyl (-OH), phenol, for graphite oxides prepared using sulphuric acid (e.g. Hummers method) also some impurity of sulphur is often found, for example in a form of organosulfate groups . There is evidence of "buckling" (deviation from planarity), folding and cracking of graphene oxide sheets upon deposition of the layers on a choice of substrate. The detailed structure is still not understood due to the strong disorder and irregular packing of the layers.
Graphene oxide layers are about 1.1 ± 0.2 nm thick. Scanning tunneling microscopy shows the presence of local regions where oxygen atoms are arranged in a rectangular pattern with lattice constant 0.27 nm × 0.41 nm The edges of each layer are terminated with carboxyl and carbonyl groups. X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy shows presence of several C1s peaks, their number and relative intensity depending on particular oxidation method used. Assignment of these peaks to certain carbon functionalization types is somewhat uncertain and still under debates. For example, one of interpretations goes as following: non-oxygenated ring contexts (284.8 eV), C-O (286.2 eV), C=O (287.8 eV) and O-C=O (289.0 eV). Another interpretation using density functional theory calculation goes as following: C=C with defects such as functional groups and pentagons (283.6 eV), C=C (non-oxygenated ring contexts) (284.3 eV), sp3C-H in the basal plane and C=C with functional groups (285.0 eV), C=O and C=C with functional groups, C-O (286.5 eV), and O-C=O (288.3 eV).
Graphite oxide is hydrophilic and easily hydrated exposed to water vapor or immersed in liquid water, resulting in a distinct increase of the inter-planar distance (up to 1.2 nm in saturated state). Additional water is also incorporated into interlayer space due to high pressure induced effects. Maximal hydration state of graphite oxide in liquid water corresponds to insertion of 2-3 water monolayers, cooling the graphite oxide/H2O samples results in "pseudo-negative thermal expansion" and below freezing point of water media results in de-insertion of one water monolayer and lattice contraction. Complete removal of water from the structure seems difficult since heating at 60–80 °C results in partial decomposition and degradation of the material. 
Similar to water, graphite oxide also easily incorporates other polar solvents, e.g. alcohols. However, intercalation of polar solvents occurs significantly different in Brodie and Hummers graphite oxides. Brodie graphite oxide is intercalated at ambient conditions with by one monolayer of alcohols and several other solvents (e.g. dimethylformamide and acetone) when liquid solvent is available in excess. Separation of graphite oxide layers is proportional to the size of alcohol molecule. Cooling of Brodie graphite oxide immersed in excess of liquid methanol, ethanol, acetone and dimethylformamide results in step-like insertion of additional solvent monolayer and lattice expansion. The phase transition detected by X-ray diffraction and DSC is reversible; de-insertion of solvent monolayer is observed when sample is heated back from low temperatures. Additional methanol and ethanol monolayer is reversibly inserted into the structure of Brodie graphite oxide also at high pressure conditions.
Hummers graphite oxide is intercalated with two methanol or ethanol monolayers already at ambient temperature. The interlayer distance of Hummers graphite oxide in excess of liquid alcohols increases gradually upon temperature decrease, reaching 19.4 and 20.6 Å at 140 K for methanol and ethanol, respectively. The gradual expansion of the Hummers graphite oxide lattice upon cooling corresponds to insertion of at least two additional solvent monolayers. 
Graphite oxide exfoliates and decomposes when rapidly heated at moderately high temperatures (~280–300 °C) with formation of finely dispersed amorphous carbon, somewhat similar to activated carbon.
Applications.
Graphene manufacture.
Graphite oxide has attracted much interest recently as a possible route for the large-scale production and manipulation of graphene, a material with extraordinary electronic properties. Graphite oxide itself is an insulator, almost a semiconductor, with differential conductivity between 1 and 5×10−3 S/cm at a bias voltage of 10 V. However, being hydrophilic, graphite oxide disperses readily in water, breaking up into macroscopic flakes, mostly one layer thick. Chemical reduction of these flakes would yield a suspension of graphene flakes. It was argued that the first experimental observation of graphene was reported by Hanns-Peter Boehm in 1962. In this early work the existence of monolayer reduced graphene oxide flakes was demonstrated. The contribution of Boehm was recently acknowledged by Andre Geim, the Nobel Prize winner for graphene research.
Partial reduction can be achieved by treating the suspended graphene oxide with hydrazine hydrate at 100 °C for 24 hours, by exposing graphene oxide to hydrogen plasma for a few seconds, or by exposure to a strong pulse of light, such as that of a Xenon flash. Due to the oxidation protocol, manifold defects already present in graphene oxide hamper the effectiveness of the reduction. Thus, the graphene quality obtained after reduction is limited by the precursor quality (graphene oxide) and the efficiency of the reducing agent. However, the conductivity of the graphene obtained by this route is below 10 S/cm, and the charge mobility is between 0.1 and 10 cm2/Vs. These values are much greater than the oxide's, but still a few orders of magnitude lower than those of pristine graphene. Recently, the synthetic protocol for graphite oxide was optimized and almost intact graphene oxide with a preserved carbon framweork was obtained. Reduction of this almost intact graphene oxide performs much better and the mobility values of charge carriers exceeds 1000 cm2/Vs for the best quality of flakes. Inspection with the atomic force microscope shows that the oxygen bonds distort the carbon layer, creating a pronounced intrinsic roughness in the oxide layers which persists after reduction. These defects also show up in Raman spectra of graphene oxide.
Large amounts of graphene sheets may also be produced through thermal methods. For example, in 2006 a method was discovered that simultaneously exfoliates and reduces graphite oxide by rapid heating (>2000 °C/min) to 1050°C. At this temperature, carbon dioxide is released as the oxygen functionalities are removed and explosively separates the sheets as it comes out.
Additionally, exposing a film of graphite oxide to the laser of a LightScribe DVD has also revealed to produce quality graphene at a low cost.
Water purification.
One of suggested applications of graphite oxides is water treatment to remove undesirable pollutants. Brodie graphite oxide is demonstrated to absorb selective methanol from water/methanol mixtures in certain range of methanol concentrations.
Related materials.
Dispersed graphene oxide flakes can also be sifted out of the dispersion (as in paper manufacture) and pressed to make an exceedingly strong graphene oxide paper.
Graphene oxide has been used in DNA analysis applications. The large planar surface of graphene oxide allows simultaneous quenching of multiple DNA probes labeled with different dyes, providing the detection of multiple DNA targets in the same solution. Further advances in graphene oxide based DNA sensors could result in very inexpensive rapid DNA analysis. 

</doc>
<doc id="20305107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305107" title="Nunchuck Games">
Nunchuck Games

Nunchuck Games is an American video game publisher founded in 2006 by David Luntz. The company co-published "Ninja Reflex" for Wii with Electronic Arts as one of the first projects in EA's partners program.

</doc>
<doc id="20305133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305133" title="MT Stolt Valor">
MT Stolt Valor

The MT "Stolt Valor" is a Hong Kong-flagged ship that was hijacked while in the Designated Safety Corridor within the Gulf of Aden, approximately away from the coast of Yemen, while heading from the United States south through the Gulf towards Asia. After the ship passed through the Suez Canal, it encountered hijackers and alerted the International Maritime Bureau. Area coalition forces arrived too late to avert the hijacking which occurred at 10:16 GMT on September 15, 2008 by Somali pirates.
The Japanese-owned chemical tanker, managed by Fleet Management Ltd. of Hong Kong, and on time charter to Stolt Tankers, carried a crew of 22 members, including eighteen from India, two from the Philippines, one from Bangladesh, and one from Russia according to Fleet's spokesman, Ferdi Stolzenberg. The ship's captain is Prabhat Kumar Goyal of Teg Bahadur Road, Dehradun. The ship was carrying 19,800 metric tons of phosphoric acid, loaded in Morehead City, North Carolina, USA,
at time of capture.
Following capture, the "Stolt Valor" made way to the pirate haven of Eyl on the eastern coast of Somalia. The pirates made contact with the ship's owners the following day, September 16. The ship's Master, through email and phone, stated that his crew was unharmed and confined to the ship’s wheelhouse.
Ransom.
An initial demand of ransom for US$6 million was later decreased to US$2.5 million. The ransom negotiations were conducted by National Union of Seafarers of India (NUSI) General Secretary Abdul Gani in Hong Kong, saying "Definitely ransom has been paid but we will not be able to go into details."
Release.
The "Stolt Valor" was released the morning of November 16, 2008.
2012 fire.
On March 15, 2012, an explosion and subsequent fire occurred on board "Stolt Valor" while she was off Jubail, Saudi Arabia. The ship was carrying a cargo of methyl tertiary butyl ether and isobutanol. One crew member killed. Twenty-four survivors were rescued by and later transferred to .
Scrap.
The fire was eventually extinguished and all pollutants - both chemical cargo and fuel - later removed, but the ship was forced to drift in the Gulf for several months before authorities in Bahrain offered it a port of refuge. "Stolt Valor" was deemed too badly damaged for repairs to be economically viable and the ship owners and managers STOLT, decided to scrap it. She was scrapped in mid-October 2012 in Bahrain.

</doc>
<doc id="20305163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305163" title="Yuka Kato">
Yuka Kato

Major achievements.
2007 World Championships
2008 Beijing Olympics
Personal Bests.
In long course

</doc>
<doc id="20305218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305218" title="The March of Time (film)">
The March of Time (film)

The March of Time is the title of an unfinished 1930 American musical film directed by Charles Reisner. The film was originally scheduled to be released in September 1930 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer but was shelved by MGM. "The March of Time" would have been one of the first musicals partially filmed in two-color Technicolor.
Overview.
The uncompleted film was originally titled "Hollywood Revue of 1930" and was conceived by producer Harry Rapf as a follow-up to MGM's "Hollywood Revue of 1929" which he had also produced. The film was retitled to "The March of Time" because it was to feature three sections which featured past performers from the stage and the vaudeville circuit, then-present day performers and up-and-coming performers. In order to attract audiences that mainly watched films, musical numbers featuring well known actors of the time, including Bing Crosby, Ramon Novarro, Marie Dressler, Joan Crawford, and Wallace Beery, were included. Production began in Spring 1930 but by June 1930, MGM decided to shelve the project as they considered it to be unmarketable despite the fact that a number of musical numbers had been filmed. 
Among the performers originally scheduled to appear in "The March of Time" were Buster Keaton, Joe Weber and Lew Fields of the Weber and Fields comedy team, Gus Edwards, Fay Templeton, DeWolf Hopper Sr., Albertina Rasch and her dancers, Ramon Novarro, Polly Moran, Barney Fagan, Raquel Torres, and Bing Crosby. Wallace Beery, Marie Dressler, Polly Moran, Weber and Fields, Fay Templeton, Edwards, Fagan, and Hopper were to be included in a series of vaudeville sketches as the "Old Timers".
In order to salvage the $750,000 that had already been spent on the film, MGM announced plans to use the footage in a planned project starring Jimmy Durante that was to be released in 1932. That project was also abandoned. The footage from "The March of Time" later found its way into the musical shorts "The Devil's Cabaret" (1930), "Nertsery Rhymes" (1933), "Beer and Pretzels" (1933), "Hello Pop!" (1933), "Jail Birds of Paradise" (1934), and "The Big Idea" (1934). MGM's 1931 musical revue "Wir schalten um auf Hollywood" ("We Tune In to Hollywood"), produced for the German market, also featured scenes from "The March of Time" as did 1933's "Broadway to Hollywood". Footage from the unfinished film also appears in "That's Entertainment! III" (1994). 

</doc>
<doc id="20305230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305230" title="Vi Senior Living, Classic Residence">
Vi Senior Living, Classic Residence

Vi (formerly known as Classic Residence by Hyatt) is a national developer, owner and manager of high-end retirement communities across the United States. It is a privately held corporation founded in 1987 by its former Chairman, Penny Pritzker. As of September 2012, the company houses over 4,000 residents and employed 2,621 workers. Senior Housing Properties Trust purchased Vi's rental portfolio in December 2011. 
Vi founder Penny Pritzker no longer chairs the company she established nearly 25 years ago. Ms. Pritzker left Vi in early January to focus on her new investment firm. Pritzker family business interests continue to own the company.
Vi is a distinct business entity from Hyatt hotels and Global Hyatt Corporation.
History.
For over twenty years, Classic Residence by Hyatt built its reputation on its relationship with the Hyatt hotel brand. In 2007, company president Randal Richardson said that "Classic Residence by Hyatt has really translated the quality of the Hyatt brand into luxury senior living."
In 2008, Classic Residence by Hyatt sold its trademark and agreed to discontinue use of the Hyatt name. When the new name - Vi - was revealed to residents at its Palo Alto community in June 2010, there was reportedly "an audible escape of air from the aged crowd" that included "murmurings of disbelief".
Sale.
In December 2011, Senior Housing Property Trust purchased eight of Vi’s rental communities; In August 2012, Senior Housing Properties Trust purchased the remaining ninth rental community located in Yonkers, New York.
After the sale was announced, the "SeniorCare Investor" reported that Vi’s ownership “wanted to sell the entire entity,” but “the valuations from buyers for the entrance-fee CCRCs were not close to what the seller wanted to get” and that Vi “would put those on the backburner” to focus on selling the rentals. 
Vi has historically been owned by the Pritzker family trusts. In the last five years, the Pritzker family has sold over $12 billion in assets, presumably pursuant to the family's contentious settlement that splits up their business empire. The National Real Estate Investor has speculated that the dissolution of the Pritzker family empire means that Vi “could be getting ready to exit the seniors housing market altogether.”
Services.
Vi operates continuing care retirement communities (CCRC). CCRC’s offer a wider range of services than rental retirement communities. Most CCRC’s offer “continuing care programs” for qualifying seniors which allows them to move into assisted living, skilled nursing, and Alzheimer’s support programs as their health declines for the same monthly fee they had paid for their independent rental apartment, with certain additional ancillary charges. Monthly fees pay all operating expenses at the community, including medical care. In most of its CCRCs, Vi can adjust monthly fees with thirty to sixty days notice.
Quality of Care.
Vi continuing care retirement communities offer several different levels of onsite care to its residents. Care availability depends on community location and can include assisted living, skilled nursing, memory support and Alzheimer's, etc. Each community undergoes state and county public health department inspections on a regular basis. In 2007, Florida regulators temporarily placed their Lantana facility on a state-wide nursing home watch list for "failing to provide adequate and appropriate health care and protective support to all residents," according to the Florida Agency for Health Care Administration.
Vi at Grayhawk was ranked as one of the best care centers in the nation in 2012 by U.S. News and World Report.
Litigation.
Resident at Vi’s La Jolla community filed a class action lawsuit against Vi in 2006. Residents had accused the company of fraud and deceit, elder abuse, breach of fiduciary duty, unfair business practices, and violation of part of the California health and safety code. Vi denied any wrongdoing, but reached a settlement with residents in 2008 that included, among other things: 

</doc>
<doc id="20305233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305233" title="Gorenja Vas–Reteče">
Gorenja Vas–Reteče

Gorenja Vas–Reteče ( or ; , ) is a village on the left bank of the Sora River in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Gorenja vas" to "Gorenja vas-Reteče" in 1953. In the past the German name was "Goreinawas".

</doc>
<doc id="20305253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305253" title="Eric Thorson">
Eric Thorson

Eric M. Thorson is the Inspector General for the United States Treasury Department. He currently oversees the Troubled Asset Relief Program and has called oversight of this program "a mess".
Inspector General of the Treasury.
Thorson was nominated to be Inspector General of the Department of the Treasury by President George W. Bush on November 15, 2007 and confirmed by the United States Senate on August 1, 2008. He was sworn into office on August 12, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20305346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305346" title="Idea Factory">
Idea Factory

Idea Factory's role-playing games are known for their complexity and difficulty.
On 30 September 2013, Idea Factory opened their international branch based in California, under the name Idea Factory International, Inc.
A subsection of Idea Factory develops otome games, under the name of Otomate.

</doc>
<doc id="20305364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305364" title="Refrigerate after opening">
Refrigerate after opening

The term refrigerate after opening is an instruction on commercial preserved food products to cool the container after it has been opened and the contents exposed to open air.
Moist foods are commonly preserved using canning and vacuum sealing to kill off any bacteria and molds, and to prevent further growth by removing oxygen. Dry-product containers are often preserved with heating and filling the empty container spaces with an inert nonreactive gas such as nitrogen.
Once opened for consumption, the product is immediately exposed to atmospheric oxygen and floating dust particles containing bacteria and mold spores, and all protections from the preservation process are immediately lost. At room temperature, mold and bacteria growth resumes almost immediately, and warmer temperatures can lead to an explosion of growth that rapidly degrades the food product. This organism growth can result in the accumulation of poisonous bacterial substances in the food product such as botulin, that lead to food poisoning, sickness, or death.
Cooling the food product to a temperature just above freezing in a refrigerator is generally required to slow the growth of these organisms. This cooling can permit foods to remain safely edible for up to two weeks after opening.
Simply loosening the lid of a vacuum-packed food product to break the seal is enough to permit the bacteria and mold growth to resume. The amount of air inhaled into the container when the seal is broken is small, but sufficient to permit slow growth of contaminating and decomposing organisms.
This seal is extremely important to the safe preservation of the food product. That is why most preserved screw-top food products use a domed metal cover that emits an audible popping sound as the container is opened. The dome is held down by the vacuum seal and will not make a popping sound when the cover is pressed on a properly sealed container.

</doc>
<doc id="20305382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305382" title="Emosi Lomata">
Emosi Lomata

Emosi Lomata (born 17 August 1967) is a well known singer and composer throughout Fiji and the South Pacific islands. 
His career started at the age of 11 when he entered the Corowalidi Competition organised by Radio Fiji at Anupan theatre in Lautoka and won first prize.
Since then he has released a myriad of albums of his original compositions in Fijian. Volumes 1 - 10 are available through South Pacific Recordings (SPR) in Fiji.
His most recent album release in 2008, Emosi Lomata Volume 10.
[http://www.sprfiji.com]
Emosi Lomata's website www.emosilomata.webs.com

</doc>
<doc id="20305401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305401" title="Hirokazu Ninomiya">
Hirokazu Ninomiya


</doc>
<doc id="20305412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305412" title="Veneer hammer">
Veneer hammer

A veneer hammer is a woodworking tool used in applying veneer.
Description and use.
A veneer hammer is used in conjunction with hot hide glue in applying veneer to a substrate. The term "veneer hammer" is somewhat misleading, as the "hammer" is used more like a squeegee than a hammer. The hot hide glue is applied to the substrate, then the veneer is laid onto the glued surface. The hammer itself has a dull blade, approximately three inches wide, on one side of the head, and a square shaped face on the other side. This head is connected to a standard handle, much like a regular hammer. The small square face is designed to push down on, exerting force to the blade side of the head. 
The veneer is pushed into the glue with the wide blade, and the hammer is pushed or pulled, forcing out the excess hide glue. The sheer bulk of the metal head helps to cool the glue, causing it to grab and hold the veneer in place. The glue cures as it cools. The procedure is to work from the center, out towards the edges, forcing the hot excess glue out from under the veneer.
Often workers will apply the glue to the face of the veneer as well, using it as a lubricant for the hammer. By applying glue, therefore moisture, on both side of the veneer, the worker also avoid the curling of the veneer. This surface glue can be easily removed, using a cabinet scraper or cold water. 
In areas where a good bond is not achieved, the glue can be reheated with a common household iron, and reactivated. The veneer can be forced into the reactivated glue using the veneer hammer, and the area where the bond was poor, will become properly adhered to the substrate.
Workers often make their own veneer hammer, often having a wider "blade" than the commercially available ones. The blade can be made from metal or wood. The important factor is that the shape of the blade be somewhat tapered, permitting the required force to be applied directly under the blade.
The process is centuries old, possibly dating back to Egyptian times, as examples of veneered work have survived from that era.

</doc>
<doc id="20305413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305413" title="Shigemaru Takenokoshi">
Shigemaru Takenokoshi


</doc>
<doc id="20305424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305424" title="Taizo Kawamoto">
Taizo Kawamoto


</doc>
<doc id="20305443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305443" title="Burton Dickerson">
Burton Dickerson

Burton Dickerson (born January 1925) is an American artist and World War II veteran living in Mount Pleasant, Michigan. He served in the 47th Infantry, 9th division, which was deployed in North Africa, Sicily, and France. His work includes large abstract expressionist paintings, dancing figures, and cartoons. Some of his paintings are owned by Viggo Mortensen, Nathan Cummings, and Albert Stein among other collections. He writes regularly on his website. A recent collection of his cartoons, entitled "Up Your Ladder" can be found at TDRS Music. 
Burton Dickerson has also created a number of animated music videos. In the 1980s, he created a stop motion video for the band, Mr. Wilson. More recently, he produced "Pyrrhic Victory" for the group Thanatopsis (music by Travis Dickerson and Buckethead).
He is the son of Lyle Linden Dickerson, a well-known fly fishing rod crafstman.
Burton is the father of Travis Dickerson, Linden Dickerson, Brandon Dickerson, Sarah Dickerson, and Bethany Dickerson Hight.

</doc>
<doc id="20305445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305445" title="Broadway to Hollywood (film)">
Broadway to Hollywood (film)

Broadway to Hollywood (1933) is a film directed by Willard Mack, produced by Harry Rapf, and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The film features many of MGM's stars of the time, including Frank Morgan, Alice Brady, May Robson, Madge Evans, Jimmy Durante, Mickey Rooney, and child stars Tad Alexander and Jackie Cooper. 
Brothers Moe Howard and Curly Howard of The Three Stooges appear -- without Ted Healy and without Larry Fine -- almost unrecognizably, as Otto and Fritz, two clowns in makeup.
The film features several sequences taken from the unfinished MGM musical "The March of Time" (1930), including some filmed in the early two-strip Technicolor process. Fay Templeton, DeWolf Hopper Sr., and Albertina Rasch and her dancers are featured in footage taken from "The March of Time". However, current prints of "Broadway to Hollywood" as shown on Turner Classic Movies have no color sequences.

</doc>
<doc id="20305489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305489" title="Ron James">
Ron James

Ron James may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20305493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305493" title="Kokavil">
Kokavil

Kokavil ( ) is a village in Mullaitivu District, Sri Lanka, also called "Kokkavil". It is situated along A-9 road.
History.
Massacre on Yal Devi.
Troops were located parallel to A-9 Highway and old Murikandi-Kokavil Railway Station where LTTE massacre on "Yal Devi" passenger train was occurred. The Full packed Yal Devi train on its run 19 January 1985 was blasted by Tiger terrorists, triggering a landmine. Twenty-eight Army soldiers and eleven civilians lost their lives, and a total of twenty soldiers, five civilians and three Police Constables, suffered injuries due to this terrorist act. Nevertheless, the train driver, thanks to his presence of mind and bravery pushed all the injured into the carriage, connecting the diesel locomotive and speedily continued its journey, leaving all other twelve compartments behind, since the train remained disconnected as a result of the impact of the blast. However, the driver ensured all casualties were delivered to the nearest hospital at the next railway station, just a couple of minutes later. He still lives to relate his saga.
Military History.
Kokavil is important due to various reasons. In 11 July 1990 Sri Lanka Army lost the Kokavil Army camp which guarded Rupavahini relay tower and Captain Saliya Upul Aladeniya sacrificed his life and been awarded the highest spirit in combat, the gallantry medal "Parama Weera Vibhushanaya" (PWV) for his fight against Tiger terrorists valiantly without reinforcements until his camp was destroyed by the terrorists. He received orders to abandon the camp, but he refused to do so as the majority of his troops were injured by then and while bullets are running low. He was the first to be nominated for this prestigious Parama Weera Vibhushanaya upon his supreme sacrifice and later Hasalaka Gamini was awarded the same for his supreme sacrifice to save Elephant Pass camp in 14 July 1991.
Sri Lanka Army advanced towards the Kokavil town and captured the town on December 1, 2008 as part of Eelam War IV.

</doc>
<doc id="20305527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305527" title="BNS Abu Bakar">
BNS Abu Bakar

BNS Abu Bakar is a modified Type 053H2 frigate of the Bangladesh Navy, bought in 2014 from China.
History.
The Type 053H2 Frigate "BNS Abu Bakar" was previously known as "Huangshi," which served with "PLAN" in "East Sea Fleet".It was commissioned in "PLAN" in 1986. In 2013 the ship was sold to Bangladesh Navy.The ship was commissioned on 1 March, 2014.
Armament.
The ship is armed with advanced C-802A anti-ship missiles, and FM-90N surface-to-air missile systems.It also carries naval guns, torpedoes and anti-submarine weapons.
See also.
Frigates 

</doc>
<doc id="20305534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305534" title="Gosteče">
Gosteče

Gosteče () is a village on a river terrace on the right bank of the Sora River in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Andrew. The exterior features several frescoes, including a 14th-century depiction of Saint Christopher.

</doc>
<doc id="20305550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305550" title="The Tempest (Sibelius)">
The Tempest (Sibelius)

Incidental Music to Shakespeare’s "The Tempest", Op. 109, was written by Jean Sibelius in 1925-26, at about the same time as he wrote his tone poem "Tapiola". The music is said to display an astounding richness of imagination and inventive capacity, and is considered by some as one of Sibelius's greatest achievements. He represented individual characters through instrumentation choices: particularly admired was his use of harps and percussion to represent Prospero, said to capture the "resonant ambiguity of the character".
Sibelius had completed his 7th Symphony, which was to be his last, in 1924. "The Tempest" and "Tapiola" were to be his last great works, and he wrote little else for the remaining 32 years of his life, which came to be known as "The Silence of Järvenpää". 
The idea for music for "The Tempest" was first suggested to Sibelius in 1901, by his friend Axel Carpelan. In 1925, his Danish publisher Wilhelm Hansen again raised the idea, as the Royal Theatre in Copenhagen was going to stage the work the following year, directed by Adam Poulsen. Sibelius wrote it from the autumn of 1925 through to the early part of 1926, during which time he turned 60.
The complete music lasts for over an hour. It originally consisted of 34 pieces, for vocalists, mixed-voice choir, harmonium and a large orchestra. It was first performed in Copenhagen on 15 March 1926. The first night attracted international attention but Sibelius was not present. Reviews noted that "Shakespeare and Sibelius, these two geniuses, have finally found one another", and praised in particular the part played by the music and stage sets. Only four days later Sibelius set off for an extended trip to work on new commissions in Rome. He did not hear the music for the first time until the autumn of 1927 when the National Theatre in Helsinki staged the work. For this performance, he composed an alternative Epilogue, bringing the number of items to 35.
The Overture has been described as "the single most onomatopoetic stretch of music ever composed". Sibelius published the Overture as a separate piece, and arranged two suites from the music, comprising 19 pieces. These suites condensed and combined items from the stage music, sometimes in ways that obscure the drama. It is in the form of these suites that the music has been most frequently heard in the concert hall and on recordings. Various recordings do not stick to the formal suites but include other items. 
The complete Incidental Music was not recorded for the first time until 1992, by the Lahti Symphony Orchestra, Lahti Opera Chorus, and soloists under Osmo Vänskä, as part of the complete recordings of all Sibelius’s works. Recordings of the suites include those by Sir Thomas Beecham, Sir Charles Groves, Horst Stein, Leif Segerstam and Michael Stern.
Structure of the Suites.
The references in brackets are to the origin of the music in the original score.
Suite No. 1 for Piano, Op. 109/2
Suite No. 2 for Piano, Op. 109/3

</doc>
<doc id="20305561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305561" title="Dunderberg Mountain">
Dunderberg Mountain

Dunderberg Mountain stands at the so-called southern gate of the Hudson Highlands where the region's namesake Hudson River enters a dramatic gorge. It rises about from the river's west bank above Jones Point, New York, within Bear Mountain State Park and the town of Stony Point in Rockland County, New York.
Dunderberg (also historically Donderberg) is a Dutch word, meaning "thunder mountain," so called by the early Dutch settlers because of the frequent thunderstorms in the vicinity.
Geography.
The bulk of Dunderberg projects into the Hudson River, which describes an arc about its eastern side. Tidal marshes of the river, Snake Hole Creek and Iona Island, lie to the north. On the northwestern side is the abandoned hamlet of Doodletown. At Dunderberg's immediate southern slope is the Hudson River, while to the southwest are outlying neighborhoods of Tomkins Cove, a community or segment of Stony Point.
The mountain as labeled on current U.S. Geological Survey maps and a widely used hiking map, extends about a mile and a half from its easternmost footing on the river at Jones Point. But several summits lying still farther to the west and southwest are evidently part of the Dunderberg formation, or massif, as described by at least some editions of an influential area hiking guidebook. These include Bald Mountain or Bockberg (1,130 feet (344 m)), as well as the Timp (984 feet (300m)), each of which are, however, separately named by the USGS. The Boulderberg, labeled as such on certain maps of historical interest, lies a short distance to the south of the Timp.
As Dunderberg's crest runs inland latitudinally from the river, Timp Brook splits it into northerly and southerly ridges; Bald Mountain lies at the end of the northerly ridge, while the Timp terminates the southerly ridge about two-and a half miles southwest of Jones Point. Timp Brook emerges from a small swamp between the two ridges to flow down steeply to the north around Bald Mountain and thence to the northeast, into the valley known as Doodletown Clove between West Mountain and Dunderberg.
Closely following the upper course of Timp Brook was once the main route into Doodletown from the southwest. A half-mile farther west, an old farm road, later used as a fire road and now a foot-path, also enters Doodletown valley, through a narrow gap known as Timp Pass between the Timp and West Mountain. However, since the late 19th century, the main road up the Hudson (now 9W) has circled around the base of Dunderberg near the river.
History.
Revolutionary War.
Dunderberg was a landmark for British forces during the American Revolutionary War, as troops moved over a pass to the west of the mountain while marching to attack Forts Clinton and Montgomery in 1777. 
In a report to General William Howe several days after the Oct. 6, 1777 attack, the British commander Sir Henry Clinton wrote that at daybreak, 2,100 troops disembarked from vessels at Stony Point:
The Avant Garde of 500 Regulars & 400 Provincials ... began its March to occupy the Pass of Thunder Hill; this Avant Garde after it had passed that Mountain, was to proceed by a detour of seven Miles round the Hill Mountain, and Debouchée in the Rear of Fort Montgomery, while General Vaughan, with 1200 Men was to continue his March towards Fort Clinton ... Major General Tryon with the Remainder, being the Rear Guard, to leave a Battalion at the Pass of Thunder Hill to open our Communication with the Fleet...
Sir Henry's "Pass of Thunder Hill" apparently stood between what is now called Bald Mountain and the Timp, about a mile southwest of the westerly summit of Dunderberg. It lies about a half-mile east of what is now called Timp Pass.
The modern 1777 Trail commemorates Sir Henry's route, and was built in 1974–75 as a joint project of the Rockland County Boy Scouts, the Palisades Interstate Park, the Rockland County Cooperative Extension and the New York-New Jersey Trail Conference. The route was determined by Jack Mead of the Trailside Museum at Bear Mountain from British military records and maps drawn by Major Robert Erskine, Surveyor General of the Continental Army.
Anthony Wayne, in his successful attack on Stony Point in 1779, used a route that entirely avoids the Dunderberg area, passing nearly two miles to the west of the Timp. A contemporary trail commemorates Wayne's route and is mapped by the New York/New Jersey Trail Conference.
Spiral Railway Corp..
In 1889, the Dunderberg Spiral Railway Corporation formed with the goal of building a hotel at the top of Dunderberg. Tourists were to reach the hotel by means of a steam-powered railway. For the descent, the cars would be powered simply by gravity as the track wound its way back to the base of the mountain, like a roller coaster, affording scenic views of the Hudson and reaching speeds of up to .
Directors of the Dunderberg corporation included Henry J. Mumford, who with his brother H.L. Mumford, operated the former Mauch Chunk Railroad of similar design as a successful and well-known tourist attraction during the 1870s in what is now Jim Thorpe, Pennsylvania. The Mauch Chunk Railroad, originally designed for a coal mine, became the inspiration for modern amusement park roller coasters.
Funding for the Dunderberg project ran out in 1891 and the system was never completed; the reasons for the failure remain unclear.
One theory holds that the facility was planned as part of the Columbian Exposition of 1893. Verplanck's Point (south of Peekskill) is said to have been considered as a possible location during the planning stage of the Exposition, and it is possible that the funding for the hotel and the railway collapsed after Congress awarded the location to Chicago instead. Although the theory is persistent, no clear documentation has been found to support it.
Today, ruins and some signs of the Spiral Railway construction are still visible. The graded areas can be accessed from the Ramapo-Dunderberg and the Timp-Torne trails, and became somewhat popular for walking following publication of William Howell's two volumes of hiking diaries called "The Hudson Highlands" in 1933 and 1934, and reprinted by "Walking News" in 1982.
Edison Mine.
In 1890 Thomas Edison began to establish an iron mine by acquiring nearly on the north slope of Dunderberg and the base of Bald Mountain. Two years earlier, the inventor had created a method for using electromagnets to separate and refine iron ore.
The remains of Edison's mine lie southeast of Doodletown Reservoir south of the abandoned "Old Turnpike," between the Cornell Mine Trail and the Doodletown Bridle Path. A tailings pile is on the hillside. The land was eventually acquired by the Palisades Interstate Park Commission on December 31, 1938.
Other abandoned iron mines in the immediate vicinity predate Edison's project, and include those on Bald Mountain and West Mountain.
"Upper Level" 9W roadway construction.
A so-called upper level section of U.S. Route 9W blasted into the side of Dunderberg was opened to traffic in 1931. The lower section of highway had been constructed in 1911 as a roadway. The upper-level project was compared in the 1930s with Storm King Highway and the southeastern approach to Bear Mountain Bridge, two other mountainside highways along the Hudson built in the same era.
For the new highway averaged an elevation above the river of between 200 and . The project was undertaken because it reportedly required less excavation and backfilling than that required to widen the lower roadway to four lanes. Funds for the project had been allocated by the state in 1924. Over a period of years the road was temporarily blocked by landslides on a number of occasions.
With the opening of the upper level, the lower highway was to be widened to and carry only northbound traffic, while the upper level, also wide, would carry southbound traffic.
Today the lower roadway appears on maps as a minor secondary road labeled "Old Route 9W." More than a mile of this route is now called the Jones Point Greenway and is used solely for pedestrian and bicycle traffic. The upper roadway is three lanes and additional blasting has evidently been completed in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="20305564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305564" title="Sovtorgflot">
Sovtorgflot

Sovtorgflot (, "Soviet Commercial Fleet") was a shipping company in the Soviet Union. It was established as a joint-stock company on July 18, 1924. It united ships which belonged different "narkomats" and companies, includung the ones with foreign capital. 

</doc>
<doc id="20305567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305567" title="M6 Tractor">
M6 Tractor

The M6 High-Speed Tractor was an artillery tractor manufactured by Allis-Chalmers and used by the US Army during World War II to tow heavy artillery pieces, such as the 8-inch Gun M1 and 240 mm howitzer M1. It’s G-number was (G-184).
History.
Background.
Although in the late 1930s the US Army lacked a clear mechanization policy, the success of the Blitzkrieg in 1939-40 highlighted the need of motorized vehicles for both tactical and strategic maneuver, which meant that towed artillery would need to move at a speed comparable to that of the armored fighting vehicles.
To achieve this, a series of “high speed tractors” was planned, which would tow the different artillery pieces existing (or planned) in the US Army inventory. The “high” speed was considered in comparison with horse-drawn artillery rather than that obtainable with wheeled prime movers. The models considered in the series included: 7 ton, 18 ton, 13 ton, and 38 ton.
Description.
Intended to tow heavy artillery pieces as the 240 mm howitzer M1 and the 8-inch Gun M1, the M6 artillery tractor was larger and heavier than the M4 Artillery Tractor, although they had a similar layout. The main differences between both were in the following areas:
It was powered by two six-cylinder, in-line, Waukesha 145GZ gasoline engines, each of which gave 190 HP at 2,100 rev/min, with an engine displacement of 13,400 cm³.
The running gear consisted on six rubber-rimmed wheels per side, with the drive wheel located at the front and a large tensioning wheel at the rear; a layout similar to the one used in the M3 light tank and later in the M4 Tractor.
Combat use.
European front.
The tractor M6 was used in the European theater only in the last months of World War II.
In the meanwhile, the movement of large caliber artillery was done by vehicles based on existing hulls, among them: 
Pacific front.
Use of this tractor in the Pacific theater seems to have been limited to training at Oahu, (Hawaii). 
Post-war.
In the Korean War no heavy artillery was used that required being towed by these tractors. 
Some vehicles were sold to Israel after being replaced by self-propelled artillery. 

</doc>
<doc id="20305574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305574" title="Sticky Johnson">
Sticky Johnson

Sticky Johnson is a brand of surfboard wax made in New Zealand using natural additives to improve durability and stick. Noted for outstanding performance over long periods of time with no need to reapply.

</doc>
<doc id="20305586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305586" title="BNS Ali Haider">
BNS Ali Haider

BNS Ali Haider is a modified Type 053H2 frigate of the Bangladesh Navy, bought in 2014 from China.
History.
The Type 053H2 Frigate "BNS Ali Haider" was previously known as "Wuhu" which served with "PLAN" in "East Sea Fleet".It was commissioned in "PLAN" in 1987. In 2013 the ship was sold to Bangladesh Navy.The ship was commissioned on 1 March 2014.
Armament.
The ship is armed with advanced C-802A anti-ship missiles, and FM-90N surface-to-air missile systems.It also carries naval guns, torpedoes and anti-submarine weapons.
See also.
Frigates 

</doc>
<doc id="20305594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305594" title="Grenc">
Grenc

Grenc (; in older sources also "Grenec", ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Urbanization has meant that it has become part of the actual town of Škofja Loka.

</doc>
<doc id="20305606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305606" title="Zof">
Zof

Zof or ZOF may refer to one of the following. 

</doc>
<doc id="20305608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305608" title="Hosta, Škofja Loka">
Hosta, Škofja Loka

Hosta () is a settlement on the right bank of the Sora River in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20305637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305637" title="Statue of Liberty (disambiguation)">
Statue of Liberty (disambiguation)

The Statue of Liberty is a colossal statue in New York harbor.
The Statue of Liberty may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20305641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305641" title="Joel Davis">
Joel Davis

Joel Clark Davis (born January 30, 1965) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He played professionally for the Chicago White Sox from 1985 to 1988.
Biography.
Davis was born in Jacksonville, Florida and graduated from Sandalwood High School in Jacksonville. He played minor league baseball with Sarasota of the Florida State League. 
Davis was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the first round (13th pick) of the 1983 Major League Baseball Draft. He played his first Major League Baseball game on August 11, 1985. He is a left-handed batter and a right-handed thrower. Following major surgery on his right shoulder, Davis retired from playing. He played his last professional game on July 5, 1988. 
He entered college and started teaching and coaching in 1996, coaching at Episcopal School of Jacksonville for five seasons. Davis joined the faculty of Stanton College Preparatory School in Jacksonville, Florida as a HOPE teacher in 2002 teaching health and life management. He also coaches the baseball team at Stanton. Davis is the baseball coach at Atlantic Coast High School in Jacksonville. Davis has four children, a son Christopher born in 1984, a daughter Amanda born in 1985, a daughter, twelve, and a son, eight.

</doc>
<doc id="20305642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305642" title="Knape">
Knape

Knape () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20305647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305647" title="Astragalus obscurus">
Astragalus obscurus

Astragalus obscurus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name arcane milkvetch. It is native to the northwestern United States of Idaho and Oregon and northern parts of Nevada and California. It is a plant of rocky areas in mountains and Great Basin plateaus. This is a small, mat-forming perennial herb with tufts of hairy stems approaching a maximum length of 15 centimeters. The leaves are up to 10 centimeters long and made up of thick oval-shaped leaflets. The inflorescence is a dense cluster of 5 to 15 off-white to faintly lilac-tinted flowers, each less than a centimeter long. The fruit is a narrow, leathery legume pod held upright in the infructescence. It may reach 2.5 centimeters in length and usually has two chambers inside.

</doc>
<doc id="20305649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305649" title="Mississippi Highway 302">
Mississippi Highway 302

Mississippi Highway 302 (also signed as Goodman Road) is the main east-west highway in DeSoto County, Mississippi, extending into Marshall County, Mississippi to the east. It runs approximately two miles south of the Mississippi/Tennessee state line, from a western terminus at Mississippi Highway 161 (old U.S. 61) in Walls, to U.S. 72 just west of Mount Pleasant.
For approximately one mile beginning at MS 161 and on eastward, MS 302 is a four-lane expressway to accommodate the U.S. 61 interchange. MS 302 then continues east from U.S. 61 to U.S. 78 at Olive Branch, mainly as a four-lane highway with a center turn lane and significant commercial frontage. From U.S. 78 to MS 309, MS 302 is a four-lane expressway with at-grade intersections (with the exception of the overpass at Germantown Road/MS 305). Eastward from MS 309, the four-lane expressway continues, with a grade-separated interchange at the U.S. 72 terminus.
Locales on route.
From west to east
Junctions on route.
From west to east

</doc>
<doc id="20305653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305653" title="Kovski Vrh">
Kovski Vrh

Kovski Vrh (; ) is a small settlement above Visoko in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20305659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305659" title="Mahwah River">
Mahwah River

The Mahwah River is a tributary of the Ramapo River in Rockland County, New York and Bergen County, New Jersey in the United States.
The Mahwah River runs on a meandering SSW course for about 11 mi (18 km) from its headwaters just north of the hamlet of Ladentown, New York to its mouth which empties into the Ramapo River in Mahwah, New Jersey, just south of the village of Suffern, New York, and the state line. Its course runs along the length of the Ramapo geologic fault on the eastern edge of Harriman State Park and below the face of the Ramapo Mountain escarpment. Numerous brooks and streams flowing out of the Ramapo Mountains to the west feed the river as it runs south. For most of its length the river's course is roughly paralleled by U.S. Route 202.
Course.
Just south of its source at the foot of Lime Kiln Mountain, the Mahwah passes through the Ladentown Swamp, an extensive wetland area that is one of the last unspoiled aquifers in Rockland County, New York. As it runs south, the river's course is interrupted by numerous dams forming ponds and small lakes. At a number of points it runs through woodlands and remains in its original natural condition.
Approximately 4.5 mi (7.2 km) south of its source the river passes under Sky Meadow Lane and shortly thereafter enters a stretch where it is surrounded by Harriman State Park on both sides. Just south of this the river passes through Kakiat County Park and just beyond the park it passes under Route 202 from west to east. 
Farther south the river enters Antrim Lake and immediately thereafter it passes under the New York State Thruway, flows through Suffern, south across the state boundary and into the Ramapo River in the town of Mahwah. 
Wildlife species.
The Mahwah harbors a population of fish species, including brook trout, brown trout, largemouth bass, pickerel, catfish, bluegills, suckers, and chubbs. It also hosts waterfowl species, including wood duck in its northern reaches, mallards and Canadian geese throughout its length. Muskrats, beavers and an occasional otter are seen plying its waters as well. Pileated Woodpeckers, wild turkey, whitetailed deer, black bear and coyotes are common in the surrounding woodlands and mountains.
Flooding.
In the Squires Gate section of Suffern there have been significant episodes of flooding during heavy rainfall. A debate rages among local politicians and citizens over the best way to remediate the problem.
Overdevelopment concerns.
Recent down-zoning ordinances pushed by local politicians, which allow for high density development in the vicinity of the river, have tripped off a firestorm of protest by local citizens and precipitated the creation of community action groups dedicated to protecting the Mahwah and its watershed against overdevelopment.

</doc>
<doc id="20305667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305667" title="BNS Shaheed Moazzem">
BNS Shaheed Moazzem

BNS "Shaheed Moazzem" is an establishment of the Bangladeshi Navy, established after the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971, and named in honour of Lieutenant Commander Shaheed Moazzem.
Career.
The "Shaheed Moazzem" is currently under the command of the Commodore commanding Chittagong (COMCHIT). About 1500 personnel serve at "Shaheed Moazzem", which is one of the largest bases in the Bangladesh Navy. "Shaheed Moazzem" was established to train officers and sailors. and consists of three training schools, working under the Bangladesh National University:

</doc>
<doc id="20305686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305686" title="Jinqiao">
Jinqiao

Jinqiao () is a district in Pudong, Shanghai, China. The area contains a relatively high proportion of foreign nationals and is notable for its large number of International Schools.
Jinqiao covers an area of approximately 20 km2.
Amenities.
Jinqiao has been developing rapidly over the last few years. It has a number of international schools including; Dulwich College Shanghai and Concordia International School Shanghai.
Housing.
There are many expat housing compounds in Jinqiao, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20305696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305696" title="BNS Isa Khan">
BNS Isa Khan

BNS "Isa Khan" is an establishment of the Bangladeshi Navy in Chittagong district of Bangladesh.
Career.
The "Isa Khan"' is currently under the command of the Commodore Commanding Chittagong (COMCHIT). About 1000 personnel serve at "Isa Khan", which is one of the largest bases in the Bangladesh Navy. "Isa Khan" was established for the training of officers and sailors, as well as operating as a naval base. Several training schools are located here.It has nuclear capabilities. 

</doc>
<doc id="20305701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305701" title="Astragalus oocarpus">
Astragalus oocarpus

Astragalus oocarpus is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common names San Diego milkvetch and Descanso milkvetch. 
It is endemic to southern California, where it is known only from the Peninsular Ranges of San Diego County. Its range may extend north into Riverside County. It is a plant of the chaparral slopes and woodlands of the mountains.
Description.
"Astragalus oocarpus" is a perennial herb producing upright to erect hollow stems up to 1.3 meters tall. Leaves are up to 17 centimeters long and are made up of veiny lance-shaped leaflets each up to 3 centimeters in length. The stem and leaves are mostly hairless. 
The inflorescence holds up to 75 cream-colored flowers, each between 1 and 2 centimeters in length. The fruit is an inflated legume pod 1.5 to 2.5 centimeters long which dries to a stiff papery texture.

</doc>
<doc id="20305713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305713" title="Lady Bonython">
Lady Bonython

Lady Bonython may refer to:
See also.
Although not titled "Lady Bonython", female Bonythons with knighted husbands included:

</doc>
<doc id="20305724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305724" title="Jazz Blues Fusion (album)">
Jazz Blues Fusion (album)

Jazz Blues Fusion is a live album by John Mayall. The first side is from a gig in Boston on 18 November 1971, and the second side was selected from two concerts at Hunter College, New York, on 3 and 4 December 1971.
Track listing.
Original release
"All songs by John Mayall"

</doc>
<doc id="20305726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305726" title="Warren Bonython">
Warren Bonython

Charles Warren Bonython, AO (11 September 1916 – 2 April 2012) was an Australian conservationist, explorer, author, and chemical engineer. A keen bushwalker, he is perhaps best known for his role, spanning many years, of working towards the promotion, planning and eventual creation of the Heysen Trail. His work in conservation has been across a range of issues, but especially those connected with South Australian arid landscapes.
Early years.
Bonython was born in Adelaide, South Australia, to John Lavington Bonython (later Sir John), and Constance Jean, née Warren (Lady Jean Bonython). His grandfather was Sir John Langdon Bonython. He had one brother (Kym Bonython), one sister (Katherine Downer Verco), a half-brother (John Langdon Bonython) and two half-sisters (Lady Elizabeth (Betty) Hornabrook Wilson and Ada Bray Heath). (See John Lavington Bonython#Family for more detail.)
Industrial career.
Bonython studied chemical engineering at Adelaide University. Upon graduating with a Bachelor of Science, he accepted a position with ICI Australia Ltd. There he conducted research and management in the solar salt industry, from 1940 to 1966, and served for 20 years as manager of the salt fields at Dry Creek in Adelaide. At the age of 50 he retired from his industrial career in 1966 in order to devote his time to his many other interests.
Conservation and exploration.
Bonython's lifetime interests in conservation and exploration were first publicly recognised by his appointment as President, Royal Geographical Society of Australasia, South Australian Branch, in 1959.
Notable Achievements.
Bonython is credited with the conception of the Heysen Trail. 
In 1973, he and friend Charles McCubbin walked 463 kilometres north-south across the Simpson Desert, pulling a 250-kilogram loaded trailer dubbed "the Comalco Camel", the trek lasting 32 days. 
In 1982, he and companion walker Terry Kreig became the first white people to walk the 500 km around the shores of Lake Eyre.
At the age of 75, he climbed Mount Kilimanjaro.
Committees and awards.
Source:
Personal.
In his early years, Warren Bonython owned the first MG sports car in South Australia, and set the speed record on Sellicks Beach.
He married Cynthia Eyres Young, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Young of Romalo Avenue Magill, on 12 April 1941 at the Church of the Epiphany at Crafers.
He began bushwalking while living in Melbourne in the 1940s. With his wife Cynthia, (known as Bunty), together they walked through the Dandenong and Cathedral Ranges. With the birth of the first of their three children, (Simon, Veryan and Alice), Bunty decided against further bushwalking, but supported him in his subsequent walks. After World War II, he returned with his family to Adelaide, and from this base continued to plan long walks, in outback South Australia and elsewhere. His walks included: walking the length of the MacDonnell Ranges; the Larapinta Trail; Lake Eyre; Northern India to the border of Kashmir; the Sierra Club’s high trek in Nevada; climbing the mountains of Maui and walking through the craters; numerous visits to New Zealand; the Everest Trek; and the 463 km crossing of the Simpson Desert, described in his book "Walking the Simpson Desert".
Except for the period in Melbourne, the Bonythons lived their entire married life in "Romalo House", (located at 24 Romalo Avenue, Magill, South Australia), having bought the home and adjacent land from Bunty's parents. In 2000 it was announced: "The undeveloped allotment at 22 Romalo Avenue Magill, formerly owned by Warren and Bunty Bonython, is being amalgamated with the adjoining walkway to form a reserve to be known as Young Park. This has been made possible through the generosity of the Bonythons and assistance from the State Government Open Space Planning and Development Fund."
From an early age, Bunty Bonython has had a deep interest and love of history. Her written works include a brief history of Beaumont House, and two books about St George's Church Magill, where she has been the honorary historian for many years. 
A funeral service for Warren was conducted on 12 April 2012 in St Peters Cathedral.
Publications.
Incomplete list:

</doc>
<doc id="20305750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305750" title="Amba Research">
Amba Research

Amba Research is a Knowledge Process Outsourcing (KPO) firm providing investment research and analytics support services to the global capital markets industry. The firm has delivery centers in Bangalore (India), Colombo (Sri Lanka) and San Jose (Costa Rica), with sales offices in New York (USA), London (UK) and Singapore. Amba Research offers investment research services across multiple asset classes including equities, fixed income and credit, and quantitative research, while also providing financial institutions services such as sales and marketing support, regulatory compliance support, and corporate finance services. Amba's delivery centers are ISO 27001 certified for information security.
In 2010, according to the "2010 Outsourcing Yearbook" by the National Outsourcing Association, the company was "the largest pure-play investment research provider, and furthermore...the only firm run by experienced Wall Street professionals."
In 2011, Amba Research announced that it had ranked amongst the top 3 KPO (Knowledge Process Outsourcing) service providers in the 2010 Black Book of Outsourcing survey.
History.
Amba Research was founded in 2003 by four senior directors of research from Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank, and JP Morgan: Andrew Houston, Mohan Alexander, Brad West, and Anand Aithal. It opened its first facility in October 2003 in Sri Lanka and its second office in June 2004 in Singapore. In February 2005, Amba Research entered India, and in June 2006, the firm launched operations in Costa Rica. The company's name is a combination of the first letter of each of the founders' names.
According to Amba Research, it ranked the top Investment Research Support Provider in the 2010 Black Book of Outsourcing survey. The NOA Outsourcing Yearbook 2010, published by the National Outsourcing Association (NOA), UK, included Amba Research in its "Ones to Watch" section.
Services provided.
Amba Research offers the following services:
Operating offices.
Amba Research has offices around the world in the following locations:
Amba Research Costa Rica was ranked the 5th great place to work in Costa Rica and the 29th in Central America & the Caribbean in the "2012 Great Place to Work" Central America and the Caribbean Survey.

</doc>
<doc id="20305764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305764" title="Great Bombay Textile Strike">
Great Bombay Textile Strike

The Great Bombay Textile Strike was a textile strike called on 18 January 1982 by the mill workers of Bombay under trade union leader Dutta Samant. The purpose of the strike was to obtain bonus and wage increases. Nearly 250,000 workers and more than 50 textile mills went on strike in Bombay.
History of Mills in Bombay.
Built in 1887, "Swadeshi" was Bombay's first textile mill, the first of the factories that spread over many part of the island city in the next decades. Rastriya Mill Mazdoor Sangh was the officially recongnized union of the Mills. By 1982, a new militant union leader by the name of Datta Samant had arrived on the scene. Earlier he had got major wage increases for workers of Premier Automobiles and a section of the Mill workers were hoping for the same. The major difference between Premier Automobiles and the Mills was that the former was a very profitable company and the mills were all sick units. Later that year Datta Samant led the textile strike, over 240,000 people worked in Girangaon.
Protests.
In late 1981, Dutta Samant was chosen by a large group of Bombay mill workers to lead them in a precarious conflict between the Bombay Millowners Association and the unions, thus rejecting the INTUC-affiliated Rashtriya Mill Mazdoor Sangh which had represented the mill workers for decades. Samant planned a massive strike forcing the entire industry of the city to be shut down for over a year.It was estimated that nearly 250,000 workers went on strike and more than 50 textile mills were shut in Bombay. 
Samant demanded that, along with wage hikes, the government scrap the Bombay Industrial Act of 1947 and that the RMMS would not longer be the only official union of the city industry. While fighting for greater pay and better conditions for workers, Samant and his allies also sought to capitalize and establish their power on the trade union scene in Mumbai. Although Samant had links with the Congress and Maharashtra politician Abdul Rehman Antulay, Prime Minister Indira Gandhi considered him a serious political threat. Samant's control of the mill workers made Gandhi and other Congress leaders fear that his influence would spread to the port and dock workers and make him the most powerful union leader in India's commercial capital. Thus the government took a firm stance of rejecting Samant's demands and refusing to budge despite the severe economic losses suffered by the city and the industry. As the strike progressed through the months, Samant's militancy in the face of government obstinacy led to the failure of any attempts at negotiation. Disunity and dissatisfaction over the strike soon became apparent, and many textile mill owners began moving their plants outside the city. After a prolonged and destabilizing confrontation, the strike collapsed with no concessions having been obtained for the workers. The closure of textile mills across the city left tens of thousands of mill workers unemployed and, in the succeeding years, most of the industry moved away from Bombay after decades of being plagued by rising costs and union militancy. Although Samant remained popular with a large block of union activists, his clout and control over Bombay trade unions disappeared.
Consequences.
The majority of the over 80 mills in Central Mumbai closed during and after the strike, leaving more than 150,000 workers unemployed. Textile industry in Mumbai has largely disappeared, reducing labour migration after the strikes.
Popular culture.
The city was remade by the Dutta Samant-led textile strike. Many Bollywood film directors started making politically relevant films on textile strikes in Bombay, and textile mill strikes have become an important theme of modern day Indian films. Producer Sangeeta Ahir, daughter-in-law of Bombay’s underworld don-turned-politician Arun Gawli’s sister, is making a film on the Great Bombay Textile Strike worker movement of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="20305776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305776" title="Križna Gora">
Križna Gora

Križna Gora (; ) is a small settlement above Visoko in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Mass graves.
Križna Gora is the site of a mass grave and an unmarked grave from the Second World War. The Gorge Peak Mass Grave () lies in a sinkhole in the woods about 500 m south of Holy Cross Church. It contains the remains of a family of four from Kranj that was murdered by the Partisans during the war. The Križna Gora Grave () lies on a steep slope west of the house at Križna Gora no. 22. It contains the remains of a local female civilian that was shot by Partisan political activists.
Church.
The local church on a hill above the settlement is dedicated to the Holy Cross and was built around 1500. It contains many well-preserved frescos from 1502 that depict the legends of Saint Ulrich, to whom the church was dedicated until 1867, and of Saint Corbinian. Some of the frescos in the nave, dating to around 1530, are believed to be by Jernej of Loka. The hill with the church is a popular destination for short outings by locals.

</doc>
<doc id="20305779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305779" title="Mexican Federal Highway 85D">
Mexican Federal Highway 85D

Mexican Federal Highway 85D is a pair of toll routes ("autopistas"), one from Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, to Monterrey, Nuevo León, known as Autopista Monterrey–Nuevo Laredo and the other from Pachuca, Hidalgo, to Mexico City, known as Autopista Pachuca–Ciudad de México. Both toll routes run parallel to their free alternative, Mexican Federal Highway 85. Highway 85D has wider lanes offers a more direct route and is continuously being repaired and repaved unlike the free route.
Autopista Monterrey–Nuevo Laredo.
MFH85D in Nuevo Laredo starts at the World Trade International Bridge and ends near Del Norte International Airport in Apodaca, a suburb of northern Monterrey, where the toll highway merges onto Mexican Federal Highway 85. The route from Nuevo Laredo to Monterrey is a four lane divided highway that is 123.1 kilometers long and charges a toll of MXN$177). Autopista 85D passes through several cities and small towns including:
Autopista Pachuca–Ciudad de México.
The route from Pachuca to Mexico City is 45.8 kilometers long and charges a toll MXN$33). Autopista Pachuca–Ciudad de México starts near El Dorado, Hidalgo where MFH85 splits into MFH85 and MFH85D and ends in Ecatepec de Morelos, a Mexico City suburb, where it merges onto MFH85. Autopista 85D passes through several cities and small towns including:
2013 road accident.
On 7 May 2013, the gas tanker of a tanker truck exploded after a crash with a collition wall. It killed 26 people and injuring 36.

</doc>
<doc id="20305787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305787" title="Chile Route 203">
Chile Route 203

International Route 203-CH is a branch line road going eastward from Lanco at Chile Highway 5 to Huahum Pass at the border to Argentina. Some settlements along the road includes: Lanco, Malalhue, Panguipulli and Neltume. The road is paved from Laco to the north side of Panguipulli Lake where it becomes a gravel road. 

</doc>
<doc id="20305815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305815" title="Chudleigh Knighton Halt railway station">
Chudleigh Knighton Halt railway station

Chudleigh Knighton Halt was on the Teign Valley Line serving the small village of Chudleigh Knighton, Devon, England. The halt, built by the Great Western Railway at a later date than most of the other stations on the line, was located on the west side of Pipehouse Lane off the B3344, to the south of the village.
The first station was constructed of timber with a small corrugated iron pagoda shelter and a simple nameboard, at a cost £300. After WW2 a concrete platform was provided. A level crossing was located at the platform end. The track was still in situ in 1969, but goods facilities were withdrawn on 4 December 1967.
Passenger numbers reached their peak in the 1930s with seven daily services provided each way between Exeter and Heathfield. During World War 2 this was reduced to four trains in each direction, still with no trains on a Sunday. This was increased to five daily trains after the war.
The A38 road now runs over the site of the halt and nothing remains of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20305820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305820" title="Astragalus oophorus">
Astragalus oophorus

Astragalus oophorus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name egg milkvetch. It is native to the western United States, mainly California and Nevada, though one variety can be found as far east as Colorado. It is a plant of sagebrush and other dry habitat.
Description.
"Astragalus oophorus" is a perennial herb with a stout, mostly hairless stem reaching up to about 30 centimeters in length. Leaves are up to 15 centimeters long and are made up of many oval to rounded leaflets. The inflorescence is an array of 4 to 10 flowers each up to 2 or 2.5 centimeters long. The flowers are cream-colored or reddish purple with white tips. The fruit is an inflated legume pod, oval in shape and bladder-like, reaching 2 to over 5 centimeters long.
Varieties.
There are several varieties of "Astragalus oophorus", including:

</doc>
<doc id="20305828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305828" title="Changing Woman (album)">
Changing Woman (album)

Changing Woman was Buffy Sainte-Marie's eleventh studio album and her second and last for MCA Records.
Whereas her other MCA album, "Buffy" had been a continuation of the style of her last Vanguard albums, "She Used to Wanna Be a Ballerina", "Moonshot" and "Quiet Places", "Changing Woman" was a return to electronic sounds as on her 1992 comeback "Coincidence and Likely Stories".
Track listing.
All songs written by Buffy Sainte-Marie unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20305839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305839" title="Stable on the Strand">
Stable on the Strand

Stable on the Strand is an annual Christmas event in the Australian city of Townsville, described as "part installation, part fun fair and part theatrical performance". For five days before Christmas (18–22 December) each year, Townsville’s major ocean-front park, The Strand is transformed into the historic town of Bethlehem, complete with Roman soldiers, traditional craftspeople, livestock, shepherds and of course Mary, Joseph and baby Jesus. The event attracts up to 40,000 visitors a year.
History.
The Stable was created in the youth centre in Mount Louisa in 1999, having been designed by Jay Goodwin and organised by Anne Harley, and was attended by ca. 120 people on the opening night. In 2002, it moved to the Strand and acquired its current name.
The story.
An interactive re-creation of the traditional Christmas story, Stable on the Strand is a free event for the whole family, and is fast becoming a Christmas tradition for families in the Townsville region. Christmas 2007 saw over 40,000 visitors enjoy the ambiance of Bethlehem 2000 years ago, before heading to the adjacent stage on the beach to be entertained by talented performers, including Colin Buchanan. Plenty of kids’ activities, keep the young ones entertained, while the older visitors enjoy a complimentary slice of fruitcake and cuppa. It depends on up to 1000 volunteers per year.
Awards.
In 2002, it was awarded the honour of Townsville’s Event of the Year and the organiser Anne Harley was Townsville’s Citizen of the Year in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20305865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305865" title="Claudine Munari">
Claudine Munari

Claudine Munari Mabondzo (born 1954) is a Congolese politician. She was Director of the Cabinet of President Pascal Lissouba from 1992 to 1997. Although Munari fled into exile when Lissouba was ousted, she later returned to politics in Congo-Brazzaville; she was a Deputy in the National Assembly from 2002 to 2009 and was also the Second Secretary of the National Assembly from 2007 to 2009. Since September 2009, she has served in the government as Minister of Trade.
Background and early career.
Munari was born in Pointe-Noire, Congo-Brazzaville's second city and main port. She obtained a degree in econometrics and worked at Citroën, an automobile manufacturer in France, from 1976 to 1981. Subsequently she returned to Congo and was the Administrative and Financial Director of CIATA, a French consultancy firm, from 1982 to 1991.
1990s political career, exile, and 2001 corruption trial.
Munari met Pascal Lissouba at the 1991 Sovereign National Conference, and soon afterward Lissouba appointed her to a leading position in his newly created political party, the Pan-African Union for Social Democracy (UPADS), as Assistant in charge of Finance and Material. After Lissouba won the August 1992 presidential election, he appointed her as Director of the Cabinet of the President of the Republic. In that post, Munari held the rank of Minister. She additionally became the Mayor of Mouyondzi in 1996.
An advocate for women, Munari promoted the cause of increasing women's participation in the decision-making of society, and she founded the "Femme 2000" association, a non-governmental organization working for improvement of the socioeconomic status of women, on 24 March 1993.
Munari remained in her post as Director of the Presidential Cabinet for five years. When Lissouba was ousted at the end of the June–October 1997 civil war, Munari—like Lissouba—went into exile, living in France. She was included in the Patriotic Front for Dialogue and National Reconciliation (FPDRN), a moderate exile group created in France in October 2000; the group favored peace and reconciliation, choosing not to challenge the legitimacy of President Denis Sassou Nguesso, who had toppled Lissouba. Munari returned to Congo-Brazzaville as part of a FPDRN delegation to participate in the March–April 2001 inclusive national dialogue.
Munari testified at the trial of Lissouba and some of his ministers "in absentia" in December 2001. At the trial, it was said that the 150 million dollars paid by Occidental Petroleum as part of an allegedly corrupt 1993 oil deal with Lissouba's government was paid into Munari's personal bank account. According to Munari, the money was used to cover costs associated with the 1993 parliamentary election and to pay salary arrears to civil servants. Munari herself also initially faced charges during the trial, but they were dismissed on 27 December 2001 on the grounds that she had merely followed Lissouba's orders.
Political career since 2002.
In the May 2002 parliamentary election, she was elected to the National Assembly as an independent candidate in Mouyondzi constituency, located in Bouenza Region; she won the seat in the first round with 72.55% of the vote. She also became Vice-President of the Congo-France Friendship Group.
In the 2007 parliamentary election, Munari was re-elected to the National Assembly from Mouyondzi constituency as an independent candidate. She received 30.80% in the first round and then prevailed in the second round. Following that election, Munari—who had joined the presidential majority—was elected as Second Secretary of the National Assembly on 4 September 2007; she received 121 votes from the 129 deputies who voted.
In the National Assembly, Munari focused on cooperation with the Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) and the Network of Female Parliamentarians of Africa. Munari also founded a political party, the Movement for Unity, Solidarity, and Work (MUST), and serves as its President.
Munari supported Sassou Nguesso's candidacy in the July 2009 presidential election. When the National Initiative for Peace (INP)—an organization designed to support Sassou Nguesso's re-election bid while emphasizing the importance of peace—was launched on 28 February 2009, Munari was included on the INP's 91-member National Coordination.
Minister of Trade.
Munari was appointed to the government as Minister of Trade and Supplies by President Sassou Nguesso on 15 September 2009. She met with Jeanne Dambendzet, her predecessor as Minister of Trade, on 24 September to discuss issues facing the ministry, including Economic Partnership Agreements with the European Union and internal trade issues, such as rising food prices. Munari said that she would continue to consult with Dambendzet when needed.
Having been appointed to the government, it was necessary for Munari to leave the National Assembly. On 22 December 2009, Joseph Kignoumbi Kia Mboungou officially succeeded her as Second Secretary of the National Assembly. On that occasion, Munari stressed to Kignoumbi Kia Mboungou the importance of continuing to work with the IPU and the Network of Female Parliamentarians of Africa. She joked that she was "not asking to wear a skirt" but expressed confidence that the network would listen to him.
In the July–August 2012 parliamentary election, she was re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate in Mouyondzi constituency. She won the seat in the second round of voting, receiving 60.02% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="20305867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305867" title="Birla Institute of Technology – Science and Technology Entrepreneurs' Park">
Birla Institute of Technology – Science and Technology Entrepreneurs' Park

Birla Institute of Technology - Science and Technology Entrepreneurs’ Park (BIT-STEP) (earlier "Small Industries Research and Development organization") at Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra, Ranchi is the first Science and Technology Entrepreneurs’ Park approved and established by National Science and Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board (NSTEBD), Department of Science and Technology, Government of India. The Science and Technology Entrepreneurs’ Park (STEP) programme was initiated to provide a reorientation in approach to innovation and entrepreneurship involving education, training, research, finance, management, and government
History.
The visionary founder of Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra (BIT Mesra), the late Shri B. M. Birla, realized the grievous unemployment scenario for young engineers in the country in the late sixties. BIT is situated in a rural area 16 km from Ranchi, the centre of India’s coal and steel industries and the location of the Heavy Engineering Corporation. Realising the importance of close interplay between technological institutions and industry, BIT took the step of establishing a Department of Industrial Research in 1964.
The Department was to identify areas of research and to develop and commercialise products and processes within the competence of the staff and of direct interest to neighbouring coal, steel and other heavy industries. However, since markets were small, large industries were not interested in producing the products developed; and since the products were somewhat sophisticated they were beyond the capabilities of existing small firms. Hence, BIT decided to develop and promote a new type of small industry run by its own technically competent graduates. Since this scheme was beyond the capacity of the Industrial Research Department, BIT approached its sister organisation, the Birla Institute of Scientific Research (BISR), for assistance and received funds to set up service facilities, equipped and staffed, for the purpose of motivating and helpimg technical graduates to take up small industries based on BIT’s technological developments. This resulted in establishment of the Small Industries Research and Development organization (SIRDO) in 1970.
Following this, a major commercial bank agreed to finance the small units without the usual constraints regarding collateral. This venture was appreciated by the Government of Bihar, which provided financial assistance and in 1978 it was decided that the scheme should be registered as an independent society known as the Small Industry Research, Training and Development Organisation (SIRTDO). BIT extended all support to entrepreneurs concerning technical know-how, financing through bank, sheds, marketing etc. SIRTDO was recognized as an R & D Centre by the Government of India. It also received support from the British Council and the Intermediate Technology Development Group of the United Kingdom.
The Government of India also appreciated the idea of employment generation through Small Scale Industries involving Technical Institutions. The Science and Technology Entrepreneurs’ Park (STEP) programme was initiated by the National Science and Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board (NSTEBD), Department of Science and Technology, Government of India, in 1984, to provide a reorientation in approach to innovation and entrepreneurship involving education, training, research, finance, management, and government. The pioneering work initiated and nurtured by the Institute through SIRDO and SIRTDO was the envisioned basis for the NSTEBD concept. BIT-STEP came into existence as a registered society in 1985, as the first STEP in the country. It received financial assistance from the Government of India. A major commercial bank IDBI also collaborated with BIT-STEP to help financing the scheme. During 1985-86, IDBI committed assistance of Rs. 1.43 crore to BIT-STEP.
Objectives.
BIT-STEP’s aims have to be considered within the overall goals of BIT - which themselves were formulated in the context of State industrial development. BIT-STEP aims:
The strategic importance of the scheme is twofold. First, by showing that firms can achieve the quality of production of existing iarge-scale units but can also cope with small orders, offer competitive prices, and still make a profit, BIT-STEP hopes both to increase the rate of industrialisation in the Ranchi area and to support the State effort relating to the growth of small industries. Second, the distinctive training programme (which combines careful product selection, R&D, with appropriate amounts and types of support) should enable young entrepreneurs not only to gain confidence in their own abilities to make sound technoeconomic decisions, but also to see their businesses within the context of the state development effort and to act accordingly.
Success stories.
A number of industries came up successfully for development and manufacture of import substitutes and other items. Fifteen industries are presently running successfully under BIT-STEP, providing employment to about three hundred (mostly local) people. Some of the Companies started up from this scheme are

</doc>
<doc id="20305875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305875" title="Guamia">
Guamia

Guamia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the soursop family, Annonaceae. The sole species it contains, Guamia mariannae, is endemic to the Marianas Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20305883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305883" title="Newlands Forest">
Newlands Forest

Newlands Forest is a conservancy area on the eastern slopes of Table Mountain, beside the suburb of Newlands, Cape Town. It is owned and maintained by the Table Mountain National Parks Board, along with the City Parks Department of Cape Town, and includes a Fire Station, Nursery and Reservoir.
The forest itself is a popular walking and jogging destination (See trail map below), close and easily accessible from the city's southern suburbs. Due to its location on the mountain slopes, there are impressive views eastward over the Cape Flats.
Flora & Fauna.
Newlands Forest lies at a natural transition zone between endangered Granite Fynbos and Peninsula Shale Fynbos, in an area that also originally supported large indigenous forests.
In the late 1800s, much of the indigenous forests were felled, and the fynbos cleared, to make way for commercial pine plantations, which still remain and account for the remainder of the land.
Peninsula Granite Fynbos.
This is an endangered vegetation type, which can still be found on the southern edges of Newlands Forest. This ecosystem is endemic to the city of Cape Town and occurs nowhere else in the world.
Existing only on the Cape Granite Formation, it naturally assumes the form of medium-dense tree vegetation, dominated by a variety of Protea and daisy species. The striking and iconic Silvertree grows in this vegetation type and a small population of these massive proteas can still be seen at Newlands forest. Historically this ecosystem supported a great many wild animals and there are at least 9 plant species which occur nowhere else in the world. <br>
This vegetation is severely threatened, mainly by invasive alien plants. A total of 13 of this ecosystem's plant species are classed as endangered, two of them critically. One local species, the Wynberg Conebush, is now extinct.
Peninsula Shale Fynbos.
This is actually a type of Cape Winelands Shale Fynbos, which is mainly found far to the east of Cape Town in the "Boland" region. The patch that occurs around Newlands Forest is a natural outlier, isolated in the middle of Cape Town. <br>
Indigenous Afrotemperate Forest.
Newlands Forest lies in an area that used to naturally support large, dense, shady indigenous forests.<br>
Such forests proliferated on the Cape Peninsula in areas that were partially or totally protected from seasonal fires. Wherever fires are naturally more frequent, the forests give way to various types of fynbos. However, the streams and kloofs of Newlands ensure that fires are relatively infrequent here.
Several patches of indigenous forest survive at Newlands, mostly higher up the mountainside where historically they were safer from logging. <br>
Mature examples of this forest are dominated by several species of massive tree which compose the tallest canopy; smaller trees which form lower layers of foliage; and a variety of ferns, herbs, bushes, bulbs, vines and lianas (e.g. "Asparagus scandens", "Rhoicissus tomentosa").
Though not as rich in biodiversity as the various types of Cape Fynbos, these woodlands still contain a wide variety of plants and animals, some of which occur nowhere else in the world.
The Newlands Forest Nursery is engaged in a project to grow indigenous trees and plant them out, with the aim of eventually rehabilitating the original forests.<br>
The major threats come from invasive alien plants such as Australian Cheesewood, Bugweed, Black Wattle, Lantana, Privet and Pine trees. Indigenous afrotemperate forests such as those at Newlands have a significant socio-economic value, due to their use for recreation such as hiking, their role in preserving the Western Cape's water supply, and their natural production of an enormous range of medicinal plants.
Pine and Gum plantations.
In Newlands Forest, there are also 2 types of commercial plantation, Pines ("Pinus radiata", "Pinus pinaster") from Europe and America, and Gums ("Eucalyptus lehmannii") from Australia. <br>
Over many decades, large swaths of the Cape Peninsula were cleared of their indigenous vegetation types to make way for commercial logging, and these two species were imported and cultivated en masse to supply the Cape timber industry. These species were chosen for their fast growth, the quality of their wood and their straight uniform growth which made them easy to harvest. However, they rapidly spread and became invasive.
When the logging was eventually stopped, the final crop of trees was allowed to remain un-harvested, and today forms an important recreational area for the inhabitants of the surrounding suburbs.
Both the pines and the eucalyptus("gum") trees are Category 2 invasive weeds, which rapidly seed into the surrounding indigenous forests and fynbos. The invasive trees then gradually outgrow and kill these surrounding ecosystems.<br>
In addition, the leaf-litter of pines and gums changes the pH of the surrounding soil, poisoning other plant life. The trees probably evolved this feature to kill competing plants, and it is so effective that pine or gum forests in southern Africa eventually turn into monocultures or "green deserts". Consequently, on-going maintenance is needed to keep these trees contained within the plantations. There is also a policy in place to regularly "thin" the remaining plantations so as to allow some other species to survive in between the pines.
History.
The original inhabitants of the area were undoubtedly the Khoi-khoi, who migrated and herded their cattle over much of what is now the city of Cape Town.
Jan van Riebeeck (the first Dutch governor of the Cape Colony) came across the extensive indigenous forests on the eastern slopes of Table Mountain and called them collectively ""Boschenheuwel"". Due to the need for timber, the local afro-temperate forests were, by the late seventeenth century, being severely over-exploited, and the colonial government issued a series of (largely ineffectual) laws to protect the forests. By the close of the eighteenth century most were gone, excepting a few pockets on the steep upper slopes of the mountain.
As indigenous wood supplies declined, the authorities decided to clear the eastern slopes of Table Mountain for commercial plantations. Fast-growing tree species such as "Eucalyptus" and "Pinus radiata" were chosen, and imported for cultivation. These trees also had the advantage of being tall, uniform and straight – all the more suitable for efficient logging.
The two World Wars each caused a boom in the timber industry and the size of the forests grew. After the subsequent decline in Cape Town's logging industry, some of the plantations were removed to allow for the return of the original natural vegetation. In other places such as Newlands Forest, the final crop was allowed to remain, unharvested, and the area recently took on a new function as a recreational area.
Buildings and Infrastructure.
The Fire Station operates emergency bushfire operations from the Newlands base, running water dumps with three helicopters. The Fire Station also serves as the Headquarters of the growing Volunteer Wildfire Services (VWS) fire fighting group.
The City Parks Nursery (See Map Image) is maintained and run to supply the public areas of Cape Town with a wide range of flora. Including four large green houses and a large expanse of growing land, the City Parks team grow a wide range of plants to be used in the Centre Islands of Cape Towns highways and public service areas. <br>
It has also recently begun a project to grow and reintroduce indigenous species of tree to Newlands Forest, with the long-term aim of rehabilitating the original afro-temperate forests.
The Newlands Reservoir (See Map Image) was built in the 60's by the then Afrikaans Government. A tribute to South African engineering and construction of the time, it serves as the main potable water source to the Southern Suburbs of Cape Town. Water is stored, treated and distributed from this site.
Also included in the conservancy land are a number of Council Houses owned by the City Parks Board. Of the eight houses, one is particularly well known for its classical design and scenic location. The original building, constructed in 1965, underwent minor alterations between 2000–2003. However a large part of the original building was maintained.
The home, affectionately known by residents as ""The Reservoir"", has been home to a few well known Cape Town residents since it was built. Perhaps the best known resident being Father Kevin Robarts, a popular figure well known in the Newlands Parish. Since Father Robarts' passing in late 2007, the house has been maintained by his remaining family. In 2010, Father Pearce took over from the Father Robarts officially. Father Pearce has long been known in the region for accompanying his sermons with his guitar playing. On 1 January 2010, to mark the occasion of being appointed as the parish leader officially, Father Pearce is said to have walked the entire length and breadth of the forest, blessing it as he went.

</doc>
<doc id="20305892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305892" title="Hsin Chong Group">
Hsin Chong Group

The Hsin Chong Group is a professional manufacturer of automotive parts, who specializes in interior parts. Customers are located in many different parts of the world. In Asia, it is the first tier OEM supplier to some of world's most renowned car companies (such as Ford, Toyota, GM, Honda, etc.). In other regions (such as the American and European markets), it is both a first and second tier manufacturer. Hsin Chong Group is currently one of the "Big Five" OEM firms in Taiwan, who owns and operates more than 20 factories and offices all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20305896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305896" title="Astragalus oxyphysus">
Astragalus oxyphysus

Astragalus oxyphysus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Mt. Diablo milkvetch. It is endemic to central California, where it grows in dry grassland and scrub habitat in the Central Valley and the adjacent Inner Coast Ranges and Sierra Nevada foothills.
Description.
"Astragalus oxyphysus" is a robust perennial herb forming clumps of erect, leafy stems up to 80 centimeters tall. Leaves are up to 17 centimeters long and are made up of many lance-shaped leaflets. The plant flowers in large inflorescences of up to 65 flowers each. 
The individual flower is cream-colored and at least 2 centimeters long. The fruit is a hanging legume pod up to 4 centimeters long. It is inflated but narrow and dries to a thin, almost transparent papery texture.

</doc>
<doc id="20305898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305898" title="David Gilbert">
David Gilbert

David Gilbert may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20305907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305907" title="Sveti Lenart, Škofja Loka">
Sveti Lenart, Škofja Loka

Sveti Lenart () is a village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Sveti Lenart" (literally, 'Saint Leonard') to "Lenart nad Lušo" (literally, 'Leonard above Luša') in 1955. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. The name "Sveti Lenart" was restored in 2003.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Leonard. The original church was gothic, but was rebuilt after a fire in 1852. The church was again demolished in the Second World War. The current building was designed by the architect Janez Valentinčič.

</doc>
<doc id="20305927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305927" title="Mbella Sonne Dipoko">
Mbella Sonne Dipoko

Mbella Sonne Dipoko (1936 in Douala – December 5, 2009 in Tiko) was a novelist, poet and painter from Cameroon. He is widely considered to be one of the foremost writers of Anglophone Cameroonian literature.

</doc>
<doc id="20305928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305928" title="Anneli Hulthén">
Anneli Hulthén

Anneli Maria Hulthén (born July 27, 1960) is a Swedish Social Democratic Party politician. She is currently the chairman of the Gothenburg Municipality executive board., a position similar to Mayor.
Hultén won the Politician Award at the 2011 World Entrepreneurship Forum in Singapore, for her work with Business Region Göteborg and their programmes "Expedition Forward", "Business Emergency Programme" and "Brew House Incubator".

</doc>
<doc id="20305936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305936" title="Lipica, Škofja Loka">
Lipica, Škofja Loka

Lipica () is a small settlement on the left bank of the Sora River in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20305946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305946" title="Stef Curtis">
Stef Curtis

Stefanie Leanne "Stef" Curtis (born 5 December 1983) is a footballer who plays for Bristol Academy in the FA WSL. She is also a senior Republic of Ireland international. Curtis plays mainly as a midfielder or forward, but has also provided cover as an emergency goalkeeper.
Club career.
In 2009–10 Curtis played her club football for Chelsea Ladies in the FA Women's Premier League National Division, the top level of women's football in England. She had previously joined Bristol Academy from South Bristol Wanderers in 1999 when the club was known as Bristol Rovers W.F.C., and became one of their longest serving players. 
A cash-crisis at Bristol Academy in summer 2009 led to the departure of Manager Gary Green and several leading players. Corinne Yorston left for Arsenal, Curtis for Chelsea and Gwennan Harries for Everton.
In December 2010, Curtis was revealed to have signed for Birmingham City's FA WSL squad. After a campaign disrupted by injury, her return to Bristol Academy was announced in March 2012.
International career.
Curtis plays international football for the Republic of Ireland women's national football team. In October 2009 she suffered a serious cruciate ligament injury during a World Cup qualifier in Kazakhstan.

</doc>
<doc id="20305954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305954" title="Kharkov Klezmer Band">
Kharkov Klezmer Band

The Kharkov Klezmer Band (Харьков Клезмер Бенд), also known as the Kharkiv Klezmer Band (Харків Клезмер Бенд), is a klezmer band from Kharkiv, Ukraine. 
The band was founded in 1999 (in a country in which, as part of the Soviet Union, the performance of traditional Jewish music seemed effectively forbidden from the 1930s under Joseph Stalin until the early 1990s), under the leadership of Stanislav Raiko (Станіслав Райко), and comprises a group of conservatory-educated musicians.
According to the "Cradle of Klezmer" website, dedicated exclusively to Klezmer music, it is one of the most successful klezmer bands not only in Ukraine, but also throughout the countries comprising the former Soviet Union. The ensemble won the Best Klezmer Music Band award at the First Regional Jewish Cultural Festival in Kharkiv in June 2000, and was named the Best Klezmer Band at the Jewish Cultural Festival in Kiev, also in June of the same year. They were awarded the Best Klezmer Band award at the 4th All-Ukrainian Jewish Arts Festival "Shalom Ukraïna" in November 2000.
The band has performed in a number of national and international festivals, including the "Klezfest 2000", in Saint Petersburg, Russia, where the violinist, Stanislav Raiko, won the Jury’s Special Prize for Mastery and the "Klezmer Es Irodalom" (Klezmer and Literature) Festival in Budapest in 2000, along with the renowned Hungarian klezmer bands Tikva and Odessa Klezmer Band, as well as at the "KlezFest in Ukraine" ("Клезфест в Україні") regularly since 2000, a Klezmer festival that takes place every year since 1999 in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine. They are also regular guests at the Klezfest in London, starting with the 2001 edition, and have participated in other London events, such as the 2003 "Ex-Bloc Reunion. They participated as well in the Toronto Ashkenaz Festival in 2006, at the 5th Helsinki Klezmer Festival in 2007 with a concert and a klezmer master course, at the in 2008, the LvivKlezFest in July 2010, as well as many other festivals and concerts.
The Kharkiv Klezmer Band is known for its fine, classical technique and its "old-style" playing. In 2001, the ensemble was chosen to give the official welcoming concert for the Israeli President, Moshe Katzav, on his visit to Ukraine in 2001.
Band members.
In 2007, the band was essentially composed of the following four musicians:
whereas it has also included:

</doc>
<doc id="20305969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305969" title="Mentone Girls' Secondary College">
Mentone Girls' Secondary College

Mentone Girls' Secondary College is an all-girl's state school located in Mentone, in the Australian state of Victoria.
College Houses.
The school has four houses. Of these, Jackson House was named in celebration of Marjorie Jackson; Elizabeth Kenny is the namesake of Kenny House; Melba House is named after Nellie Melba and Dorothea Mackellar is the inspiration for Mackellar House.

</doc>
<doc id="20305978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305978" title="Log nad Škofjo Loko">
Log nad Škofjo Loko

Log nad Škofjo Loko () is a village on the right bank of the Poljanščica River in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Log" to "Log nad Škofjo Loko" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20305987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305987" title="Smolajny">
Smolajny

Smolajny (formerly "Smołowo"; in German, "Schmoleinen", "Schmolainen") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies on the Łyna River, approximately north of Dobre Miasto and north of the regional capital Olsztyn. The village has a population of 720.
History.
The Warmian village of Schmoleinen was founded in 1290 near Guttstadt (Dobre Miasto) and Allenstein (Olsztyn) by Ermland (Warmia) Bishop Heinrich Fleming.
From 1350 it served as the summer residence of the prince-bishops of Warmia. It was destroyed by war in 1414, 1454, 1519–21 and 1709 and was rebuilt each time.
In 1945, after the collapse of Nazi Germany, Warmia and Schmoleinen were taken over by the Soviet Union, then transferred to Poland as part of the Recovered Territories. Smolajny has since remained part of Poland.
In 1975–98 Smolajny belonged administratively to Olsztyn Voivodeship.
Monuments.
Located in Smolajny is a former summer palace of the bishops of Warmia built in 1741–46 in the Rococo style by Prince-Bishop Adam Stanisław Grabowski. The palace became the favorite residence of the famous satirist and fabulist, Prince-Bishop Ignacy Krasicki, who had served as Bishop Grabowski's coadjutor. Krasicki established there a beautiful park and built a gate tower (1765). The palace building is presently used by an agricultural school. 
The village also features 18th- and 19th-century houses.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20305993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20305993" title="Jeffrey Wittmer">
Jeffrey Wittmer

Jeffrey Michael Wittmer (born September 30, 1984) in St. Louis, Missouri is a weightlifter for the United States.
Getting his start in his basement gym Jeff won his first 50 competitions. Jeff is featured on the cover of the book "Explosive Lifting for Sports" by Harvey Newton. He holds multiple national titles and records. Jeff graduated from Hazelwood West High School in 2003. After graduation he accepted an invitation to the Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, CO.
At the 2006 World Championships he ranked 26th in the 94 kg category, with a total of 338 kg.
His most notable performances include 5th place at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
He won a silver, and two bronze medals at the 2008 Pan American Championships in Callao, Peru, in the 94 kg category, with a total of 347 kg.
He is known for his extreme flexibility and gutsy performances. Jeff was a favorite to make the 2 man Olympic team for the 2008 Beijing games, but fell just short at the Olympic Trials in Atlanta, GA. 

</doc>
<doc id="20306007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306007" title="Richeza of Berg">
Richeza of Berg

Richenza of Berg ( – 27 September 1125) was the wife of Vladislav I of Bohemia and the Duchess of Bohemia. She was the daughter of count Henry I of Berg and his wife Adelheid of Mochental.
Richenza married Vladislav before 1111; her sister Sophie of Berg married another Přemyslid, Otto II the Black, in 1114. The third sister, Salomea of Berg, married the Duke of Poland Bolesław III Wrymouth in 1115.
In 1125 the dying Vladislav I chose his relative Otto II the Black as his successor, which was also the wish of Vladislav's wife Richenza. Only the intervention of his mother Świętosława changed his mind, and Vladislav reconciled with his brother Soběslav.
After Vladislav's death the disappointed Richenza wanted to move to Zwiefalten monastery, but died on the way on 27 September 1125. She is buried in Reichenbach.

</doc>
<doc id="20306022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306022" title="Moškrin">
Moškrin

Moškrin () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20306023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306023" title="Quarshie">
Quarshie

Quarshie is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20306036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306036" title="Society of the Spectacle LLC">
Society of the Spectacle LLC

Society of the Spectacle, LLC. is a clothing manufacturer based in Costa Mesa, California, founded in 2007 by siblings Namanh V. Hoang and Julianne M. Hoang. Its name was inspired by the book and film of the same name The Society of the Spectacle ("La Société du spectacle") written by Situationist and Marxist theorist, Guy Debord. The company produces men's and women's casual wear with original designs inspired by current social and political issues.
Artwork and social themes.
Society of the Spectacle, also known as S.O.S., was founded with the intent to create an apparel brand that served as wearable artwork which would propagate social awareness by becoming a catalyst for global discussion.
The company's T-shirt graphics depict natural objects that have a subtext of sociopolitical meaning.
The company's first collection included a variety of designs that tackled numerous social issues. Their "Color Me" series of designs included paint-by-numbers drawings of popular super models including Kate Moss, Gemma Ward and Natalia Vodianova, intended to reflect how race is a socially learned concept which is best reflected by how children who are not yet affected by racial socialization respond to the issues of skin color. Other designs incorporated issues such as over consumption, the interlocking directorate of media organizations, and alienation.
Fall 2008's design titled "Rat's in a cage" was an abstract depiction of the exploitation of labor in periphery countries.
Society of the Spectacle's most recent collection was less abstract and included more literal imagery influenced by current issues such as the military industrial complex, war corporatism, revolution and political agendas.
Charitable foundation.
Society of the Spectacle also supports worldwide and local communities through its self-titled foundation launched in 2008. The Society of the Spectacle Foundation is intended to invest a percentage of the company's annual profits to charitable organizations related to major social themes that the company has focused on throughout each season.

</doc>
<doc id="20306039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306039" title="Panorex">
Panorex

Panorex may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20306044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306044" title="Astragalus pachypus">
Astragalus pachypus

Astragalus pachypus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name thickpod milkvetch. It is endemic to California, where it is known from many types of open habitat across the southern half of the state. This is a robust perennial herb forming stands of tough, wiry stems up to 80 centimeters tall. Leaves are up to about 16 centimeters long and are made up of many narrow leaflets. The plant flowers in inflorescences of 4 to 28 cream-colored flowers. The fruit is a sharp-beaked legume pod up to about 3 centimeters long which dries to a leathery, mostly hairless texture. There are two varieties of this species. The rarer, Jaeger's bush milkvetch (var. "jaegeri"), is known mostly from western Riverside County.

</doc>
<doc id="20306053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306053" title="Oldenburg B">
Oldenburg B

The steam locomotives of Oldenburg Class B of the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways were built in the early 1900s for working the metre gauge network on the German island of Wangerooge. 
Initially one example was ordered in 1904 from Freudenstein & Co. in Berlin. This tank engine weighed only 9.4 t when empty and could carry 1.2 m³ of water and 0.35 tonnes of coal. It had a well tank and the coal bunkers were on the left and right hand side of the boiler. The engine drove the second axle and the locomotive had the number 3.
In 1910 a somewhat heavier and larger locomotive was ordered from Hanomag. It weighed in at 12.2 tonnes (service weight). Because this engine acquitted itself well, in 1913 another one was ordered. These two locomotives were given numbers 4 and 5. 
After the formation of the Reichsbahn the engines were taken over, classified as DRG Class 99.02 and given the numbers 99 021–023. In 1942 locomotives 99 021 and 99 022 had to be handed over for wartime duties at the Eastern front where they disappeared without trace.
Number 99 023 remained on Wangerooge and underwent a minor rebuild. It was given larger water tanks, wooden window shutters and an electrically operated lantern. It was retired in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20306075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306075" title="Jesenice railway station">
Jesenice railway station

The Jesenice railway station () is a railway station in the town of Jesenice, Slovenia. It is the last station before the Austrian border.
Destinations served from the station are:
The station building was built between 1953 and 1955 to replace a prewar structure destroyed by Allied air raids in early 1945. Architecturally, the new building is unusually distinctive for a train station in the area, being a stark modernist box faced in white marble and featuring hexagonal windows.
In addition to the station facilities, the building contains a bar, shops, and a restaurant. The two boarding platforms are connected by an underground pedestrian tunnel.

</doc>
<doc id="20306134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306134" title="Astragalus panamintensis">
Astragalus panamintensis

Astragalus panamintensis is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Panamint milkvetch.
Distribution.
It is endemic to Inyo County, California, where it is native to the Panamint Range. It grows from cracks in the limestone cliffs of the desert mountains.
Description.
"Astragalus panamintensis" is a small, brambly perennial herb having wiry, tangled, silvery green stems up to 15 centimeters long. The leaves are up to 12 centimeters long and are made up of a thin central shaft bearing a few widely spaced, pointed linear leaflets. 
The inflorescence holds one to four pinkish-purple flowers, each around a centimeter long. The fruit is a roughly hairy legume pod which is somewhat triangular in cross-section and dries to a papery texture. It may be nearly two centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20306152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306152" title="Reditux">
Reditux

Reditux is the trade name of an intended copy of rituximab, an anti-CD20 antibody used in the treatment of certain lymphomas, leukaemias and rheumatoid arthritis. Reditux is produced by Dr. Reddy's Laboratories, India's largest pharmaceutical company.
Reditux was launched on April 30th, 2007 in Hydrabad, India.
Unlike conventional small molecule medicines, which can easily be copied and manufactured, large biological molecules such as antibodies cannot (hence the term 'biosimilar'). Biosimilars may have different molecular structure, purity, and functional characteristics, and consequently they cannot be considered the same molecule (in the way that many generic medicines can). The safety and efficacy of Reditux has yet to be proven in a published clinical trial.
Since 2011, Reditux has produced by CinnaGen with Dr Reddy's license. 
References.
Some South-American countries have questioned the security of this drug. http://elcomercio.pe/lima/724847/noticia-cuestionan-cualidades-farmaco-usado-tratamientos-oncologicos_1

</doc>
<doc id="20306158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306158" title="Paul Wirtz (Swedish Pomerania)">
Paul Wirtz (Swedish Pomerania)

Paul Wirtz, born in Husum, Dithmarschen, was a Swedish Pomeranian general major and commander of the Stettin fortress from 1657 to 1659. He successfully withstood a siege of Brandenburgian troops in 1659, in a counterattack captured their ammunition depot, and forced their withdrawal. From 1661 to 1664, he was vice governor of Swedish Pomerania.
Sources.
Werner Buchholz, "Pommern", Siedler, 1999, pp. 274,276, ISBN 3-88680-272-8

</doc>
<doc id="20306167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306167" title="African Americans in France">
African Americans in France

African Americans (also referred to as Black Americans, Afro-Americans) in France are a subgroup of the larger American population in France, it may include people of African American heritage or black people from the United States who are or have become residents or citizens of France as well as students and temporary workers. Tyler Stovall, a history professor at the University of California, Berkeley, is quoted as saying,
""In many ways, African Americans came to France as a sort of privileged minority, a kind of model minority, if you will - a group that benefited not only from French fascination with blackness, but a French fascination about Americanness.""
African American migration to France.
African Americans, who are largely descended from Africans of the American colonial era, have lived and worked in France since the 1800s. Unofficial figures indicate that up to 50,000 free blacks emigrated to Paris from Louisiana in the decades after Napoleon sold the territory to the United States in 1803. Paris saw the beginnings of an African-American community in the aftermath of World War I when about 200,000 were brought over to fight. Ninety per cent of these soldiers were from the American South. Many black GIs decided to stay in France after having been well received by the French, and others followed them. France was viewed by many African Americans as a welcome change from the widespread racism in the United States. It was during this time that jazz was introduced to the French and black culture was born in Paris. African American musicians, artists, and Harlem Renaissance writers found 1920s Paris ready to embrace them with open arms. Montmartre became the center of the small community, with jazz clubs such as Le Grand Duc, Chez Florence and Bricktop's thriving in Paris. World War II brought all the fanfare to an abrupt halt. The Nazi invasion of Paris in June 1940 meant suppression of the "corrupt" influence of jazz in the French capital and danger of imprisonment for African Americans choosing to remain in the city. Most Americans, black as well as white, left Paris at this time.
The political upheavals surrounding the African-American Civil Rights Movement and the Vietnam War protests in the United States were mirrored by civil unrest in France. African-American journalist William Gardner Smith who was also a novelist (i.e., Last of the Conquerors), who worked for the French news service Agence France-Presse, reported the events of the student uprising in May 1968. Many blacks supported this movement, which escalated into a virtual shutdown of the entire country of France. Once order was restored however, a notable increase in repressive tendencies was observed in the French police and immigration authorities. In addition, the presence of newly arrived enclaves of blacks from many African and Caribbean nations offer African Americans the chance to experience new forms of black culture .
In Music.
In 2011, rappers Kanye West and Jay-Z released the song "Niggas in Paris" as a single from their album "Watch the Throne". The song is largely a social commentary about the two being young and wealthy African Americans living it up in Paris. The pair has been known to perform the song to raucous encores at their shows, performing it over ten times during their show in Paris in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20306185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306185" title="Na Logu">
Na Logu

Na Logu () is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Log" to "Na Logu" in 1951.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Wolfgang and was built in the 1670s.

</doc>
<doc id="20306216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306216" title="Mobile Web Server">
Mobile Web Server

A Mobile Web Server is software designed for modern-day smartphones to host personal web servers, through the use of open sourced software, such as, i-jetty, an open source software, based on jetty. I-jetty is an open source web container, serving Java-based web content such as, servlets and JSPs. Jetty is written in Java and its API is available as a set of JARs. Developers can instantiate a jetty container as an object, instantly adding network and web connectivity to a stand-alone Java app. Jetty is built for scalable performance allowing tens of thousands of HTTP connections and hundreds of thousands of simultaneous web socket connections. Jetty is optimized and known for creating small memory footprints, increasing scalability and performance.
Nokia one of the few cellphone companies brought Apache HTTP Server to their line of Nokia cellphones, running Symbian OS S60 mobile software platform. The S60 Mobile Web Server enables connectivity for HTTP traffic to a mobile device from the Internet.
The Mobile Web Server components include a gateway application that runs on a computer with Internet access and a connector application, that runs on the remote mobile device. The gateway and the connector applications with a valid DNS configuration can provide a mobile device with a global web address (URL). However, as of January 2010, the web server project has been discontinued by Nokia.
Examples.
The Mobile Web Server application allows mobile devices a means for hosting personal web applications, including, web pages and server side control. The most commonly used HTTP servers and servlet containers currently available are Jetty, Tomcat, Glassfish and Resin.

</doc>
<doc id="20306219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306219" title="Wangerooge Island Railway">
Wangerooge Island Railway

The single track Wangerooge Island Railway ("Wangerooger Inselbahn") is an unelectrified narrow gauge railway with a rail gauge of located on the East Frisian island of Wangerooge off the northwestern coast of Germany. It is the most important means of transport on the island and is the only narrow gauge railway operated today by the Deutsche Bahn.
History.
From 1897 to 1920.
The Wangerooge Island Railway was opened in 1897 with its present-day rail gauge of . Its operator was the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways ("Großherzoglich Oldenburgische Eisenbahn" or "GOE"). It was worked from the outset by steam locomotives, and not as a horse-drawn railway as on several neighbouring islands. The line led from the newly built pier in the southwest of the island to the middle of the island village, or "Inseldorf", in the centre of the island. A train needed about 20 minutes to negotiate the 3.5 kilometre long route at a top speed of 30 km/h. These timings are still valid today, even though the route has been changed several times.
In 1901 a 1.9 kilometre long stub line was built from the "Saline", the half-way point on the route towards the western part of the island in order to link the military base there.
In 1905 a second pier, the East Pier or "Ostanleger", was erected and a 5.4 kilometre long rail link built from there to the "Inseldorf". In order to handle the growing stream of traffic, in 1906 a new, large station was built on the southern edge of the village and a station hall built over the two tracks; the station has remained largely unchanged to the present day.
In 1912 a new West Pier, a little to the east of the old one, was opened. It was connected to the junction at "Saline" by a new track running roughly parallel to the old one. The old pier was taken out of service and its associated track was lifted. The purpose of this measure was the development of Wangerooge as a military fortification served by a capable railway network. During the course of World War I numerous branches were laid to military installations. As a result, on this small island there were four sections of the island railway with as many as 24 branches.
1920 to 1945.
In 1920 the island railway transferred to the ownership of the Deutsche Reichsbahn (DRG) as the state railways were merged into the new national railway administration.
The DRG grouped the steam locomotives into Class 99, a collective class for all narrow gauge steam engines. In the mid-1920s a wye was built at "Saline" that again was mainly for military reasons such as the rapid movement of guns. This triangular track was relaid several times and finally lifted in 1969.
Also in the middle of the 1920s, the first eight-wheeled passenger coaches were bought and a "coffee train" ran twice weekly from the village station to "Westen" station and back.
The number of holidaymakers (and thus passengers) fell to a low level around 1930, but had risen again by 1939 almost sixfold to 65,500, of which two thirds arrived at the East Pier. 
From 1939 to 1952 a tramway or 'box' locomotive ("Kastenlokomotive"), number 99 081, ran on Wangerooge, and was nicknamed "Treibhaus" ('boiler house') by the crews due to the amount of heat generated in the driver's cab. 
During the Second World War Wangerooge was again of great strategic importance, because the island was located near the estuary of the river Weser and the militarily strategic town of Wilhelmshaven. On 25 April 1945 there was a major air attack on Wangerooge with heavy bombing which destroyed the line between "Saline" and the village, the station hall and many passenger and goods wagons.
1945 to present.
After the end of the war the destroyed section was rebuilt. In 1952 the Deutsche Bundesbahn, now in charge of railway operations, introduced diesel locomotives, the first one being a "Gmeinder" locomotive, and by 1957 the change of traction was completed. In 1955 a small, bus-like draisine had been procured.
After the Second World War, the number of passengers arriving at the East Pier and using the eastern section of the island railway was very high. The reason for this was that the popular holiday island of Heligoland was still occupied by the British. After 1952 Heligoland became accessible to Germans again, with the result that traffic at the East Pier fell sharply. In 1958 it was dismantled along with the eastern section of the railway. Today there are still about 200m of tracks heading eastwards which are used as sidings.
In 1959 eight-wheeled passenger coaches were delivered to Wangerooge as the result of the post-war coach-rebuilding programme; These very much resembled the standard rebuild coaches (or "Umbau-Wagen") very common at that time. They initially sported a dark green livery, but in 1972 were painted with advertising. 
Between 1952 and 1971 four DB Class 329 diesel locomotives were procured and, in 1977, the draisine was replaced by a newer model. In 1981 a Class 699 railbus and several wagons were added; they had previously worked the island railway on the neighbouring island of Spiekeroog until its closure.
In 1990 two more diesel locomotives were bought, this time from the former "Mansfeld-Kombinat" in East Germany. In the years that followed 14 new passenger coaches from Reichsbahn repair shop (Raw) Wittenberge were added, which were painted in light blue and white, similar to the colour scheme of "Interregio" trains, and the existing coaches were completely replaced.
On 1 January 1992, two years before the formation of the Deutsche Bahn (DB AG), the Class 329 locomotives were regrouped into Class 399.1. In 1995/96 the tracks were fully renewed.
From 1997 for several years there were museum steam trips on Wangerooge every summer hauled by a "Franzburg" locomotive from the DEV which was brought across from the mainland for that purpose.
In 1999 the DB AG procured two new diesels from the firm of "Schöma" (399 107 and 108) that have been used ever since to haul passenger trains. As a result the four oldest diesel locomotives (399 101–104) could be withdrawn and the use of the damage-prone Romanian engines (399 105 und 106) could be reduced.
Current operations.
The Wangerooge Island Railway is the only narrow gauge railway operated by the Deutsche Bahn today. Since 2002 it has belonged to the "DB AutoZug" business area, so short-distance excursion offers, like the 'Have a great weekend ticket' ("Schönes-Wochenende-Ticket") are not valid. There is a standard fare charged for a journey by ferry and rail to the island and large items of luggage must be handed in. There is also an on-island fare. There is no other transport on the island worthy of the name. The railway is used by about 200,000 visitors annually and, on peak days, 1,500 passengers travel each way.
The tracks on the main route run on a ballast bed, built between 1995 and 2005 as part of the refurbishment of the line, whilst the secondary tracks still have sand and gravel trackbeds. The top speed is still only 20 km/h. Part of the line between the (West) Pier and "Saline" runs through salt beds that flood at high water. This area is also a breeding ground for many sea birds that have become used to the railway traffic.
Because the DB ferries from Harlesiel have to sail through an area of mud flats, the timetable is dependent on the tide. However the timetable for the whole period is calculated in advance. 
From the youth hostel of "Westturm" there is a good all-round view of the whole route and in the high season you can see a lot of activity. For example, there are often two trains underway at the same time, which cross one another immediately in front of the pier. There are also services via "Saline" to "Westen" as required, but these are not open to the general public and mainly serve the schools field centre there. The majority of trains also haul eight-wheeled flat wagons for the transportation of luggage. The suitcases and bags that are handed in are transported in roll containers on the flats, as are bicycles. Food and all sorts of other goods to supply the island's needs are also carried. Furniture and other removal items are usually carried on the flats in small containers. These are cross-loaded to trailers with fork-lift trucks and delivered to the owners using electric vans. There are also several eight-wheeled, open wagons.
Future.
The Wangerooge Island Railway is the main means of transport on the island and is likely to remain so for a long time yet. Unlike the neighbouring islands, the ferry ports at Wangerooge cannot be sited nearer the island's village. The rolling stock is in good condition, the line has been modernised and most of the ferry passengers use the railway, not least because of the lack of alternatives. Air services only handle a small proportion of the visitors.
Locomotives and wagons.
In over 100 years of its existence, the Wangerooge Island Railway has owned 11 steam locomotives, 8 diesel locomotives, a railbus and two draisines. In addition there were vehicles for the German Navy that, up to 1945, had its own railway stock on Wangerooge, including a locomotive and draisine belonging to the Waterway and Shipping Office (neither of which has survived). In addition, there were four- and eight-wheeled tankers, open wagons, covered vans and flatbeds.
The steam locomotive 99 211 has been preserved as a monument on Wangerooge.

</doc>
<doc id="20306221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306221" title="List of alumni of Mercer University">
List of alumni of Mercer University

Mercer University is a private, coeducational university in Macon, Georgia, founded in 1833. 
Mercer is the only university of its size in the United States that offers programs in eleven diversified fields of study: liberal arts, business, education, music, engineering, medicine, nursing, pharmacy, law, theology, and continuing and professional studies. Mercer enrolls approximately 8,300 students in its eleven colleges and schools.
Alumni.
This is a list of notable Mercer alumni.

</doc>
<doc id="20306250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306250" title="Veretski Pass (band)">
Veretski Pass (band)

Veretski Pass is a klezmer trio using traditional instrumentation of accordion, violin, cimbalom and bowed double bass. They are based in the USA, and are named after Verecke Pass, the mountain pass through which Magyar tribes crossed into the Carpathian basin to settle what later became the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Members of this group have previously played in other Klezmer groups such as Budowitz and Brave Old World.
The band's music has a mix of Carpathian, Jewish, Romanian, Ottoman, Moldavian, Bessarabian, and Polish influences, amongst others.
They performed at the Concertgebouw Concert Hall in Amsterdam in March 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20306253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306253" title="Papirnica">
Papirnica

Papirnica () is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name "Papirnica" literally means 'paper factory'. In the 18th century paper was manufactured at the Pirman farm in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="20306256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306256" title="Gawad Genio Awards">
Gawad Genio Awards

The Gawad Genio Awards was instituted by the Critics' Academy Film Desk of Zamboanga City in the year 2006. This award gives recognition to the year's best in the movie industry.
The Genio Critics' Academe collates results among all the award-giving bodies in the Philippines and set to award the most honored and credited Actors, Directors, Film-Makers and Producers, So as to give recognition to those who made it internationally. International-Excellence Awards is given to individual(s) who have been awarded not just in the Philippines but all throughout the world. Hence, The Outstanding Genio Awards is given to the Producer of the movie that handed majority of the Genio awards (e.g. Star Cinema, Seiko Films, VIVA Films, etc.)
The Academe divided the awards night into three programs. The distribution of Major, Minor and Special Awards. Video clips, performances and pictures of the nominees and winners are shown, in partnership with STI College in Zamboanga.
The Awards.
During the first edition of Gawad Genio Awards, Star Cinema was bestowed the Outstanding Genio Awardee in its excellency in producing the multi-awarded and critically acclaimed film of the year, Kasal Kasali Kasalo. The film bagged majority of the awards in almost all award-giving bodies in the Philippines, including the freshman, Gawad Genio Awards. It is also a Mega Blockbuster Hit and was the Top-Grosser among the films joint at the 32nd Metro Manila Film Festival with an amassing 187 M remarks at the box-office making it the 4th Highest Grossing Filipino Film of All Time.
It was on the 20th of December, 2008 when the winners of the 2nd Gawad Genio Awards were revealed. Ataul For Rent of Artiste Entertainment Works International topped this year's Genio Nominations including Best Film. However, it was a landslide flop for the film not to have won even a single award. Foster Child, on the other hand, bagged 7 out of the 17 Genio Awards including Best Film. Seiko Films was bestowed with the Outstanding Genio Award for producing the critically acclaimed film. Cherry Pie Picache established a different face of cultural drama making her an achiever of the prestigious International-Excellence Awards.
Originally, The 3rd edition of Gawad Genio Awards is expected to wrap up on December 10, 2009. Due to a tight fight among the nominees of the different awards given and the introduction of two additional awards (Best Film Debut Performance and Best Film Visual Designer), The Critics' Academy Film Desk of Zamboanga City made it sure that this will mark off an unforgettable history for the institution and decided to move the awards night to February 4, 2010. Baler and Ploning are the two movies that garnered the highest votes for Best Film Awards. These two movies also grabbed majority of the nominations. The Genio Award then went to Baler, which makes VIVA Films the Outstanding Genio Awardee. Baler Also Bagged majority of the awards which makes it the most awarded film of 2009.
On January 2, 2011, The Critics' Academy Film Desk of Zamboanga City handed out the 4th installment of the Gawad Genio Awards. Dukot of ATD Entertainment Productions and CDP Events Entertainment Productions was named Best Film for 2010. However, The Outstanding Genio Awards went to GMA Films and IMUS Productions, Inc for producing the most awarded Genio Film Entry - Ang Panday. Moreover, Von de Guzman received three nominations for Best Film Musical Scorer and won for Mano Po 6: A Mother's Love. Ditoy Aguila, On the other hand, created history for winning the Best Film Sound Engineer for three consecutive years (Most recent is for the movie Ang Panday).
The third and final installation of the "Tanging Ina" series made it possible for Star Cinema to bring home the Outstanding Genio Award for the second time around (one in 2007). Ang Tanging Ina Mo: Last Na 'To was indeed the multi-awarded film of 2010 taking 6 of the most prestigious plaques of the Genio Recognition Circle. It was also named as the Top Grossing Filipino Film of 2010. On the other hand, quality indie movies like Sigwa and Emir also emerged successful this year. This only shows that our Independent Film Industry is now taking its way to make phenomenal hits. Sigwa and Emir are two independent films who dominate this year's Genio list of nominations.
The Nominees.
2nd Gawad Genio Awards.
The 2008 Gawad Genio Awards was held at the Summit Center in Zamboanga City. Special Features, Video Clips, and best performances from individuals and/or movies that were nominated were shown. For the Philippine Filmograph from January - December 2008, the Film Critics' Academy of Zamboanga came out to these desserving set of nominees: (Winners are highlighted)
3rd Gawad Genio Awards.
The 2009 Gawad Genio Awards was held at the Open Ground of Western Mindanao State University (WMSU) in Zamboanga City. Special features, video clips, and best performances from individuals and/or movies that were nominated were shown. Although, the said celebration was rescheduled to February 4, 2010. The event was celebrated successfully with highlighting performances from the selected WMSU students. For the Philippine filmography from January - December 2008, the film critics' Academy of Zamboanga came out to these deserving set of nominees: (Winners are highlighted)
4th Gawad Genio Awards.
The 2010 Gawad Genio Awards was held at the Ateneo de Zamboanga University (ADZU) in Zamboanga City. Special Features, Video Clips, and best performances from individuals and/or movies that were nominated were shown. The said event happened on January 2, 2011. For the Philippine Filmograph from January - December 2009, the Film Critics' Academy of Zamboanga came out to these deserving set of nominees: (Winners are highlighted)
5th Gawad Genio Awards.
The 2011 Gawad Genio Awards was held at the Paseo de Zamboanga Open Field in Zamboanga City. Honorable Celso Lobregat was a guest speaker of the event. In his speech, He recognized the Critics for their passion and commitment to constantly host this event despite its challenging promotion. Special Features, Video Clips, and best performances from individuals and/or movies that were nominated were shown. The said event happened on December 22, 2011. For the Philippine Filmograph from January - December 2010, the Film Critics' Academy of Zamboanga came out to these deserving set of nominees: (Winners are highlighted)

</doc>
<doc id="20306264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306264" title="American Studies in Germany">
American Studies in Germany

Teaching and Research in German American studies is mostly done on the level of universities. Many English Studies departments have one or more professorships designated as "Amerikanistik" or "Amerikastudien." Some universities offer full American studies programs or even have individual American studies departments consisting of several, specialized professorships and an individual budget.
Information.
On a national level, the German Association for American Studies (Deutsche Gesellschaft für Amerikastudien, DGfA) organizes annual conventions and smaller local congresses.
The most important periodical publishing venue is the quarterly "Amerikastudien American Studies," the official publication organ of the German Association for American Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="20306268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306268" title="Neasden Gaels">
Neasden Gaels

Neasden Gaels GFC are a Gaelic Football team are based in Kingsbury, North London. Neasden Gaels were founded into the junior ranks of London GAA in February 1989 following a meeting between officials at McDonagh's Bar in Kingsbury, North West London. The founder members were Michael Cleary (Manchester), Roger O'Connor (Sligo), Jim Devine (Longford), Bobby Moynihan (Kerry), Claire Moynihan (London) and, of course, Danny O'Sullivan who hails from Killorglin in Kerry and Michael
McDonagh, proprietor of McDonagh's Bar, Kingsbury and a native of Galway who was also appointed as Neasden's first team manager.
Neasden Gaels had grown into a senior side by winning the London Intermediate Football Championship in 1996 and then winning the London Senior Football Championship in 1999 an unprecedented 10 years after the club's foundation. Neasden Gaels are now one of the highest ranked Gaelic Football teams in Britain and contested the prestigious 2008 London Senior Football final and 2009 London Senior Football final and are current London Senior Football champions in 2010.Neasden Gaels GFC came close to being the first ever London club team to progress to an All Ireland Club Senior semi final in 2011 with a All Ireland Quarter final defeat against title and eventual All Ireland champions Crossmaglen Rangers.
Neasden Gaels GFC have their own Clubhouse in Silver Jubilee Park, Townsend Lane, Kingsbury, London NW9 7NE. Car parking and playing fields facilities available to all visiting teams.
The Neasden Gaels GFC website is @ www.neasdengaels.com

</doc>
<doc id="20306275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306275" title="Pevno">
Pevno

Pevno (; in older sources also "Peven", ) is a small village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Mass grave.
Pevno is the site of a mass grave from the period immediately after the Second World War. The Matjaž Cave Mass Grave () is located on a steep slope 400 m west of the village of Pevno. It contains the remains of Home Guard prisoners of war that were held at Loka Castle and murdered between 25 and 30 May 1945. It may also contain the remains of a group murdered before the end of the war.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Ursula.

</doc>
<doc id="20306283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306283" title="Tsuen Wan Pier">
Tsuen Wan Pier

Tsuen Wan Pier, Tsuen Wan Ferry or Tsuen Wan Ferry Pier () is a public pier at the south of Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong, which is adjacent to MTR Tsuen Wan West Station. It provided ferry service to Central via Tsing Yi, but the service ceased operation in 2000 after Western Harbour Tunnel and MTR Tung Chung Line were commissioned to provide faster route between New Territories West and Hong Kong Island.
History.
The pier has been developed in four generations.
Its first generation commenced in 1935, but it was destroyed by the Imperial Japanese Army in 1942 during Japanese occupation of Hong Kong.
Its second generation commerced in 1958 which was located near Nina Tower, Yeung Uk Road nowadays. It was demolished in 1983 due to the reclamation for the construction of Tsuen Wan Road and Clague Garden Estate.
Its third generation, located at reclamation area outside Tsuen Wan Road, commenced in 1983, together with Tsuen Wan Transport Complex and Tsuen Wan Ferry Bus Terminus. It provided four ferry routes, Tsuen Wan to Tsing Yi, Tsuen Wan to Central, Tsuen Wan to Central via Tsing Yi and Tsuen Wan to Tai O ferry services. But it was demolished in 2000 due to the reclamation for the construction of Tsuen Wan West Station. The ferry routes also ceased operation.
Its fourth generation, i.e. the current pier, commenced in 2002 and is located at reclamation area outside Tsuen Wan West Station.
A ferry route travelling between the pier and Park Island, a private housing estate in Ma Wan, was operated during 10 years by Park Island Transport Company Limited. It was discontinued on 13 December 2012.
Facilities.
Two bus terminus and one minibus terminus are located at nearby Nina Tower, Tsuen Wan West Station and Tsuen Wan Transport Complex respectively. Also, Hong Kong Immigration Department Tsuen Wan branch office (relocated to Waterside Plaza in 1999 and closed in 2003) and a driving school (relocated to Kwun Tong Pier in 2006) were located at Tsuen Wan Transport Complex.

</doc>
<doc id="20306286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306286" title="Out Our Way">
Out Our Way

Out Our Way was a single-panel cartoon by J. R. Williams which was syndicated for decades after it first appeared in a half-dozen small-market newspapers on March 20, 1922.
Characters and story.
Distributed by Newspaper Enterprise Association, the cartoon series was noted for its depiction of American rural life and the various activities and regular routines of families in small towns. The panel introduced a cast of continuing characters, including the cowboy Curly and ranch bookkeeper Wes. The content was based on Williams' own life experiences, as noted by Michael H. Price in the "Fort Worth Business Press":
Rotating themes.
Williams used "Out Our Way" as an umbrella title for several alternating series, which carried the subtitle hand-lettered within the panel border. These included "The Bull of the Woods," with gags focusing on the foreman of a machine shop, and a depiction of small town family life in "Why Mothers Get Gray". Don Markstein, in describing Williams' settings and themes, lists the other subtitles:
The success of the daily panel prompted a Sunday feature, but it was not a grouping of panels, as in the Sunday "Grin and Bear It". Instead, the characters of "Why Mothers Get Gray" were expanded into a Sunday strip, "Out Our Way with the Willits" (aka "The Willets"). Williams' assistants on the Sunday strip were Neg Cochran and George Scarbo (whose own strip "The Comic Zoo" sometimes ran next to "The Willets" as a Sunday sidebar feature).
At their peak, Williams' creations appeared in more than 700 newspapers. In 1957, Williams died at age 70. "Out Our Way" was continued by Cochran, Paul Gringle, Ed Sullivan and others until 1977.
Reprints.
Williams' strips and cartoons were collected in several books. The Worry Wart had his own comic book in 1956. Leonard G. Lee's Algrove Publishing reprinted Williams' work in more than a dozen volumes of its Classic Reprint Series. In addition to "Out Our Way Sampler: 20s, 30s & 40s" (2005), their catalog includes "U.S. Cavalry Cartoons", "The Bull of the Woods" (six volumes) and "Classic Cowboy Cartoons" (four volumes).

</doc>
<doc id="20306321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306321" title="Yukon School of Visual Arts">
Yukon School of Visual Arts

The Yukon School of Visual Arts (commonly referred to by its acronym, YSOVA) is Canada's most northern accredited art school. It is located in Dawson City, Yukon, Canada at the fork of the Yukon and Klondike Rivers. SOVA offers the foundational year for a Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) and a Bachelor of Design (BDes). The school combines an experiential, integrated curriculum that is studio-based with liberal studies courses. Successful students continue their degrees at their choice of four partnering art schools across Canada, including the Ontario College of Art and Design in Toronto, the Emily Carr Institute of Art and Design in Vancouver, the Alberta College of Art and Design in Calgary and the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design University in Halifax.
YSOVA is a partnership between the Dawson City Arts Society, Yukon College and Tr’ondek Hwech’in. Each founding organisation has equal representation on the governing council. Yukon School of Visual Arts changed its name from KIAC School of Visual Arts in the Fall of 2010 to avoid confusion between the school and the community arts organisation KIAC.
Location.
YSOVA is located in Dawson City, an extremely remote location with a rich history. Home to the Han people for millennia, at the turn of the 20th Century Dawson City became the centre of the Klondike Goldrush and was suddenly the largest city north of San Francisco and west of Winnipeg at the time. Today, the town is home to many national historic sites, a self-governing First Nation, an active mining industry, and a diverse international community. During the summer months, tourism reaches a peak of 60,000 annual visitors, providing a major source of revenue for the town. The border of Alaska is only a few kilometres away to the west, and the Tombstone Mountains are only 45 minutes north along the Dempster Highway en route to the Beaufort Sea.
Curriculum.
The curriculum includes studio classes in 2D, 3D, and 4D (new media), as well as liberal arts classes in English and Visual Culture Studies. The design of the curriculum and the intimacy of the school creates an integrated curriculum with themes and issues crossing over from course to course.
Facilities.
The school is located in a historic building in downtown Dawson City. This two-story structure was custom designed specifically for the needs of the foundation year program with studio facilities, a lecture room, a media lab, indoor/outdoor common areas, woodshop, a library and digital resource centre, a student gallery and an art supplies store. Laptop computers and a digital still camera are assigned to each student for use in both their academic and studio coursework, and wireless internet is available throughout the facility.
KIAC & YSOVA.
The Klondike Institute for Arts and Culture (KIAC) is a community-based arts centre offering a rotating schedule of workshops, screenings, festivals, exhibitions, and non-accredited courses. YSOVA is a post-secondary institution offering accredited courses and articulation agreements with colleges and universities across Canada.
Closely associated, but different organisations, YSOVA and KIAC mutually support resident artists, special events, and facilities.
KIAC is located on 2nd and Princess in the ODD Fellows Hall. YSOVA is located on 3rd and Queen.
Over The Wire.
"Over the Wire" is a project series that creates an exchange between an established artist and the Yukon School of Visual Arts. Celebrating the extreme remoteness of the school, the project mediates the geographical distance by fostering a correspondence—both literally and aesthetically—between the artist and the students. Each semester, a set of instructions created by a distant Artist is delivered to the students in order to produce a new work. The students in turn interpret the instructions and create the work locally for exhibition. In addition to the exhibition of the work, each project is archived by a publication or multiple that is distributed in return across the country.
"Over the Wire" artists:
"Over the Wire" is a pedagogical art project created by SOVA faculty member Charles Stankievech.
Art in Dawson City.
Dawson City—for its extreme geographical location—has a vibrant and international art scene.
Art and artists.
The German artist Martin Kippenberger constructed the second METRO-Net subway entrance in Dawson City in 1995, connecting an island in Greece, "Documenta" in Kassel, Germany, and the German Pavilon in Venice, Italy. The Dawson station was dismantled and sold to an American institution in the fall of 2008. A Wake for the death of the artwork which included the Mayor "beatifying" Martin Kippenberger as the Patron Saint of the Arts for Dawson City was held in January 2009 
The KIAC Artist in Residence program hosts two artists in the historic Macaulay house year-round with a constantly changing roster from around the world.
The ODD Gallery is a not-for-profit gallery exhibiting Canadian and international artists, including the long-running series "The Natural and the Manufactured".

</doc>
<doc id="20306330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306330" title="University of Gedo">
University of Gedo

University of Gedo ( ) is a public university in the city of Bardera situated in the Gedo region of Somalia. 
In the past, the higher education system in Somalia was mostly concentrated in the area near Mogadishu, the nation's capital. Since the outbreak of civil war in 1991, there have been local efforts to re-establish educational institutions across the country.
History and funding.
The University of Gedo's first campus was opened on August 29, 2008 in Bardera. The Somali Development Foundation (SDF), headed by Professor Warsame Ali, was the force behind its establishment. Thanks to long-running efforts by Professor Warsame and his team who have organized fund-raising drives in more than 50 cities in five continents, the Gedo region is among a half dozen regions in Somalia which have established post-secondary learning spaces for their citizens.
Campuses.
The founders envision at least two campuses for the University of Gedo, which will be located in Bardera and Balad Hawo. Another campus will possibly be located in Garbahaarreey, the capital of the Gedo region.
Curriculum.
Academic policy is drafted locally. In the meantime, the educational curriculum system will be linked to Coventry University in West Midlands, England in the near future. 
The University of Gedo and other institutions of higher learning such as Kismayo University and Bardera Polytechnic are working closely with regional educational funding institutions, educators, parent groups, as well as independent schools with the aim of developing a united and standardized curriculum for primary through secondary schools in the larger Jubba region.
Faculties and programs.
First phase programs are:

</doc>
<doc id="20306334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306334" title="Podpulfrca">
Podpulfrca

Podpulfrca () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20306342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306342" title="Whike">
Whike

The Whike is a recumbent tricycle with a sail, made in the Netherlands.
The Whike 1.0 was released on 5 June 2008. It has a standard sail and can reach speeds up to with wind speeds of 4-5 bft (). It can be legally used on both bike lanes and streets in the Netherlands and UK. Activating the front brake releases the sail's spinlock, assuring there will be no more wind-propulsion.
Features.
The Whike features a three piece aluminium mast that can be stowed away on board when not needed. It is also equipped with 18 gears and the front sprockets are custom made for the Whike. To maintain safe and responsive stopping the trike is fitted with disk brakes on all wheels. The cycle also has a handbrake function to prevent it sailing away while without rider. The frame is available in black or white chromium molybdenum alloy steel, other colours are possible for an additional €100. The Whike weighs including the sail and can carry a maximum weight of including luggage. The sail also has the advantage of aiding visibility of the cycle on the roads. 
Features list:
It is advised to ride a Whike only with a helmet, with a load of at least , to use a smaller sail at wind speeds over 5 bft (at more than ) and not use any sail with wind speeds over 6 bft (at more than ).
Availability.
The Whike is sold directly to customers and is also available from some specialist suppliers. The Whike costs around €3500 for customers in the Netherlands (2010) with accessories available for additional cost. The Whike is also available for hire from several places. The Whike is now available in the UK and other European countries. Check their website for availability.
Accessories.
A range off additional accessories to complement the cycle are available, 
Available Accessories include: 
A Storm Sail, a Headrest, lights and a Bike Computer. All of these accessories include factory fitting in the price.
A car carrier should also be available soon to allow the Whike to be easily transported.
Conception.
The Whike was invented by Fredjan Twigt. Fredjan spent many years as an aid worker in Africa. After returning to the Netherlands he became addicted to recumbents. Besides recumbents he also has a passion for sailing. Because his ideal recumbent was nowhere to be found, he decided to build it himself. In 2007 he decided to combine his passions in the design that is the Whike of which many draft versions were made. The first prototype was big and heavy with relatively small wheels and sail. Now, after three prototypes, the design has been perfected. The result of all this work is the current Whike.
Although other sail cycles have been made, this is the only one commercially available in Europe. There is however a commercial sail cycle system available in the US for around $5500.

</doc>
<doc id="20306343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306343" title="Pilot Training College">
Pilot Training College

The Pilot Training College (PTC) was a JAR Flight Training Organisation (FTO) fully approved for commercial pilot training.
The training provided is in accordance with the European JAA (Joint Aviation Authorities) requirements for commercial pilots.
PTC has training facilities in Waterford Airport, Ireland, and in Florida, in the US.
PTC offers a range of courses including:
In July 2012, RTE reported that Irish students who had paid up to €80,000 in fees to train in Florida had been stranded because the Florida Institute of Technology had terminated their agreement with PTC over alleged non-payment. That same month the IAA withdrew PTC's license, as a result PTC ceased all training, their website was taken offline with no official explanation or apology.
At that time Conor J Deeny a trainee pilot assumed the position of spokesman and coordinator for the students stranded in Florida, since this both himself and all other trainee pilots have left America and returned home.
Clearsky Pilot Training College is now in place at the same address as the Pilot Training College.
The Shemburn Group the parent company of The pilot Training College still have their PA-44 flight simulator approved at this address according to the I.A.A website
http://www.iaa.ie/index.jsp?a=378&n=401&p=398

</doc>
<doc id="20306344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306344" title="Ines Maria Ferraris">
Ines Maria Ferraris

Ines Maria Ferraris (also Ina Maria Ferraris) (6 May 1882 Turin- 11 December 1971 Milan) was an Italian operatic soprano and pianist who sang for more than two decades at La Scala in addition to appearances on the international stage. Although popular in Italy, she had a particularly devoted fanbase throughout South America. A light lyric soprano with a pure and agile voice, Ferraris sang a wide repertoire that encompassed the verismo operas of Puccini, the Italian grand opera of Verdi, and the German operas of Richard Strauss. She is particularly remembered for portraying the role of Lisette in the world première of Puccini's "La rondine" in 1917. 
Career.
Ferraris was a child prodigy and began her career as a professional concert pianist at the young age of 12 after studying piano with Antonio Quartero. She later became interested in opera and began studying singing with Vittorio Vanzo in Milan. She gave her first professional performance as a vocalist in a concert in London in 1906. She made her professional operatic début two years later in Bologna as Philine in "Mignon".
In 1911 Ferraris debuted at La Scala as Carolina in Cimarosa's "Il matrimonio segreto". That same year she sang Sophie at La Scala in Italy's first production of "Der Rosenkavalier", a role she later reprised at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome in 1914. She remained at La Scala for over 20 years, singing numerous roles mostly from the lighter lyric and soubrette repertoire. She became a favorite of Arturo Toscanini under whom she sang numerous parts at La Scala including Violetta in Verdi's "La traviata" and Nannetta in Verdi's "Falstaff". She was also a close friend of Conchita Supervia, with whom she performed many roles, including the role of Gretel opposite Supervia's Hänsel in "Hänsel und Gretel". During this time she also frequently performed throughout Italy and in South America where she gained a big following. She notably sang the title role in South America's premiere of Ermanno Wolf-Ferrari's "Il segreto di Susanna" at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires. Her other roles in that house include Oscar in "Un ballo in maschera", the title role in Catalani's "La Wally", and Hélène in "Une éducation manquée" among others.
In 1916 Ferraris sang the role of Violetta at the Teatro Massimo Palermo. The following year she created the role of Lisette in the world première of Puccini's "La rondine" at the Opéra de Monte-Carlo. She also made several appearances at the Teatro di San Carlo in 1920-1921 and 1924, including the role of Gilda in "Rigoletto". Ferraris retired from the stage in 1934 after which she taught singing for many years at numerous conservatories including the Conservatorio di Musica Benedetto Marcello in Venice, the Conservatorio Giovanni Battista Martini in Bologna, the Accademia Musicale Chigiana in Siena, and lastly at the Milan Conservatory.
Recordings.
Ferraris was among the first generation of musicians to be recorded. Most notably she can be heard on highlight recordings of "Der Rosenkavalier" as Sophie and "Hänsel und Gretel" as Gretel with Conchita Supervia, mementos of their association in both operas at La Scala. She also recorded the role of Gilda in the first complete recording of "Rigoletto" in 1916 with Cesare Formichi in the title role.

</doc>
<doc id="20306347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306347" title="Sir Samuel Hoare, 1st Baronet">
Sir Samuel Hoare, 1st Baronet

Sir Samuel Hoare, 1st Baronet (7 September 1841 – 20 January 1915) was an English Conservative Party politician. He sat in the House of Commons from 1886 to 1906.
Hoare was the great-grandson of the Quaker Samuel Hoare. He was educated at Bayfield Preparatory School, Harrow School and Trinity College, Cambridge. He undertook two tours of the Mediterranean and Middle East between 1862 and 1865 He lived at Sidestrand Hall, Sidestrand, Norfolk.
At the 1885 general election he unsuccessfully contested North Norfolk.
He was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich at a by-election in April 1886, and retained the seat until he stood down at the 1906 general election. He was created baronet in 1899.
He was the father of Samuel Hoare, 1st Viscount Templewood.

</doc>
<doc id="20306351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306351" title="Cold dish">
Cold dish

Cold dish may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20306359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306359" title="Llafur">
Llafur

Llafur ("Labour" in Welsh) – the full name of which is Llafur: The Welsh People's History Society – was founded in 1970 as "Llafur: the Society for the Study of Welsh Labour History" to promote the study of the history of the working people of Wales. Its main activities are the publication of the journal "Llafur" and a number of individual books. The Society also organises regular day schools and events to engage a wider audience with Welsh People's History. 
Llafur has several stated aims. 
Our aims include the following:
"Llafur: the journal of the Society for the Study of Welsh Labour History" is published in annual parts (four parts to a volume) and contains scholarly articles and book reviews relating to labour and people's history. The journal is included in the Welsh Journals Online project at the National Library of Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20306367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306367" title="George W. Housner">
George W. Housner

George W. Housner (December 9, 1910 (Saginaw, Michigan) - November 10, 2008 (Pasadena, California)) was an eminent authority on earthquake engineering and National Medal of Science laureate. Housner received his Bachelors degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Michigan where he was influenced by Stephen Timoshenko. He earned his Masters' (1934) and Doctoral (1941) degrees from the California Institute of Technology where he had been a Professor of Earthquake Engineering from 1945 to 1981, and Professor Emeritus thereafter.
Annually, in recognition of those who made extraordinary contributions to the earthquake safety research, practices and policies, EERI awards The George W. Housner Medal of the Earthquake Engineering Research.
Housner died of natural causes November 10, 2008 in Pasadena, California at the age of 97.

</doc>
<doc id="20306390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306390" title="Mike Morris">
Mike Morris

Mike Morris is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20306408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306408" title="Georg Balthasar Metzger">
Georg Balthasar Metzger

Georg Balthasar Metzger (23 September 1623 – 9 October 1687) was a German physician and scientist notable as one of the four founding members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina in Schweinfurt.
In 1644 Metzger obtained the Medicinae Doctorate from the University of Jena under Johann Georg Macasius with a thesis entitled: "Disputatio Medica De Purgatione". In 1650, he obtained a second Medicinae Doctorate from the University of Basel under Emmanuel Stupanus with a thesis entitled: "De affectibus, quibus, cerebrum obnoxium est, et quibus signis cognoscantur."
In 1661 Metzger was appointed to the University of Tübingen by Eberhard III, Duke of Württemberg (1614–74) to improve its teaching of anatomy and surgery. From 1681–1688 he also directed the university's "Hortus medicus", which has subsequently evolved into the Botanischer Garten der Universität Tübingen. In 1688 its direction passed to Metzer's student, Rudolf Jacob Camerer.

</doc>
<doc id="20306411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306411" title="Business semantics management">
Business semantics management

Business Semantics Management 
Accordingly, BSM is established by two complementary cycles each grouping a number of activities. The first cycle is the semantic reconciliation cycle, and the second cycle is the semantic application cycle. The two cycles communicate with each other via the uniﬁcation process. This double process cycle is iteratively applied until an optimal balance of differences and commonalities between stakeholders are reached that meets the semantic integration requirements. This approach is based on research on community-based ontology engineering (,) that is validated in European projects, government and industry.
Semantic Reconciliation.
Semantic reconciliation is a process cycle constituted of four subsequent activities: scope, create, reﬁne, and articulate. First, the community is scoped: user roles and affordances are appointed. Next, relevant facts are collected from documentation such as, e.g., natural language descriptions, (legacy) logical schemas, or other metadata and consequently decomposing this scope in elicitation contexts. The deliverable of scoping is an initial upper common ontology that organizes the key upper common patterns that are shared and accepted by the community. These upper common patterns deﬁne the current semantic interoperability requirements of the community. Once the community is scoped, all stakeholders syntactically reﬁne and semantically articulate these upper common patterns.
Pragmatic Perspective Unification.
During uniﬁcation, a new proposal for the next version of the upper common ontology is produced, aligning relevant parts from the common and divergent stakeholder perspectives. Ultimately, if the semantic reconciliation results in a number of reusable language-neutral and context-independent patterns for constructing business semantics that are articulated with informal meaning descriptions, then the unification is worthwhile.
Semantic Application.
Semantic application is a process cycle constituted of two subsequent activities: select and commit where the scoped information systems are committed to selected consolidated business semantic patterns. This is done by first selecting relevant patterns from the pattern base. Next, the interpretation of this selection is semantically constrained. Finally, the various scoped sources and services are mapped on (read: committed to) this selection. The selection and axiomatization of this selection should approximate the intended business semantics. This can be verified by automatically verbalization into natural language, and validation of the unlocked data. Validation or deprecation of the commitments may result in another iteration of the semantic reconciliation cycle.
Business semantics.
Business semantics are the information concepts that live in the organization, understandable for both business and IT. Business Semantics describe the business concepts as they are used and needed by the business instead of describing the information from a technical point-of-view.
One important aspect of business semantics is that they are shared between many disparate data sources. Many data sources share the same semantics but have different syntax, or format to describe the same concepts.
The way these business semantics are described is less important. Several approaches can be used such as UML, Object role modeling, XML, etc. This corresponds to Robert Meersman’s statement that semantics are “a (set of) mapping(s) from your representation language to agreed concepts (objects, relationships, behavior) in the real-world”.
In the construction of information systems, semantics have always been crucial. In previous approaches, these semantics were left implicit (i.e. In the mind of reader or writer), hidden away in the implementation itself (e.g., in a database table or column code) or informally captured in textual documentation. According to Dave McComb, “The scale and scope of our systems and the amount of information we now have to deal with are straining that model.”
Nowadays, information systems need to interact in a more open manner, and it becomes crucial to formally represent and apply the semantics these systems are concerned with.
Application.
Business semantics management empowers all stakeholders in the organization by a consistent and aligned definition of the important information assets of the organization.
The available business semantics can be leveraged in the so-called business/social layer of the organization. They can for example be easily coupled to a content management application to provide the business with a consistent business vocabulary or enable better navigation or classification of information, leveraged by enterprise search engines, leveraged to make richer semantic-web-ready websites, etc.
Business semantics can also be used to increase operational efficiency in the technical/operation layer of the organization. Business semantics
provide a kind of abstracted, federated, and virtualized way to access and deliver data in a more efficient and aligned manner. In that respect, it is similar to EII with the added benefit that the shared models are not described in technical terms but in a way that is easily understood by the business.
Collibra is the first organization to commercialize the idea behind business semantics management. Collibra's approach to Business Semantics Management is based on DOGMA, a research project at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel.

</doc>
<doc id="20306457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306457" title="Lexell's Comet">
Lexell's Comet

D/1770 L1, popularly known as Lexell's Comet after its orbit computer Anders Johan Lexell, was a comet discovered by astronomer Charles Messier in June 1770. It is notable for having passed closer to Earth than any other comet in recorded history, approaching to a distance of only . The comet has not been seen since 1770 and is considered a lost comet.
Discovery.
The comet was discovered on June 14, 1770, in the constellation Sagittarius by Messier, who had just completed an observation of Jupiter and was examining several nebulae. At this time it was very faint, but his observations over the course of the next few days showed that it rapidly grew in size, its coma reaching 27 arcminutes across by June 24: by this time it was of magnitude +2. The comet was also noted by several other astronomers.
The comet was observed in Japan. Surviving records identify it as an astronomical and historical phenomenon.
Close approach to Earth.
On July 1, 1770, the comet passed 0.015 astronomical units from Earth, or approximately 6 times the radius of the Moon's orbit. Charles Messier measured the coma as 2° 23' across, around four times the apparent angular size of the Moon. An English astronomer at the time noted the comet crossing over 42° of sky in 24 hours; he described the nucleus as being as large as Jupiter, "surrounded with a coma of silver light, the brightest part of which was as large as the moon's orb". 
Messier was the last astronomer to observe the comet as it moved away from the Sun, on October 3, 1770.
Orbit.
A number of orbital calculations were made, some indicating a perihelion date (the date of the closest approach to the Sun) of August 9–10, and some a date of 13–14, depending on whether the orbital solutions were parabolic or elliptical. Anders Johan Lexell made four separate sets of calculations over a period of several years and deduced an orbital period of 5.58 years. Lexell also noted that, despite this short-period orbit, by far the shortest known at the time, the comet was unlikely to have been seen previously because its orbit had been radically altered on a previous occasion by the gravitational forces of Jupiter. It is, therefore, the earliest identified Jupiter family comet (as well as the first known Near-Earth Object).
The comet was never seen again. Lexell, after conducting further work in cooperation with Pierre-Simon Laplace, argued that a subsequent interaction with Jupiter in 1779 had further perturbed its orbit, either placing it too far from Earth to be seen or perhaps ejecting it from the Solar System altogether. The comet is now considered lost. 
Lexell's work on the orbit of the comet is considered to be the beginning of modern understanding of orbit determination. In the 1840s, Urbain Le Verrier carried out further work on the comet's orbit and demonstrated that despite potentially approaching Jupiter as close as three and a half radii from the planet's centre the comet could never have become a satellite of Jupiter. 

</doc>
<doc id="20306500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306500" title="Y Ford Gron">
Y Ford Gron

"Y Ford Gron: papur Cymry'r byd" ("The Round Table: a paper for the Welshmen of the world") was a popular monthly Welsh-language magazine containing news and articles on travel, fashion, the arts, and current events. It was illustrated, and included letters, editorials, and advertisements. It was published from 1930 to 1935. 
"Y Ford Gron" was published by Hughes a'i Fab (Hughes and Son), founded in Wrexham in 1824. The company was a leading publisher of Welsh-language books, music, and journals, including "Y Llenor". In 1982 the company was bought by S4C, the Welsh-language television channel.
The magazine has being digitized by the Welsh Journals Online project at the National Library of Wales.
References.
"Oxford Companion to Welsh Literature" (1986), p. 203.

</doc>
<doc id="20306503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306503" title="Regenesis (novel)">
Regenesis (novel)

Regenesis (2009) is a science fiction novel by American science fiction and fantasy author set in her Alliance-Union universe. It is a sequel to Cherryh's 1988 Hugo award-winning science fiction novel, "Cyteen", and was published in hardcover by DAW Books in January 2009. The teenage clone of a top scientist and political leader unravels the decades-old murder of her "genemother", while also dealing with threats to her own welfare.
Plot summary.
Ariane Emory is the eighteen-year-old clone of an extraordinary woman who was both a preeminent research scientist and the leader of the Expansionist Party, which has controlled Union since its inception. Her predecessor had some very powerful friends and enemies. However, inasmuch as her genemother had died under suspicious circumstances before she was even born, Emory is unsure who they are.
She is not without resources though. A breakthrough experiment in "psychogenesis" has recreated in her the genius of her parent. Everyone knows that she will one day follow in her mother's footsteps and take charge of Reseune, a sovereign Administrative Territory and the premier azi research facility in Union, one of the three spacefaring factions of humanity. 
In the meantime, she takes measures to protect herself, assembling a trusted staff with the assistance of her azi bodyguards and companions, Florian and Catlin. When she discovers that her new azi security chief has been tampered with, her list of possible enemies grows to include key men inside Reseune itself: Yanni Schwartz, the Director, and Adam Hicks, the head of security. Adding to the discord is the return of a bitter Jordan Warrick from a twenty-year exile at an isolated research facility. He had been pressured into confessing to killing the original Emory.
The murder of Dr. Sandur Patil, a top scientist recruited by Schwartz to head up the terraforming of a planet, turns out to be but one step in a plot by Emory's unknown enemy that shakes Union to its core. As she struggles to deal with the escalating situation, she also unravels the decades-old mystery of her genemother's death.
Reception.
In his "Sci Fi Wire" review, Paul Di Filippo complained that the "forward movement of the story is slow and halting".

</doc>
<doc id="20306510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306510" title="Uncial 0217">
Uncial 0217

Uncial 0217 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 5th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of John (11:57-12:7), on 1 parchment leaf (13 cm by 9 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 19 lines per page.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex is located at the Austrian National Library, in Vienna, with the shelf number Pap. G. 39212.

</doc>
<doc id="20306534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306534" title="Uncial 0218">
Uncial 0218

Uncial 0218 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 5th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of John (12:2-6,9-11,14-16), on 1 parchment leaf (18 cm by 16 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 27 lines per page.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex is located at the Austrian National Library, in Vienna, with the shelf number Pap. G. 19892 B.

</doc>
<doc id="20306564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306564" title="List of Chief Justices of Australia by time in office">
List of Chief Justices of Australia by time in office

This is a list of Australian Chief Justices by time in office.
Milestone illustrations.
The time frames involved in the length of service by previous holders of the office can be illustrated by comparing them to the length of time it would take for incumbent Chief Justice Robert French to reach them. However, due to the mandatory retirement age of 70 for Justices, it will be impossible for French to reach any of these milestones unless the mandatory retirement age is removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20306577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306577" title="Vinton Hayworth">
Vinton Hayworth

Vinton Hayworth (June 4, 1906 – May 21, 1970) was an American actor who began in weaselly and milquetoast roles and aged into dignified character parts.
Career.
Born in Washington, D.C., he began acting in his late teens. He was a pioneering radio announcer in the early 1920s, first in Washington, later in New York City, and then in Chicago. Subsequently, he appeared on numerous radio programs in various roles. He entered movies in 1933, under the stage name Jack Arnold and made appearances in small roles, usually played comically good-natured, sneaky characters. His appearances as Jack Arnold ended in the early 1940s and he did a two year stint on Broadway from 1942-44 before returning to California. He made appearances in film from the late 1950s onward.
Hayworth was also one of the founders of AFRA (later AFTRA), the union representing radio and television artists, of which he was also the president from 1951-54.
Hayworth began appearing on television in the 1950s. He appeared in "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "Gunsmoke", "Perry Mason", "Dennis the Menace", "Petticoat Junction", "Hazel", "The Munsters", "Green Acres" (1965) and "Dick Tracy" (1967). He played Carlos Galindo on Disney's "Zorro" (1957-1959). His final role was as General Winfield Schaeffer on "I Dream of Jeannie" between 1969 and 1970. Hayworth replaced Barton MacLane, who had played General Peterson until his death in 1969. Both Hayworth and MacLane died before the final episodes that they appeared in were aired.
Death.
Shortly after completing his recurring role of General Schaeffer in "I Dream of Jeannie", Hayworth died of a heart attack on May 21, 1970. He died five days before "I Dream of Jeannie" aired its last first-run episode (May 26, 1970). His remains were cremated.
Personal.
Hayworth was married to actress Jean Owens. Hayworth's elder sister was Volga Hayworth, mother of screen star Rita Hayworth.

</doc>
<doc id="20306584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306584" title="Shion (album)">
Shion (album)


</doc>
<doc id="20306589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306589" title="Uncial 0219">
Uncial 0219

Uncial 0219 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 4th century (or 5th). The codex contains a small parts of the Epistle to the Romans (2:21-23; 3:8-9,23-25,27-30), on 2 parchment leaves (20 cm by 14 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 26 lines per page.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th or 5th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex is located at the Austrian National Library, in Vienna, with the shelf number Pap. G. 36113, 26083.

</doc>
<doc id="20306608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306608" title="Liberty Electric Cars">
Liberty Electric Cars

Liberty Electric Cars Ltd. is an automobile startup company focusing on producing high-end, luxury battery electric vehicles. The company was formed in 2007 by entrepreneur Barry Shrier.
In February 2009 the company announced a partnership with the UK Government, to locate its manufacturing facilities in the north east of England.
Liberty e-Range Rover.
The firm's first vehicle is based on the Land Rover platform, the Range Rover Vogue. The company is converting existing Range Rovers into electric vehicles by removing the internal combustion engine and replacing it with an electric powertrain, comprising an electric motor, Lithium Polymer batteries and capacitors to absorb energy from regenerative braking. The E-Range has an estimated range of 200 miles on a single charge, and retails between £95,000 - £120,000.
Engineering and Aftersales Expansion.
On 1 June 2011 the company announced that it would be joining forces with the ex-Modec engineering team, consolidating its engineering activities at its Innovation & Customer Support Centre based in Coventry. In addition to Liberty E-Tech, Liberty Electric Cars has created a support and maintenance facility, called Liberty E-Care to provide a high level of service to its own European EV customers and those of other companies.
This expansion has taken Liberty Electric Cars into a new sector — commercial vehicles — which offers a large potential for EVs, especially since routes tend to be repetitive and daily journeys are often under 100 miles (160 kilometers) round trip.

</doc>
<doc id="20306615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306615" title="Thomas Emmrich">
Thomas Emmrich

Thomas Emmrich (born 21 July 1953 in Berlin) is a former tennis player for East Germany. Between 1970 and 1988, Emmrich won 47 German Democratic Republic (GDR) titles (16 singles and 31 in the doubles and mixed). Unfortunately, he entered the tennis scene after the GDR had decided to promote only those sports which were relevant for the Olympics’ medals table. Thus, he was barred from international competitions outside the Eastern bloc countries and had to keep the status as an amateur. However, he gained some points at an ATP tournament in Sofia as GDR functionaries had not noticed that it had become part of the ATP tour. After this tournament, the ATP ranked him number 482—the only entry of a GDR tennis player in the ATP rankings.
Martina Navratilova claimed that he could have become a top-ten player in the 1970s.
After the German reunification in 1990, Emmrich proved that he could compete on a high international level as he won several titles, i.e. runners-up in the European Championships of the 35+ Seniors (1996), runners-up in the Doubles World Championships in 2003 (50+), European Champion (50+) in 2006. In addition, he gained many national titles after 1990 in senior competitions.
His daughter Manuela Emmrich also picked up the tennis sport and played college tennis in the US. She won the National Championship in 2005. His son, Martin Emmrich, is a professional tennis player and is successful on the doubles pro circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20306626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306626" title="Mount Mumpu">
Mount Mumpu

Mount Mumpu is the tallest free standing mountain in Zambia at nearly 2,000m (6,500 ft). It is regularly used by Chengelo School for expeditions run by Ndubaluba Outdoor Centre. The Western ascent has a route though one of the largest bat caves in southern Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20306638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306638" title="Energy and Environmental Science">
Energy and Environmental Science

Energy and Environmental Science is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original (primary) research and review articles. The journal covers work of an interdisciplinary nature in the (bio)chemical and (bio)physical sciences and chemical engineering disciplines. "Energy & Environmental Science" is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry and the editor-in-chief is Nathan Lewis (California Institute of Technology).
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 11.653, ranking it 12th out of 152 journals in the category "Chemistry, Multidisciplinary", third out of 81 journals in the category "Energy & Fuels", third out of 133 journals in the category "Engineering, Chemical", and first among 205 journals in the category "Environmental Sciences".
Article types.
"Energy & Environmental Science" publishes the following types of articles: Research Papers (original scientific work); Review Articles, Perspectives, and Minireviews (feature review-type articles of broad interest); Communications (original scientific work of an urgent nature), Opinions (personal, often speculative, viewpoints or hypotheses on a current topic), and Analysis Articles (in-depth examination of energy and environmental technologies, strategies, policies, and general conceptual frameworks of general interest).
Abstracting and indexing.
According to the Thomson Reuters Master Journal List and CASSI, this journal is indexed by the following services:

</doc>
<doc id="20306644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306644" title="Roccaporena">
Roccaporena

Roccaporena is a "frazione" of the "comune" (municipality) of Cascia, Umbria, central Italy. It is located at 707 m of altitude, and, according to 2001 census, it had 71 inhabitants.
Overview.
Roccaporena is known to have existed since the Middle Ages: in 1381 Saint Rita of Cascia was born here. The "scoglio di Santa Rita" ("Rock of St. Rita") is traditionally believed to be the place where she prayed. Roccaporena is also the site of the saint's house, dating to the 14th century, with the adjoining "Orto del Miracolo" ("Miracle Orchard"), and the 13th-century church of "San Montano", where St. Rita married. One of the highlights of St Rita's house is a 17th-century painting by Luca Giordano.

</doc>
<doc id="20306689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306689" title="Lev Konov">
Lev Konov

Lev Konov () (Born February 11, 1952 in Moscow) is a Russian composer, conductor, and producer. He graduated in Moscow Conservatory in 1980.
Operas.
The first execution: 1994, Russia, Moscow.
Olav Tryggvason, op.50 by Edvard Grieg is included in opera.

</doc>
<doc id="20306691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306691" title="Kelvin Gregorio">
Kelvin Gregorio

Kelvin West B. Gregorio (born August 13, 1984), better known as Kelvin Gregorio, is a Filipino professional basketball player of the Asean Basketball League. He is currently playing for the Philippine Patriots. He was the tenth overall player picked in the 2008 Philippine Basketball Association Rookie Draft by the Sta. Lucia Realtors.
Player Profile.
At 6-foot-4, Gregorio is known for his versatility and can play defense against smaller and even bigger opponent. Gregorio also possesses a great touch from the perimeter and beyond the arc, and can finish the break very well.
He is married to Dennie Lane Gregorio, and they have a son named Khlein Deouz Gregorio.
Player achievements.
"KG" is part of the 70th UAAP Men’s Basketball Mythical Five Selection.
Gregorio is one of the responsible players who led the UE Red Warriors to a 14-0 sweep before losing the 70th UAAP crown against De La Salle University in two games.

</doc>
<doc id="20306706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306706" title="For Lies I Sire">
For Lies I Sire

For Lies I Sire is the tenth studio album by British doom metal pioneers My Dying Bride, released on 23 March 2009 via Peaceville Records and 21 April 2009 in the United States. It is the first album without keyboardist Sarah Stanton since she joined My Dying Bride in 2004 for their "Songs of Darkness, Words of Light" album. Musically, it is their first album since 1996's "Like Gods of the Sun" to feature a violin, performed by new band member Katie Stone. The album was recorded during September 2008 in Manchester's Futureworks Studio.
Musical style.
Andrew Craighan stated that the feel of the album is, in his words, "heading for empty and bleak with flashes of rage." Vocalist Aaron Stainthorpe stated in an interview that For Lies I Sire is "quite possibly the most depressing thing we've created to date", and that it's an album that unites the past of the band with the future.
The album is the first since 1996's album Like Gods of the Sun to feature a violin, this time performed by new keyboardist and violinist Katie Stone. The idea of using violin again has been described by Stainthorpe as adding "a deep range of feeling". The violin parts were well received by critics, as noted under the Reception section.
"A Chapter in Loathing" begins with the same riff that closed the band's last album, A Line of Deathless Kings.
Reception.
Critical reception.
The album was well received by critics. Thom Jurek of Allmusic especially praised Aaron Stainthorpe, calling his vocals "better than ever" and his lyrics "beautifully poetic and streamlined". Jurek also pointed out the entire band being on top-notch, with several good hooks in all instruments, and called the album both a good introduction to the band for new fans, and a good follow-up to fans of all the previous albums. David E. Gehlke of Blistering.com called "For Lies I Sire" to be My Dying Bride's second best album after 1999's "The Light at the End of the World", and especially praised the work of new drummer Dan Mullins, noting that he put out an "inspired performance, even getting colossal drum roll treatment on "My Body, A Funeral" and the death metal-tinged "A Chapter in Loathing"".
At the same time, several critics have noted the departure of death grunts on the later albums, including "For Lies I Sire". Trey Spencer of Sputnik Music feels it has the album lacking important parts and calling it "a shame [...] because musically this is some of the best material they’ve released in over a decade". He also adds that he enjoys the album, but is "constantly waiting for a little extra kick that never comes".
Especially the return of the violin, as performed by Katie Stone, has been praised by critics; the aforementioned Sputnik Music critic noted that Stone often performed in style of past violinist Martin Powell, only using the violin sparsely on certain passages, to surprise the listener. He especially praised the violin usage in the song "My Body, a Funeral", noting that it "is used in a way that seems to extend the lyrics despite the lack of any words". David E. Gehlke of Blistering.com especially praised the album's interplay between the guitar riffs of Andrew Craighan's and Hamish Glencross, and Katie Stone's violin.
Line-up.
This was the first studio release featuring keyboardist/violinist Katie Stone, drummer Dan Mullins and bassist Lena Abé, although the latter two also featured on the 2008 live CD/DVD "An Ode to Woe". Katie Stone resigned from the post to focus on her studies soon after the release of the album, to be replaced by Shaun MacGowan for the upcoming tour and "Bring Me Victory" EP.

</doc>
<doc id="20306707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306707" title="Tutun">
Tutun

Tutun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20306714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306714" title="Chelis maculosa">
Chelis maculosa

Chelis maculosa is a moth of the family Arctiinae. It is found in Southern and Central Europe up to Hungary, in eastern direction it occurs through Ukraine, Southern Russia, Kazakhstan to north-western regions of Chinese Xinjiang.
The wingspan is 32–34 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Galium verum" and at times also other "Galium" species.

</doc>
<doc id="20306734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306734" title="Marshall Mount, New South Wales">
Marshall Mount, New South Wales

Marshall Mount is a suburb of Wollongong in New South Wales, Australia. It is located between the larger centres of Dapto and Albion Park.
History.
In 1829 Henry Osborne, a wealthy Irish immigrant, was granted in the Dapto district known as Marshall Mount, where he settled with his wife Sarah Osborne (née Marshall) in 1833. By the 1840s Henry had added to his estate by securing Charles Throsby Smith’s "Calderwood" , Elyard’s "Avondale", William Browne’s "Athanlin" (Yallah), Brook’s "Exmouth" and numerous smaller grants. Marshall Mount was expanded to reach from Mullet Creek in the north to the Macquarie Rivulet in the south. 
In 1841, Marshall Mount House was completed as the Osborne's new residence and in 1843, Osborne held a cattle show at his property which led to the founding of the Illawarra Agricultural Association.
By the 1850s the Osbornes had become one of the most powerful families in the region, and in 1851 Henry Osborne was elected to the Legislative Council as member for East Camden, representing his constituency in the first Legislative Assembly. (McDonald, 1976; Dowd, B.T., 1960; Hagan, 1997.)
A school opened at Marshall Mount in 1859, and after the death of Henry Osborne in the same year, Marshall Mount road became a public thoroughfare. Marshall Mount remained primarily the property of Osborne's descendants until 1890, when Hamilton Osborne sold twenty-two lots of property to new owners.
In 2009, Marshall Mount is an agricultural/rural district, and is considered a part of the state suburb Avondale, which at the 2006 census had a population of 513. Under the West Dapto Local Environmental Plan, Marshall Mount is currently being considered for residential development by the NSW State Government.
Notable Attractions.
Marshall Mount is the site of the Marshall Mount Old Time Dance, a fortnightly gathering run by the Marshall Mount Progress Association.
The Marshall Mount Public School and Schoolmaster's Residence, opened in 1859, are still standing on Marshall Mount Road and offer an example of typical architectural style of the period.
Marshall Mount House, a colonial-style built on the original site of the Osborne residence, has been a heritage listed building since 1978, due to the significance of its original owner.

</doc>
<doc id="20306740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306740" title="Jamali Balochan">
Jamali Balochan

Jamali Balochan is a village of Khushab District, Punjab Province, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="20306742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306742" title="The Gippslander">
The Gippslander

The Gippslander was am Australian named passenger train operated by the Victorian Railways from Melbourne through the Gippsland region to Bairnsdale. Operating along the Gippsland line daily except Sundays it had buffet car facilities provided. 
The train was named in 1954 to celebrate the electrification of the main line as far Traralgon, but 66 years after the passenger service had commenced along the line. The train was originally hauled by an L class electric locomotive from Melbourne to Traralgon, where an R class steam locomotive took over for the journey to Sale, with the final leg to Bairnsdale hauled by a J class steam locomotive. Steam traction on the service was later replaced by T class diesel locomotives. Throughout the 1970s until the 1980s buffet car "Moorabool" was a regular on the train.
After the decommissioning of the overhead system in the 1980s a variety of diesel locomotives could be seen hauling the train. The "Gippslander" name continues in use today for V/Line intercity services along the line but no special facilities are provided.
External links.
'Classic' Gippslander:
Later years:

</doc>
<doc id="20306750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306750" title="Francisco Combés">
Francisco Combés

Francisco Combés (1620 – 1665) was a Spanish priest who established Christian monasteries in the Philippines in the 17th century.
Combés was born in Zaragoza, Spain. At age twelve, he joined the Jesuit order as a novice at Tarragona, the Roman port city of Tarraconense, located near the coast in the Spanish region of Catalonia southwest of Barcelona. Even before finishing his priesthood, after only six years of study, he expressed the desire to become part of the expedition to the Philippine Islands. He was assigned to Mexico, and from there he joined a group of Roman Catholic missionaries bound for the East Indies.
In 1643, eleven years after entering the Jesuits, together with forty-six other friars he was sent to the Philippines in an expedition by Diego de Bobadilla. Combés finished his theological studies in the Philippines, and was ordained as a Jesuit in 1645. He was assigned to Zamboanga in Mindanao where he ministered for more than a decade to the religious needs of the natives. In the twelve years that he served there he grew to acquire strategic function, and prestige as a leader, becoming ambassador to the Muslim chieftains, among them Sultan Corralat, and the sultans of Jolo.
He traveled to Manila in 1657, and stayed there for two years. He was assigned to Leyte where he remained for three years. He gained deep insights into the history, the customs and traditions, and the language of the island.
Combés was again recalled to Manila in 1662. Sensing the decline in the Spanish hold on the Muslim areas of Mindanao, he tried to persuade the Spanish government, and religious authorities to strengthen or hold on government fortifications in the island.
While on voyage to Madrid, and then to Rome as procurator of the Jesuit order, Combés died on board on December 29, 1665. He was 45 years old.
Combés wrote a book, "Historia de las Islas de Mindanao, Iolo, y sus adyacentes"...Madrid: Herederos de Pablo de Val, 1667, that contains a three-paragraph section on the voyage of Fernão de Magalhães (Englished Ferdinand Magellan) in Philippine waters in March-April 1521. It talks of Magellan and his fleet anchoring in Butuan and planting a cross at a mountain there. From Butuan Magellan and crew sail for Cebu making a brief stopover at an island named "Limasaua". Today, Combés story is seen differently. Instead of anchoring at Butuan, Magellan's fleet is anchored at Limasaua. A mass, which is not mentioned in Combes' story, is held at Limasaua. This phantom mass is celebrated in the Philippines every year and the island Limasaua (now universally spelled with a w in place of u, "Limasawa") is known as the site of the ""First mass in the Philippines"".

</doc>
<doc id="20306751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306751" title="Todorovski">
Todorovski

Todorovski () is a Macedonian surname and is the equivalent of the Bulgarian Todorov and the Serbian Todorović. Notable people with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20306755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306755" title="Coscinia cribraria">
Coscinia cribraria

The Speckled Footman ("Coscinia cribraria") is a moth of the family Arctiidae. It is found in Europe except the most northern parts; also in north-western Africa, Kazakhstan, Siberia, Mongolia, north-western and north-eastern China.
The wingspan is 30–35 mm. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants, including "Festuca", "Calluna vulgaris" and "Plantago lanceolata".

</doc>
<doc id="20306771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306771" title="BNS Haji Mohshin">
BNS Haji Mohshin

BNS "Haji Mohshin" is an establishment of the Bangladeshi Navy, established after the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971, and named in honour of Haji Mohshin. The base is the principal logistics base of the Bangladesh Navy, and is located in Dhaka Cantonment.
Career.
The "Haji Mohshin" currently serves as logistical and administrative support base to the headquarters of the Bangladesh Navy. About 3000 personnel serve at "Haji Mohshin". Some naval training is also provided here.

</doc>
<doc id="20306774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306774" title="Bragg's Mill">
Bragg's Mill

Bragg's Mill may refer to:-

</doc>
<doc id="20306784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306784" title="Grammia quenseli">
Grammia quenseli

The Labrador Tiger Moth, Grammia quenseli, is a moth of the family Arctiidae. In Central Europe the species is found in the Central Alps at altitudes of . They are also present in Northern Scandinavia. It is widely distributed in Polar Eurasia, mountains of Siberia, Mongolia, North China, Japan (Mt. Daisetsu on Hokkaido), Polar North America.
The wingspan is .
The larvae feed on "Alchemilla alpina" and "Plantago alpina".

</doc>
<doc id="20306788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306788" title="Phytopathologia Mediterranea">
Phytopathologia Mediterranea

Phytopathologia Mediterranea is a scientific journal published by the Mediterranean Phytopathological Union, since 1967. It is included in the Journal Citation Reports in the subject category Plant Sciences. The journal publishes original research and reviews in all areas of plant pathology, with special attention to the phytopathological problems of the Mediterranean region.

</doc>
<doc id="20306807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306807" title="Qadirpur gasfield">
Qadirpur gasfield

'"Qadirpur Gas Field"is one of the major gas reserves of Pakistan. The field is located at a distance of 8 km from Ghotki in Sindh Province.
Qadirpur Gas Field is a joint venture between Oil and Gas Development Company Limited (OGDCL), Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Company Pakistan B.V. (KUFPEC), PKP Exploration Limited (PKPEL, a subsidiary of Premier Oil Plc) and Pakistan Petroleum Limited (PPL). OGDCL is operating the field with 75 percent shares while PPL holds 7 percent working interest. 
A total of 45 wells have been drilled in Qadirpur out of which 36 are currently producing. Drilling of additional development wells is planned to maintain gas supply to Sui Northern Gas Pipelines Limited (SNGPL). 
A gas processing facility of 600 MMscfd has been installed at Qadirpur. In order to address declining reservoir pressures, gas compression facilities are being installed at the field to maintain sales gas supply at contractual delivery pressures. The facilities are expected to be commissioned by the second /third quarter of 2010. 
The natural gas is purified by a membrane separation process that removes water vapor and carbon dioxide. The processing equipment was supplied by Honeywell’s UOP Separex™ Membrane Systems division. The process consists of ten trains of membrane skids, each containing many spiral-wound membrane elements.
During the second quarter of 2009-10, average daily sales from Qadirpur was 430 MMscfd purified gas and 25 MMscfd dehydrated gas, which is sold to SNGPL, 45 MMscfd raw gas sold to Liberty Power and 970 barrels of condensate. Additionally, 75 MMscfd permeate gas is planned to be supplied to Engro Power Limited from February 2010.
The field was developed in three phases, increasing its capacity to 500 MMSCFD from an initial 235 MMSCFD. A project currently is in progress, and scheduled for completion by December 2007, to enhance sales to 600 MMSCFD from 500. Development drilling at Qadirpur is continuing to maintain the gas supply to Southern Natural Gas PL.
Average daily sales during third-quarter 2007 from the field was 495 MMscfd of purified gas, 35 MMscfd of raw gas, and 103 bbl of condensate.
Owned by: Oil & Gas Development Company Limited (OGDCL)
Location: Qadirpur, Ghotki, Sindh, Pakistan
Completion Date: August 1995

</doc>
<doc id="20306810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306810" title="Eyelid glue">
Eyelid glue

Eyelid glue, commonly called eye putty, is a type of eye make-up used in East Asia designed to change the "monolid" (eyelid without a crease). Eyelid glue is a water-soluble adhesive that can be easily removed.
History.
Eyelid glue was available in Japan in the late 1970s.
Use.
Double eyelids are considered a sign of feminine beauty in East Asia.
Some women opt for a temporary solution by wearing eyelid glue. The glue is painted on the upper eyelid, which is then pushed upward with a plastic prong and held in place by the adhesive. The glue needs to dry for a minute before holding the fold. 
This method creates or enhances a fold in the eyelid ("double eyelid") that opens up the eye exposing the eyelashes. 
Some men also use eyelid glue.
The glue does not last and must be reapplied after a few hours. Eyelid glue may also cause irritation.
Variant.
A variant called eyelid tape or crease tape comes in a fibrous elastic strip that is trimmed to shape and placed on the eyelid. The tape creates a crease that stays on the eyelid. The tape does not last and must be reapplied after a few hours.

</doc>
<doc id="20306827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306827" title="Kyle Benedictus">
Kyle Benedictus

Kyle Benedictus (born 7 December 1991, in Dundee) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a defender for Scottish Championship side Dundee.
He started his career with Lincraig Boys Club before moving to Dens Park, and had a loan spell at Montrose in 2011.
Career.
Benedictus made his début on 1 November 2008 against Airdrie United at Dens Park, playing the whole game despite being only a youngster making his first senior appearance.
He recently signed a contract extension after breaking into the first team.
A central defender, Benedictus joined Dundee from Lincraig Boys Club after coming to the attention of the Dark Blues through his involvement in Dundee City Council's award-winning Kick-It Kick-Off Learning Centre. 
After impressing on his debut in that match with Airdrie his manager only had praise for him, Jocky Scott told Dundee FC Online afterwards "I thought young Kyle was absolutely brilliant, what he showed me, at his age and on his debut, was different class. He took it in his stride and handled it well."
The next week Scott backed his praise of Benedictus by including him in the starting line up for the trip to Dunfermline Athletic. He again sailed through the match and started his third consecutive game at home to Queen of the South. During the match with the Dumfries club, Benedictus picked up a calf injury and was replaced by Jim Lauchlan.
Although he had only played just over two and a half matches his performances were rewarded by first the Young Player of the Month award and shortly after a new extended contract. On receiving his award Benedictus had praise for the man who replaced him against Queen of the South, singling out Jim Lauchlan he told the press "We train together and he’s taken me step-by-step, telling me where to stand and how to defend in certain positions. He’s been a constant source of encouragement and I think working closely with him in training can only make me a better player."
Scott again had praise for him shortly after he extended his contract, he said "I see a big future for him, hence the reason why I've put him on the new contract."
Benedictus's injury kept him out of action for a couple of months but he made a big step towards a full recovery when he came through 90 minutes in a friendly against junior side Dundee Violet at the end of December.
He returned to the first team when he replaced David Cowan with a couple of minutes remaining in the Scottish Cup defeat away to Celtic. The great form of central defensive pairing of Jim Lauchlan and Craig McKeown meant that Benedictus would have to wait for his moment to return to the side and that came towards the end of January when injuries meant he regained a place in the starting line-up away to Airdrie United. 
Dundee were defeated 1-0 that day and Lauchlan returned to the side a week later meaning Benedictus missed out. He did come back into the side for the 4-1 victory over Livingston at Dens Park in February and looked to be someone that Dundee could rely on to bring into the side whenever needed. 
2009-10 saw Benedictus again used as back up. He made a number of appearances under the management of Scott playing in the Challenge Cup final as a substitute. Scott was replaced by Gordon Chisholm during the season and the new boss gave Benedictus a chance to impress with a full match on the last day of the season against Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Benedictus has proven himself to be more than capable of stepping into the first team if required. On Friday 28 January 2011 he joined Montrose on loan for a month.

</doc>
<doc id="20306836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306836" title="Parthenice Tiger Moth">
Parthenice Tiger Moth

The Parthenice Tiger Moth ("Grammia parthenice") is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Southeastern Canada, and the eastern United States. The moths are common in fields and woodland edges from June to late September. The moth is nocturnal and is attracted to light sources.
The wingspan is about 7.5 cm (3 inches. The forewings and the thorax are black, with a complex network of bold white veining and white margins. The hind wings and abdomen are orange-pink with black patches. The brightly striped pattern of the wings has inspired the common name of Tiger Moth. Their bodies are stout and furry
Caterpillars of the species are dark with contrasting bright markings and covered with stiff hairs. They are toxic like the adults. Many species of tiger moths contain toxic substances, and so the bight patterns of both adults and larvae serve as a warning to predators. Contact with the hairy bodies of these caterpillars can cause skin irritation. Tiger moths have a well-developed hearing organ, or tympanum, on each side of the thorax.The larvae feed on various low growing plants, including dandelion, "Vernonia" and thistles.

</doc>
<doc id="20306840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306840" title="BNS Titumir">
BNS Titumir

BNS "Titumir" is an establishment of the Bangladeshi Navy, founded after the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971, and located in Khulna.
Career.
The "Titumir" is currently under the command of the Commodore Commanding Khulna (COMKHUL). About 2500 personnel serve at "Titumir", which is one of the largest bases in the Bangladesh Navy. It also provides some naval training. Some training schools located here are

</doc>
<doc id="20306847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306847" title="Torch of the Mystics">
Torch of the Mystics

Torch of the Mystics is the fourth album of the experimental rock band Sun City Girls. The 1990 LP cover released on Majora differs from the 1993 CD reissue by Tupelo.
Release and reception.
"Torch of the Mystics" was originally issued by Majora Records solely on vinyl format in 1990. However, due to its compressed and tinny sounding production, the album was remastered and re-released by Tupelo Records in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20306850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306850" title="Gordon E. Romkey">
Gordon E. Romkey

Gordon Emerson Romkey (May 13, 1885 – September 3, 1977) was a general merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Lunenburg in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1928 to 1953 as a Liberal member.
He was born in West Dublin, Nova Scotia, the son of Michael J. Romkey and Margaret S. Ritchie. In 1907, he married Elsie A. Slater. Romkey served on the municipal council and was warden from 1922 to 1928. He was named speaker for the provincial assembly in 1940, serving until his defeat when he ran for reelection in 1953
He died in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20306871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306871" title="National Power Training Institute">
National Power Training Institute

The National Power Training Institute (NPTI) (), an ISO 9001 & ISO 14001 organization, is a National Apex body in India for training and human resources development in the power sector with industry specific technical interface and is the only institution of its kind in India catering to the core power Sector and allied energy sector apart from University Of petroleum and Energy Studies, Dehradun. It is an autonomous body under Ministry of Power, Government of India and caters to the training needs of the power industry in India and abroad. The corporate office of NPTI is at Faridabad, Haryana. NPTI operates on an all India basis through its units in different zones of the country.
History.
The Central Water and Power Commission (Power Wing) established Thermal Power Station Personnel Training Institutes in 1965-1975 at Neyveli (1965), Durgapur (1968), Badarpur, Delhi (1974) and Nagpur (1975) for training the engineers of thermal power stations which were being established in the country during that time. It also established the Power Systems Training Institute (PSTI) in 1972 and Hot Line Training Centre (HLTC) in 1974 at Bangalore. With the bifurcation of the Central Water and Power Commission into the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) and Central Water Commission (CWC) in the 1970s, the Institute came under the Central Electricity Authority (CEA). In the late 1970s the Raj Dekshya Committee set up by the Government of India to improve the power sector of the country recommended among many things formal training for the personnel employed in the power industry. Accordingly the Indian Electricity Rule was amended to make training mandatory for the personnel employed in the generating stations and associated sub stations. With this the Thermal Power Station Personnel Training Institutes under the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) were carved out and formed into a separate autonomous body under the Ministry of Power as the Power Engineers Training Society (PETS) in 1980 to give more importance to Power Training and to have an accelerated growth of the Institutes. Later, in 1993 Power Engineers Training Society (PETS) was renamed as National Power Training Institute (NPTI). Power Systems Training Institute (PSTI) and Hot Line Training Centre (HLTC) was merged with NPTI in 2002.
The National Power Training Institute (NPTI) grew continuously through the tenure of Indian governments. The Institute, which previously conducted training only in thermal power generation has now equipped itself to conduct training in all segments of the power sector i.e. generation, transmission and distribution. In the last four decades of its existence NPTI has trained thousands of engineers, supervisors and technicians from most of the Electricity Boards, public and private sector utilities and personnel from developing nations.
Activities.
NPTI has several short-term and long-term training programs to meet the urgent and long term needs and objectives of the power sector and allied industries. It has trained more than 140,000 power professionals in regular programs for over four decades. 
NPTI is identified as a Premier Nodal Institute for Advanced Learning and Management studies for the higher echelons of the power sector in the advanced and frontier technologies and has also established a `Centre for Advanced Management and Power Studies' (CAMPS) and has been developing comprehensive capsule courses covering areas of Hydro, Thermal, Power Systems, Total Quality Management, Executive Development Training etc., covering technology-management interface, power-environment interface, power financing, privatization and regulatory issues through workshops, seminars, conferences etc. for dissemination of the latest information to blend technology with management in the power sector. 
M.B.A. in Power Management, at CAMPS, is the flagship academic program of the NPTI. This program is approved by AICTE and is affiliated to Maharshi Dayanand University, Rohtak (Haryana), India. 
NPTI provides Consultancy Services to Power Sector organizations in the field of Human Resource Development, Training Need assessment, Recruitment, Preparation of DPRs as per Accelerated Power Development & Reform Programme (APDRP) schemes, setting up of Training Institutes etc. To ensure reliable, safe and quality power for all, NPTI have started distribution franchise programs and have initiated steps which will ensure availability of well trained technicians and linemen.
NPTI serves as a National Certification Authority for the purpose of certification of competence to ensure availability of properly trained personnel to man the Indian Electricity Industry.
NPTI is involved in Distribution Reforms, Upgrades and Management (DRUM) training programs of Ministry of Power, Govt. of India. NPTI is also conducting training programs through learning centres in collaboration with Indira Gandhi National Open University, New Delhi for supervisors & Technicians working in Power Sector. 
A strong publications and training resources unit functioning at NPTI Corporate Office has produced more than 50 manuals covering a wide range of activities in operation, maintenance and managerial practices in the power sector. Also Operation and Maintenance (O&M) manuals have been published in Hindi for supervisory and operational level personnel.
Multimedia Computer Based Training (CBT) has Been identified as one of the cost effective means of delivering consistent high quality training. In view of this, a CBT cell has been established at NPTI, Corporate office at Faridabad and also at other Regional centres for developing the multimedia Self-Learning packages in various technical areas concerning Power Generation, T&D and Management. These packages are widely used by the trainees at the open Learning Centres (OLCs) of NPTI as well as by the other power utilities of the country.
The organisation collaborated with the then Central Electricity Generating Board of the United Kingdom (UK) to modernise the training programs. A number of trainers have been sent to the UK and provided advanced training both in latest developments in the power industry as well as training methodology. NPTI continues its march to share knowledge with other friendly countries by trans-national training ventures In India and abroad.
Courses.
Besides imparting training in the areas of Thermal, Hydro and Transmission & Distribution covering nearly 10,000 power professional of various levels annually, NPTI also conducts following industry interfaced academic programs with the objective to create a pool of committed and competent professionals equipped with appropriate technical skills to steer the Indian Power Sector:
MBA (Power Management).
The program is targeted towards fresh and practicing engineers and is a unique golden opportunity for the Management of Power Utilities to groom bright executives with engineering background who are expected to move to key positions in the near future. In addition to the inputs provided in regular MBA programs, this 'Program with a Difference' lends special emphasis on specific Power Sector issues and ethos to give extra strength to the Indian Power Sector engineers to steer Power Sector of the country in the challenging times ahead. The curriculum design and the learning process emphasize the development of students' skills and abilities to apply management theories and concepts to live problems of electricity industry. The course is duly recognized by AICTE and affiliated to Maharshi Dayanand University, Rohtak.
B.Tech/B.E. (Power Engineering).
The four-year B. Tech. /B.E., in Power Engineering (Mechanical/Electrical) is an AICTE approved course being offered at Badarpur, Nagpur & Durgapur Institutes and are respectively affiliated to GGSIP University, Nagpur University & West Bengal University of Technology.
Post Graduate Diploma in Thermal Power Plant Engineering.
The one year Post Graduate Diploma Course in Thermal Power Plant Engineering was launched in 1996 recognised by AICTE, at its institutes in Badarpur, Nangal, Nagpur, Guwahati, Durgapur and Neyveli.
Post Diploma Course in Thermal Power Plant Engineering.
The Post Diploma Course in Thermal Power Plant Engineering was launched in December 2000 at the four Institutes at Badarpur, Nagpur, Durgapur and Neyveli. It is a one year course.
Post Graduate Diploma Course in Hydro Power Plant Engineering.
The Post Diploma Course in Hydro Power Plant Engineering was launched in 2009 at Nangal, Punjab. It is a nine-month course.
Other courses.
Other courses include
Infrastructure.
NPTI institutes are fully equipped with the latest state-of the art-training infrastructure. They have classrooms, conference halls with audio-visual aids, syndicate rooms, sanctum sanctorum, auditorium & recreational facilities together with trainee and executive hostels, guest houses and staff quarters.
The Training Institutes at Badarpur and Nagpur are equipped with 210 MW digital, full–scope, real–time, fossil-fuel-fired power plant training simulators to provide off-job, hands-on training. Another 500 MW full-scope fossil-fuel-fired training simulator and 430 MW full-scope combine cycle gas turbine simulator have been set up at NPTI Corporate Centre, Faridabad. Despatcher training simulator (DTS) at Power Systems Training Institute (PSTI) is a comprehensive tool for training of power system and load despatch engineers and operators.
A centre of excellence in Geographic information system (GIS) having high-tech training tools for imparting training and consultancy services in the area of GIS-based electricity distribution has also been set up at NPTI Corporate office, Faridabad.
NPTI has workshops and laboratories for providing practical training in preventive and corrective maintenance methods and techniques of power and process industries such as:
NPTI libraries at the Corporate Office and the regional institutes have a large collection of books and video packages related to modern power station technology practices, frontier technologies and managerial aspects. They also subscribe to a number of Indian and foreign technical journals and periodicals.
NPTI's forte in training lies in its training support services such as audio-visual aids, computer compatible projection systems, slide and film projectors, VCRs, recording decks, synchronised projection systems, video recording for mirroring technique etc. together with graphic and photographic studios for development of training materials.
NPTI also has various working and non-working models relating to main systems and equipment of power stations.

</doc>
<doc id="20306879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306879" title="BNS Ulka">
BNS Ulka

BNS "Ulka" is an establishment of the Bangladeshi Navy.
Career.
The "Ulka"' is currently serving under the Commodore Commanding Chittagong (COMCHIT). About 200 personnel serve at "Ulka", which is one of the smaller bases in the Bangladesh Navy. "Ulka" was established as a Naval Base to assist with missile operations. It is administrated by the larger BNS "Isa Khan" base.

</doc>
<doc id="20306894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306894" title="Robert Coleman">
Robert Coleman

Robert Coleman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20306901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306901" title="Gwent Local History Council">
Gwent Local History Council

Gwent Local History Council (previously Monmouthshire Local History Council) was founded in 1954 to promote the study of local history in Monmouthshire, Wales. The Council comprises representatives of local history societies in the historic county. It organises lectures and events and publishes a journal, "Gwent Local History".
Gwent Local History.
"Gwent Local History" (formerly "Presenting Monmouthshire") is a twice-yearly local history journal containing articles on historical topics, with references, book reviews, notes and news, relating to Monmouthshire and south Wales.
The journal is included in the Welsh Journals Online project at the National Library of Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20306913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306913" title="Ben Aldridge">
Ben Aldridge

Ben Aldridge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20306938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306938" title="Moses Elijah McGarry">
Moses Elijah McGarry

Moses Elijah McGarry (February 19, 1878 – June 11, 1949) was a physician and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Inverness in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1928 to 1940 and Inverness—Richmond in the Canadian House of Commons from 1940 to 1949 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Harvard Lakes, Nova Scotia, the son of James McGarry and Ann Tompkins. He was educated at the Guysboro Academy and Dalhousie University. In 1903, he married Florence Irwin. McGarry was named Speaker of the House of Assembly of Nova Scotia in 1939; he resigned his seat the following year to run for a seat in the House of Commons. He died in office at the age of 71.

</doc>
<doc id="20306949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306949" title="Robert Coleman (geologist)">
Robert Coleman (geologist)

Robert G. Coleman is an American geologist. He is a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences. His primary field of expertise is the formation and plate tectonic setting of ophiolites and ultramafic rocks. He is a retired professor of Geology from Stanford University and retired from the U.S. Geological Survey. He continues to conduct research and publish scientific books and articles. See: http://pangea.stanford.edu/research/hp-uhp/bob/coleman.html for more information.
Muslim propagandists are know to falsely claim :
"Dr. Robert G. Coleman (3), Stanford University in USA, did a study on the center of earth gravity and the point in which gravity cosmological radiations meet (the meeting point magnetic gravitational radiations) on earth; he found that this center is Makkah. Makkah, then, is the center of the seven continents as well as the meeting point of magnetic gravitational radiations."
The reference given is : Science Magazine – Vol. 68 – P. 92 – 1992. But it is erroneous, and no such article exists. 
And in fact, volume 68 of Science magazine was issued in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="20306953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306953" title="List of ships of the Bangladesh Navy">
List of ships of the Bangladesh Navy

The Bangladesh Navy currently operates eighty nine surface ships, including Five guided missile frigates, two patrol frigates, one training frigate, six Corvettes, sixty minor surface combatants of various types (including patrol vessels, missile boats, and minehunters), and twenty four auxiliaries. In addition, six shore establishments are maintained.
Bangladesh vessels use the prefix "BNS", standing for "Bangladesh Navy Ship".

</doc>
<doc id="20306957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306957" title="Colours (Hot Chip song)">
Colours (Hot Chip song)

"Colours" is the third single released by Hot Chip from their 2006 album "The Warning". It was released on 14 August 2006, shortly after "The Warning" was nominated for the 2006 Mercury Prize. The single did not chart due to the inclusion of non-promotional stickers with each format.
Critical reception.
The critical reception to the song was mixed. MusicOMH described "Colours" as "one of the album's woozier numbers" and stated it had "layers of smile-inducing vocal harmonies and twinkly synths". Boomkat.com stated that Hot Chip's approach to the song was similar to "Boy from School" by "taka thudding electro heart and pump[ing it full of indie melancholy", while Contactmusic.com said "Colours" "transcends its initial child-like innocence to seem both gorgeous and, somehow, profound." The group chorus harmony was compared to Brian Wilson, while the drum rhythms were said to "sit between Stereolab and The Beta Band".
However, Clickmusic.com said it was one of the "weakest tracks" from "The Warning" and said it was "bland and reptitive". The melody was described as being "as lightweight as Victoria Beckham and less memorable than many of her singles."
Inthemix.com discussed the remix EP. It was said that the Booka Shade remix "tak '(Just Like We) Breakdown' out on a glittering tech-house trajectory that's littered with digitally processed and stuttered vocal noise and dark New Wave atmosphere". Erol Alkan's remix of "Boy from School" was described as "ten brilliant minutes of dark shuffling house, delayed-out cymbal sweeps ushering in delicately-chiming xylophone tones", while Maurice Fulton's remix of "Over and Over" was said to be "disco-funk", having "a tight backdrop of slap bass and razor-sharp snares beneath shimmering organ beds while cutting fragments of the original vocal in and out of the mix".
Although many of the remixes were praised, it was said by Clickmusic.com that the DFA remix of "Colours" "failed to match the brilliance of their version of the band's 'Just Like We (Breakdown)'" with Inthemix.com stating it represented "perhaps the only slight miss-step" on the Australian EP and described it as having "kitschy retro synth stabs and lifeless prog-Krautrock rhythms only starting to really rear into Italo-house tinged life near the very end".
Boomkat.com commented on "Gang Can Dance", with the view that it was "a trickletronica tune that could easily have been a single in its own right".

</doc>
<doc id="20306964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306964" title="Efrydiau Athronyddol">
Efrydiau Athronyddol

Efrydiau Athronyddol (meaning 'philosophical studies') is a Welsh-language academic journal of philosophy published by University of Wales Press on behalf of the Philosophy Section of the Guild of Graduates of the University of Wales. It contains philosophical papers, book reviews and obituaries.
The journal has being digitized by the Welsh Journals Online project at the National Library of Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20306983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306983" title="Dani Coren">
Dani Coren

Dr Dani Coren (, born 12 February 1945) is a former Israeli politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party in 2006.
Biography.
The son of politician Yitzhak Coren, Dani studied at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, gaining a BA in economics and political science, and an MA in political science. He went on to study for a PhD in government at the London School of Economics.
For the 2003 Knesset elections he was placed 30th on the Labor Party's list. Although he missed out on a seat when the party won only 19 seats, he entered the Knesset on 28 January 2006 as a replacement for Avi Yehezkel. He lost his seat in the March 2006 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20306987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20306987" title="Ben Aldridge (actor)">
Ben Aldridge (actor)

Benjamin Aldridge is an English actor, born in Devon. He is notable for his role as Harry Fanshawe, husband of the title character in the 2008 "The Devil's Whore" along with appearances in "Compulsion" (2009). He was noted in Screen International's 2008 "Stars of Tomorrow". He has appeared with the National Youth Theatre and, as of July 2008, he was still undergoing training at LAMDA with a bursary from the Genesis Foundation for young actors.
He recently appeared as Daniel Parish in the period drama "Lark Rise to Candleford".
Personal life.
He went to St Peter's Church of England Aided School in Exeter, Devon.
Filmography.
TV commercials.
Ben Aldridge played Alex Barton in North East ITV Police Investigative Series 'Vera' for T.V. In 'Sandancers' the detective investigates a suspicious death in an army barracks, aided by Joe and an enthusiastic member of the military police. Although the demise of commanding officer Dev initially looks like suicide, a case for murder is quickly established and the team's first task is to find a motive. Sensing a connection to Ollie, a soldier killed in Afghanistan, Vera interviews the victim's loyal comrades and Ollie's grieving family, including brother Alex, played by Ben Aldridge, and discovers a traumatic event that nobody wants to talk about. John Duttine (Heartbeat) guest stars alongside Brenda Blethyn, David Leon, Jon Morrison and Paul Ritter. Last in the series. Postponed from May 13 a second series of the critically acclaimed detective drama Vera.

</doc>
<doc id="20307007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307007" title="William Ratcliff">
William Ratcliff

William Ratcliff may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20307015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307015" title="E. T. Barnette">
E. T. Barnette

Elbridge Truman Barnette (1863May 22, 1933), Yukon riverboat captain, banker, and swindler, founded the city of Fairbanks, Alaska and served as its first mayor.
Biography.
He was born in 1863 in Akron, Ohio. In 1886, he was sentenced to four years in prison in Oregon state for stealing from a partner in a horse-trading venture in Canada. Political connections of the Barnette family saw the sentence commuted after one year, on the condition that Barnette never return to Oregon.
Stampede to Dawson.
Barnette was in Helena, Montana in the summer of 1897 when he received the news of gold strikes in the Klondike. On August 2, 1897, he arrived in Seattle, Washington, where with 160 other passengers, he boarded the steamer "Cleveland", bound for St. Michael, Alaska on the Bering Sea. At St. Michael, Barnette partnered with other stampeders to purchase another steamer, the "St. Michael", with the intention of steaming up the Yukon River to Dawson. Barnette was nominated the captain. He was henceforth known as "Captain Barnette".
The "St. Michael" only made it as far as Circle, Alaska before a series of misfortunes including a breakdown, a fire, an outbreak of disease among the crew, and the freezing over of the Yukon halted any further progress. Barnette set out for Dawson by dogsled, but he arrived to find himself months too late: Every creek already had been staked.
Barnette took a job in Dawson managing mines for the North American Trading and Transportation Company (NT&T). At NT&T, he made the acquaintance of John Healy, an entrepreneur from Montana. Healy laid out a plan to build a railroad from Valdez, Alaska to Eagle, Alaska, what he called an "All-American Route" to the Klondike. Barnette came away with the idea of establishing a trading post at the halfway point, where the railroad would cross the Tanana River (near modern day Tanacross, Alaska). Barnette imagined such a settlement could grow to become the "Chicago of Alaska".
Barnette returned to Helena in 1898, where he married Isabelle Cleary.
Up the Tanana.
In 1901, Barnette partnered with Charles Smith, an acquaintance from Circle, arranging for $20,000 in supplies to be shipped from San Francisco, California to St. Michael. Back in Circle, he purchased the 124 foot steamer "Arctic Boy", steaming down the Yukon to meet the cargo with the intention of carrying it back up the river to establish the trading post. At St. Michael, the "Arctic Boy" was loaded with 130 tons of merchandise, but the steamer ran aground before reaching the mouth of the Yukon and had to be beached in order to save the cargo. Having no other means to transport the merchandise further, Barnette and Smith sold it to local entrepreneurs, only to repurchase it when customs officer James H. Causten invested $6,000 in the enterprise in return for a third share of profits.
The "Lavelle Young".
Barnette and Smith used the $6,000 from Causten to hire Charles Adams, captain of the 150 foot sternwheeler, the "Lavelle Young". Captain Adams agreed to carry the E.T. and Isabelle Barnette, Charles Smith, their employees and their cargo to the head of navigation of the Tanana River, at least as far as the Chena Slough. This was 200 miles short of Tanana Crossing, where Captain William R. Abercrombie had just completed the U.S. Army's trail between Valdez and Eagle. The construction of the Valdez-Eagle Trail seemed to confirm Healy's vision of the "All-American Route" to the Klondike. But it was late in the year, when Alaska's glacier-fed rivers run shallow, and Adams doubted that the heavily-laden steamer could make it that far.
In August 1901, the "Lavelle Young" set out from St. Michael. Late in the month, it reached the shallow Bates Rapids (near Big Delta, Alaska) of the Tanana River and could proceed no further. Barnette convinced Adams to attempt a detour. Believing that it was possible to use the Chena River to bypass the Bates Rapids, Barnette directed Adams to return to the Chena Slough. But the plan failed when they ran up against sandbars only 6–8 miles above the mouth of the Chena River. Adams refused to proceed further. At 4 p.m. on August 26, the passengers and cargo were unloaded on a spruce-covered bluff on the south side of the river. "We left Barnette furious," Adams recalled. "His wife was weeping on the bank."
Barnette's disappointment was somewhat relieved when an Italian prospector named Felice Pedroni(Felix Pedro) and his partner Tom Gilmore arrived on the site and immediately purchased a winter's worth of supplies, including beans, bacon and flour. Pedroni and Gilmore were working the Tanana Hills, searching for a creek that had yielded gold some years earlier, when they caught sight of smoke from the "Lavelle Young".
Chenoa City.
Barnette and his crew set about constructing a temporary trading post consisting of two log buildings: A 26 by 54 foot store called "Barnette's Cache" (later, "Barnette's Trading Post"), and a small cabin to serve as the Barnettes' residence. The buildings were raised on the site of what would later become the heart of downtown Fairbanks, between Cowles Street and Cushman Street. Barnette named the post "Chenoa City." He decided to pass the winter there, continuing up river to Tanana Crossing the following summer.
During the winter, Barnette sent Dan McCarty, one of his hired hands, to Valdez in order to escort Isabelle's brother, Frank J. Cleary, back to the post. McCarty and Cleary returned on February 20, 1902. Cleary was charged with taking care of the post while the Barnettes made a trip to Seattle to purchase additional supplies as well as a flat-bottomed boat capable of proceeding further up the Tanana. On March 10, E.T. and Isabelle set out by dogsled, crossing the Saint Elias Mountains to reach the port of Valdez. In Seattle, Barnette purchased a boat he named "Isabelle", ordering it shipped in pieces to St. Michael.
The "Isabelle" was assembled to incorporate whatever machinery could be salvaged from the wrecked "Arctic Boy". While Barnette was in St. Michael, overseeing the process, he made the acquaintance of district judge James Wickersham, who had been appointed to the judgeship of the Third District by President William McKinley in 1900. Wickersham suggested to Barnette that he name his post on the Tanana after Wickersham's mentor, up-and-coming Indiana Senator Charles W. Fairbanks. In his July 19, 1902 diary entry, Wickersham recorded that Barnette "promised to do so."
The "Isabelle" was completed in September, but once again it proved to be too late in the year to reach Tanana Crossing. The "Isabelle" could not even make it as far as Chenoa City, grounded by sandbars 4 miles downstream. When Barnette reached the post, using small boats to ferry supplies from the "Isabelle", he was informed that Pedroni had finally located the rich vein that he had been looking for. Pedroni, who had been grubstaked by Cleary in April, had returned in late July to confide his discovery.
The Fairbanks Gold Rush.
Barnette abandoned his plan to continue to Tanana Crossing. On September 27, 1902 he was elected recorder for the newly formed Fairbanks Mining District. At the end of December, with the most immediately profitable claims recorded, Barnette dispatched an employee, a Japanese adventurer named Jujiro Wada, to Dawson to spread the news of Pedro's strike in order to drum up business. January 17, 1903, Dawson's "Yukon Sun" newspaper published a story entitled "Rich Strike Made in the Tanana." Within two days, the story made the front page of "The New York Times". The Fairbanks Gold Rush was on.
Abe Spring, a resident of the Tanana Valley since 1900, and an eventual mayor of Fairbanks, counted "seven or eight hundred people" who braved deadly cold to arrive in the Fairbanks Mining District during the winter of 1902-1903. But the first prospectors to reach Fairbanks were frustrated by creeks that could not be mined in winter and squeezed by price gouging at Barnette's Trading Post. Barnette's monopoly allowed him to set his own prices and bundle products together in whatever fashion yielded the most profit. Prospectors who wanted to buy a bag of flour were also required to by three cases of canned goods. Hungry and destitute, an angry mob of stampeders threatened to lynch Wada, whose story had lured them from Dawson and Circle. Then they marched on Barnette's store. Barnette, expecting trouble, met the mob with a dozen riflemen at his side. Barnette eventually agreed to cut the price of flour by half and dropped the requirement to buy canned goods.
Mayor of "an American Dawson".
James Wickersham, traveling from Dawson to Fairbanks in March, noted crowds of "stampeders" on the road. Wickersham arrived on April 9 to swear in J. Tod Cowles as the Justice of the Peace. He described the town as "just now in its formation period," with a tent city of 500 people. "Miners, sourdoughs, cheechacos, gamblers, Indians, Negroes, Japanese, dogs, prostitutes, music, drinking! It is rough but healthy & the beginning, I hope, of an American Dawson."
On May 4, 1903, Barnette made a trip to Seattle, where was commissioned as postmaster of Fairbanks. In San Francisco, he sold a two-thirds interest in Barnette's Cache to the Northern Commercial Company (NCC). Some years later, NCC would purchase the store entirely. Barnette invested the proceeds in the Fairbanks Banking Company.
Lucrative discoveries of gold in Cleary Creek, Fairbanks Creek and Ester Creek created a boom economy. On November 10, 1903, the residents of Fairbanks voted to incorporate. An election was also held for the mayor and city council. Despite winning only 67 votes to John L. Long's 73 votes, Barnette insisted on being named the first mayor of Fairbanks, pressuring the city council until he got his way.
1904 was a landmark year for Barnette and his city. In the summer, Isabelle gave birth to Virginia, their first child. Barnette's Trading Post, only three years old, was demolished to make way for the Northern Commercial Company's expanded store. Barnette initiated the installation of a telephone system. Judge Wickersham, confirmed in his earlier assessment of the settlement, moved the seat of the Third Judicial District from Eagle to Fairbanks. In November, the city's namesake was elected Vice President of the United States.
By 1905, the city had a church (St. Matthew's Episcopal Church), a hospital, and a bridge at Cushman Street spanning the Chena. The Tanana Mines Railway (later, the "Tanana Valley Railway") connected the city with the neighboring settlement at Chena. Barnette purchased the "Fairbanks News" newspaper. By 1906, gold production had risen to $6,000,000 a year, and with a population which had surpassed 5,000, Fairbanks rivaled Nome as Alaska's largest city.
"Causten v. Barnette".
On May 22, 1906, Fairbanks was ravaged by a fire that destroyed most of the buildings. The same year, Barnette was brought to court by James H. Causten, Barnette's backer from 1901. Barnette had not honored his promise to share a third of profits from the venture which in five years had made him a wealthy man. Before the Washington State Supreme Court, Causten demanded a half of the assets Barnette had accumulated since the time of Causten's investment. Barnette protested that Causten was only entitled to one-third of what had been earned or acquired during the first winter at Chenoa City. During proceedings, Barnette's 1886 imprisonment became public. The "Fairbanks Daily Times" (which had only begun publishing a daily edition that year) ran a banner headline: "EX-CONVICT". On June 26, 1908 the court ruled in favor of Causten, ordering Barnette to pay Causten a third of any assets acquired since he arrived in the Tanana Valley. Among other things, the court observed that “The conduct of appellant Barnette in connection with the suit is not calculated to inspire the greatest confidence.”
The Washington-Alaska Bank.
Barnette purchased the Washington-Alaska Bank in 1909, just as Fairbanks gold production reached its peak. In August 1910, he merged the Fairbanks Banking Company into the Washington-Alaska Bank. Barnette was named the president of the amalgamated bank.
Isabelle Barnette conceived a second child in 1910. Anticipating a difficult birth, she moved to Washington State, where there were better medical facilities. In 1911, a second daughter, Phyllis, was born.
On January 4, 1911, the Washington-Alaska Bank went bankrupt, abruptly closing its doors. Depositors in Fairbanks were out for $1 million. In the dark of March 27, 1911, Barnette fled Fairbanks, taking with him an estimated $500,000 ($10.5 million in 1990 dollars) of dubious provenance. Less than a week later, Barnette was arrested in Los Angeles and charged with embezzling $50,000. The trial took place in Valdez.
In December 1912, Barnette was found not guilty of on all accounts except for a misdemeanor charge of falsifying a financial report. Barnette was fined $1,000. "Fairbanks Daily News-Miner" editor W. F. Thompson called the trial "the rottenest judicial farce the North has ever witnessed." Effigies of Barnette's attorneys were burned at the foot of Cushman Street. Although officially exonerated, Barnette's reputation as a swindler was sealed. Newspapers in the city he had founded took up "Barnette" as a verb meaning "to steal" or "to defraud".
Later life and legacy.
The Barnette family resettled in Los Angeles. In 1918, Isabelle filed for divorce after finding love letters to E.T. from another woman. In 1920, Isabelle was granted custody of the two daughters. E.T. Barnette lived for a time on a palatial estate in Mexico. He died in Los Angeles on May 22, 1933 after injuries sustained in a fall. Isabelle Cleary Barnette died in September 1942 at Agnews State Hospital in San Jose, California.
Barnette Street in Fairbanks is named for E.T. Barnette. The north-south streets of the original Fairbanks townsite were named for the prominent early residents of Fairbanks. The street began at the western edge of Barnette's trading post and ended at the townsite's southern boundaries, where Paul Rickert's farm began. In later years, this southern end of Barnette Street was very near the eastern end of Weeks Field. The development of Bjerremark Subdivision starting in the 1950s extended Barnette Street into South Fairbanks. The two Barnette Streets do not connect, however.
In 1960, E.T. Barnette Elementary School was constructed in Fairbanks, one of several schools built by the Fairbanks Independent School District (the immediate predecessor to today's Fairbanks North Star Borough School District) to handle the population boom in Fairbanks which followed World War II. Isabel Pass in the Alaska Range north of Paxson is named for Isabelle Cleary Barnette.
Barnette is usually remembered by his initials, and there is some doubt about his first name: There are sources which record him as "Eldridge" or "Ebenezer T. Barnette." He appears in some contemporary official documents as "Elbridge T. Barnette".
Common folklore in Fairbanks recalls his name as Ezra Thompson Barnette; the name being coaxed from him during a rather drunken argument in one of the many bars in the red light district on present day 1st St.

</doc>
<doc id="20307023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307023" title="Motive power (disambiguation)">
Motive power (disambiguation)

Motive power can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20307049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307049" title="Auraiya (disambiguation)">
Auraiya (disambiguation)

Auraiya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20307052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307052" title="Alice of Norfolk">
Alice of Norfolk

Alice of Norfolk (c. 1324 – c. 30 January 1352) was an English noblewoman. She was the daughter of Thomas of Brotherton, and a granddaughter of Edward I. She married Edward Montagu, 1st Baron Montagu.
Life.
Alice of Norfolk, likely born about 1324, was the daughter of Thomas of Brotherton, eldest son of Edward I by his second marriage to Margaret (1279?–1318), the daughter of Philippe III of France (d.1285). Her mother was Alice de Hales (d. in or before 1330), daughter of Sir Roger de Hales of Hales Hall in Loddon in Roughton, Norfolk, by his wife, Alice. She had an elder brother, Edward of Norfolk, and an elder sister, Margaret, Duchess of Norfolk.
Alice's father died in August 1338. His only son, Edward of Norfolk, having predeceased him, Alice and her sister Margaret were their father's heirs. In March 1339 Edward III ordered William Trussell, escheator, to deliver to Alice and her husband, Edward Montagu, her share of her father's lands.
Alice's husband fought at the Battle of Crecy in 1346, and was summoned to Parliament from 20 November 1348 to 20 November 1360 by writs directed "Edwardo de Monte Acuto", "whereby he is held to have become Lord Montagu".
Alice of Norfolk died at Bungay, Suffolk, shortly before 30 January 1352, as the result of an assault by her husband, for which crime he and some of his retainers were indicted. In 1361 one William Dunche of Bungay was pardoned for his part in her death, as well as other felonies.
Her heirs were her surviving daughters, Elizabeth, Maud and Joan. At her death, the marriages of two of her daughters were found to belong to the King, and these two daughters were sent to live with Alice's mother-in-law, Elizabeth (née Montfort), who after the death of her first husband, William Montagu, 2nd Baron Montagu, had married Thomas Furnivall, 1st Baron Furnivall (d. before 18 April 1332).
Alice's husband remarried. By his second wife, Joan, whose surname is unknown, he had a son, Edward (d. 4 October 1361), and two daughters, Elizabeth Montagu (d. before 29 November 1361), who married Sir John de Brewes (d. 3 February 1367), and Audrey Montagu, who married Sir Hugh de Strelley (d. before 16 October 1390).
Edward Montagu died 14 July 1361, his only son and heir by Alice having predeceased him. His heir was his seven-week-old son by his second marriage, Edward Montagu, who survived him by only three months. At his death on 4 October 1361 any barony created by writ fell into abeyance, according to modern doctrine, among the surviving daughters of his father.
Montagu's arms were Argent, three lozenges in fess, on each an eagle displayed with a label of three points.
Marriage and issue.
On 4 February 1333 Thomas of Brotherton contracted Alice in marriage to William Montagu, 2nd Earl of Salisbury (born 20 June 1328), son and heir of William Montagu, 1st Earl of Salisbury, by Katherine Grandison, daughter of William Grandison, 1st Baron Grandison. The marriage contract was later declared void.
Alice married instead, before 29 August 1338, William's uncle, Edward Montagu, 1st Baron Montagu (d. 14 July 1361), youngest son of William Montagu, 2nd Baron Montagu (d. 18 October 1319), by Elizabeth Montfort (d. August 1354), daughter of Sir Piers Montfort of Beaudesert, Warwickshire, by whom she had a son and four daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="20307059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307059" title="Fuel Manager">
Fuel Manager

Fuel Manager is a marine fuel management system used to monitor and report fuel usage, with the aim of reducing vessel operator's fuel cost and the harmful emissions. Fuel Manager is developed by Marorka in Iceland. Fuel Manager was released in 2007.
Fuel Manager monitors the propulsion system on-board different types of vessels. It puts operating and environmental parameters in an energy management context. Fuel Manager uses a sophisticated measurement approach to deliver reliable fuel performance information to vessel operators. 

</doc>
<doc id="20307063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307063" title="San Pedro Relocation Center National High School">
San Pedro Relocation Center National High School

San Pedro Relocation Center National High School (SPRCNHS) is a public secondary high school located at Barangay Langgam, San Pedro, Laguna. It is one of the 13 public high schools in the Philippines that offers K-12 Basic Education Program by the Department of Education.
History.
In the early part of 1966, the Carmona Resettlement Project was created; a Priority Project sponsored by the NHA. It is bounded by Tunasan Friar Land of San Pedro, Laguna, a portion of Carmona, Cavite (now known as Gen. Mariano Alvarez) and Dasmariñas, Cavite. The first wave resettlers were the families who lived along the raildroad track of PNR from Taguig to Tutuban, Manila. This totaled to more or less 6,500 households with an average family members of 5 persons, two of whom are schooling age, either in elementary or secondary. The distance to the nearest school approximately 12 kilometers away from home, hampered the education of these children.
By the virtue of Barangay High School Act, the dream of establishing a high school to cater the education needs was realized under the leadership of Councilors Doroteo E. Jumauay Sr. and Francisco Benito. Cognizant of the struggle the students were experiencing, the councilors fetched them straight from Carmona Cavite and proceeded to Malacañang to follow up the said proposal. Apparently indispensable and beneficial it was approved thus the birth of Laguna Resettlement Community High School in 1970 at United Bayanihan, San Pedro, Laguna with Mrs. Bartolomea E. Pedron as Principal.
Later, the joint effort of the community leaders and the municipal government had paved the way of its conversion to SAN PEDRO RELOCATION CENTER NATIONAL HIGH SCHOOL, a national funded high school thru Republic Act 6026 in 1972 with Mrs. Lourdes Z. Javier as the Principal.
With the population growth, it has given way to its expansion, thus the creation of two campuses – the SPRCNHS Langgam Campus in 1986 and SPRCNHS Cuyab Campus in 1989. Acquisition of lots (5.7 hectares at Langgam by Mr. Emilio S. Ulpindo, Principal May 1981 – July 1, 1999) and (additional 1,000 sq.m. at Cuyab by Dr. Edna V. Perez, principal July 1, 1999 – August, 2000) were made possible.
Presently, the school has moved one step bigger again with the opening of its fourth annex, the Landayan Campus on October 25, 2002. Its operation started this June, 2003. This was realized through a Resolution of the Municipal Council with the Honorable Mayor and federated PTA of San Pedro. This is a part of the organization and administration of the present principal, Dr. Victorio N. Medrano.
Mission.
To prepare our students to enter the world of work as employees or entrepreneurs.
To pursue further higher education
To lead quality life in a democratic, just, peaceful, and progressive God–loving society.
Vision.
San Pedro Relocation Center National High School
is envisioned as a Center of Excellence in Technological and Basic Secondary Education
in Laguna in particular and in the Philippines in general.
Philosophy.
As a DepEd institution, the SPRCNHS believes that education is not
an area of knowledge that can be arrogated itself by one profession, nor it is a division
separated and distinct from the society and the times in which it flourishes.
It is a network of knowledge, skills applied to the economic, social
and moral development of self-actualized and productive citizenry.
School publications.
The Root(Ang Ugat) is the official school publication of San Pedro Relocation Center National High School. The newspaper contains news, facts and opinions about the latest school events, competitions, and public affairs in a particular issue. The school paper is sub-divided into four major parts namely: news page, editorial page, feature/literary page and sports page. It publishes every school year consisting of two issues: one issue in The Root, and one in Ang Ugat.

</doc>
<doc id="20307084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307084" title="Welsh History Review">
Welsh History Review

Welsh History Review (Welsh: Cylchgrawn Hanes Cymru) is an English-language academic journal dealing with the history of Wales.
It is published in four parts per volume, one volume every two years. It started publication in 1960 and continues; from Vol. 22 (2003) onwards, it has been published electronically by Ingenta, in addition to the paper version. 
Vols. 1-21 have been digitized by the Welsh Journals Online project at the National Library of Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20307093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307093" title="Compulsion (2009 film)">
Compulsion (2009 film)

Compulsion was a one-off ITV television drama, produced by Size 9 Productions and broadcast on 4 May, 2009. Inspired by the Jacobean tragedy "The Changeling" by Thomas Middleton and William Rowley, it follows a young female Cambridge graduate called Anjika Indrani (Parminder Nagra) and attempts by her father Satvick (Vincent Ebrahim) to force her into a marriage with Hardik (Sargon Yelda) despite her existing happy relationship with Alex (Ben Aldridge). It also starred Ray Winstone as Don Flowers, Satvick's chauffeur, and James Floyd as Jaiman. 
It was originally scheduled to air in Christmas 2008, but was moved to the May Day 2009 date.
Plot.
Compulsion tells the story of Anjika Indrani, a wealthy young Cambridge graduate who is in a secret relationship with fellow graduate, Alex.
Anjika’s father, Satvick, forces her into an arranged marriage with a business associate’s son, Hardick. Satvick’s chauffer, Don Flowers, realises Anjika is not happy with her father’s plans and says he will help her out, on the condition she spends the night with him. Anjika hates him, so she refuses at first, but reluctantly agrees eventually. Hardick collapses on a date with Anjika, and Flowers seizes the opportunity and takes him back to his flat, scattering illegal drugs everywhere, making Hardick look like a dealer.
Anjika’s parents call off the marriage, but Flowers reminds her she needs to keep up her end of the deal. Reluctant, she visits the hotel room Flowers booked and allows him to flirt with her, touch her and smell her, before the pair have sex. Anjika wakes up the next morning and quickly leaves; Flowers awakes and thanks her.
Things are not simple from then on. Anjika makes up the excuse that if Flowers stops providing her brother with drugs, she will bed him again. Flowers realizes Anjika has feelings for him, and makes her beg to take her to bed.
The pair continue in their affair, obviously strongly loving each other. Things complicate, however, when Alex and Anjika reveal their relationship and her parents strongly approve, even arranging a marriage for the two. Anjika becomes stressed, realizing her heart belongs with Flowers despite the age difference, yet she’s in denial and insists she still loves Alex.
Hardick returns and blames his messed up life on Alex, however realises Anjika is to blame. Anjika and Flowers have just had sex when Hardick arrives. He grabs Anjika but a messy Flowers appears, warning Hardick away. Hardick realizes the two had sex, but before he can speak Flowers strangles and kills him.
Anjika’s life continues to go downhill. Her affair with Flowers continues. Flowers presents her with a bracelet, however she says she can’t wear it. Anjika and her friend are collected from a nightclub and Anjika writes a flirtatious text; when asked by her friend she says it’s for Alex, however she is caught sending it to Flowers. Alex discovers this and confronts Anjika, she denies anything with Flowers.
Realizing the affair has gone way out of hand, Anjika prepares a knife for her latest date with Flowers. The two have sex but Anjika remains hesitant, saying she could get Flowers done for rape. Flowers is shocked but admits he loves Anjika and insists that she loves him too, which she does. Flowers then continues to have sex with her, although this time, Anjika pleads him not to. Flowers devastated and in love, puts the knife in her hand and begins stabbing himself in the stomach and then, caught in the moment, Anjika begins stabbing furiously into his side.
She phones the police and says she’s killed a rapist.
The next shot is of Anjika and Alex emerging from their wedding. Anjika seems less than thrilled but puts on a brave smile. As she hugs her mother, she is seen to be wearing Flowers’ bracelet. She gets into the car and stares as the new chauffeur gets in the front seat. She looks out of the window sadly, implying she truly was in love with Flowers.
Broadcast and reception.
Overnight ratings estimated that "Compulsion" was watched by 4.7 million viewers, approximately 22% of the total television audience. The final viewing figure was 5.15 million viewers, the 14th highest figure of the week beginning 4 May 2009; the highest was a "Britain's Got Talent" audition show, watched by 11.98 million viewers. The overnight rating was the second highest for its timeslot on that day, the show beaten by "Ashes to Ashes" which achieved 5.6 million viewers, 23% of the total viewing audience.

</doc>
<doc id="20307110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307110" title="Bariyarpur">
Bariyarpur

Bariyarpur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20307113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307113" title="Michael Dwyer (politician)">
Michael Dwyer (politician)

Michael Dwyer (February 4, 1879 – December 28, 1953) was a businessman and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cape Breton Centre in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1933 to 1939 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Ireland, the son of Richard Dwyer and Bridget Doyle, and came to Canada in 1889. He was educated in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia. In 1907, he married Beatrice S. Campbell. Dwyer was mayor of Sydney Mines from 1926 to 1930. He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the House of Commons in 1926 and 1930. Dwyer served as Minister of Mines and Public Works and Minister of Labour in the province's Executive Council from 1933 to 1938. He resigned his seat to become president and general manager of the Nova Scotia Steel and Coal Company. Dwyer served as Maritime Regional Superintendent for the National Selective Service (NSS) from 1942 to 1945. He was mayor of New Glasgow from 1949 to 1950. Dwyer died in New Glasgow at the age of 74.

</doc>
<doc id="20307114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307114" title="Realm versus Realm">
Realm versus Realm

Realm versus Realm (RvR) is a type of Player versus Player gameplay in Massively multiplayer online role-playing games (MMORPG) where the player base is divided over multiple preset realms that fight each other over game assets. This differs from normal Player versus Player combat in that Realm versus Realm usually depicts a game that is centralized around this combat, as opposed to a game where sporadic Player versus Player combat occurs. In this context, "realm" generally means a geographic territory or political affiliation.
This concept is also referred to as Group versus Group, Race versus Race, Nation versus Nation, or Faction versus Faction depending on the specific implementation in the game under discussion. Contrast with "Guild versus Guild" games (or GvG, in an alternate usage from Group versus Group), such as Shadowbane or Age of Conan, in which players organize themselves into factions of their own creation and design rather than realms which are prebuilt by the game developers.
Origin.
In 2001, Mythic Entertainment introduced a new team-based form of PvP combat with the release of Dark Age of Camelot and called it Realm versus Realm. In RvR, players of each realm team up to fight against players from the opposing realms in team-based combat. This can include normal skirmishes between rival groups that is common in other PvP systems, but also consists of objective-based battles such as taking and holding keeps or capturing enemy relics.
Other games.
Mythic's newest MMORPG, "Warhammer Online", is also an RvR game. It features the conflict between the realm of Order and the realm of Destruction as a core gameplay aspect.
Many other MMORPGs include RvR elements without classifying themselves as a RvR game. Such titles include: 

</doc>
<doc id="20307116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307116" title="Pooja (1975 film)">
Pooja (1975 film)

Pooja (Telugu: పూజ) is a Telugu movie of AVM Productions released in 1975. It was a musical hit, especially for the superhit song "Ennenno Janmala Bandham". . The movie is a remake of the original Kannada movie "Eraadu kanasu" (1974), starring Dr. Rajkumar and music by the same music director duo Rajan - Nagendra.
The music director for the movie was Rajan-Nagendra, Lyrics by Dasaradhi. Some songs were sung by S.P.Balasubramanyam and Vani Jayaram. The song "Enneno Janmala Bandham" is known for the captivating lyrics.
The plot.
It's a musical love story. The hero Ramachandra Rao/Ramu (Ramakrishna) falls in love with a beautiful girl, Lalitha (Manjula) who is also his cousin. He loves her so deeply that he wants to marry her at any cost. His father (Kanta Rao) is the Head of the village, his mother (Savitri) a housewife. Due to some internal disputes between Ramachandra Rao's parents and Lalitha's parents, Lalitha's father (Mikkilineni) denies the proposal. Later according to his parents wish, Ramachandra Rao is forced to marry another girl, Gouri (Vanisri) the daughter of a lawyer (Relangi). But he refuses to accept her as his wife as he is already in love with Lalitha, and does not behave properly with Gouri (now his wife). His parents observe their son’s behavior and leave for pilgrimage, thinking that their absence will bring both wife and husband together. Gouri is very obedient though she is well educated and rich. She loves her husband very much and expects the same from him like any other wife. But her husband continues to neglect her. She even asks him the reason for rejecting her. He says that he is helpless and asks her to go to her mother’s place. She refuses to leave and continues to stay in the same house along with her husband. She prays to her favorite God daily with great devotion. God listens to her at the end and her husband accepts her as his wife and gives her all his love. Watch the movie to discover why the hero suddenly changes his mind and accepts his wife.
The comedy between the lawyer (Relangi), K.V.Chalam and Allu Ramalingaiah is enjoyable. As a whole, the film is a wholesome family entertainment movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20307120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307120" title="Peter Dazeley">
Peter Dazeley

Peter Dazeley FRPS, known as Dazeley, is a photographer living and working in London, renowned for fine art, advertising, anamorphic and nude photography, as well as flower photography.
Biography.
Dazeley was born in West Kensington, London, England, in 1948. Dazeley, son of William and Freda Dazeley MBE, is dyslexic and left school at 15 without formal qualifications. He is married and has a daughter and a son; they live in Coombe Hill, Surrey, England.
Photographic career.
Dazeley studied photography at Holland Park Comprehensive (known as the Socialist Eton) and started assisting the photographer Peter Sowerby at Essex West Studios off Fleet Street, London in 1963. His work has won awards from organisations across the world, including the Association of Photographers, the Royal Photographic Society in the UK, EPICA in France, Applied Arts Magazine in Canada, Graphis Inc. in the USA . Dazeley is one of the few modern photographers working with Platinum prints and is currently working on several projects including X-ray, flowers, pregnant women, anamorphic nude and solarisation (Sabattier effect) photography, out of his own studio complex in Chelsea, London.
Dazeley became a member of the Association of Photographers in 1977 and became a life member in 1984.
In June 2013 Dazeley was awarded a Fellowship by the Royal Photographic Society. Fellowship is the highest distinction of the RPS and recognizes original work and outstanding ability.
Style.
He has developed many imaging techniques in advertising photography that are now the norm in the commercial world, including the use of limited depth of field and the out of focus anamorphic figures as used in the Assume Nothing Campaign for the Terrence Higgins Trust. He has also been prominent in using x-ray photography for artistic purposes.
Acclaim.
Modern art collector Kay Hartenstein Saatchi in the foreword to 21st century platinum (N.p.: Rawkus, 2003) ‘We try and take what is real to its surreal being. With the velvety tones of platinum printing (Platinum prints) the fine art photographer Dazeley does just this, displaying an affinity with the innovations of that arch surrealist Man Ray.’
Andrew Coningsby of the Coningsby Gallery ‘We, in our little gallery, agree that he is one of the most innovative photographers of the moment.’Quoted at Private View of 21st Century Platinum exhibition July 2003
Gavin Blyth of Image Magazine ‘Many of the images have a grotesque beauty which is strangely compelling. In his anamorphic work, the lens stretches and morphs the human form creating an effect similar to Giacometti's famous elongated sculptures. The detail and tonal range achieved in the images is normal for platinum prints.' Image magazine July 2003
‘Jan 2010 - Dazeley has been voted amongst the top 30 most influential photographers of the decade, (Photo District News magazine, "Survey Results: The 30 Most Influential Photographers of The Decade?" online survey by number of votes received)’ 

</doc>
<doc id="20307130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307130" title="SS Murillo">
SS Murillo

Murillo has been the name of a number of steamships

</doc>
<doc id="20307133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307133" title="Grange West">
Grange West

Grange West is an affluent area of Fermoy, Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20307136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307136" title="Branston railway station">
Branston railway station

Branston railway station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20307162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307162" title="Ossian H. Sweet House">
Ossian H. Sweet House

The Ossian H. Sweet House is a privately owned house located at 2905 Garland Street in Detroit, Michigan. Designed by Maurice Herman Finkel, the residence's second owner was physician Ossian Sweet, an African-American, and the site of a confrontation in 1925 between the Sweet family and a mob attempting to force them out of the predominantly white neighborhood. The house was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1975 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Ossian Sweet.
Ossian Sweet was born in Florida and received a medical degree from Howard University. He practiced medicine briefly in Detroit, then continued his medical studies in Vienna and Paris before returning to Detroit in 1924 to accept a position at Dunbar Hospital. He began saving money for a home, and by the spring of the next year had saved $3500. Sweet used the $3500 as a down payment on a $18,500 house located on Garland Street in east Detroit.
The Ossian Sweet House.
The house Sweet purchased is a -story brick house, built in 1919, and is typical of many homes in working-class Detroit neighborhoods. It is a Bungalow-style structure with a full basement, an open porch on the first floor, and an enclosed sun porch on the south side. The second story is covered with brown shingling, and atop the house is a simple gable roof with a central dormer. The house is enclosed by an unpainted silver aluminum fence.
The house is located on the corner of Garland and Charlevoix, in what was at the time an all-white neighborhood. Sweet chose a home in an all-white neighborhood because housing options in black neighborhoods were in general substandard, and he wanted better for his wife and daughter.
September 1925.
Ossian Sweet and his wife, Gladys, moved into the house on September 8, 1925. A group of neighbors in the community, aware of Sweet's imminent arrival, had vowed to keep blacks out of the neighborhood, stating that they intended to maintain "the present high standards of the neighborhood." Sweet knew of the neighbors' antipathy (telling his brother that he was "prepared to die like a man"), and arranged for some friends and relatives to stay with him for a few days. He also brought along guns and ammunition.
The neighborhood was tense, and groups of people gathered outside Sweet's home. The Detroit Police, sensing a grave situation, posted officers at the scene day and night. The following day, September 9, Sweet and his friends went to work. When they returned, the crowd had grown into a mob, throwing rocks and bottles. A "Detroit News" reporter, Philip A. Adler, later testified that the mob consisted of "400 and 500" people, throwing stones that hit the house "like hail." This lasted until around 10pm, when shots rang out from the second-floor window, killing one of the men in the crowd and wounding another. The police arrested all the occupants of the house, charging each with murder.
Aftermath.
The NAACP promised to help the defense, and brought in Clarence Darrow as chief counsel. He was assisted by Arthur Garfield Hays and Walter M. Nelson. Frank Murphy was the presiding judge. The jury consisted of twelve white men. Despite this, Darrow built an impressive case arguing self-defense, and the case ended in a hung jury. The prosecution retried a single defendant, Ossian's brother Henry, but the second trial ended in an acquittal. The verdict in this case was not guilty, and no further effort was made to prosecute Ossian Sweet or the other defendants.
After the trials, Ossian Sweet rented the home on Garland to a white couple until 1930, when he moved back into the house. However, both his wife and two-year-old daughter Iva died of tuberculosis in 1926. Sweet remarried twice, but divorced each time. In 1946, he sold the house, moving into the flat above a pharmacy he owned. In 1960, Sweet took his own life.
A State of Michigan historical marker stands in front of the house at 2905 Garland.

</doc>
<doc id="20307196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307196" title="Hire Association Europe">
Hire Association Europe

Hire Association Europe was formed in 1974 and has around 800 member companies.
Hire Association Europe as a trade association should lobby the Government on behalf of its membership.
HAE is a non-profit making organisation limited by guarantee.

</doc>
<doc id="20307206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307206" title="John Grillo">
John Grillo

John Grillo (born 29 November 1942, Watford, Hertfordshire) is a British actor and playwright who has appeared in many film, television, radio and stage productions.
He was educated at Trinity Hall, Cambridge, and while there was actively involved in student theatre. He performed with Footlights in their annual revue. After Cambridge, he was awarded an Arts Council Playwrighting Bursary and his plays were performed at Nottingham, Glasgow, Oxford and Dublin as well as at the ADC Theatre in Cambridge.
He played Mr. Samgrass in the ITV series "Brideshead Revisited", and Phillip Marriott QC in "Crown Court". He had minor parts in other shows, including "Blackadder II" ("Bells"), "Bergerac", "Taggart" and "Rumpole of the Bailey". He also had a more regular role in Three Up, Two Down, playing the gloomy and pessimistic zoo-keeper Wilf Perkins.
In 1997 he appeared as Mr Carkdale, the English teacher who spoke only in Anglo-Saxon, in two series of Steven Moffat's school-sitcom "Chalk". In 2008, he contributed to the audio commentary for the DVD release.
He is represented by Michelle Braidman Associates.

</doc>
<doc id="20307225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307225" title="Full Fathom Five (DVD)">
Full Fathom Five (DVD)

Full Fathom Five is a live DVD by the band Clutch. The full name of the DVD is Full Fathom Five: Video Field Recordings, differentiating from the accompanying album release "Full Fathom Five". The DVD was released on November 11, 2008.
All tracks were recorded in late 2007 and early 2008 in four cities: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; Sayreville, New Jersey; Boulder, Colorado; and Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20307226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307226" title="Jan Frans van Douven">
Jan Frans van Douven

Jan Frans van Douven, or Johan Francois Douven, (Roermond, 2 March 1656 – Düsseldorf, 1727) was a Southern Netherlandish portrait painter belonging to the Dutch Leyden School. Born in Roermond, he spent most of his life as Court painter in Düsseldorf, now in Germany, where he created most of his works.
Life and career.
According to Houbraken, his father Gerard Douven was a canon priest in the Roermond chapter and had spent several years in Rome, where he learned to appreciate art. He gave his enthusiasm to his son taught him Latin by age eleven and some art techniques. His father died young however (aged 33), and his mother apprenticed him for two years in Liege under the supervision of the painter Gabriel Lambertin (who had also studied in Rome). When his cousin, the painter Chistopher Puitlink, returned from his Rome journey, the young Johan studied with him. His work was noticed by Don Jan Dellano Velasco, the minister of finance in Roermond for Charles II of Spain. He spent 3 years working for him, copying the works of Roman painters for his large painting cabinet.
According to the RKD, he was the nephew of his teacher Christoffel Puytlinck, and the father of the painter Frans Bartholomeus Douven.
In 1682 he moved to Düsseldorf, as the official painter of the Court of Elector Palatine of Rhineland, Johann Wilhelm von der Pfalz-Neuburg (also called Jan Wellem by the local people). Starting from 1682 he worked on a series of paintings ordered by Elector Palatine. These paintings depict scenes from the quotidian life of the Prince and his second wife, Anna Maria Luisa de' Medici ("Scenes from the life of the Court of Düsseldorf"). Van Douven played a major role in the establishment of the Painting Gallery of the Palace of Düsseldorf.
Van Douven also travelled to Vienna, accompanying the Elector Palatine on a journey. On this occasion he painted the portraits of the Emperor and the Empress. He also painted portraits of other princes and aristocrats or celebrities, such as the renowned musician Arcangelo Corelli.

</doc>
<doc id="20307227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307227" title="Studia Celtica">
Studia Celtica

Studia Celtica is an annual journal published in Wales containing scholarly articles on linguistic topics, mainly in English but with some Welsh and German; it also contains book reviews and obituaries. The journal is published by the University of Wales Press on behalf of the University of Wales Board of Celtic Studies. Since 1993 it has also covered literary, historical, and archaeological topics pertaining to Celtic studies. From 1922 to 1992 it was published under the title "Bulletin of the Board of Celtic Studies". "The journal was an immediate success, attracting contributions from some of the leading specialists."
Vols. 1-34 of the journal are being digitized by the Welsh Journals Online project at the National Library of Wales. Later issues are available electronically from the IngentaConnect subscription service.

</doc>
<doc id="20307279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307279" title="The Leisure Society">
The Leisure Society

The Leisure Society is a band formed by Nick Hemming, formerly of early 1990s indie band She Talks To Angels, which included actor Paddy Considine, film director Shane Meadows and bassist Richard Eaton. Hemming wrote and performed music for the films "A Room for Romeo Brass" and "Dead Man's Shoes". He was also a member of The Telescopes.
In 2006 Hemming moved to London to work with multi-instrumentalist and producer Christian Hardy; the pair have subsequently built a live band drawn from members of Brighton's Willkommen Collective and further afield, notably Mike Siddell who previously played violin with Hope of the States and The Miserable Rich and currently performs with Lightspeed Champion and Troubles. Other members of the band played with The Miserable Rich and currently play with Sons of Noel and Adrian and more.
The Leisure Society have been recipients of considerable critical acclaim, being dubbed the English answer to popular U.S acts such as Grizzly Bear, Department of Eagles and Fleet Foxes. Their debut single, "The Last Of The Melting Snow", was honoured with a 2009 Ivor Novello nomination for Best Song Musically & Lyrically.
In July 2009 the band signed with UK label Full Time Hobby, prompting the re-release of "The Sleeper" with a bonus EP entitled "A Product Of The Ego Drain". In September 2009 Brian Eno cited the band as "The only other thing I've been listening to lately with enthusiasm", calling it "Such a beautiful album". This prompted a meeting between Hemming, Hardy and Eno at Eno's London studio.
The third single from "The Sleeper", "Save It For Someone Who Cares", was also nominated for the Ivor Novello in the same category as the previous year, making the band one of very few consecutive nominees.
The band covered children's classic "Inchworm" from "Hans Christian Andersen" for American Laundromat Records charity CD "Sing Me To Sleep - Indie Lullabies", released in May 2010.
Nick Hemming and Christian Hardy also play with childhood friend Tim West in The Climbers, whose debut album was released in May 2010.
The band's second album "Into The Murky Water" was released in May 2011 and received glowing critical praise and gave the band their first chart position. 
The first single from the album, "This Phantom Life", was released with a video starring "Green Wing"'s Mark Heap.
In June 2011 the band were approached by Ray Davies to collaborate on his new songs, resulting in a performance as part of his Meltdown festival.
Touring.
The Leisure Society's debut headline show at London's Bush Hall in January 2009 prompted a 5-star review from "The Independent".
Over the Summer of 2009 the band performed across the UK and Europe, including at The Big Chill, the Green Man Festival and the End Of The Road Festival. The band finished 2009 with a tour of Europe and the UK, culminating in a sold-out performance at St Giles' Church, London, and a session for BBC Radio 2's Janice Long.
In January 2010 The Leisure Society toured The Netherlands, France, Spain, Italy, Switzerland, Germany and Ireland, going on to play various festivals over the summer, including Glastonbury, The Big Chill, Summer Sundae and Vintage at Goodwood.
The band performed a sell out UK and European tour through Summer 2011 in support of "Into The Murky Water", culminating in a highly acclaimed performance at London's Barbican Centre backed by the 40-piece Heritage Orchestra.
In October 2011, the band were asked by Laura Marling to accompany her on her tour of UK cathedrals.
In August 2012, the band played at Greenbelt 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20307289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307289" title="William Stern">
William Stern

William Stern may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20307297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307297" title="Adur festival">
Adur festival

The Adur Festival is a festival in West Sussex, England. It was established in 1987. It has grown steadily over the years from small humble beginnings to its present day size. It now plays host to over a hundred multi-arts community events, performances, exhibitions and workshops throughout the Adur district during the first two weeks of June every year. 
The Adur Festival has developed from a small arts and dance festival into an established and recognised annual arts event in Sussex.
The Festival runs for a fortnight during the first two weeks of June every year and provides opportunities to see and participate in many varied art forms.

</doc>
<doc id="20307321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307321" title="Foundation for Polish-German Reconciliation">
Foundation for Polish-German Reconciliation

The Foundation for Polish-German Reconciliation (polish: Fundacja „Polsko-Niemieckie Pojednanie“, German: Stiftung „Polnisch-Deutsche Aussöhnung“) is a Foundation according to Polish law and has its seat in the Polish capital Warsaw. It was founded in 1992 with the intention to establish an institution for ensuring efficient humanitarian aid to Polish victims of the Nazi-occupation and terror-rule. For these activities the foundation could use a financial budget pieced by different reparation payments to Poland, mainly form institutions financed by the German government and industry but also from Austria and various NGOs. These humanitarian aids financed by the reparation-budget were mainly paid out during the period from 1992-2005. Since that time the Foundation has permanently widened its activities. Currently there are four major fields of work:

</doc>
<doc id="20307322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307322" title="Lucky Dragons">
Lucky Dragons

Lucky Dragons is an experimental music group consisting of Luke Fischbeck and Sarah Rara. Based in Los Angeles, California, the band are noted for their unusual sound, described as having the ability to make "'everyday sounds' become alluringly other".
Lucky Dragons' performances include live music, video projection, and sounds created in collaboration with the audience. They have performed at the Smell, Echo Curio, Dublab, at major international art institutions and at the 2008 Whitney Biennial.
History.
Lucky Dragons were formed in 1999 and have created 19 albums as of November 2008. As well as making music as part of the Lucky Dragons, the band also run a "weekly collaborative drawing society" called Sumi Ink Club and an internet community called Glaciers of Nice.
Fischbeck explained that the duo were a band before they began creating just sounds. He said, "everything we've done since the beginning was to change the simple thing of what it means to be a band. This often, but not always, means making or rearranging sounds."
Style.
Though their songs have been described as having "entered the postsong age", Rara said that she felt music was "still very much in a song age" as "very few people are making work without a specific duration or end point". Rara said that the structure of Lucky Dragons' songs were very different, with some songs lasting only for "a few sputters" and with others that "revolve around shepherd tones and expand for hours". She stated that many of their songs "begin with improvisation" and said it was "like a game where the only rule is that each action must generate a kind of response or new action". The improvisation enables them to "keep moving in several new directions at once".
Fischbeck said "a song in my mind is something that is completed once it is distributed and can come back in a changed form through a listening reaction" and was the element that enabled him to continue to call the band's music songs, as opposed to what he called "the much more technologically neutral 'tracks,' which [don't] imply any human interaction at all".
"The Stranger" described two of the band's older albums, "Norteñas" and "Future Feeling", as "employ a scrappy indietronica approach that sounds like Icelandic cuties Múm if they were raised on UK post-punk spazzes Swell Maps and hit "record" while buzzed on Jolt." Fischbeck noted that he felt the band's music was "maybe a mix between political and healing—meditative punk..."
Music production.
Rara stated that Lucky Dragons sometimes create two albums simultaneously, each with "completely different sensibilities", and upon completion decide which is better and release only that one. Fischbeck said that he liked "newness and creative reuse and multiple points of view" as the band edit sound to "isolate and amplify these aspects of everyday sounds."
The band use acoustic instruments to produce all of their sounds, though "the more 'pure' electronic sounds are processed recordings rather than generated from scratch".
For a project entitled, "Make a Baby", Luke Fischbeck attached a number of wires together so that when two people hold two different wires and touch, it creates sound. The project was said to be "like when Tom Hanks jumps on the keyboard steps in Big. Or when you go to the aquarium for the first time and you realize that's what a starfish feels like, self discovery, science and a taste of natural sorcery."
Live performances.
Rara said that the band's live performances are created with the idea that they should "generate equal power-sharing situations between members of the audience and ourselves." This technique was described as "radical" as it was said to "encourage connections between show-goers over the standard-issue connection between a band and their creation and the audience's emotions".

</doc>
<doc id="20307347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307347" title="Richard le Despenser, 4th Baron Burghersh">
Richard le Despenser, 4th Baron Burghersh

Richard le Despenser, 4th Baron Burghersh (1396–1414) was the son and heir of Thomas le Despenser, 1st Earl of Gloucester (1373–1400), by Constance. Constance was a daughter of Edmund Duke of York, fourth surviving son of Edward III, and Isabella of Castile, a daughter of Peter of Castile. 
He was married to his 2nd cousin Lady Eleanor Neville (a granddaughter of John of Gaunt, a brother of Edmund of York), but died young without leaving issue. His heir was his younger sister Isabel, who married successively Earl of Worcester, and then his cousin, Richard de Beauchamp, 13th Earl of Warwick. 
His widow Eleanor, Lady Burghersh remarried to Henry Percy, 2nd Earl of Northumberland.

</doc>
<doc id="20307401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307401" title="Dante's Disneyland Inferno">
Dante's Disneyland Inferno

"Dante's Disneyland Inferno" is a double album by the Experimental band Sun City Girls.

</doc>
<doc id="20307406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307406" title="RPG-30">
RPG-30

The RPG-30 "Kryuk" ("Hook"; ) is a Russian hand-held anti-tank grenade launcher.
History.
The RPG-30 was unveiled in 2008 by the State Research and Production Enterprise, Bazalt as a modern anti-tank grenade launcher designed to address the threat of reactive armor and active protection systems (APS) on tanks. Active protection systems such as ARENA-E, Drozd and Trophy defeat anti-armor munitions by destroying them before they reach their target. The RPG-30 is an intended response to the introduction of these systems. The RPG-30 has cleared its testing program and is waiting to be included in the Russian state arms procurement program as of November 2008.
Taken into service in 2012-2013.
Description.
The RPG-30 shares a close resemblance with the RPG-27 in that it is a man-portable, disposable anti-tank rocket launcher with a single shot capacity. Unlike the RPG-27 however, there is a smaller diameter precursor round in a smaller side barrel tube, in addition to the main round in the main tube. This precursor round acts as a false target, tricking the target's active protection system (APS) into engaging it, allowing the main round a clear path into the target, while the APS is stuck in the 0.2-0.4 second delay it needs to start its next engagement. 
The PG-30 is the main round of the RPG-30. The round is a 105-mm tandem shaped charge with a weight of 10.3-kg (22.7-lb) and has a range of 200 meters and a stated penetration capability in excess of 600-mm (24-in) rolled homogeneous armor (RHA) (after ERA), 1500-mm reinforced concrete, 2000-mm brick and 3700-mm of soil. Reactive armor, including explosive reactive armor (ERA), can be defeated with multiple hits into the same place, such as by tandem-charge weapons, which fire two or more shaped charges in rapid succession.
Defenses.
In 2012, Israel Defense reported that the Rafael weapons development authority has developed a defense system, the "Trench Coat", against the RPG-30. The report noted that "Trench Coat" consists of a 360-degree radar that detects all threats and launches 17 projectiles, of which one will strike the incoming missile in addition to the precursor.

</doc>
<doc id="20307422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307422" title="Jeanne de Bar, Countess of Marle and Soissons">
Jeanne de Bar, Countess of Marle and Soissons

Jeanne de Bar, suo jure Countess of Marle and Soissons, Dame d'Oisy, Viscountess of Meaux, and Countess of Saint-Pol, of Brienne, de Ligny, and Conversano (1415 - 14 May 1462) was a noble French heiress and Sovereign Countess. She was the only child of Robert of Bar, Count of Marle and Soissons, Sire d'Oisy, who was killed at the Battle of Agincourt when she was a baby, leaving her the sole heiress to his titles and estates. In 1430, at the age of fifteen, Jeanne was one of the three women placed in charge of Joan of Arc when the latter was a prisoner in the castle of John II of Luxembourg, Count of Ligny, Jeanne's stepfather. 
She was the first wife of Louis of Luxembourg, Count of Saint-Pol, of Brienne, de Ligny, and Conversano, Constable of France. From their marriage descended Mary, Queen of Scots, King Henry IV of France and the subsequent Bourbon kings of France.
Family.
Jeanne was born in 1415, the only child of Robert of Bar, Count of Marle and Soissons, Sire d'Oisy (1390- 25 October 1415) and Jeanne de Béthune, Viscountess of Meaux (c.1397- late 1450).
Her paternal grandparents were Henry of Bar, Marquis Pont-à-Mousson and Marie de Coucy, Countess of Soissons, and her maternal grandparents were Robert VIII de Béthune, Viscount of Meaux, and Isabelle de Ghistelles, daughter of Jean VII de Ghistelles and Marguerite de Reingleset. Through her paternal grandmother, Jeanne was a descendant of King Edward III of England and Philippa of Hainault - their eldest daughter Isabella being the mother of Marie de Coucy.
On 25 October 1415, her father was killed at the Battle of Agincourt, leaving Jeanne, who was a baby, as sole heiress to her father's titles and estates. In 1418, her mother married secondly John II of Luxembourg, Count of Ligny and de Guise (1392- 5 January 1441), son of John of Luxembourg, Sire de Beauvois and Marguerite of Enghien, Countess of Brienne and of Conversano. The marriage was childless.
It was Jeanne's stepfather John who received Joan of Arc as his prisoner, and kept her at his castle of Beaurevoir. Joan, who was three years Jeanne's senior was placed in the care of Jeanne, her mother and Jeanne of Luxembourg, John's elderly aunt. The three ladies did all they could to comfort Joan in her captivity, and unsuccessfully tried to persuade her to abandon her masculine clothing for feminine attire. They earned Joan's gratitude for their kind and compassionate treatment of her. Despite the pleas of Jeanne and the other two women, John sold Joan of Arc to the English, who were his allies, for 10,000 livres.
Marriage and issue.
On 16 July 1435, at the age of twenty, Jeanne married Louis of Luxembourg, Count of Saint-Pol, Brienne, de Ligny, and Conversano, Constable of France (1418- 19 December 1475). The marriage took place at the Chateau de Bohain. She was Louis' first wife. Louis was the eldest son of Peter of Luxembourg, Count of Saint-Pol, Brienne, and Conversano, by his wife Margaret de Baux. His elder sister was Jacquetta of Luxembourg, mother of Queen consort Elizabeth Woodville, by her second marriage to Richard Woodville, 1st Earl Rivers. Louis had been brought up by his paternal uncle, who was Jeanne's stepfather, John II of Luxembourg, Count of Ligny and Guise; therefore the young couple were well-acquainted with one another. John designated Louis as his heir to the counties of Ligny and Guise, but upon John's death in 1441, King Charles VII of France sequestered the estates and titles. The title of Ligny was eventually restored to Louis. The title and estates of Guise were given to Louis' youngest sister, Isabelle as her dowry, which passed to her husband, Charles, Count of Maine, upon their marriage in 1443. 
Jeanne succeeded as Viscountess of Meaux "suo jure" upon the death of her mother in late 1450.
Jeanne and Louis had seven children:
Jeanne died on 14 May 1462 aged about forty-seven years. Her husband married secondly Marie of Savoy, daughter of Louis, Duke of Savoy and Anne de Lusignan of Cyprus, (20 March 1448- 1475), by whom he had three more children. Marie was a younger sister of his daughter-in-law Marguerite of Savoy. Louis of Luxembourg was imprisoned in the Bastille and afterward beheaded in Paris on 19 December 1475 for treason against King Louis XI of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20307463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307463" title="Richard Kugler">
Richard Kugler

Richard L. Kugler is an American thinker and writer on U.S. national security policy and defense strategy.
Life and work.
Dr. Kugler is a widely known, heavily published thinker, writer, and scholar on U.S. national security policy and defense strategy. He is especially known for his analyses of complex policy issues and options, and for producing innovative policies, strategies, plans, programs, and budgets that help shape official thinking. He has been one of the original architects of NATO enlargement as well as multiple other U.S. policy departures in Europe, Asia, and the Persian Gulf. He was a Distinguished Research Professor at the Center for Technology and National Security Policy (CTNSP) of the National Defense University, and is now a senior consultant there. He advises senior echelons of the Office of Secretary of Defense (OSD), the Joint Staff, and the interagency community. He is author or editor of eighteen books in his field, along with many journal articles in "Foreign Affairs", "Survival", and other journals, book chapters, and official studies.
Dr. Kugler, along with F. Stephen Larrabee and Ronald D. Asmus Ronald Asmus were the three RAND analysts who helped establish the US approach toward NATO Enlargement. RAND publicly portrayed this work as one of its most significant accomplishments in over 50 years. The principal work on NATO Enlargement was presented in a Foreign Affairs article ("Building a New NATO) and two Survival articles (Strategic Options and Budget Costs for NATO Enlargement. The London Times portrayed their work as helping redraw the political and military map of Europe. Other noteworthy collaborators of Dr. Kugler are Dr. Hans Binnendjk, Mr. David Gompert David Gompert, Dr. Paul Davis, and Mr. Peter Flory Assistant Secretary of Defense for Global Strategic Affairs.
A political scientist, defense economist, and operations research analyst, Dr. Kugler holds a Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. From 1988-1997, he was a research leader at the public think tank, the RAND Corporation. From 1984-1988, he was director of Department of Defense's (DOD) Strategic Concepts Development Center, where he advised the Secretary of Defense and Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff. From 1975 to 1984, he was a senior executive in the Office of Secretary of Defense. During 1968-1972, he was a United States Air Force officer, including a tour in Southeast Asia. He has been awarded the Distinguished Civilian Service Medal, the Exceptional Civilian Service Medal, the Meritorious Civilian Service Medal,and other decorations.
Dr. Kugler has also taught graduate courses at RAND, Georgetown University and George Washington University in Security Policy Studies (Defense Analysis using Operations Research/Systems Analysis Techniques for policy analysis). Kugler was an adjunct professor of international relations at both universities. Many of his students have gone on to senior level positions in DOD, US Department of State, NATO and other national and international policy-oriented organizations.
Books and documents.
[http://www.foreignaffairs.com/author/richard-kugler]
Dr. Kugler has written thousands of pages of original analysis for the Department of Defense. A great deal of Dr. Kugler's work has been used as the basis for U.S. national security policy during each administration from 1977 to the current administration of President Barack Obama. Dr. Kugler is an analyst and is not involved in politics.
References.
See Also: NATO.int NATO.int/archives [http://www.nato.int/archives/strategy.htm; NATO-Russia-Council.info [http://www.nato-russia-council.info/htm/EN/index.shtml]; Wikipedia: Nuclear Program of Iran Nuclear program of Iran

</doc>
<doc id="20307466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307466" title="Telecottage">
Telecottage

Telecottage is usually a community based facility that is there to assist learning, access to technology, access to work etc. for its local community. The Telecottages movement started in Sweden and the idea has been taken up quite widely, notably in the United Kingdom where at the last count (in 1997) there were some 200 telecottages.

</doc>
<doc id="20307468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307468" title="Décsey">
Décsey

The Décsey family () is a Hungarian noble family originating from the Transylvanian village of Maros-Décse around the late 13th or early 14th century. The full surname and name of the noble house is Décsey de Maros-Décse et Nagy-Doba.
Origins.
Though the exact origins of the family is not known, it is possible that the family dates to the Magyar settling of the area. They were nobles of both the Kingdom of Hungary and the Principality of Transylvania and had properties in Maros-Décse (), Enyed (Romanian: "Aiud"), Kis-Doba () and Nagy-Doba ().
The first documented mention of a member of the Décsey family still in existence is of Péter Décsey, who had received a grant of land from Holy Roman Emperor Sigismund as a gift for services to the Bán of Timişoara, Pipo of Ozora in 1413.
Memorial to Balthasar.
When Balthasar died in 1591, his father Ferencz Décsey had a memorial created in the Reformed Church of Maros-Décse. The memorial shows the family Coat of Arms as well as a eulogy to Balthasar written in Latin. Much of the Latin inscriptions have faded or have been damaged, but the following can be read from the stone memorial:
Coat of arms.
Arms: Argent, growing from a mount in base vert, a dead tree entwined with a serpent proper, crowned or.
The helm ducally crowned.
Mantling: Dexter, or and azure; sinister, argent and gules.

</doc>
<doc id="20307470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307470" title="Linn Stokke">
Linn Stokke

Linn Sem Stokke (born 18 September 1961) is a Norwegian actress, author, singer and composer.
She is the daughter of Ingebjørg Sem and Tor Stokke, both actors. She had her début at the National Theatre as a child, in 1975, and has since acted in over 25 productions there. Stokke became known to a national audience at a young age, in the role of the daughter in the sitcom "Hjemme hos oss" in 1980. She has also worked in international productions, such as "Mio min Mio" (1987) and the Swedish "Om kärlek" (1987) See UTUBE 
In 2006 Stokke released her first album, "Unfolding", described as "jazz-inspired singer/songwriter-pop with more than a little hint of new age." In 2007 she was asked to compose and perform the signature melody for "Symposia 07 and the silent prayer for the earth"
These two songs, "Breathing Love" and "The New Day", are only available on iTunes and www.linnstokke.com
She has also written two books: "Tanker fra en sorg" (Thoughts from a grief) – a collection of poems – and the children's book "Trollet Trym og den hemmelige farven", which has also been translated to Japanese.
Linn lived for seven years with the actor Hans Ola Sørlie, who died in a car accident in 1988. She is currently married to the entrepreneur Atle Brynestad, and in 1997 quit her job at the National Theatre to "set her self free", as she said.
Stokke has two children with her first husband, and two with her second.

</doc>
<doc id="20307471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307471" title="Street sports">
Street sports

Street sports are sports held in urban environments. Other key characteristics attributable include their non-commercial and non-professional nature. Street sports are an expression of the spontaneous, improvisational and creative origins of sport adapted by human ingenuity to the urban environment. In historical terms their origins are traceable to the very earliest evidence of sports in Greek and Roman civilisation. However their rise to prominence can be dated to the Industrial Revolution and the great shift towards urban living that took place during this era. Today their prevalence and diversity are only matched by the diversity and hybridization of culture in our contemporary world. Although ‘street sports’ as a specific branch of sports have not been given the same degree of attention extended to the more conventional branches of sport, it is nevertheless both possible to their and valid to speak in terms of their concept. Street sports are a hybrid form of sport and reflect the adaptation of conventional sports to the cityscape. 
According to contemporary research surrounding the notion of the city it is suggested that the best way to understand its existence is through the prism of an ecology of the city. Viewing the city in this way as a living, bustling and thriving organism helps to cast light on the nature of the city, which is urban and to begin to home in on particular features of urban life. It is only with the advent of this relatively modern perspective on the urban that it has become possible to speak in terms of street sports. Today, with this view established, a variety of sub-disciplines within the phenomena have evolved, with each successive development representing a further refinement of the concepts expression. For example, whereas earlier it may have been natural to discuss skateboarding or stickball in isolation as cultural phenomena occurring in the urban environment, with the introduction of the broader concept of street sports it has become possible to explore a range of urban phenomena in the broader context of the urban. The result has been a greater scope and complexity to our understanding and appreciation of how urban life manifests itself culturally.
According to the UN World Urbanisation Prospects Report of 2008 the question of urbanisation is amongst the most urgent, pertinent and of today. Urbanisation, in the words of the report, is predicted to accelerate in the forthcoming decades transforming at unprecedented rates the majority of the world’s population into ‘city dwellers’.
Terminology.
In the words of Parkour artist Foucan, street sports are a philosophy concerned with the quest of personal and social realisation. A similar point of view can be found in the notion of a philosophy of urban solo climbing expounded by Alain Robert. Sebastien Foucan has also defined the sport of Freerunning as a ‘physical art’. as much a question of identity, spiritual survival and evolution in the contemporary world, as a question of pure sports activity. Likewise, the highwire walker Philippe Petit, whose performance include walking between the WTC towers in 1974, has described his 'interventions' on the urban environment as 'art crimes', suggesting their essence is creative and constitutes an expression - an interaction with the city. Streets sports are to be understood primarily and foremost in the light of these statements as a reflection of human adaptability and interaction with the urban environment.
Many of the sports identified under the rubric are cutting edge or extreme sport disciplines such as Parkour or Free urban solo climbing. The precedents to these sports are to be found in the many and multifarious hybrid forms of conventional and traditional sports that have emerged in the urban environment since the early 20th century. Among those, the most significant include variants of baseball, basketball, cricket, football, fuzzball, hockey and frizbee, which are practiced on a daily basis in every town and city on every continent in the world.
History.
Historical evidence suggests that prior to sports evolving into a professional and later commercial form and migrating to prescribed spaces, they originated culturally, embedded within the immediate surroundings where people lived in society. Commonly associated with ceremony or ritual, but equally with the recreational and creative desires of people, sports were a central aspect of cultural life.
The Ba game, played twice annually to this day on the streets of Kirkwall on the Orkney Islands is an urban form of a cross between football and rugby. Similar football games also survive in a few isolated places in England and Scotland. In Ashbourne, Jedburgh and Workington for example a traditional contest of street football between two factions of the respective towns was originally played on Shrove Tuesday. Today this tradition continues with the contests taking place on Christmas Day and New Year's Day instead. Likewise the influence of street sports on the adaptation of migrant communities in the US to their urban surroundings represents another significant aspect of the phenomena's historical evolution. Various hybrid forms of baseball, basketball and football were and are an integral pursuit of play, recreation and identity in the cultural life of communities across the country. Stickball related to modern day conventional baseball and streetball a variant of conventional basketball are two prime examples.

</doc>
<doc id="20307472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307472" title="WTA Hamburg">
WTA Hamburg

The WTA Hamburg was a women's tennis event that was held from 1982 to 1983 (in Hittfeld) and again from 1987 through to 2002 and was part of the WTA Tour. It existed under several different sponsored names but was most commonly known as the Citizen Cup (1987–1995) or the Betty Barclay Cup (1999–2002). It was held in Hamburg, Germany and was played on outdoor clay courts.
It existed as a lower tier tournament in the first five years of its run but in 1990 was promoted to Tier II status which it maintained for the rest of its run. Steffi Graf holds the record for the most wins at the event, winning it six times consecutively from 1987–1992. She also finished runner-up a further two times.
The event is also infamous for being the location where Monica Seles, the world number one at the time, was stabbed on April 30, 1993 by a German tennis fan during a quarterfinal match with Magdalena Maleeva. Seles never played in Germany again after the incident.

</doc>
<doc id="20307485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307485" title="List of cognitive–behavioral therapies">
List of cognitive–behavioral therapies

Cognitive behavioral therapy is an umbrella term that encompasses many therapeutical approaches, techniques and systems. 

</doc>
<doc id="20307504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307504" title="Mount Wycheproof">
Mount Wycheproof

Mount Wycheproof is a mountain located in the small town of Wycheproof, Victoria, Australia. Standing at above the surrounding terrain, Mount Wycheproof has the distinction of being the smallest registered mountain in the world. The township of Wycheproof is located on the mountain, and a unique geological substance known as Wycheproofite is exclusive to the local area.
History.
The township of Wycheproof is located on the mountain's south western slopes The settlement was started as early as 1846, but the township was not surveyed until 1875. The name 'Wycheproof' originates from the local Aboriginal language, 'wichi-poorp', meaning 'grass on a hill'. The mountain plays a role in the local community, with annual races to the summit of the mountain being played. There are many walking tracks in the area, and local wildlife such as emus and kangaroos can be seen.
Geology.
Mount Wycheproof is a granite outcrop, formed thousands of years ago. Located in a flat grassland area, the rounded terrain of Mount Wycheproof is consistent with that of the surrounding area. Sharing several similarities to nearby Pyramid Hill, Mount Wycheproof is part of the low lying Terrick Terrick range. The mountain rises to a height of above sea level or only above the surrounding plains, making it the smallest registered mountain in the world. The mountain is characterised by a rocky, conical peak, common in the western areas of Victoria. Phosphate materials are relatively rare in Victoria, yet the Wycheproof area is known to have its own unique mineral, known as Wycheproofite. Wycheproofite can be characterised by its pinkish colour and its transparency.

</doc>
<doc id="20307522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307522" title="List of Bermuda T20I cricketers">
List of Bermuda T20I cricketers

Since their first match in 2008, 14 players have represented the Bermuda national cricket team in 3 Twenty20 International (T20I) matches. A Twenty20 International is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having T20I status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC), and is played under the rules of Twenty20 cricket.
The Bermuda Cricket Board was formed in 1948, when the Somers Isles Cricket League amalgamated with the Bermuda Cricket Club to form the Bermuda Cricket Board. They were admitted to the ICC as an associate member in 1969. Bermuda played its first T20I against Scotland in August 2008. 
In total, Bermuda played 3 T20Is.

</doc>
<doc id="20307536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307536" title="CZ 550">
CZ 550

The CZ-550 is a bolt-action hunting rifle series manufactured by Česká zbrojovka Uherský Brod (CZ). The CZ 5005 series is available with a medium or magnum sized action. The CZ 550 rifle resembles the Mauser 98 rifle series, though it is not an exact copy.
Since the CZ 550 magnum size action can be chambered for super magnum cartridges some elephant gun wildcat cartridges were tested (see .585 Gehringer) and others specially designed (see .600 Overkill) with and for this action.
Design details.
As a modern civilian offspring of the Karabiner 98k service rifle the CZ 550 series offers several features and factory options, that are also typical for sporterised Mauser Karabiner 98k ex-service rifles, ranging from various technical departures from the basic Mauser service rifle on to luxury wood grades. Some of the available options were originally developed and introduced by John Rigby & Co. on Rigby Mauser hunting rifles.
Operating mechanism.
The operating mechanism of the CZ 550 series is based on the Mauser M 98 controlled-feed bolt action system though it is not an exact copy. The original Mauser M 98 is a simple, strong, safe, and well-thought-out design that inspired other military and hunting/sporting rifle designs that became available during the 20th century. For the CZ 550 series the action system is machined out of high-grade steel. It also features a double square bridge for mounting a telescopic sight.
Features.
The CZ 550 system consists of a receiver that serves as the systems shroud and a bolt group of which the bolt body has three locking lugs, two large main lugs at the bolt head and the bolt handle serves as a backup in case the primary locking lugs failed. The bolt handle is permanently attached to the bolt and on the CZ 550 series and is turned-down and backwards for use with optical sights.
Another distinctive feature of the CZ 550 system is the controlled-feed mechanism, consisting of a large, non-rotating claw extractor that engages the cartridge case rim as soon as the round leaves the magazine and firmly holds the cartridge case until the round is ejected by the ejector, mounted inside the receiver. The CZ 550 bolt action will cycle correctly irrespective of the way the rifle is moved or positioned during the bolt cycling action or if the cartridge has been fired or not. Only if the bolt is not brought back far enough, sharply enough, in a controlled round feed bolt action the cartridge case may not be cleanly ejected and a jam may result.
The bolt houses the firing pin mechanism that visually and tactilely protrudes from the rear of the bolt indicating if the action is cocked or not. A small disassembly button offers the possibility to access the firing pin and spring. 
The action features a large gas relief hole at the bolt body designed to protect the users head in case of a primer or cartridge rupture or detonation. When the action suffers a catastrophic failure it is designed to deflect the debris away from the operator's face.
The CZ 550 group can be easily removed from the receiver simply by pushing the disassembly button, located at the left wall of the receiver, and then by rotating and pulling the bolt out.
Safety.
A horizontal 2-position safety is mounted on the right side just behind the bolt system. The safety locks the bolt and sear. The user interface consists of a rather compact grooved button that should ensure good operability of the safety with low mounted aiming optics.
Trigger.
The single set trigger on a CZ-550 operates as a single stage during normal operation. However, when it is desirable to have less trigger pull, such as for longer range or very accurate shooting, the trigger can be pushed forward, making it a set trigger. These rifles are factory set with the trigger pull set at approximately in standard mode and approximately in the set mode. Both settings are adjustable.
Barrel.
The rifles have hammer forged steel barrels.
Ammunition feeding.
For some models the internal magazine of the CZ 550 series M 98 system consists of an integral box machined to match the cartridge for which the rifle was being chambered, with a detachable floorplate, that can hold up to 5 standard sized rifle cartridges. Other models are fed by detachable box magazines, that can hold up to 4 standard sized rifle cartridges. The detachable magazines are released by a magazine release located at the front of the trigger guard.
Sights.
Depending on the model various open sight are mounted as standard.
All CZ 550 receivers, except the Minnesota model, have 19 mm dove tails milled into the top of the front and rear of the receiver as factory preparation for telescopic sight mounts (bases in square bridge) or complete mounts for telescopic sights with or without a mounting rail.
Stock.
The stocks vary from model to model and can be made out of wood or polymers.
On CZ 550 MAGNUM STANDARD, HA 550 HUNTER, CZ 550 MAGNUM LUX and CZ 550 SAFARI MAGNUM models one or two steel cross bolts are mounted to distribute the forces and hence the effects of recoil on the stock bedding, reducing the chance to spilt the stock.
Variants.
The CZ-550 rifle is available in two basic variants. These variants technically differ in the size (length and other dimensions) of the action. These variants are offered in several versions. 
Medium size action.
STANDARD<br>
This is the basic version of this rifle series. Available in .243 Winchester and .308 Winchester with a 4 round detachable magazine or .308 Winchester, 7x64mm and .30-06 Springfield with a 4 round fixed magazine.
, with a 2-position safety, adjustable set trigger, open sights, ventilated rubber butt plate, and 1 inch sling swivels. It is mounted in a PUR lacquer stock with a semi-matte finish.<br>
The STANDARD weighs is long and has a barrel.
MC<br>
The same rifle as the STANDARD version, with the addition of a Monte Carlo type walnut stock with a raised comb provided with checkerings and a rubber decelarator buttplate. The chambering palette is .243 Winchester, .270 Winchester, .308 Winchester, 7x64mm, 6.5x55mm and .30-06 Springfield with a 5 round fixed magazine.
LUX<br>
The same rifle as the STANDARD version, with the addition of a Bavarian cheek piece. The chambering palette is .243 Winchester, .308 Winchester and .22-250 Remington with a 4 round detachable magazine or .243 Winchester, .270 Winchester, .308 Winchester, 7x64mm, 6.5x55mm, .30-06 Springfield and 8x57mm IS with a 5 round fixed magazine.
MEDIUM LUX<br>
The same rifle as the LUX version chambered for larger cartridges. The chambering palette is .300 Winchester Magnum with a 3 round detachable magazine or .300 Winchester Magnum, 7 mm Remington Magnum or 9.3x62mm with a 3 round fixed magazine.
AMERICAN<br>
This rifle features a classic American pattern stock with reduced drop at heel, 18 LPI checkering, sporter weight hammer forged barrel and a single-set trigger. There is also a Kevlar reinforced polymer stock available. This rifle is designed for aiming with optical sights only. The CZ 550 American is supplied with 1” steel scope rings. The chambering pallet is .243 Winchester, .308 Winchester and .22-250 Remington with a 4 round detachable magazine or .270 Winchester, 6.5x55mm, .30-06 Springfield and 9.3x62mm with a 5 round fixed magazine.<br>
The AMERICAN weighs is long and has a barrel.
FS<br>
The FS comes with a Mannlicher full length wood stock, made of Turkish walnut. The chambering palette is .243 Winchester and .308 Winchester with a 4 round detachable magazine or .243 Winchester, .270 Winchester, 7x64mm, 6.5x55mm, .30-06 Springfield, 8x57mm IS and 9.3x62mm with a 5 round fixed magazine.<br>
The FS weighs is long and has a barrel.
BATTUE LUX<br>
The same rifle as FS, except that the sights are Battue type and the stock is not full length. This rifle is intended for shooting moving game at shorter than average distances.
The chambering palette is 7x64mm, .30-06 Springfield and 9.3x62mm with a 5 round fixed magazine.<br>
The BATTUE LUX weighs is long and has a barrel.
VARMINT<br>
The VARMINT features a walnut stock without cheekpiece, with reduced drop at heel, furnished with checkering and a ventilated rubber buttplate. There is also a Kevlar reinforced polymer stock available. A heavy hammer forged barrel together with the shape of stock predisposes this rifle for shooting with optical aiming devices only.
The chambering palette is .308 Winchester and .22-250 Remington with a 3 round detachable magazine.<br>
The VARMINT weighs is long and has a barrel.
VARMINT-LAMINATED<br>
The same rifle as the VARMINT model with a more weather resistant laminated wooden stock with reduced drop at the heel, Monte Carlo style cheekpiece and with a strengthened fore-end.
HA 550 HUNTER or ULTIMATE HUNTING RIFLE<br>
The HA 550 HUNTER is primarily engineered for shooting at long distances having high accuracy of fire. The high precision is achieved by applying advanced manufacturing technologies to exacting standards. The stock is made from hand-picked walnut wood. This rifle comes with one-piece dural telescopic sight mount with a 30 mm diameter. The only available chambering is .300 Winchester Magnum with a 4 round fixed magazine.<br>
The HA 550 HUNTER weighs is long and has a barrel.
CZ 750 SNIPER<br>
The CZ 750 SNIPER is primarily engineered for precise target shooting up to 800 m (875 yd). Though a member of the CZ 700 rifle family this rifle is based on the 550 standard action. The rifle has a synthetic thumb hole stock that is adjustable for comb height as well as length of pull. The underside of the fore-end is fitted with a 220 mm long rail that provides an attachment point for a bipod. Two optical sight mounting options are available. A Weaver rail mount comes installed, or by removing the rail, the integrated CZ 19 mm dovetail may be used. The CZ 750 SNIPER also features a muzzle brake, thread protector, mirage band and two 10 round detachable magazines. The only available chambering is .308 Winchester/7.62x51 mm NATO.<br>
The CZ 750 SNIPER weighs is long and has a barrel.
Magnum size action.
The magnum sized action is a magnum variant of the CZ 550 intended for big-game and safari hunting. This action can be chambered for cartridges found in elephant guns. These cartridges are dimensionally larger compared to regular magnum rifle cartridges.
STANDARD<br>
This rifle is the basic magnum size version fitted with walnut wood stock without cheekpiece, furnished with checkering and ventilated rubber buttplate. The stock type allows aiming both with open sights and aiming optics.
Available in .375 Holland & Holland, .416 Rigby and .458 Winchester Magnum with a 5, 3 and 4 round fixed magazine.
The STANDARD weighs is long and has a barrel.
LUX<br>
The same rifle as the STANDARD version, with the addition of a Bavarian cheek piece. Available in .375 Holland & Holland, .416 Rigby, .458 Lott and .458 Winchester Magnum with a 5, 3, 3 and 4 round fixed magazine.
SAFARI MAGNUM<br>
The SAFARI MAGNUM special features include express sights (1 standing, 2 folding), hammer forged barrel and single set trigger. The stock is made from select walnut wood and has a classic safari shape with rubber Pachmayr butt plate to reduced felt recoil. This model is specifically designed for heavy and dangerous game hunting. Available in .375 Holland & Holland, .416 Rigby and .458 Winchester Magnum with a 5, 3 and 3 round fixed magazine.
AMERICAN SAFARI MAGNUM<br>
The same rifle as the SAFARI MAGNUM version, but offered by CZ USA in an American pattern stock available in 3 different laminate color combinations, as well as field and fancy grade American black walnut. There is also a Kevlar reinforced polymer stock available.
H.E.T<br>
The H.E.T. model is a CZ USA model intended for long range shooting with a Bell & Carlson tactical Kevlar reinforced stock with a full length aluminum bedding block, a bull barrel, and a SureFire muzzle break. An oversized bolt handle adds to the ergonomics of the H.E.T. model.
Available in .300 Winchester Magnum, .300 Remington Ultra Magnum and .338 Lapua Magnum with a 5, 5 and 4 round fixed magazine.
The weights and overall and barrel length of the H.E.T. vary with chambering.
Safari Classics.
These rifles are based on the CZ 550 standard and magnum sized actions. CZ USA offers with this series semi custom and custom built rifles intended for big-game and safari hunting. The Express Rifle uses the standard size CZ 550 action and the Magnum Express Rifle uses the CZ 550 Magnum action.
For the standard length action the standard chambering palette is .270 Winchester, .30-06 Springfield, .300 Winchester Magnum, .338 Winchester Magnum, 9.3x62mm, .375 Ruger, .416 Ruger, .416 Taylor and .425 Westley Richards. 
For the magnum length action the standard chambering palette is .300 Holland & Holland, .338 Lapua Magnum, .375 Holland & Holland, .404 Jeffery, .416 Remington Magnum, .450 Rigby, .500 Jeffery and .505 Gibbs. The rifles chambered in .505 Gibbs and .500 Jeffery include a mercury recoil reducer installed in the stock.
Since these rifles offer a lot of options and can built to individual customer specifications the weights and overall and barrel lengths vary. The range of possible chamberings is wider than for other CZ 550 rifles and not limited to the above mentioned standard chambering palette.

</doc>
<doc id="20307540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307540" title="List of Ireland Twenty20 International cricketers">
List of Ireland Twenty20 International cricketers

A Twenty20 International (T20I) is an international cricket match between two teams that have official ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council. It is played under the rules of Twenty20 cricket and is the shortest form of the game. The first such match was played on 17 February 2005 between Australia and New Zealand. The Ireland cricket team played its first T20I match on 2 August 2008, against Scotland as part of the 2008 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier, winning the match by 4 wickets. 
Ireland have won 18 of their 34 T20I matches. William Porterfield is the current captain of the team and has captained Ireland in all 30 of their T20I matches. Paul Stirling holds the record for the highest score by an Ireland player in T20I cricket, with 79 in a five wicket victory over Afghanistan in March 2012. Porterfield is Ireland's leading run scorer in this format, making 516 from 33 innings, at an average of 17.20. Trent Johnston has taken more wickets than any other Irish bowler in T20Is, dismissing 32 batsmen with an average of 19.87. 
This list comprises all members of the Ireland cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is initially arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

</doc>
<doc id="20307568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307568" title="Naghar">
Naghar

Naghar ia a small village, located in Bageshwar district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand. It is about from its district headquarter and is located on the bank of the Pungar river in the Pungar Valley (or Dugpatti). 
The population is about 200 and it is administered through the Kanda tehsil.
Although some villagers still farm, many have now left for places such as Haldwani, Delhi and Lucknow in order to find work.
Majority of Rajpoot (Rautela, Pathani and Kalakoti) live here. It is said to be that Rautela came from “Chhanbillori” a village near Almora. Now fifth generation of Rautela clan belong to Naghar. Some schedule cast families also live here. Now many people are educated and in good job.
Naghar is directly connected to Haldwani, Delhi via road. The nearest railway station is Kathgodam about 200 kilometer away. To reach Naghar from Delhi you can get Uttarakhand transport corporation’s Delhi- Reema Bus service from Anand Vihar ISBT. Kumaun motor owner union (KMOU) provides daily service to Reema at 5 AM from Haldwani.

</doc>
<doc id="20307574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307574" title="List of Netherlands Twenty20 International cricketers">
List of Netherlands Twenty20 International cricketers

Twenty-six cricketers have played a Twenty20 International (T20I) for the Netherlands. A T20I is an international cricket match between two teams that have official One Day International status, as determined by the International Cricket Council. It is played under the rules of Twenty20 cricket and is the shortest form of the game. The Netherlands cricket team played its first T20I match on 2 August 2008, against Kenya as part of the 2008 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier, winning the match by 19 runs. 
In total the Netherlands cricket team have played fourteen Twenty20 International matches, of which Peter Borren have featured in all fourteen. Alexei Kervezee has scored the most runs of any Dutch Twenty20 International batsman, with 289, and has the highest score, 58 not out. Pieter Seelaar has taken the most wickets, with 19, and also has the best bowling figures of 4/19.
This list comprises all members of the Netherlands cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is initially arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

</doc>
<doc id="20307583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307583" title="Visoba Khechara">
Visoba Khechara

Visoba Khechara (unknown - 1309 CE), spelled also as Visoba Khechar or Visoba Khecar, was the yogi-guru of the Varkari poet-saint Namdev (c.1270-1350) of Maharashtra, India. Visoba was a disciple of the Varkari poet-saint Dnyaneshwar (c. 1275-1296). He had linkages with the Varkari tradition as well as the Nath tradition of Maharashtra. He preached the omnipresence of God and thus denounced idol-worship. Though a staunch Shaiva, Visoba has composed verses in praise of the Vaishnava god Vithoba, the patron deity of the Varkari faith. He has also composed a manuscript called the Sansthal.
Etymology.
The name "Visoba" is derived from the word "viṣṇein", which means to relax and relates to the meeting of Visoba with Namdev. The latter part of the name "Khechara" (lit. "one who is moving in air") relates him being a Siddha, a Tantric master possessing magical powers and his linkage to the Nath tradition of Maharashtra. Another theory relates his name "khechara", literally meaning a mule in Marathi, as the name Dnyaneshwar and Muktai called him in contempt, when Visoba refused to believe in their powers.
Life.
Visoba either lived in Amvadhya or Barsi. The story of Visoba's transformation is told in the text Bhaktivijaya of Mahipati. In the text, Visoba's real name is said to be Visoba Chati. He is described as a Brahmin, who hated the Varkari poet-saint Dnyaneshwar and his siblings and created obstacles in their path. Once, when Dnyaneshwar's sister Muktai or Muktabai went to get some earthenware from the potter, Visoba struck her angrily and disallowed the potter to sell her his pans. Disheartened, Muktai returned home and told the tale to Dnyaneshwar. The text says he heated his back by his yogic powers and Muktai baked the food on his back. Astonished by seeing this miracle, Visoba repented and asked for forgiveness from Dnyaneshwar. Initially, Dnyaneshwar calls Visoba "a scavenger bird", which gave him the name "Visoba Khechara". Though, Visoba refused to acknowledge Dnyaneshwar and Muktai, but after knowing their spiritual greatness he became their disciple. Even though elder to Dnyaneshwar, he is described as servant ("Kimkara") of Dnyaneshwar, by poet-saint Bahinabai.
According to the text "Dnyandev Gatha", Dnyaneshwar and Muktai instruct Namdev to journey to temple of Aundha Nagnath in search of a proper Guru. In the temple, Namdev finds Visoba resting with his feet on the sacred Shiva-linga, the symbol of Lord Mahadeva(Shiva). Namdev reproached him for having insulted Lord Sadashiva. Visoba asked Namdev to place his feet elsewhere, wherever Namdev placed Visoba's feet a Linga sprang up. Thus, through his yogic powers, Visoba filled the whole temple with Shiva-lingas and taught Namdev the omnipresence of God. Other texts which record Visoba as the guru of Namdev are Adkar from Sikh text Guru Granth. Some texts call Visoba Khecharnath Nathpanthi, linking him to the Nath tradition.
He also accompanied Dnyaneshwar and Namdev on their pilgrimages. He died in Barsi on Shravana Shuddha Ekadashi (the 11th lunar day in the fortnight of the waxing moon in the Hindu month Shravana) in 1309 CE.
Teachings and literary works.
Visoba denounced idol-worship and advices Namdev to not worship God as a stone image. He says:
A stone god never speaks. What is the possibility then of his removing the disease of mundane existence? A stone image is regarded as God but true God is wholly different. If a stone god fulfils desires, how is it that he breaks when struck? Those who adore a god made of stone, lose everything through their folly. Those who speak and hear that a god of stone speaks to his devotees are both of them fools. Whether a holy place is small or large there is no god but stone or water. There is no place which is devoid of God. That God has shown Nama (Namdev) in his heart and thus Khecar (Visoba) confers a blessing on him.
Though described as a staunch Shaiva (worshipper of Shiva), Visoba has also written abhangas (verses) in praise of the Vaishnava god Vithoba, the patron-deity of the Varkari tradition.
The "Dnyandev Gatha" also mentions "Khechara", as playing at the Gopal-kala festival in the Pandharpur - where Vithoba's chief temple is located - along with the brothers Dnyaneshwar, Nivrittinath and Sopan. This also suggests Visoba being a devotee of god Vithoba. Visoba has also written a manuscript called "Satsthal".

</doc>
<doc id="20307637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307637" title="List of Universal Music Group labels">
List of Universal Music Group labels

Universal Music Group owns, or has a joint share in, a large number of record labels listed herein.
Universal Music Group national companies.
Under the Universal Music branding.
Note: Universal Music Group companies around the world are generally licensed to use most of Universal Music Group's legacy labels, such as Polydor, Mercury, etc., as imprints for their local artist repertoire.
Third-party major labels distributed by Universal Music Group.
† Disney Music Group is handled by Universal Music Group Distribution for physical distribution in the United States, while other functions are handled by Disney Themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="20307646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307646" title="Bordj Bounaama">
Bordj Bounaama

Bordj Bounaama is a small, mountaineous town of about 25,000 inhabitants in the heart of the Ouarsenis mountains in northwestern Algeria. The city is a commune and a daïra of the wilaya of Tissemsilt. It was known as Moliere during the French occupation of Algeria (1830–1962), and then as Beni Hendel until 1975. The city is elevated 1098 m above sea level and is attached to Sid Aamar (le Grand Pic) of the Ouarsenis mountains, which rises to 1985 m.
After independence from France, the city held the name Beni Hendel, which was a Berber tribe living in the area several centuries ago. After 1975 the city took its current name, Bordj Bounaama, in memorial to the martyr Si M'hamed Bounaama (also known as Djilali Bounaama) who was born in the city in 1926, and who was the head of the fourth region during the Algerian War of Independence against the French Army (1954–1962) before being killed in Blida on August 8, 1961.
Bordj Bounaama was part of the Departement d'Oran during the French occupation, before joining Al-Asnam (now Chlef) after independence. With the change of name in 1975, it joined the wilaya of Tiaret, before becoming part of the wilaya of Tissemsilt created during administrative redistribution in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20307660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307660" title="Possum Trot">
Possum Trot

Possum Trot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20307663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307663" title="Tom Adeyemi">
Tom Adeyemi

Thomas Oluseun "Tom" Adeyemi (born 24 October 1991) is an English footballer who plays for Football League Championship club Birmingham City.
Adeyemi started his professional career at Football League Championship side Norwich City in 2008, having progressed through the club's youth ranks, and made his professional debut for the club in 2009. During his five-year spell at the club as a professional, he made eleven league appearances. He spent the 2010–11 season on loan to Football League Two side Bradford City, where he made 34 league appearances, and the 2011–12 season on loan to Football League One side Oldham Athletic, making 36 league appearances. He was sent out on loan again for the 2012–13 season, this time to Football League One side Brentford, where he made 30 league appearances. He joined current club Birmingham City in July 2013 on a free transfer, having been released by Norwich.
Early life.
Adeyemi, a Tottenham Hotspur supporter, attended Norwich School and, having worked his way through the club's youth structure, signed professional forms for Norwich aged 17, in November 2008. He opted to decline a university offer from Cambridge University to pursue his footballing career, subsequently gaining A* grades at Advanced Level in Biology and Chemistry and an A grade in Mathematics.
Career.
Norwich City.
Adeyemi made his debut for Norwich's first team on 8 August 2009, as a substitute for Matthew Gill during their heavy 7–1 defeat to Colchester United on the opening day of the 2009–10 season.
Former manager Glenn Roeder, who gave him his professional contract, described him:
"He's very athletic, technically very gifted and one of the nicest young men that I've ever dealt with. He comes from a lovely family, and academically he's incredibly intelligent – I don't think he got anything less than an A grade in his GCSEs. My son goes to the same school and the headmaster told me if Tom decides at any point he doesn't want to play football he can go back to Norwich School, get his A levels and end up at Oxford or Cambridge, and I don't think he means their football teams!"
In March 2010, Adeyemi was named Championship Manager Apprentice of the Year at the Football League Awards.
In July 2010, following Norwich City's promotion to the Championship, Adeyemi joined League Two side Bradford City on an initial six-month loan deal, later extended to a full season loan. He scored on his debut in 3–1 loss against Shrewsbury Town.
He joined League One side Brentford on a six-month loan deal on 29 August 2012.
Oldham Athletic.
Adeyemi signed for League One side Oldham Athletic on a five-month loan deal in August 2011. Adeyemi made his debut for the club in a 1–1 draw with local rivals Huddersfield Town. Adeyemi scored his second goal for the club against Carlisle United after getting his debut goal against Milton Keynes Dons in the televised 2–1 win. During Oldham's FA Cup third round tie against Liverpool at Anfield, Adeyemi thought he was the target of racist abuse from an individual in the stands, which led to a police investigation. An arrest was made, but the Crown Prosecution Service found "insufficient evidence to bring any criminal charges".
On 11 April 2012, at the end of Adeyemi's loan deal, Oldham decided not to extend his deal until the end of the season and allowed him to return to parent club Norwich City. Adeyemi made 45 appearances and scored three goals.
Birmingham City.
On 24 June 2013, following his release from Norwich City, Adeyemi signed a two-year contract with Championship club Birmingham City. Manager Lee Clark described him as "a terrific young lad who is a powerful and athletic midfield player who can get forward and score goals." He made his debut in a 1–0 defeat at home to Watford on 3 August, and remained a regular member of the starting eleven. His first goal came in the League Cup third-round tie on 25 September, as Birmingham beat holders Swansea City 3–1. He stole the ball on the edge of Swansea's penalty area and knocked it to Chris Burke; Burke's return pass left Adeyemi a tap-in.
Honours.
Norwich City

</doc>
<doc id="20307692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307692" title="John Macdonell (judge)">
John Macdonell (judge)

Sir John Macdonell K.C.B. (1 August 1846 — 17 March 1921) was a British jurist. He was King's Remembrancer (1912–1920) and a Knight Commander in the Order of the Bath.

</doc>
<doc id="20307734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307734" title="Róger Pérez de la Rocha">
Róger Pérez de la Rocha

Róger Pérez de la Rocha (; born 27 March 1949, Managua, Nicaragua) is a Nicaraguan painter and portrait artist.
Early life.
Róger Pérez de la Rocha’s parents were Teresa Pérez Rocha and Luis Franco Cortés. He was baptized in the Roman Catholic Church as Róger Antonio. As Pérez himself explains, his name, following the usual practice in Spanish-speaking countries, should actually be Róger Antonio Franco Pérez, but since his father was married to another woman at the time of his birth, he assumed both his mother’s surnames and even added the “de la” to make it sound better.
In 1957, Róger was sent to live with his grandmother, Josefa Rocha, when his mother’s epilepsy made it impossible for her to care for her son. Josefa Rocha’s alcoholic husband, Gonzalo Pérez Estrada, was dead, leaving her widowed and needing to work hard for a living, as she had eight children to care for – seven of her own and Róger.
Róger did not see much of his father when he was a boy, and in 1961, Luis Franco Cortés found himself in Cuba, obliged as he then was to spend time in exile.
Career.
Pérez entered the National Academy of Fine Arts in Managua in 1964. He continued his studies at the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando in Madrid in 1968. He was director of the Upper School of Fine Arts at the Autonomous University of Nicaragua in León in 1971. That same year, he joined the Praxis Group, a group of artists centred at the gallery of the same name. It was active from 1963 to 1972.
He was a founding member of the "Asociación Sandinista de Trabajadores de la Cultura" (ASTC; “Sandinista Association of Workers in Culture”) and director of the "Unión Nacional de Bellas Artes" (“National Union of the Fine Arts”) once the Sandinistas came to power in the Nicaraguan Revolution in 1979. Pérez furthermore completed studies in metal engraving at the Academia de San Carlos in Mexico City.
From the 1970s and, especially, through the 1980s, working from photographs, Pérez painted a whole series of portraits of Nicaragua’s national hero, Augusto César Sandino as well as his generals and soldiers, creating a whole Sandinista iconography. A portrait of Sandino can be seen in the background of the video under "External links".
He has exhibited with other artists in Panama, Cuba, Brazil, the United States, Peru, Spain, France, Bulgaria, the Soviet Union, Mexico and Central America, and alone in Spain, Nicaragua, Costa Rica and Mexico.
Róger Pérez de la Rocha also had a hand in setting up the artists' colony in the Solentiname Islands in Lake Nicaragua.
In 1990 he was honoured with the "Orden de la Independencia Cultural Rubén Darío", conferred by the Government of Nicaragua. A retrospective of his work took place at the Rubén Darío National Theatre in 1994.
Personal life.
Róger Pérez de la Rocha fought a thirty-year battle with alcoholism, which he finally overcame, but not before it had destroyed three marriages. He believes that his work saved him, although he also describes this as yet another addiction.
He has been married five times. His wives have been Marta Luz Padilla, Ángela Saballos, Nelba Cecilia Blandón, Rosa María Sánchez and Luvy Rappaccioli, to whom he is currently married, and with whom he has a daughter, Luisa Margarita del Carmen. He also has a son from his first marriage, Gonzalo Pérez, who is an architect. All Pérez's wives have been Nicaraguan.

</doc>
<doc id="20307737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307737" title="Kopay">
Kopay

Kopay ( Kōppāy)is a town located approximately 4 km from the city of Jaffna along Point Pedro road. It is an agricultural town consisting mainly of vegetable farms, paddy fields and coconut gardens.
The suburb Kopay is blessed with several scholars because of very strong schooling system. Arumuganavalar established the school managed by Suwaminathan is famous for this. Arrival of missionaries strengthened the educational system. Kopay Christian College celebrating 150 years of service remain unbeaten in producing quality scholars.

</doc>
<doc id="20307757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307757" title="Pablo Buitrago y Benavent">
Pablo Buitrago y Benavent

Pablo Buitrago y Benavent, died in 1882, was the 13th President (then called Supreme Director) of Nicaragua from 4 March 1841 to 1 April 1843. He was buried in Santa Tecla, El Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="20307766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307766" title="Cupido alcetas">
Cupido alcetas

The Provençal Short-tailed Blue (Cupido alcetas) is a small butterfly that belongs to the family Lycaenidae. 
First described from Austria by Johann Centurius Hoffmannsegg in 1804, it occurs locally in Southern and Central Europe, Turkey, the Urals, Southern Siberia and Northern Kazakhstan. Larvae feed on leaves and inflorescences of various herbaceous plants of the family Fabaceae (such as "Coronilla sp.", "Galega sp.", "Trifolium sp.", "Vicia sp.") and are myrmecophiles, living in association with ants of the genus "Formica". Depending on the location, the species produces two to three generations annually (in May–June, July–August and in warmer regions in late September).

</doc>
<doc id="20307776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307776" title="Buyongsan (Chuncheon/Hwacheon)">
Buyongsan (Chuncheon/Hwacheon)

Buyongsan is a mountain in the province of Gangwon-do, South Korea. Its area extends across the city of Chuncheon and the county of Hwacheon. Buyongsan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20307785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307785" title="Manuel Pérez (President of Nicaragua)">
Manuel Pérez (President of Nicaragua)

Manuel Pérez, died in 1852, was the 15th President (then called Supreme Director) of Nicaragua from 31 May 1843 to 26 September 1844.

</doc>
<doc id="20307794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307794" title="Ignazio Calvi">
Ignazio Calvi

Ignazio Calvi (Reggio Emilia, 21 January 1797 — Finale Emilia, 17 August 1872) was an Italian patriot and chess player.
After taking part to a popular insurrection in Modena and participating to a military campaign of the Savoia army, he was forced to expatriate. He moved to Paris in 1834, remaining there for 14 years. In the famous Café de la Régence he played many games with the foremost French players, being recognized as a strong master. In 1845 he drew a match with Lionel Kieseritzky (+7 –7 =1).
He contributed many articles to the chess review "Le Palaméde", among them a "Cours d'échecs", which was later translated into English on the "Chess Player's Chronicle". The articles included many diagrams with exercises and endgame studies, most of them composed by himself. He is regarded as the first composer to treat with some depth the theme of underpromotion.
In 1848 he returned to Italy and enlisted in the Piedmont army, taking part in many military campaigns for the cause of Italian unification. In December 1849 he played a series of matches in Modena against the strongest local players, winning most of them: Francesco Discart (+10 –5 =2), Carlo Bonetti (+8 –8 = 4), Francesco Luppi (+4 -0 =0), Marchisio (+2 -0 =0).
In 1859 he was appointed to command the Florence stronghold of the Piedmont army and afterwards he was sent to Parma as an aid to the army general Zucchi. In August of the same year he was named a deputy-member of the newly formed Modena government. He was appointed a representative of the Modena government at first in Parma and then in Ferrara. After serving as an officer in the lawcourt of Naples, he was discharged from the army with the rank of major. He settled in Finale Modenese (now Finale Emilia), where he worked as a pharmacist and was appointed to many public offices.
An endgame study by Ignazio Calvi.
This chess endgame study is regarded as one of the first using the theme of underpromotion. The original solution was not entirely correct and the Dutch composer De Freijter slightly modified the study, adding the initial promotion to Knight. The main theme remained however unchanged.
Solution:

</doc>
<doc id="20307795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307795" title="Richard J. Bernstein">
Richard J. Bernstein

__NOTOC__
Richard J. Bernstein (born May 14, 1932) is an American philosopher, the Vera List Professor of Philosophy and former dean of the graduate faculty at The New School.
Bernstein grew up as part of a middle-class Jewish family in Borough Park, Brooklyn; his family moved to Long Island, New York following World War II. He received an A.B (1951) from the University of Chicago, a B.S. "summa cum laude" (1953) from Columbia University, and his Ph.D. (1958) from Yale University. He took a faculty position at Yale, but in 1965, the university denied him tenure despite the initial unanimous support of his department, leading to student protests and eventually to reforms of the tenure system at Yale. This event, now called the "Bernstein Affair", was “one of the most contested cases of tenure in the United States.” Bernstein then moved to a tenured position at Haverford College, where he taught for 23 years and became the T. Wistar Brown Professor of Philosophy before later moving to The New School. At The New School, the Richard J. Bernstein Endowed Prize Fellowship in Philosophy is awarded to distinguished philosophy students in his honor. In 1981, Bernstein became founding co-editor of "Praxis International", the revived journal of the Yugoslav Praxis School philosophical movement. In 1988, he served as President of the Metaphysical Society of America, and in 1989 as President of the Eastern Division of the American Philosophical Association.
He is best known for his work synthesizing and developing themes from American pragmatism, hermeneutics, and critical theory.
Bibliography.
Bernstein's many books include:
Author
Editor
Books about or dedicated to Bernstein

</doc>
<doc id="20307814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307814" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1975–1978">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1975–1978

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1975 to 1978. The 13 December 1975 election was a double dissolution of both Houses, with all 127 seats in the House of Representatives, and all 64 seats in the Senate were up for election. Malcolm Fraser had been commissioned as prime minister following the dismissal of the Prime Minister Gough Whitlam’s three-year-old Labor government by Governor-General Sir John Kerr, on 11 November 1975. The same day, Fraser advised the calling of the election, in accordance with Kerr’s stipulated conditions. Thus the Liberal Party of Australia, led by Fraser, with coalition partner the National Country Party, led by Doug Anthony, went to the election as a minority caretaker government. The election resulted in the Coalition securing government with a 30-seat swing in the House of Representatives away from Labor.
In accordance with section 13 of the Constitution terms for Senators (except for the four representatives of the territories) was taken to commence on 1 July 1975. Half the Senators representing the States were allocated terms finishing on 30 June 1978 and the other half on 30 June 1981. The terms of Senators representing the territories finished at the dissolution of the House of Representatives for the December 1977 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20307820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307820" title="The Jewish Home">
The Jewish Home

The Jewish Home (, "HaBayit HaYehudi") is a nationalist and religious zionist political party in Israel formed as the successor party to the National Religious Party.
Its political views are far-right". It was originally formed by a merger of the National Religious Party, Moledet and Tkuma in November 2008. However, after its top representative was placed 17th on the new party's list, Moledet broke away from the party, and instead ran on a joint list with Hatikva called the National Union. Tkuma also rejoined the National Union whereas the Ahi faction have joined Likud.
For the 19th Knesset Elections, The Jewish Home and Tkuma parties merged their lists under the leadership of the chairman of The Jewish Home, Naftali Bennett; Uri Bank and his Moledet party supported the merger. The other National Union members formed the Otzma LeYisrael party. The party has ministers in the cabinet of Israel.
History.
The National Religious Party and the National Union originally allied in order to run a joint list for the 2006 elections.
On 3 November 2008 it was announced that the NRP and the Moledet and Tkuma factions of the Union would merge to form a new party. However, the Ahi and Hatikva factions of the Union rejected the merger – their leaders, Effi Eitam and Aryeh Eldad respectively, were both opposed to the party being a religious one, while Eitam was also unhappy that the new party would not hold primaries.
The party was initially nameless. Five names were proposed: "HaBayit HaYehudi" ("Jewish Home"), "Shorashim" ("Roots"), "Atzma'ut" ("Independence"), "Shalem" ("Whole"), and "Amihai" ("My Nation Lives"). In an on-line ballot, the members chose "Jewish Home".
Ya'akov Amidror was chosen to head a public committee formed to choose the party's list for the 2009 elections. On 8 December 2008 Rabbi Professor Daniel Hershkovitz, a mathematician from the Technion, was chosen to head the new party.
When Jewish Home announced its candidate list for the upcoming elections, five of the top six slots went to ex-NRP members. MK Uri Ariel of Tkuma was the sole exception: he received the third slot. Polls then indicated Jewish Home would get five to seven seats, thus making the first six spaces highly contested. The ex-National Union members again complained. Ex-Moledet MK Benny Elon stated that he would not seek reelection and was replaced on the candidate list by American immigrant Uri Bank. The remaining Moledet members broke away and allied with Hatikva in a revived Union (Bank also later switched to the Union.)
On 25 December Tkuma MK Ariel left Jewish Home and joined the Union. This left Jewish Home as little more than a renamed NRP: The Jewish Home, the new National Religious Party.
In the 2009 election, Jewish Home won three seats.
In November 2012 the Jewish Home held separate primaries for leadership of the party. My Israel leader Naftali Bennett won over incumbent MK Zevulun Orlev, winning more than two thirds of the vote and Orlev announced he was resigning from politics. A week later, primaries for the remaining members of the list were held, and Nissan Slomiansky, Ayelet Shaked, and Uri Orbakh reached the top spots. With the National Union breaking up, Uri Ariel officially reunited Tkuma with the Jewish Home to run on a joint list in the 2013 Israeli elections. A few Moledet candidates were included. In the elections that were held on 22 January 2013 the Jewish Home won 12 seats. The Jewish Home entered the Thirty-third government of Israel under prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu and has 3 ministers (Bennett, Ariel and Orbakh) and 2 deputy-ministers (Ben-Dahan and Wortzman).

</doc>
<doc id="20307837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307837" title="2008 Halmstads BK season">
2008 Halmstads BK season

Squad.
First-team squad.
"As of 1 September 2008."
Appearances and goals.
1= Player's number was given to another player after the player left the club.
Allsvenskan.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20307850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307850" title="Breakout (Miley Cyrus song)">
Breakout (Miley Cyrus song)

"Breakout" is a pop song by American recording artist Miley Cyrus. It was released to Radio Disney as promotion for Cyrus' second album of the same name. It was originally recorded by American pop singer Katy Perry as a demo track for her debut album "One of the Boys" but due to not being included in the album, the song was passed on to Cyrus. "Breakout" is a dance-pop whose instrumentation includes keyboard, guitar, and drums while lyrics discuss growing up and being carefree.
Contemporary critics received "Breakout" very well, appreciating its lyrical content. Digital downloads began immediately after the "Breakout"'s release on July 22, 2008, and led to commercial success in Australia, Canada, and the United States; its highest international peak was at number forty-five on the Canadian Hot 100. Cyrus performed the song in several venues; her first, in the 2008 Disney Channel Games was used as a promotional music video and on her first world tour, the Wonder World Tour, it was the opening number.
Development.
"Breakout" was written by Ted Bruner, Trey Vittetoe and Gina Schock of the Go-Go's. It was first recorded by American pop singer Katy Perry, recording the track as a demo for her debut album "One of the Boys", though it was never fully executed for the album and was passed to Cyrus, on whose version Perry sings backing vocals, soon after a leaked version of Katy Perry on the Internet. Perry discussed her role with "Bliss" magazine: "My vocals are actually on "Breakout". I thought, 'Yes, I'm singing on a Miley single'." Cyrus said naming the album "Breakout" was influenced by the song as it was "one of favorite songs" on the album; this was because the song is feminine but has appeals to different age groups: "Moms, dads, sisters, brothers can, you know, relate to it. And it's basically because you just want to go out and have fun with your friends and sometimes, you know, go out dancing and let loose once in a while."
Composition.
"Breakout" is a dance-pop song with a strong use of pop rock elements, lasting three minutes and twenty-six seconds. Written in the key of G major, it follows the chord progression G5—Dsus—Csus2—Dsus, beginning with a fast beat, composed of chiming electric guitar and drums and later progressing to "the snares skip and the keyboards shimmer". In the view of Chris William of "Entertainment Weekly", "Breakout"'s lyrics are "a harangue against life's cruelest inequities", drawing attention to the opening verse, "Every week's the same/Stuck in school's so lame/My parents say that I'm lazy/Getting up at 8 a.m.'s crazy/Tired of bein' told what to do/So unfair, so uncool," though adding that the song was a sign that the "little girl isn't growing up". However, Mikael Wood of "The Los Angeles Times" said the song was indeed about growing up fast, referencing the lines "It feels so good to let go" and "Wish it would never end" and Jodi Rosen of "Rolling Stone" also believed "she's venting the frustrations of a teen who's too grown-up to submit to her parents, teachers or anyone else" with the lines "tired of bein' told what to do".
Critical reception.
"Breakout" received generally positive responses from contemporary critics, with Chris William, writing for "Entertainment Weekly" stating that Gina Schock left influences from The Go-Go's' 1982 hit single "Vacation" with "just the right amount of maturing". Mikael Wood of "The Los Angeles Times" called the song 
"a slightly tougher, more guitar-based sound than last year's "Meet Miley Cyrus"", while Bill Lamb of About.com said the song was one of the "top tracks on "Breakout"" and Heather Phares of Allmusic said the song's "school girl rebellion" was "designed to present the feisty, carefree Miley".
According to Sarah Rodman of "The Boston Globe", "Breakout" is "pure pop realm with the Go-Go's-style fizz" and Jody Rosen of "Rolling Stone" called the song "a more self-possessed [...] sophisticated pop record under her own name". Ash Dosanjh of Yahoo! Music said, "You can forgive Cyrus's lack of poetic profundity because this is a dancefloor smash complete with ecstatic beats pummelling throughout." Along with "7 Things", Robert Christgau called the song "one of the best of "Breakout"". Ben Ratliff wrote for "The New York Times" that "Breakout" "appeals to both age groups", adding, "it’s a girls-only call to fun, but it hints at a decadent, school-free future." However, Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine described "Breakout" as a "noxious Avril Lavigne knockoff— an anti-education screed filled with declarations".
Chart performance.
As it was not released as a single, "Breakout" received exclusive airplay on Radio Disney, thus its chart appearances consisted mainly of digital downloads. On the week ending August 9, 2008, "Breakout" debuted and peaked at number fifty-six in the "Billboard" Hot 100 where it spent seven consecutive weeks. In the same week, "Breakout" was placed at number twenty-seven on Hot Digital Songs and entered the Canadian Hot 100 at number forty-five, where it peaked, spending three consecutive weeks on that chart. "Breakout" also debuted and peaked at number ninety-four in the Australian Singles Chart.
Live performances.
Cyrus premiered "Breakout" at the opening of the 2008 Disney Channel Games, held on May 4, 2008 at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida, as part of Disney Channel's summer-season activities. During performance, a recording of which was aired as a promotional music video on the Disney Channel, Cyrus was dressed in a short, sequined black dress with a red tee shirt and black leggings underneath. On May 17, she performed the song at the 2008 Zootopia and, on July 25, in New York City, at the Rockefeller Center, which was broadcast by "The Today Show". On June 7, 2009, Cyrus performed the song at twentieth annual A Time for Heroes Celebrity Carnival, an outdoor carnival supporting the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation.
"Breakout" was on the set list of Cyrus's 2009 Wonder World Tour, her first world tour. Cyrus performed the song as the opening number at each venue while wearing a black leather tank top and hot pants and a white fur vest. The performances began with Cyrus trapped in a huge, crystal-like ice dome which emerged from the bottom of the stage. As she breaks out of the cocoon, Cyrus begins to sing "Breakout", gradually switching from slow to upbeat tempo and, towards the end of the performances, she and the backup dancers perform on movable scaffolding. Melinda M. Thompson of "The Oregonian" reported that, in the September 14 concert in Portland, Oregon, at the Rose Garden Arena, drew a large response, bringing "screaming teens to their feet as she hit the stage ready to party". Lael Loewenstein of "Variety" stated that the performance in the September 22 concert in Los Angeles, California, at the Staples Center, touched "on the theme of self-reinvention", a theme which Loewenstein thought was to "announce her image reboot". She later performed the song at the Rock in Rio concerts in Lisbon, Portugal and Madrid, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20307863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307863" title="Cold Lake First Nations">
Cold Lake First Nations

The Cold Lake First Nations is a First Nations government, also called a band. This band is the governing body for people descended from several different historic groups, hence the plural, "nations", used in the band's name. In May 2008, there were 2,342 members of this band, of which 1,189 lived within five Indian reserves, about large within the province of Alberta.
History.
Early history.
Oral traditions of the Cold Lake First Nations reach back in time and in traditions similar to those we can expect at the end of the last ice-age .
When its 2020 the new chief will be Kayla Cindy land she was born 2002 June 19 she was only ten years old when she found out she was going to be the first girl chief of cold lake
Fur trade.
In 1716, the peoples in the Cold Lake area were supposedly attacked for the first time by fur trading Cree, who had become owners of firearms by trading with Europeans.
Not before 1800 the groups around Cold Lake started to trade with Europeans on their own, but then they traveled to the trading posts on the Hudson Bay and even to Hochelaga on the Saint Lawrence River.
Treaty No. 6 of the Numbered Treaties.
In 1876 the Dominion of Canada negotiated with Woodland and Plains Cree, and some Nakota as well as with the Dene Sų́łiné peoples around Cold Lake. A Cree decided to go to a piece of land at Willow Point, a territory reaching about south and westwards. It included the Cold Lake, which the Dene Sų́łiné called "Luwe Chok Tuwe" or "Łue Chok Tué" and where they spent the summers, while the winters were spent on Primrose Lake (called in Dene Sų́łiné "Xah Tué").
Northwest Rebellion.
After the Frog Lake massacre of May 1885, the band's main group fled to the Cold Lake in fear of revenge. Despite moderation of a priest, the militia disarmed the tribe. Women and children were sent to a camp on Reiter Creek, while the men stayed in the army's camp. When the band returned to the Cold Lake, they met another armed unit there. The oral tradition tells about a mass execution, which was averted in a last-minute decision.
In 1890 many Dene families went from Heart Lake, Saskatchewan to Primrose Lake, as they were used to do traditionally, but this time they stayed there permanently.
When land surveys started in 1902 the Indians of Cold Lake were still suspected to have participated in the Metis Rebellion, so that they lost their treaty rights. In addition, the responsible Indian agent believed that their territory was much too large for only 330 members of the tribe. Their territory was reduced to . Consequently they could no more live by fishing, hunting and trapping. In exchange for not losing their fishing rights, they swapped their of land in the south of the Beaver River with a piece of land on the Cold Lake, to be more precise the English Bay. At the same time French settlers came to the French Bay.
Forced Assimilation.
The Canadian residential school system, introduced everywhere in Canada, was also introduced for the Cold Lake First Nations. The children hat to attend schools like "Onion Lake" or "Blue Quills Residential School". They were "successive" in so far as they destroyed the local languages and culture.
When chief Uldahi died in June 1882, he had no successor. Consequently the group dwelling at Heart Lake elected its own chiefs and headmen. They also tried to get a reserve of their own. On a hill above Reiter Creek they gathered in the summer of 1913 and elected Alexi Janvier (Nanuchele) as their chief. At the end of World War I people coming back from Europe's battlefields brought with them the Spanish flu. Nearly half of the population died.
The Cold Lake Nations had been forced to give up their nomadic lifestyle. At the beginning they were quite successful farmers but meanwhile a large part of the land is leased to white farmers with more money.
Cold War and Cold Lake Air Weapons Range.
In 1930 the "Alberta and Saskatchewan Acts" were proclaimed, allowing for the confiscation of any militarily important area. During the Cold War the airforce was looking for a test area and found it around Primrose Lake. The people living there were offered a small amount of compensation for twenty years.
While the most modern techniques were introduced on the Air Base, the first power line was not installed before 1964. The residential schools were not closed before 1971, a system for which Prime Minister Stephen Harper apologized in 2008.
Reserves.
The largest reserve today is "Cold Lake 149" in the east of Bonnyville (145.281 km²). There are other reserves, like the one of 4134 ha on the Beaver Creek (149B), 96.2 ha of the territory of the Blue Quills First Nation, 71.6 ha on the southern shore of Cold Lake (149A) and 149C, and the land meant as a kind of compensation for the Air Base, which consists of 2023.5 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="20307864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307864" title="Manuel Antonio Blas Sáenz">
Manuel Antonio Blas Sáenz

Manuel Antonio Blas Sáenz was the 18th President (then called Supreme Director) of Nicaragua from 20 January to 4 April 1845, who became a dissident acting President from 24 January.

</doc>
<doc id="20307879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307879" title="Miguel Ramón Morales">
Miguel Ramón Morales

Miguel Ramón Morales was the acting 20th President (then called Supreme Director) of Nicaragua from 12 March to 6 April 1847.

</doc>
<doc id="20307887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307887" title="José María Guerrero de Arcos y Molina">
José María Guerrero de Arcos y Molina

José María Guerrero de Arcos y Molina (died 1852) was from 27 April to 10 August 1839 President (then called "Supremo Director") of Honduras and from 6 April 1847 to 1 January 1849 the 21st President of Nicaragua.

</doc>
<doc id="20307897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307897" title="Jerusalem Bird Observatory">
Jerusalem Bird Observatory

The Jerusalem Bird Observatory is an urban bird observatory in Israel, sited on a 5000 m2 plot in central Jerusalem between the Knesset and the Supreme Court. It has a strategic location on the bird migration route between Africa and Eurasia along the Great Rift Valley. Every spring and fall more than 500 million birds migrate through Israel. Two-thirds of the species seen in Jerusalem are migratory.
Established in 1994 by the Society for the Protection of Nature in Israel, the observatory serves as the national bird banding center. It was founded, and is directed, by naturalist Amir Balaban and ornithologist Gidon Perleman. Two hundred birds are banded every day by trained volunteers during the spring and fall migrations.

</doc>
<doc id="20307902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307902" title="Virtual Globes Museum">
Virtual Globes Museum

The Virtual Globes Museum (VGM) in an on-line museum founded and maintained at the Department of Cartography and Geoinformatics, Eötvös Loránd University. Its primary purpose is to present the terrestrial and celestial globes made in or related to Hungary in a virtual exhibition.
Beside the VRML model of each globe there is a background database with the most important information and a downloadable KMZ file, which can be opened in Google Earth as a new layer.
The founder editor of the museum is dr. Mátyás Márton, while the technical realization was made by Mátyás Gede.
The museums web page is: http://terkeptar.elte.hu/vgm/?lang=en

</doc>
<doc id="20307906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307906" title="Uncial 0221">
Uncial 0221

Uncial 0221 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 4th century. The codex contains a small part of the Epistle to the Romans (5:16-17,19,21-6:3) on 2 parchment leaves (18 cm by 16 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 20 lines per page.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex currently is housed at the Austrian National Library in Vienna, with the shelf number Pap. G. 19890.

</doc>
<doc id="20307908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307908" title="Dale Wimbrow">
Dale Wimbrow

Dale Wimbrow (June 6, 1895 – 1954) was an American composer, radio artist and writer. He is best known for the poem, "The Guy in the Glass", written in 1934. Earlier in his career, he created several musical recordings in the still-young recording industry, and was known as "The Del-Mar-Va Songster". He occasionally recorded with a quartet of musicians known as the "Rubeville Tuners", and he was also sometimes known as Peter Dale.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Peter Dale Wimbrow was born June 6, 1895, in Whaleyville, Maryland. He studied at Western Maryland College until World War I.
Career.
Wimbrow's early career was in music and radio. Under his own name and as Old Pete Daley of Whaleysville, he became known for his records and radio performances with orchestras. His credits include a number of recordings in the 1920s, in which he performed as the solo vocalist, and often as his own accompanist (on the ukulele). The majority of those songs were his own creation, and he began turning to songwriting almost exclusively in the later part of the decade.
</ref> Perhaps his best-known "musical" composition was the 1930 jazz tune entitled ""Accordion Joe"". Played by Duke Ellington's band, it appeared that same year as the soundtrack to an animated short film of the same name, starring Betty Boop. The tune has appeared several times over the years in Duke Ellington compilation albums.
Wimbrow established the "Indian River News" newspaper in June 1948. It was published until September 1966, 12 years after his death in 1954, carried on by his wife.
The Guy in the Glass.
Wimbrow wrote "The Guy in the Glass" for publication in "The American Magazine" in 1934. The poem became a popular clipping passed between people, and the author's credit was often dropped, leading to inquiries as to the author in newspapers as early as 1938. 
Ann Landers printed the poem in her column on October 5, 1983, incorrectly attributing it to an anonymous man who died as a result of struggles with drug abuse. Landers received numerous letters that attributed or claimed different authorship of the poem, but only one of the letters published in her December 5, 1983, column correctly identified the author as Wimbrow and it was credited by Ann Landers as the true author.
Marriage and children.
Wimbrow married Dorothy Livezy, a radio writer and producer. The couple had two children, Sally Dale Wimbrow and Peter Dale Wimbrow, Jr..
Death and afterward.
Wimbrow died in January 1954. He was interred at Dale Cemetery in Whaleyville, Maryland.
Dale Wimbrow Park, in Roseland, Florida, is named in his honor.
Dale Wimbrow in popular culture.
The poem, "The Guy in The Glass", was famously recited by Nigel Adkins, manager of Southampton Football Club in October 2012 during an interview with BBC South following a 4-1 defeat to West Ham United.

</doc>
<doc id="20307916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307916" title="Andrine Sæther">
Andrine Sæther

Andrine Sæther (born 7 September 1964) is a Norwegian actress.
She had her début at the National Theatre in 1995, and has worked there since. Here she has acted in roles such as "Varja" in Chekhov's "The Cherry Orchard", and "Bolette" in Ibsen's "The Lady from the Sea". In 1997 she had her début as a movie actress, in a small role in the film "Livredd". The same year she acted in the popular "Budbringeren", a role for which she received an Amanda nomination. She has also acted in several made-for-TV productions, such as "Blind gudinne" (1997) and "Berlinerpoplene" (2007).
In 2005 Sæther married singer and songwriter Lars Lillo-Stenberg, known from the band deLillos. When the celebrity magazine "Se og Hør" published pictures from the ceremony without permission, the two sued the magazine for invasion of privacy. They lost the lawsuit, but Sæther and Lillo-Stenberg have declared their intentions to pursue the case in the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg.

</doc>
<doc id="20307920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307920" title="Hertfordshire County Council election, 2009">
Hertfordshire County Council election, 2009

An election to Hertfordshire County Council took place on 4 June 2009 the date of the United Kingdom local elections, 2009. The whole elected council was up for election. The councillors were elected from the 77 wards, which return one each by first-past-the-post voting for a four year term of office. The wards were the same as those used at the previous election in 2005.
All locally registered electors (British, Irish, Commonwealth and European Union citizens) who were aged 18 or over on Thursday 4 June 2009 were entitled to vote in the local elections. Those who were temporarily away from their ordinary address (for example, away working, on holiday, in student accommodation or in hospital) were also entitled to vote in the local elections, although those who had moved abroad and registered as overseas electors cannot vote in the local elections. It is possible to register to vote at more than one address (such as a university student who had a term-time address and lives at home during holidays) at the discretion of the local Electoral Register Office, but it remains an offence to vote more than once in the same local government election.
Summary.
The Conservative party retained and reinforced its control of the council with a net gain of 9 seats, and maintained an electoral stranglehold on the east of the county winning all seats in Broxbourne District, East Herts District, Hertsmere District & North Herts District. The Conservative party made significant gains in Stevenage District (3 seats), Dacorum District (3 seats), Welwyn Hatfield District (2 seats), Hertsmere District (2 seats) and North Herts District (2 seats). The Labour Party lost 13 seats, notably 3 in Stevenage District. This result left them with only 3 seats at County Hall. The Liberal Democrats gained 3 seats overall with a particularly strong performance in St Albans District at the expense of the Conservatives. The British National Party gained a seat in South Oxhey at the expense of Labour. It is also notable that the BNP came 2nd in the popular vote in Broxbourne District. The Green Party retained the seat gained in 2005 at Callowland Leggatts.

</doc>
<doc id="20307925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307925" title="Space Basis Act">
Space Basis Act

The Space Basis Act authorized the Interstate Commerce Commission to determine fair and reasonable rates of compensation to be paid, upon a space basis, for the transportation of mail and any service connected therewith.

</doc>
<doc id="20307929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307929" title="Jay Katz">
Jay Katz

Jacob "Jay" Katz (October 20, 1922 – November 17, 2008) was an American physician and Yale Law School professor whose career was devoted to addressing complex issues of medical ethics and other ethical problems involving the overlaps of ethics, law, medicine and psychology.
Early life.
Katz was born in Zwickau, Germany on October 20, 1922, where his father owned a department store. After Adolf Hitler came to power in 1933, Nazi Germany implemented rules stripping the family of their German citizenship. His father obtained a Czechoslovakian passport, which he used to leave Germany and travel to Prague as a 16-year-old. He made it to New York City through Italy and England, with his parents and brother joining him in the United States in 1940.
He graduated from The University of Vermont in 1944 and was awarded his Doctor of Medicine degree in 1949 from Harvard Medical School. He completed internship and residency programs in New York, and then enlisted in the United States Air Force. He served as a First Lieutenant and Captain at the Air Force Hospital at Maxwell Air Force Base in Montgomery, Alabama.
Career.
Katz began his four-decades long affiliation with Yale University in 1953 when he became Chief Resident at the Yale School of Medicine's outpatient clinic. He started teaching psychiatry in 1955 and became and Assistant Professor of Psychiatry and Law at Yale University in 1958, teaching psychiatry and law. He continued to teach as an emeritus professor after his retirement from Yale in 1993.
He served on the committee which established the terms of patient privilege in Connecticut for psychotherapists and their patients. Enacted in 1961, it was used to establish comparable terms in the Federal Rules of Evidence that apply across the United States.
Katz was named to serve on a federal inquiry into the Tuskegee Syphilis Study, an experiment started in 1932 by the United States Public Health Service in which about 400 black men in Alabama infected with syphilis were left untreated, with at least 28 of the study subjects dying from the untreated disease and many more suffering severe injury. The group concluded that the research was "ethically unjustified", that the participants should have been given penicillin and called for greater federal oversight and protection of subjects in medical studies. Katz protested that the group should have issued a stronger response, noting that the subjects were "exploited, manipulated and deceived". Dr. Katz noted that the question of when "can human beings be used for purposes of acquisition of knowledge" must be answered and that the disadvantaged and disempowered are often deliberately chosen as subjects.
After efforts were made by scientists to make use of data from Nazi human experimentation, conducted on concentration camp inmates against their will, Katz emphasized that "however hard we might try, we cannot separate the data from the way they were obtained".
He was appointed to serve on the 1994 Advisory Committee on Human Radiation Experiments, established by President Bill Clinton to investigate some 30 experiments in which individuals were unwittingly exposed to radiation. Katz issued a statement as part of the committee's report, stating that his "most serious reservations" were about the issue of protections to study subjects, and that the existing informed consent process invites "repetitions of the dignitary insults which unconsenting citizen-patients suffered during the Cold War".
In 1996, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration implemented changes that allowed doctors to perform medical studies on patients without their consent in certain situations where the patient has a life-threatening condition and cannot offer consent, where the community has been notified about the experiment and where the FDA has reviewed the plans in advance and approved of the protocol. Katz insisted that these changes violated the Nuremberg Code enacted in response to Nazi human experimentation conducted on unwilling prisoners during World War II, noting that "here we are making exceptions" to the first sentence of the Code's first point, which states that "The voluntary consent of the human subject is absolutely essential".
Katz was involved in renaming the Cornelius P. Rhoads award given for cancer research from the American Association for Cancer Research, in 2002. He determined that although Rhoads' racist and inflammatory letter was reprehensible, Rhoads did not actually murder or inject cancer into anyone, or participate in medical misconduct. Nonetheless, due to Rhoads' racism, which denigrated Puerto Ricans and Italians, the award was renamed.
Writings.
Dr. Katz's wrote extensively on subjects of medicine, law and their interconnections. His books included "The Family and the Law" (1964, with Joseph Goldstein), "Psychoanalysis, Psychiatry and Law" (1967, with Alan Dershowitz and Joseph Goldstein), "Experimentation with Human Beings" (1972), "Catastrophic Diseases: Who Decides What?" (1975, with Alexander M. Capron) and "The Silent World of Doctor and Patient" (1984).
Death.
Katz died at age 86 on November 17, 2008 at his home in New Haven, Connecticut of heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="20307938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307938" title="NBR J class">
NBR J class

The NBR J Class (LNER Classes D29 & D30), were a class of 4-4-0 steam tender locomotives designed by William P. Reid for the North British Railway. They passed to the London and North Eastern Railway at the grouping in 1923. Ten D29s and 25 D30s survived into British Railways ownership in 1948.
Overview.
The Original J Class locomotives were based on the NBR K Class mixed traffic 4-4-0s. The J Class had 6' 6" driving wheels for express passenger work and a large tender which carried sufficient water to allow passenger trains to run non-stop between Edinburgh and Carlisle. These locomotives were named after characters in the novels of Sir Walter Scott and naturally became known as "Scotts". Some of the names were later re-used on LNER Peppercorn Class A1 locomotives.
Builders.
Six locomotives were built in 1909 by the North British Locomotive Company and a further ten were built in 1911 by the North British Railway at its Cowlairs railway works, followed by two further identical locomotives with superheaters. The NBR always referred to these locomotives as J Class, but the LNER classified the initial 16 locomotives D29, and the two superheated locomotives as D30. A further 25 superheated locomotives were built between 1914 and 1920 and the LNER classified these as D30/2.
Numbers and names.
British Railways numbers were:
NBR no. 898 was named after the author of the Waverley Novels, and the others were given the names either of those novels, or of characters and places in them. The LNER increased the NBR numbers by 9000, and these were applied between 1924 and 1926. New LNER numbers were allotted in 1943 in the order of construction, but the locos were not renumbered until 1946, by which time two had been withdrawn. British Railways increased the LNER 1946 numbers by 60000 between 1948 and 1950, but some were withdrawn before this could be carried out. Numbers in parentheses were allocated but not carried.

</doc>
<doc id="20307942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20307942" title="Railway Mail Service Pay Act">
Railway Mail Service Pay Act

In United States federal legislation, the Railway Mail Service Pay Act of July 28, 1916 provided that the Interstate Commerce Commission establish a fair, reasonable rate of compensation to be received by railroads for carrying the mail in the United States.

</doc>
