<doc id="20483371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483371" title="Maria Palaiologina Kantakouzene">
Maria Palaiologina Kantakouzene

Maria Palaiologina Kantakouzene (, ) was a Byzantine princess, niece of emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos, and empress consort of Constantine Tikh of Bulgaria and Ivaylo of Bulgaria.
Family.
Maria was the second daughter of John Kantakouzenos and Eirene Palaiologina, sister of Michael VIII Palaiologos. According to George Pachymeres, Maria was unusually perfidious and sly and she had a strong influence over the people and the clergy. He would have it that Maria supported her uncle's military coup d'etat and she prompted him to blind the legitimate emperor John IV Laskaris, who was brother of Bulgarian tsarina Irene, second wife of tsar Constantine Tikh of Bulgaria.
Empress consort of Bulgaria.
Wife of Constantine Tikh.
The deposition and blinding of the minor Nicaean emperor John IV Laskaris by Michael VIII Palaiologos in 1261 pitted Constantine Tikh, as the brother-in-law of the deposed emperor, against Michael VIII.
After the death of tsarina Irene Laskarina in 1268 Constantine Tikh sought a reconciliation with Michael VIII by proposing to marry a Byzantine princess related to Palaiologos, and Michael VIII offered his niece Maria. Maria had one previous marriage, to Alexios Philes, and Constantine Tikh had two. As a condition for the marriage alliance, the Black Sea ports of Mesembria and Anchialos were to be handed over as her dowry.
Maria and Constantine Tikh married in 1269. However, quarrels over the surrender of Maria's promised dowry soured the improved relationship. Maria realized that the behaviour of her uncle would undermine her position in the Bulgarian court, so she openly put up her husband to attack Michael VIII. The Bulgarian government entered into an alliance with King Charles I of Sicily who was planning a campaign against Michael VIII with the object of restoring the Latin Empire. Michael VIII responded by marrying his illegitimate daughter Euphrosyne Palaiologina to Nogai Khan of the Golden Horde, who, as a Byzantine ally, pillaged Bulgaria in 1274.
In the last years of his reign, Constantine Tikh was partly paralyzed from a fall off his horse, and suffered from unspecified ailments. The government was firmly in the hands of Maria Kantakouzene, who crowned their son Michael Asen II co-emperor soon after his birth, in about 1272. Maria presided over relations with the Byzantine Empire in the 1270s, and engineered first the submission and then the murder (by poison) of the "despotēs" Yakov Svetoslav of Vidin, a strong pretender for the Bulgarian crown, in 1275. The tsarina invited Yakov Svetoslav to Tarnovo, promising to adopt him and to allow him to participate in the governing of the country. In 1275 Yakov Svetoslav arrived at Tarnovo and he indeed proclaimed as the second son of Maria in an official ceremony, officiated by patriarch Ignatiy of Bulgaria. Yakov died soon after his return to Vidin. Georgre Pahymerus accused Maria for his death.
Wife of Ivaylo.
Due to the expensive and unsuccessful wars, repeated Mongol raids, and economic instability, Maria's government was faced with a revolt in 1277. What is clear is that a swineherd or swine-owner named Ivaylo became a leader of the discontented and attracted many (presumably mostly lower-class) followers, asserting his control over a significant area. Tsar Constantine set out against Ivaylo with his guard, but was decisively defeated and slain in his chariot. Ivaylo himself is credited with the killing. Although he was able to extend his authority across much of the country, he also met with resistance, and the capital Tarnovo remained under the control of the legitimate emperor Michael Asen II and his mother Maria Kantakouzene.
Ivaylo's successes troubled the Byzantine Emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos, who married his eldest daughter Irene to Ivan Asen III, a descendant of Bulgaria's ruling dynasty living at the Byzantine court, and dispatched troops to place him on the throne. This caused an alliance between Ivaylo and Maria Kantakouzena, and the widowed empress married Ivaylo, who was recognized as Bulgarian emperor in 1278, without deposing or disinheriting the minor Michael Asen II. Maria's decision was defined by Byzantines as "indecent" and "impure", because she, a descendant of the noble Palaiologos and Kantakouzenos families, had married a swineherd, who had moreover killed her husband. In this connection Michael VIII declared openly that Maria "had brought disgrace on her family" and she "had destroyed her kingdom".
The marriage of Ivaylo and Maria was unhappy. Pachymeres says that Ivaylo hated her endearments and he even had beaten Maria. Although Ivaylo proved to be an abusive husband, he led a successful defense of the Balkan passes against the Byzantine campaigns to establish Ivan Asen III on the Bulgarian throne. Ivaylo had also met with success against casual Mongol raids, but in 1279 a major Mongol army blockaded him in the fortress of Dorostolon (Silistra) on the Danube for three months. A rumor of Ivaylo's death caused panic in Tarnovo, where the nobility surrendered to a new Byzantine army and accepted Ivan Asen III as emperor. Ivan Asen III was enthroned, while Michael Asen II and Maria Kantakouzena, who was pregnant by Ivaylo, were sent into exile to Constantinople.
Maria Kantakouzene and Ivaylo had an unnamed daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20483423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483423" title="Rotterdam Noord railway station">
Rotterdam Noord railway station

Rotterdam Noord is a railway station in the city of Rotterdam in the Netherlands, located on the Utrecht–Rotterdam railway. It sits at the border between the two Rotterdam municipalities Noord and Hillegersberg-Schiebroek.
History.
In 1899, the railway station "Hillegersberg" was opened on the new connecting line ("Ceintuurbaan") between the railway from Rotterdam Delftsche Poort to Leiden, and the railway from Rotterdam Maasstation to Utrecht. In 1953 the railway from Rotterdam to Utrecht was rerouted to the new Rotterdam Centraal railway station through Hillegersberg. A new station building was constructed, and the station was renamed "Rotterdam Noord". Rotterdam Noord is designed by architect Sybold van Ravesteyn who has also designed the stations Rotterdam Centraal, Eindhoven, and many other railway stations and buildings in the Netherlands. The station was opened on 4 October 1953.
The building.
The platform that leads to Utrecht is connected to a building, where there used to be an NS office that sold tickets. When this office disappeared and the tickets could only be bought at a ticket machine, the building was closed down. Since a few years back the building is used for an art-exposition.
Train services.
Rotterdam Noord is a station for local trains ("Stoptrein" and "Sprinter" in Dutch).
The following services currently call at Rotterdam Noord.
Tram and bus services.
Rotterdam Noord is a stop for the following Rotterdam tram and bus lines on the RET network.
At Night, Rotterdam Noord is connected by the Bob bus, operated by RET. Bob is a drink or drive campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20483426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483426" title="David DeCaires">
David DeCaires

David de Caires (31 December 1937 – 1 November 2008) was a Guyanese solicitor. He was also the founder and Editor-in-Chief of "Stabroek News".
Trained as a solicitor, de Caires founded "Stabroek News" in 1986 with the help of his wife and Ken Gordon of the "Trinidad and Tobago Express". He wanted a paper that promoted an open society based on the rule of law, a free market economy and the holding of free and fair elections. Stabroek News is known for the readers letter section in which readers can ask questions and voice their opinions. These sections often reached three pages a day. 
De Caires suffered a heart attack on 14 August 2008.
He spent time in hospital in Guyana and Trinidad and Tobago. He was later transported to a hospital in Barbados, where he died on the morning of 1 November 2008. He is survived by his widow Doreen, son Brendan, and daughter Isabelle, who is married to the former England cricket captain-turned-journalist Mike Atherton. [http://stabroeknews.com/news/david-de-caires-remembered-as-man-who-touched-many-lives/]

</doc>
<doc id="20483433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483433" title="I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (UK series 5)">
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (UK series 5)

The fifth series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me out of Here!" began on 20 November 2005 and ended on 5 December 2005. The programme ran for 16 days (18 days if counting the day the celebrities arrived and the morning the finalists exited). The series was won by Carol Thatcher.
Contestants.
12 contestants participated, one more than in the previous series.
Bushtucker Trials.
The contestants take part in daily trials to earn food. The participants are chosen by the public, up until the first eviction, when the campers decide who will take part in the trial

</doc>
<doc id="20483456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483456" title="Conservatoire National des Plantes à Parfum, Médicinales, Aromatiques et Industrielles">
Conservatoire National des Plantes à Parfum, Médicinales, Aromatiques et Industrielles

The Conservatoire National des Plantes à Parfum, Médicinales, Aromatiques et Industrielles (4 hectares), formerly known as the "Conservatoire National des Plantes Médicinales Aromatiques et Industrielles" (CNPMAI), is a nonprofit botanical garden located on the Route de Nemours, Milly-la-Forêt, Essonne, Île-de-France, France. It is open daily in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
The conservatory was established in 1987 by the "Plantes Aromatiques et Médicinales" (PAM) professional society to preserve medicinal, aromatic, and industrial plants. In 1994 it revised its name and mission to add perfume-related plants, and opened to the public in 2002. Today the garden contains more than 1200 species planted in two greenhouses (950 m² and 290 m²) and a variety of gardens including a study garden (40 plots), medieval garden (created 1997), and thematic garden.

</doc>
<doc id="20483462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483462" title="Capitoline Temple">
Capitoline Temple

The Capitoline Temple of Volubilis is an ancient structure from the Roman period of Volubilis, extant in present day Morocco. This building incorporates a tetrastyle design and was dedicated to the Roman Emperor Macrinus. The temple was dedicated to the trinity of Roman gods: Juno, Jupiter and Minerva. According to Rogerson, a council would meet below the Capitoline Temple in order to make a declaration of war, and then later return to this location with the booty of the resultant war.
The Romans also constructed temples of the same name in Rome and other locations within the Roman Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="20483506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483506" title="1999 France rugby union tour of Samoa, Tonga and New Zealand">
1999 France rugby union tour of Samoa, Tonga and New Zealand


</doc>
<doc id="20483537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483537" title="Lecithin–sphingomyelin ratio">
Lecithin–sphingomyelin ratio

The lecithin–sphingomyelin ratio (aka L-S or L/S ratio) is a test of fetal amniotic fluid to assess for fetal lung immaturity. Lungs require surfactant, a soap-like substance, to lower the surface pressure of the alveoli in the lungs. This is especially important for premature babies trying to expand their lungs after birth. Surfactant is a mixture of lipids, proteins, and glycoproteins, lecithin and sphingomyelin being two of them. Lecithin makes the surfactant mixture more effective.
Evaluation.
The lecithin–sphingomyelin ratio is a marker of fetal lung maturity. The outward flow of pulmonary secretions from the fetal lungs into the amniotic fluid maintains the level of lecithin and sphingomyelin equally until 32–33 weeks gestation, when the lecithin concentration begins to increase significantly while sphingomyelin remains nearly the same. As such, if a sample of amniotic fluid has a higher ratio, it indicates that there is more surfactant in the lungs and the baby will have less difficulty breathing at birth. An L–S ratio of 2 or more indicates fetal lung maturity and a relatively low risk of infant respiratory distress syndrome, and an L/S ratio of less than 1.5 is associated with a high risk of infant respiratory distress syndrome. 
If preterm delivery is necessary (as evaluated by a biophysical profile or other tests) and the L–S ratio is low, the mother may need to receive steroids such as betamethasone to hasten the fetus' surfactant production in the lungs.
Procedure.
An amniotic fluid sample is collected via amniocentesis and the sample is spun down in a centrifuge at 1000 rpm for 3–5 minutes. Thin layer chromatography (TLC) is performed on the supernatant, which separates out the components. Lecithin and sphingomyelin are relatively easy to identify on TLC and the predictive value of the test is good.

</doc>
<doc id="20483566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483566" title="Greenville Technical Charter High School">
Greenville Technical Charter High School

Greenville Technical Charter High School (GTCHS) is a small school located on the Barton Campus of Greenville Technical College in Greenville, South Carolina. GTCHS has 420 students and is a middle college/early college high school.
Students have the option of taking dual-credit classes at Greenville Technical College for no cost. Almost all of the students begin college as sophomores or juniors. Many graduate with an associate's degree. The school has a 100 percent high school graduation rate and a 100 percent college acceptance rate.

</doc>
<doc id="20483584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483584" title="Long Shadows">
Long Shadows

Long Shadows is a children's fantasy novel, the fifth book in Erin Hunter's "Warriors: Power of Three", and was widely released November 25, 2008. The book follows the adventures of Hollyleaf, Lionblaze, and Jaypaw (later Jayfeather).
The book has sold over 250,000 copies.
Plot summary.
When Sol persuades almost all of ShadowClan to give up belief in StarClan, Tawnypelt takes her kits Flamepaw, Tigerpaw, and Dawnpaw to ThunderClan, hoping to find refuge there, stating that she and her kits didn't want to be part of a Clan that does not believe in StarClan. In hope of helping ShadowClan, Raggedstar and Runningnose beg Jaypaw to help. Jaypaw, along with Tigerpaw, Flamepaw, Dawnpaw, Hollyleaf and Lionblaze, creates a fake sign from StarClan to show Blackstar StarClan is real. Blackstar is still not convinced until the fake sign turns real when Raggedstar and Runningnose come to tell Blackstar to get rid of Sol and to still believe in StarClan. Blackstar is convinced and tells his Clan.
Soon Tawnypelt takes her kits back to ShadowClan, but greencough breaks out and Millie and Briarkit (one of Millie's and Graystripe's kits) are the first victims. Soon, the ThunderClan leader, Firestar, catches the sickness as well. The disease continues to spread through the Clan and Firestar comes up with the idea to temporarily shelter the sick cats in the abandoned Twoleg nest, then later loses his sixth life. The Clan is short of catmint: in the battle with WindClan, cats trampled and killed the supply. Jaypaw has a dream telling where there is a fresh supply: in WindClan territory. 
However, in one dream, he somehow goes back to the time of Fallen Leaves' tribe as a young sharpclaw (warrior) called Jay's Wing. The Tribe is being threatened by Twoleg expansion and votes to move to the mountains. Jaypaw suddenly realizes that this Tribe becomes the Tribe of Rushing Water and they originated from the Clan's current lake home, so he helps by voting that they should go. When he returns to the Clans, he asks Lionblaze to fetch the catmint. Lionblaze refuses because of dreams where he kills Heatherpaw in the tunnels, but as the greencough gets worse, he finally goes. Lionblaze gets the catmint and gives it to Jaypaw, but not without a tension-filled encounter with Heatherpaw, now called Heathertail. Soon the Clan is healed and Jaypaw finally receives his full medicine cat name, Jayfeather.
Then, during a storm, the camp catches fire. Jayfeather, Lionblaze, Hollyleaf, and Squirrelflight are trapped. Squirrelflight makes it through the flames and drags a stick through in an attempt to save her kits, but needs some help. Ashfur leaps in and drags it all the way through. Just as Lionblaze leaps on, though, Ashfur blocks the way. Squirrelflight begs him to let them through, but Ashfur tells her and the other three that he never forgave her after she left him for Brambleclaw. He also reveals that he was the one who helped Hawkfrost set the trap for Firestar to show her the pain of losing a loved one as he had lost her. He said that he will now kill her kits in another attempt to hurt her. Squirrelflight then reveals a crucial secret: that he cannot hurt her that way because they are not her kits. She explains how she kept the secret from Brambleclaw and the whole of ThunderClan. Ashfur lets them live, but he threatens to tell her secret, and she is shocked that Ashfur would betray her like this. Knowing this, Jayfeather, Hollyleaf and Lionblaze realize they are not the Three since they are not the kin of Firestar.
The fire burns out and all the cats help get the camp set up again. Three days before the Gathering, Ashfur asks Firestar if he can go. Hollyleaf Lionblaze, Jayfeather, and Squirrelflight are worried that he is going to publicly announce their secret. Between then and the day of the Gathering, the three warn Ashfur that he will regret it if he reveals the secret. Although he is frightened, he refuses to listen to them. Right before the Gathering, the patrol of warriors going notices that both Ashfur and Squirrelflight are missing. On the way to the Gathering, they see Ashfur's body lying in the WindClan stream as if he had drowned. They take him back to camp and set him for vigil. Leafpool notices a slit in his neck, suggesting he was murdered. After the Gathering, Firestar announces that Ashfur's death was unknown and suspects a cat from ThunderClan may have killed him, and the three see Squirrelflight looking scared and holding her breath. The three vow to keep the recent events involving them, Squirrelflight, and Ashfur a secret.
Reception.
"Horn Book Review" said that" Long Shadows" moves very slowly, but that fans who have read the previous books would still enjoy it.

</doc>
<doc id="20483650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483650" title="Dynamic accumulator">
Dynamic accumulator

Dynamic accumulators are plants that gather certain micronutrients, macronutrients, or minerals from the soil through their roots, as opposed to from the air, and store them in their leaves. These plants can be used either for detoxifying soil or for gathering a certain nutrient or mineral from an area. For instance, clovers will mine great quantities of nitrogen out of the air via a symbiotic relationship with bacteria. These bacteria convert gaseous nitrogen into a form available to the clover, and exchange this nitrogen for exudates/sugars given by the clover. When the clover dies or is cut down, the green matter breaks down and releases the nitrogen into the soil. 
These plants become rich in a certain substance and can then be cut down. This can be used as a fertilizer or as part of a fertilizer mix for other plants that may be deficient in those particular nutrients. The use of a nitrogen dynamic accumulator, such as a clover patch, could potentially replace nitrogen-rich fertilizers. These types of plants play an important role in many permaculture guilds.
Microbiologist Kristine Nicholas of the University of Maryland showed that grasses like switchgrass, blue grama, Indian grass not only send down deep roots but increase glomalin levels and arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi. These fungi help "glue" the soil together, make it coherent, and shuttle biologically available nutrients from soil to plant. Some land reclamation companies are now using arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and triticale to accomplish a similar end, and most likely Orchard grass (especially in combination with chicory and clover), and yacon, Jerusalem artichoke, chicory and many other plants will also eventually be shown to increase glomalin. Whatever that mysterious quality of "fertile" and "fertility" turns out to be in the soil, it must have something to do with these processes.
The plants with function as dynamic accumulators are often traditionally regarded as companion plants. In those cases, a plant such as yarrow or alfalfa growing near other plants, or in some cases being used as a green manure or cover crop, will show benefits to other plants due in part to the nutrients selected and exchanged. Among the accumulator plants of broadest nutrient variety are dandelion, plantains, watercress, comfrey, and kelp°. Under good soil and growing conditions, certain plants may extract higher levels of nutrients than others, with consistency, although removing those nutrients from that soil can create a void in availability. Therefore, composts made with accumulator plants should also be reintroduced to those same growing areas upon compost completion.

</doc>
<doc id="20483655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483655" title="Róbert Cicman">
Róbert Cicman

Róbert Cicman (born 3 September 1984) is a professional Slovak football centre back who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club FC Nitra.

</doc>
<doc id="20483661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483661" title="Stade Beaucairois">
Stade Beaucairois

Stade Beaucairois is a French football club based in Beaucaire, Languedoc-Roussillon. It was founded in 1908 as "Beaucaire Olympique". The club currently plays in the Ligue du Languedoc-Roussillon.

</doc>
<doc id="20483665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483665" title="Bangkok Planetarium">
Bangkok Planetarium

The Bangkok Planetarium is the oldest planetarium in Thailand. It is located on Sukhumvit Road in Bangkok as part of the Science Center for Education, which is operated by the Department of Non-Formal Education of the Ministry of Education.
Construction of the planetarium began in 1962 with a budget of twelve million baht and the planetarium opened on 18 August 1964. The planetarium dome is 20.60 metres in diameter and 13 metres high, and holds 450 seats. The planetarium utilizes a Mark IV Zeiss projector, which was the first instalment of a large planetarium projector in Southeast Asia. Apart from the theatre itself, the planetarium building also features permanent exhibitions on astronomy, aimed for young audiences.
Shows are held four times daily, except on Mondays, at 10:00, 11:00, 13:30 and 14:30. On weekdays, the 10:00 and 13:30 shows are reserved for school students. Admission is 20 baht for children and 30 baht for adults.

</doc>
<doc id="20483679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483679" title="Irish (name)">
Irish (name)

Irish is a given and surname.
Notable people bearing the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20483732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483732" title="Little Things (short story)">
Little Things (short story)

"Little Things" is a short story by Raymond Carver. It was first published in "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love" under the name "Popular Mechanics". It was then published in 1988 in Carver's collection "Where I'm Calling From".
Plot summary.
"Little Things" is the story of a couple that has been having some marital problems. Raymond Carver uses ambiguity in the story to describe the situation that is going on between the married couple. Although the problems they are having is not stated specifically, it is clear that the couple is moving apart from each other. The narrator shows us the male getting ready to leave his wife, which turns into a yelling match. The man is packing a suitcase, getting ready to leave, when he demands to take their child with him. However, the couple then argues about the child as well. The wife holds the child, and they begin to argue about who should take care of the baby. The wife does not want him to have the baby, but the husband thinks he should have it. The couple begins grasping the baby by the arms. The wife has one arm, and the husband with the other. Then, the baby begins crying because it is apparently in some pain, due to the actions of the couple. The husband begins forcing his wife’s hands off of the baby, her grip slips off, but she grabs the baby again harder. The wife does the same thing, and the husband grabs the child by the top of his arm underneath the shoulder. The baby was slipping from both people, but they held on harder and pulled in the opposite directions. As the couple pulled on the child from its arms, it is apparent that they harmed the baby in some way, hence the last line of the story, “He felt the baby slipping out of his hands and he pulled back very hard. In this manner, the issue was decided.”
Analysis.
"Little Things" is considered to most as an allegory, which the literal meaning hides a secondary meaning. The story plot takes place in regular suburbia, in which Carver spent most of his life. Carver's father, a violent alcoholic, spent most of his time working in a sawmill or drinking then physically beating his wife or kids. These traumatic incidents were the basis of Carver's many short stories. In "Little Things," a husband and wife start the short story off verbally fighting with each other with their baby near. Then, the fight goes to the child. Who will get custody of the newborn infant? They grip, they pull, harming the baby in some way or another. This message is conveyed to the reader because it relates to many relationships today which makes the story very alluring. With Carver's background it is easy to see the underlying meaning: that couples should discuss their problems in their lives; parents should never hurt their child.
Another, less literal interpretation of Carver's message centers on a symbolic understanding of the toll divorce or a couple's separation can take on the entire family. Initially, the couple itself is in turmoil, but their argument quickly escalates to the point that it involves the child. This is not only a logical conclusion to said argument in the story, but also mirrors the timeline of events which would take place if this were a real, ugly separation. When the couple begins to physically fight over the child and even harm it, this could be understood as an overly dramatic and symbolic form of the emotional damage or unmet needs which occur in children when parents are at odds, having left the children powerless in a dispute between the two most important and influential people in their lives. The baby's symbolic physical injury, or even death, is a fitting end to the allegory; accurately describing the family member who is typically, but rarely recognized to be, the most gravely affected during such an unfortunate situation. One might even read further into this final event, and the argument's closing as a result of it, to understand a proposed solution; upon a parent's having recognized that the child's state is of utmost importance, the heated and emotional argument between a couple will quickly reach a logical and peaceful end with the baby's death.
Publication history.
“Little Things” was originally published in 1988 in "Where I’m Calling From: New and Selected Stories". It was a collection of short stories that Raymond Carver wrote, and included some of the newer stories that came out before he died in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20483794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483794" title="Crozier Channel">
Crozier Channel

The Crozier Channel () is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the Northwest Territories of Canada. It separates Prince Patrick Island (to the north-west) and Eglinton Island (to the south-east). It opens into the McClure Strait at its southern end.

</doc>
<doc id="20483808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483808" title="Robert Wisden">
Robert Wisden

Robert Charles Wisden (born in Brighton, Sussex, England) is an English actor who has an extensive career in Canadian and American television. He is best known for his role as President Richard Nixon in Zack Snyder's Watchmen, Chief Coroner James Flynn in Da Vinci's Inquest and Ken Browning in Final Destination. In 2000 he won a Gemini Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Featured Supporting Role in a Dramatic Program or Mini-Series for "The Sheldon Kennedy Story" (1999).
Career.
Wisden moved with his family from Britain to Canada when he was 15. He started his career in 1985 starring as Terry Dunne in Atom Egoyan's "In This Corner". He has since acted in many shows, including "Da Vinci's Inquest", "Smallville", "The X-Files" and "Jeremiah". In 2006 Wisden graduated from Simon Fraser University with a Bachelor of Education degree. He currently is employed at St.George's School for Boys in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada directing middle school shows and as a drama teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="20483815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483815" title="Davide Zoboli">
Davide Zoboli

Davide Zoboli (born 8 October 1981 in Parma) is an Italian association footballer who plays for Modena F.C..
In June 2002 he was exchanged with Alex Gibbs of Monza.
He was signed by Brescia in July 2004, and made his Serie A debut on 26 September 2004, against Udinese Calcio.

</doc>
<doc id="20483830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483830" title="Hans Trass">
Hans Trass

Hans-Voldemar Trass (born 2 May 1928 in Tallinn) is an Estonian ecologist and botanist. He has been a member of the Estonian Academy of Sciences since 1975. He was the president of the Estonian Naturalists' Society in 1964–1973 and 1985–1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20483837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483837" title="2009 in Canada">
2009 in Canada

Events from the year 2009 in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20483848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483848" title="Kellett Strait">
Kellett Strait

The Kellett Strait () is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the Northwest Territories of Canada. It separates Eglinton Island (to the west) and Melville Island (to the east). It opens into the McClure Strait to the south, and the Fitzwilliam Strait to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="20483851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483851" title="Minuscule 2612">
Minuscule 2612

Minuscule 2612 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 184 parchment leaves (19.5 cm by 14.5 cm). Dated paleografically to the 13th century. 
Description.
The codex contains text of the four Gospels. The text is written in one column per page, in 21-28 lines per page.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, in the order: Mark, Luke, John, and Matthew. 
Text.
The Greek text of the codex, is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland did not place it in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kx in Luke 10 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 the manuscript is defective.
History.
The codex now is located in the Kenneth Willis Clark Collection of the Duke University (Gk MS 5) at Durham. 

</doc>
<doc id="20483865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483865" title="Józef Szanajca">
Józef Szanajca

Józef Szanajca (17 March 1902 - 24 September 1939) was a Polish architect.
Founder and member of PRAESENS group: "The Praesens group played a pioneering role in the development of modern architecture in Poland. From 1927 a link with Le Corbusier was established. Its members participated in all the main meetings".
Józef Szanajca is one of the most eminent representatives of the Polish modern architecture, the holder of Malevich's and Bauhaus' ideas. Friend and partner to Bogdan Lachert. They won together the Grand Prix of Exposition Internationale des Arts et Techniques dans la Vie Moderne (1937) for the Polish pavilion. 
Moblilized to Polish army, he died in combat in September 1939 during German invasion of Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20483882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483882" title="Gustav Vilbaste">
Gustav Vilbaste

Gustav Vilbaste (until 1935 Gustav Vilberg; 3 September 1885 in Haavakannu, Kodasoo Parish – 21 February 1967 in Tallinn) was an Estonian botanist, publiciast and conservationist.
He wrote the first Estonian-language keybooks on Estonian flora.
He was an honorary member of the Estonian Naturalists' Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20483885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483885" title="John O'Donnell (boxer)">
John O'Donnell (boxer)

John O'Donnell (born 13 November 1985, in Galway, Ireland) is a London-based Irish professional boxer who is a former holder of the Commonwealth welterweight championship.
Professional boxing career.
Early professional career.
O'Donnell, had his first professional in April 2004 with a win over journeyman Jason Nesbitt at the Penningtons Nightclub in Bradford. Over the next three years he would fight 13 more times without defeat against a series of journeymen opponents before earning the right to fight for the English title in May 2007. His opponent for the vacant English belt was fellow unbeaten prospect Stuart Elwell. The fight ended with a 10 round points victory for O'Donnell. Following his win over Elwell, O'Donnell next travelled to Las Vegas in May 2007 to fight Mexican Christian Solano on the undercard of Floyd Mayweather's fight with Oscar De La Hoya. The bout ended with disappointment for the 15-0 prospect after the fight was stopped in the 2nd round giving victory to the Mexican. Such was the devastating nature of the defeat, O'Donnell took a year off from boxing and only returned in May 2008 with a win over journeyman Billy Smith. Four more victories followed in 2008 before being given the chance to fight for the Commonwealth title in 2009.
Commonwealth champion.
O'Donnell's shot at a first major title came on 11 April 2009. In the opposite corner, the champion Craig Watson, had himself claimed the title with a win over Namibian Ali Nuumbembe and made one defence against Matthew Hatton, the brother of Ricky. It was a step up in class for O'Donnell and he signaled his entry into the top tier of domestic boxing with victory over Watson via a split decision in what was described as a close and scintillating contest. O'Donnell had been due to make the first defence of his newly won title on 5 September 2009 but due to problems making the weight had to settle for a non-title contest over 12 rounds against Tom Glover. The fight, shown live on ITV4, was too much of a step-up for Glover who was stopped in the 6th round with O'Donnell having taken full control. O'Donnell gave up the belt after coming under pressure from the Commonwealth council after a mandatory defence scheduled for 5 March 2010 against the Ghanaian boxer Philip Kotey fell through. On 7 May 2010 he stepped back into the ring to defeat Hungarian boxer Laszlo Balogh in the 5th round of an 8 round contest stating after the fight that he would like to meet Paul McCloskey in an all Irish contest for the European title. On 10 September 2010 O'Donnell fought the American former Olympic bronze medal winner Terrance Cauthen in an international contest at the York Hall. Winning the fight over 12 rounds O'Donnell claimed that Cauthen was the best boxer he had ever faced and that the reason why he gave up his Commonwealth belt was ""because my team did not want that belt to hold me back, so I could go onto the next level"."
British title challenge.
On 19 February 2011 O'Donnell met former victim Craig Watson at the Wembley Arena to challenge for the vacant British title only for Watson to gain revenge by winning over 12 rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20483895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483895" title="José Olallo">
José Olallo

José Olalla was a Cuban friar, beatified in 2008. He was abandoned at 30 days of age, and was raised in an orphanage in Havana.
A member of the Hospitallier Order of Saint John of God, he helped the sick and wounded during Cuba's Ten Years' War, giving aid to people on both sides.
Raul Castro attended his beatification ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="20483911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483911" title="Gender roles in agriculture">
Gender roles in agriculture

Gender roles in agriculture are a frequent subject of study by sociologists and farm economists. Historians also study them, as they are important in understanding the social structure of agrarian, and even industrial, societies.
North America.
United States.
The "classical" farm gender roles in the United States, although varying somewhat from region to region, were generally based on a division of labor in which men participated in "field" tasks (animal care, plowing, harvesting crops, using farm machinery, etc.), while most women participated primarily in "farmhouse" tasks (preparing and preserving food and feedstuffs, and maintaining the farm compound).
According to agro-historian Jane Adams, the middle 20th century brought a change in which the centralization of agriculture eliminated many of the tasks considered part of the "female" role. This changed the perception of women from being active "housekeepers" to passive "homemakers". Some began working off the farm, or joined their husbands in fieldwork, but the majority, per Dr. Adams, simply became more like urban housewives. This trend continued until the 1980s farm crisis, in which economic downturns obliged many of them to take jobs off-farm.
Canada.
Gender roles in Canadian agriculture futhi to the region and community.
Alberta, and particularly Southern Alberta, has traditionally had highly defined gender roles similar to the late 19th-century United States. Men worked together and women worked together, but there were few tasks in which both men and women participated together. On most Alberta farms up until the 1970s, decisions about matters such as planning and insurance were done by fiat of the husband, rather than by joint venture of husband and wife. Some writers have considered Alberta's highly gendered division of farm life to be not only inefficient from an agricultural standpoint, but deleterious to the integrity of marriage relationships as well.
In the agricultural tradition of Central Canada there is an emphasis on conjugal (husband-and-wife) collaboration. Major decisions are normally made together, with each spouse having equal decisive power. When extended families live and farm together, couples within the extended family are considered as working "units". This style of family farm management is rather common in the rest of Canada as well.
Quebec agriculture is based on the historic seigneurial system, vestiges of which exist today in the organized district system. Gender roles are sometimes more pronounced in areas where the Catholic influence is strong.
In Southern Ontario the history of agricultural gender roles parallels that of the U.S.A. almost precisely.
Besides these regional generalities, traditions vary among different ethnic and religious communities, such as First Nations (aboriginal), Anabaptist, or historic immigrant settlements.
Across Canada, and also in the United States, the assignment of roles tends to be more egalitarian on organic and Certified Naturally Grown farms than on "conventional" ones.
Europe.
C.I.S. (former U.S.S.R.).
Agricultural society in what is now the C.I.S. goes back thousands of years, and entails numerous distinct cultures. Slavonic-speaking societies tended to follow the general Indo-European pattern of patrilineality, passing down property and rights from father to son. In agriculture this meant land and livestock. The gender roles on the farm presumed that the farm and all its contents belonged to the father or grandfather. Uralic-speaking societies, on the other hand, had a relatively egalitarian system in which land was considered to be the domain of a larger extended family or folk group, without rigid boundaries between individual homesteads. Division of labour was not rigid, and spouses often worked alongside each other, or helped each other with various tasks.
During the Russian Empire period, Slavonic patriarchy was emphasized and promoted to a greater extent across the board. This was especially the case in southern and central Russia during the 18th and 19th centuries, where every farmer or farm labourer was considered to hold a position in the feudal hierarchy of the Empire, until this system was modified in the later 19th century. Men were the official landowners and decision-makers, though women often had a significant amount of unofficial influence in decision-making (on the free peasant farmsteads).
In the years leading up to the Revolution, as the remnants of feudalism disintegrated, many Russian farm families joined "artels" (артели), or cooperatives. The cooperatives practised (at least in theory) equal consideration of men's and women's opinions in making collective decisions, which was a sharp contrast to the feudal method. Moreover, as the Empire became more connected by rail and road, the rural residents of central and southern Russia gained knowledge of Uralic-based farm operation systems (which had survived in the north and east). These northern and eastern traditions contributed to the emerging cooperative practices.
After the Revolution, the government was initially supportive toward the artel movement (since it is "collectivist"). When the Stalinist government took power, however, many of the artels were superseded by state farm units ("sovkhozy" or Совхоэӣ) under control of the central government. The effect on gender roles varied: workers of both sexes were assigned to do similar tasks, but managers and overseers were mostly male, though there was no fixed rule or custom that established this as absolute. Fieldworkers often worked in mixed-gender teams, though in the Caucasian and Middle Asian republics an informal segregation by sex was maintained, following local (and ultimately Islamic) traditions. Throughout the Union, state-farm administrators tended to have little regard for marital relationships: marriage was considered part of the workers' personal lives, which needed not enter into the world of economic labour. Children born or conceived on a state farm were considered "bound" to it, in a concept lent from feudalism.
Later governments, from Krushchev's onward, eased the central control of farms, though certain republics (such as Tajikistan) took up this control into their own state governments, and retain much of it even to this day.
With the 1960s loosening of central administration over agriculture, the cooperative system became once again the main system of large-scale farmland operations in much of the U.S.S.R. This condition has remained ever since, with only minor changes.
Where small and extended family farms exist in the C.I.S., consensus is often a major mode of decision-making, and cooperation a major mode of work. On collective farms as well, conjugal collaboration is a respected and encouraged part of the overall dynamic, and couples often work as units within the larger framework. Exceptions include the Chechenya/Dagestan/Naxcivan region, where all areas of life are highly sex-segregated, and marriage is often an arranged contract by the parents.
Finland.
Finnish agriculture tends to follow a modern form of what is recognizably the Uralic system, though the influence of western Europe (particularly in Finland's west half) has brought a greater consciousness of private property. Conjugal collaboration and joint venture are major characteristics of the Finnish farming tradition.
Latin America.
Mexico.
Potato Salad-Hispanic civilization (cf. Gender roles in Maya society).
Brazil.
In Brazil, large plantations and fincas are often worked by several families. Fieldwork is a large portion of the workers' time, in the case both of men and of women.
In areas of more scattered agriculture, running water is often unavailable. It is usually women who must carry large water containers home from the stream or well in these cases, even though it is men who usually lift most other heavy loads on the Brazilian ranch, such as harvest sacks.
Among inland indigenous peoples, varying forms of the pan-Amazonian (or pan-Amazon-basin) gender role construct are seen. In these societies, especially those in which polygynous marriage has been practiced, the family unit is considered on two levels, the matrifocal and the patrifocal. Crop plots are owned by the brothers of any patrifocal family collectively; thus, if a man plants a field of any crop, all of his brothers and paternal half-brothers are considered to automatically own an equal share of the harvest.
Chile and Argentina.
Agriculture is varied but consists largely of ranching activity. There is very little emphasis on gender roles in Argentina and Chile, compared to the rest of South America. Names for most agricultural "job descriptions" and individual roles are gender-neutral, with only the final letter changing according to the sex of the individual. The @ symbol is sometimes used, in lieu of either "o" or "a", to describe the general occupation without specifying gender, as in "Buscamos puester@s para..." (as might be written in a help-wanted poster).

</doc>
<doc id="20483914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483914" title="Fitzwilliam Strait">
Fitzwilliam Strait

The Fitzwilliam Strait () is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the Northwest Territories of Canada. It separates Prince Patrick Island (to the north-west), Melville Island (to the south-east) and Emerald Isle (to the north-east). It opens into the Kellett Strait to the south-west.

</doc>
<doc id="20483921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483921" title="Buffalo River State Park (Arkansas)">
Buffalo River State Park (Arkansas)

Buffalo River State Park was an Arkansas state park, established in 1938, that was absorbed into Buffalo National River when the Federal park was established in 1972. The area is now known as Buffalo Point. The new state park was developed with Civilian Conservation Corps labor in 1939 with the construction of park structures to plans from the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs. The CCC structures now comprise a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20483926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483926" title="Hafeez Malik">
Hafeez Malik

Dr. Hafeez Malik (, born in 1930 in Lahore) was Professor of Political Science at Villanova University, in Pennsylvania. After a high school education in Mission High School, he graduated from Government College, Lahore with a BA degree in 1949. After a year in Law College he came to the USA as a student in Syracuse University, where he completed a double Master in Journalism and International relations, and then a Ph. D. in Political Science in 1960. While a student, he also worked for a Pakistani Urdu newspaper as a correspondent. In 1961, he joined Villanova University where he is working as a professor of Political Science. From 1961 to 1963, and from 1966 to present, he has been Visiting Professor at the Foreign Service Institute of the U.S. State Department. From 1971 to 1974, he was President of the Pakistan Council of the Asia Society, New York; Director (1973–1988) of the American Institute of Pakistan Studies; and President of the Pakistan-American foundation. Since 1977, he has been the Editor of the Journal of South Asian and Middle Eastern Studies (Villanova University, Villanova, PA). In 1992 Dr. Malik (along with Dr. Saknawat Hussain) founded the Pakistan-American Congress, and then served as the Chairman of its Advising Counsel.

</doc>
<doc id="20483933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483933" title="Ingmar Ott">
Ingmar Ott

Ingmar Ott (September 14, 1955) is an Estonian botanist from Tartu.
In 1984, he became affiliated with the Estonian Institute of Zoology and Botany.

</doc>
<doc id="20483940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483940" title="List of Ying Xiong Wu Lei characters">
List of Ying Xiong Wu Lei characters

This is the list of characters from the wuxia novel Ying Xiong Wu Lei, and the manhua adapted from it.
Da Xiaogu.
Da Xiaogu (大 梢局, lit. "Big Trading-office") is the trading office founded by Sima Buqun and Zhuo Donglai. The chieftain is Sima Bugun and the second-in-chief is Zhuo Donglai. After Da Xiaogu being attacked by Xiongshi Tang and Xiaoxiang Guan, it's destroyed and ignored once. 7 years after, Sima Yingxiong grows up and he refounds the office.
First Generation of Sima Buqun.
Sima and Zhuo founded the office.
Shi'er Qiangren (十二 強人, lit. "Twelve Powerful People") is a group of 12 strongest fighters of Da Xiaogu.
Second Generation of Sima Yingxiong.
After his father Sima Buqun's fall, Yingxiong takes his role and Da Xiaogu.
Si Yuanlao (四 原老, lit. "Four Original Elders") are four people from the original "Twelve Guardians" since Sima Bugun's generation.
Wuchi Qiangren (五敕 強人, lit. "Five Ruling Powerful People") are Huang Qi, an original warrior from last generation, and four new warriors.
Third Generation of Sima Buqun.
After defeating his own son, Sima Buqun takes Da Xiaogu again for himself.
Fourth Generation of Sima Yingxiong.
Buqun goes away, Yingxiong once again takes the Da Xiaogu.
Xiongshi Tang.
Second Generation of Mu Li.
See Mu clan's Dynasty.
Zhuo clan's Dynasty.
Generation of Zhuo Wudi's Rule.
This generation is swepped by Mu Li's forces. It takes the change of era, the era of Mu clan's Dynasty.
Black Holy Country.
Persians of Worship-the-Fire Cult.
Persia's Worship-the-Fire Cult (波斯 拜火教, "Beisi Baihuojiao") is a war cult founded at Persia (波斯, "Beisi"). Zhuo Qing visits to Persia with the idea to cooperate with this cult for his way to be China's emperor.
Japanese.
Japanese Three Generous One.
Dongying Sanxia (東瀛三俠)

</doc>
<doc id="20483947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483947" title="Avni Institute of Art and Design">
Avni Institute of Art and Design

The Avni Institute of Art and Design is an Israeli art school located in Tel Aviv. The institute is known for teaching and employing many well known Israeli artists and designers.
The school was established in 1936 as the Studia by a group of Jewish artists. Among these founders was Aharon Avni, who became the first school director. After Avni's death the school was renamed the Avni Institute.
In addition to an Avni graduate degree in several art and design branches, as well as in architecture, students at the school can receive a Bachelor of Arts degree in collaboration with the Open University of Israel. 
The Avni Institute occupies several buildings along the Eilat Road in South Tel Aviv. The buildings are named after notable teachers at the school who have died. The school includes a large gallery space where students exhibit their works. Around the school developed a major Israeli cluster of arts supplies businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="20483959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483959" title="J. Louis Comiskey">
J. Louis Comiskey

John Louis Comiskey (August 12, 1885 – July 18, 1939) was the owner of the Chicago White Sox of the American League from through . Comiskey inherited the team from his father, Charles Comiskey, in 1931, and had worked for the White Sox since 1910. Control of the White Sox passed to Comiskey's widow, Grace Comiskey, upon his death.
Comiskey died of heart disease at the age of 54 in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20483975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483975" title="Kaljo Pork">
Kaljo Pork

Kaljo Pork (March 30, 1930 - December 2, 1981) was an Estonian botanist.
He was affiliated with the Estonian Institute of Zoology and Botany between 1952 and his death in 1981.
He initiated the creation of Laelatu Biological Station at one of the most species-rich plant community in Europe — a wooded meadow at the western coast of Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="20483976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483976" title="Parc botanique de Launay">
Parc botanique de Launay

The Parc botanique de Launay (90 hectares), sometimes known as the Parc botanique d'Orsay or the Parc de l'Université Paris XI, is a botanical garden located on the Université Paris-Sud XI campus at 3 rue Georges-Clemenceau, Orsay, Essonne, Île-de-France, France, and open daily; admission is free.
The university was created in 1954 on a 240-hectare campus along the river Yvette. In 1965 portions of the campus were designated a botanical park, which today contains about 15,000 plants representing some 2500 taxa, including 333 genera and 99 families. The campus also contains about 550 m² of research greenhouses.
The park's rare and unusual woody plants include "Aesculus indica", "Alangium platanifolium", "Asimina triloba", "Baillona juncea", "Cornus capitata", "Daphniphyllum macropodum", "Eucalyptus pauciflora", "Firmania simplex", "Foresteria neomexicana", "Hovenia dulcis", "Maclura tricuspidata", ancient roses (150 cultivars), Camellia (140 cultivars), apples (93 cultivars), and Madagascar endemics including Alluaudia and Pachypodium.

</doc>
<doc id="20483977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483977" title="Ballantyne Strait">
Ballantyne Strait

The Ballantyne Strait () is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the Northwest Territories of Canada. It separates Prince Patrick Island (to the south-west) and Brock Island (to the north-east). It opens into the Arctic Ocean to the north-west.

</doc>
<doc id="20484016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484016" title="Cliff Davies (rugby player)">
Cliff Davies (rugby player)

Clifton 'Cliff' Davies (12 December 1919 - 28 January 1967) was a Welsh international prop who played club rugby for Cardiff and invitational rugby for the Barbarians. He won 16 caps for Wales and was selected to play in the British Lions on the 1950 tour of Australia and New Zealand.
Davies was a short, tough prop forward, who was also known within rugby circles for his cheery demeanor and baritone singing voice.
Rugby career.
Davies began his rugby career with local club Kenfig Hill before moving to Bridgend. After the war, Davies was persuaded to join first tier club, Cardiff, by Jack Matthews and joined the Blues in the 1945/46 season. Davies made his international debut for Wales during the 1947 Five Nations Championship, when he was selected to face Scotland at Murrayfield. Under the captaincy of Haydn Tanner, Wales beat the Scottish team convincingly and Davies secured his position in the team for the rest of the season. In his second game for Wales, Davies was involved in a memorable match against France at Stade Colombes. In a bruising encounter, Davies bit the ear of French prop Jean Princlary in the scrum, after the Frenchman's continual harassment of Billy Gore, the Welsh hooker. The Welsh team were happy to win the game by a single drop goal.
During the 1947/48 season, Davies was part of one of the strongest Cardiff teams in the club's history. Out of 41 games, Cardiff lost just two, to Pontypool and Penarth, and also beat the touring Australians. Davies was also picked to face the Australians for Wales, which saw the Welsh team win through two penalty goals from Bill Tamplin. Davies played for all four matches of the 1948 Five Nations Championship, though after a draw against England and a win over Scotland, Davies experienced his first international loss when Wales were beaten by both France and Ireland. The 1949 season was a poor one for Davies, as he was picked for only one game of the tournament in another loss to the French.
1950 was a far better year for Davies, which cemented his position as one of the truly great Welsh props. Davies played in all four of the 1950 Championship which saw Wales win their first Grand Slam since 1911. The Welsh pack included two inexperienced players, David Davies and John Robins, and it was Cliff who steadied the Welsh pack, allowing his hooker to win key possession in the scrums. In the opening game against England, Davies also scored his only international points, finishing off a Lewis John run to score a try at Twickenham to give Wales the victory. That year he was chosen for the British Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand, and although playing in only one test, he was a popular character who kept up team morale.
Davies' played in the first three opening games of the 1951 Championship, but was dropped after a draw against Ireland at the Cardiff Arms Park. Davies then faced his final major touring team, when he was part of the Cardiff team that faced the touring South Africa team. It was a close match which Cardiff lost 11-9. Davies played particularly well in the front row, but when he turned up from working down the mine he was unshaven and used his stubble against the South African prop, Jaap Bekker in the scrum. After rubbing the side of Bekker's face raw, Bekker warned Davies to stop, or he would bite him. Davies did not stop, and Bekker responded by biting a piece out of Davies' ear which caused a heavy bleed.
Davies retired from first class rugby in 1952.
International matches played.
Wales
British Lions

</doc>
<doc id="20484061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484061" title="Midnight Madness">
Midnight Madness

Midnight Madness may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="20484063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484063" title="Lacusovagus">
Lacusovagus

Lacusovagus (meaning "lake wanderer") is a genus of azhdarchoid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Lower Cretaceous of Brazil. It is based on SMNK PAL 4325, a partial upper jaw comprising sections of the skull in front of the eyes. This specimen was found in rocks of the Early Cretaceous-age (probably Aptian stage, about 120 million years ago) Nova Olinda Member of the Crato Formation. The skull was long, and unusually wide. The section in front of the combined nasal-antorbital fenestra was relatively short. Also unusual was the combination of its toothless jaws and no bony head crest. "Lacusovagus" was described in 2008 by Mark Witton. The type species is "L. magnificens", meaning "grand lake wanderer", in reference to its large size--it is currently the largest pterosaur known from the Crato Formation with an estimated wingspan of 4.1 meters (13.4 ft).
"Lacusovagus" shares many characteristics with the basal azhdarchoid family Chaoyangopteridae, and preliminary studies suggested it was a member of that clade.

</doc>
<doc id="20484065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484065" title="Cuba–Greece relations">
Cuba–Greece relations

Cuban-Greek relations are foreign relations between Cuba and Greece. Cuba has an embassy in Athens and Greece has an embassy in Havana. Greek positions on matters concerning Cuba are elaborated jointly with other European Union members.
History.
There are between 30 and 50 people of Greek descent in Cuba. They are located mostly in Havana, where there is a Greek embassy. In 2004, Cuba built its first church in 43 years, the St. Nikolaos Greek Orthodox Church in Old Havana. It serves Havana's estimated 8,000 Orthodox Christians, 50 of whom are Greek. Cuba's first Greek Orthodox church, Saints Constantine and Helen, was built in 1950 but was never used for church services. As of 2004, it remained the home of a children's theater company, despite diplomatic efforts by Giorgos Kostoulas, Greece's ambassador to Cuba, to return the church to its original purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="20484095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484095" title="Gunn Imsen">
Gunn Imsen

Gunn Imsen (born 11 June 1946) is a Norwegian educationalist.
She took her undergraduate education at the University of Oslo. She has been a professor at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology since 1993. Notabe publications include "Elevenes verden. Innføring i pedagogisk psykologi" (1984) and "Lærerens verden. Innføring i generell didaktikk" (1997).

</doc>
<doc id="20484111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484111" title="Gwyneth Rees">
Gwyneth Rees

Gwyneth Rees (born May 10 1968) is a British author of children's books. Her novel "The Mum Hunt" won the Red House Children's Book Award for Younger Readers in 2004, and another, "My Mum's from Planet Pluto", was nominated for the Carnegie Medal in the same year. Her other popular books for younger children include the "Fairy Dust" series, the first of which was an Ottakar's Book of the Month choice, and the "Mermaid Magic" trilogy.
Biography.
Gwyneth Rees was born in Leicester in 1968. She is half Welsh and half English, and grew up in Scotland after her family moved to Glasgow when she was six. She studied medicine at Glasgow University, has worked in London as a consultant child psychiatrist, but now writes full-time. 
She wrote her first book when she was ten, inspired by Enid Blyton, but the first to be published was "Something Secret" in 2001. 
Books.
Gwyneth Rees writes both books of everyday life and fantasies for younger children, both kinds written with humour and insight. 
In "My Mum's from Planet Pluto" Daniel faces social disaster when his mother becomes his headteacher, but worse is to come when she starts acting strangely. It is a perceptive tale of the effects of bipolar disorder on a family. In the Esmie series, Esmie tries to find a suitable wife for her widowed policeman father – and then persuade him to get married – as well as solving some mysteries along the way. "The Making of May" revolves around a garden and another mystery, this time for a girl who lives with her grown-up brother.
The "Fairy Dust" series has different human characters each time, and the stories are set at different places in the British countryside. The children often have some problem which is helped when they help the fairies – small, winged fairies all, but different in type, tooth fairies in "Fairy Gold", dream fairies in "Fairy Dreams", book fairies in "Fairy Treasure", for example. Fairy dust provides the magic, and believers – both child and adult – can visit fairyland. Rani the mermaid in "Mermaid Magic" discovers the reason why she is different from the other mermaids and finds her other family. Cosmo, who has always longed to be a witch's cat, discovers that witches can be very bad indeed in "Cosmo and the Magic Sneeze".
Bibliography.
The Rani series
The Fairy Dust series
The Esmie series
The Cosmo series

</doc>
<doc id="20484137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484137" title="Shutman Lake">
Shutman Lake

Shutman Lake (; , "Šutmansko jezero") is one of the largest mountain lakes in the Sharr Mountains in Kosovo. It is located in southern Kosovo, in the municipality of Dragaš. It lies on an elevation of above sea level. The lake has a maximum length of and a maximum width of . It is deep.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20484153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484153" title="Marcellus (usurper)">
Marcellus (usurper)

Marcellus (died 366) was an officer of the Roman Empire, supporter of usurper Procopius and usurper himself for a short time.
There are two versions of the history of his usurpation, the first told by Ammianus Marcellinus, a contemporary historian, the second exposed by Zosimus, an historian of the beginning of the 6th century.
Ammianus Marcellinus' version.
Ammianus Marcellinus underlines the fact that Marcellus was a relative of Procopius (a member of the Constantinian dynasty). In 365 Procopius rebelled against emperor Valens, taking the purple; Marcellus became his "protector" and was entrusted with the defence of Nicaea. When, in 366, Procopius was killed, Marcellus killed Serenianus, a cruel general of Valens' who had been captured by Procopius at Cyzicus, and then conquered Chalcedon.
Procopius had based his usurpation on his bond with the Constantinian family and on the support by some barbaric peoples; Marcellus tried to exploit his own bond to Procopius and to consolidate an alliance with Gothic tribes, and proclaimed himself emperor, but his rule was short. Valens' "magister militum", Equitius, came to know about Procopius' death and attacked Marcellus, capturing him. After few days, Marcellus and some of his supporters were put to death.
Zosimus' version.
According to Zosimus, Marcellus was sent by Procopius from Constantinople into Bithynia, to counter the cavalry unit under Serenianus' command and loyal to Valens. Serenianus occupied Cyzicus, but Marcellus put the city under siege and took it, forcing Serenianus to flee; after a short pursue in Lydia, Marcellus killed him.
After Procopius' death, Valens captured Marcellus. According to Zosimus and John of Antioch, Marcellus was suspected of planning a usurpation, as he had been found with the regalia of Procopius; thus Valens ordered his death and that of his family and his supporters.

</doc>
<doc id="20484167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484167" title="Minuscule 2613">
Minuscule 2613

Minuscule 2613 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Dated paleografically to the 11th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels on 321 parchment leaves (18 cm by 14.4 cm). The text is written in one column per page, in 18 lines per page. 
Aland did not place it to any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual group M106 in Luke 1, Luke 10, and Luke 20.
History.
The codex now is located in the Kenneth Willis Clark Collection of the Duke University (Gk MS 6) at Durham. 

</doc>
<doc id="20484176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484176" title="Grace Comiskey">
Grace Comiskey

Grace Reidy Comiskey (c. 1894 – December 10, 1956) was the owner of the Chicago White Sox of the American League from through . Comiskey was the daughter-in-law of Charles Comiskey and inherited control of the White Sox upon the death of her husband J. Louis Comiskey. Control of the White Sox passed to Comiskey's daughter, Dorothy Comiskey Rigney, upon her death.
She died of a heart attack aged 63 in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20484179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484179" title="Greece–Holy See relations">
Greece–Holy See relations

Greece–Holy See relations of diplomatic character were established in 1980. The Holy See immediately set up its Apostolic Nunciature to Greece in Athens. The Greek ambassador to the Holy See resided at first in Paris, where he was concurrently accredited to France; but in 1988 a separate Greek embassy to the Holy See, situated in Rome, was set up.
In May 2001, Pope John Paul II made a visit of pilgrimage to Greece.
History.
The East-West Schism divided medieval Christendom into Orthodox Christian and Western Roman Catholic. Relations between East and West had long been embittered by political and ecclesiastical differences and theological disputes.
Ecumenical relations.
Relations with Greece are largely related to ecumenical relations with the Greek Orthodox Church and the Greek Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople. In 2007 Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I of Constantinople gave his approval to the Declaration of Ravenna, a Catholic–Orthodox document concerning the Protos, although future discussions are to be held on the concrete ecclesiological exercise of papal primacy.

</doc>
<doc id="20484186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484186" title="Kenneth Hugdahl">
Kenneth Hugdahl

Kenneth Hugdahl (born 15 January 1948, Östersund, Sweden) is a Swedish psychologist.
He took his doctor's degree at the Uppsala University in 1977. He worked as a researcher there from 1980, and in 1984 he was appointed professor at the University of Bergen. Notable publications include "Psychophysiology: The Mind-Body Perspective" (1995), "Experimental Methods in Neuropsychology" (2002) and "The Asymmetrical Brain" (2003). He also edited the "Scandinavian Journal of Psychology" from 1990 to 2004.
He was a member of the Research Council of Norway from 1988 to 1989, and of the MacArthur Foundation from 1990 to 2000. He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters. He is currently the Head of the Bergen fMRI Group which initiated use of functional magnetic resonance imaging in neuroscience in Norway and the Nordic countries in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20484194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484194" title="Greatest Hits (Billy Dean album)">
Greatest Hits (Billy Dean album)

Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album released by American country music artist Billy Dean. It reprises his first nine singles, presented in chronological order from 1991's "Only Here for a Little While" to 1993's "I'm Not Built That Way", as well as the track "Once in a While", which was also included on the soundtrack to the 1994 film "8 Seconds". The album was certified gold by the RIAA.

</doc>
<doc id="20484202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484202" title="Izhar Qazi">
Izhar Qazi

Izhar Qazi (Urdu: 1955-December 23, 2007) was a famous two time Nigar award winning, Pakistani film and television actor and a playback singer, perhaps best known for his resemblance to the Indian film actor Amitabh Bachhan. Among his peers he was known for his modest lifestyle and honesty. His most famous movies are Love In Nepal, Aalmi Jasoos, Khazana and Sar Kata Insaan.
Entry in show business.
Izhar Qazi was born in Khadda Market, Karachi. By profession he was an engineer and worked at a respectable position at Pakistan Steel Mills until he was spotted by the manager Admin of Pakistan Steel Syed Abdul Munim and introduced him to the famous TV drama writer Fatima Suraiyya Bajia, who subsequently called for audition. Fatima Suraiyya Bajia was looking for a new face for television at that time and Izhar's striking resemblance with Indian film actor Amitab Bachhan immediately caught her attention.
Television.
Izhar Qazi made his showbiz debut in 1982 by starring in Fatima Surraiyya Bajia's family television drama serial Ana. In one of the middle episodes of Ana in which he appeared for the first time, Izhar didn’t deliver a single dialogue. But his mere appearance on the screen and resemblance with Amitabh caught the eyes of every viewer in Pakistan. Debuting alongside another newcomer, Mehreen Ilahi, as the young romantic lead and proving his mettle opposite veteran television performers Shakeel and Ghazala Kaifi, Izhar became a household name through his first TV serial. His credentials were further strengthened by excellent acting in the serial Daira and Gardish, again standing out in presence of Shakeel and the late Pakistani actor Saqi.
Qazi's last acting role before his retirement was in the private TV serial, Pani Pe Naam, aired on PTV for which he received a nomination in the best actor category of Lux Style Awards in 2004.
Film.
Soon after achieving moderate television success, Izhar Qazi played a gamble by leaving his job and venturing into films and remarkably again achieved instant Lollywood stardom.
Izhar Qazi made his film debut in 1986 by starring in Nazar Shabab's Ruby, as the lead actor, which was an instant hit. He excelled in the film despite the presence of veterans Mustafa Qureshi, Shafi Mohammad, Sabeeta and Rangeela. Although Javed Shiekh was cast initially for the lead role, his sudden disappearance from the cast (due to his visit to India with Salma Agha), forced the film distributor Satish Anand to send Izhar Qazi to fill the gap left by Javed Sheikh. During this time Jan Mohammad, another Pakistani film director, grew fed up with Javed and replaced Javed's role with Izhar for his film Bangkok ke chor. In only his third moview, Izhar acted opposite Shabnam (Pakistan's top film actress at that time) in a unique young-to-old character role. Most of his films were in Urdu but he also appeared in double version Urdu-Punjabi films, besides acting in his only Pushto film, Ghunghru do Kalashankoff, opposite Salma Agha.
Soon Izhar made a successful partnership with director Jan Muhammad and released hit films such as Manila ki bijlyan, Roop ki rani and Choron ka baadshah. He also made a successful acting pair with the late Sultan Rahi, releasing a series of successful Punjabi films such as Abdullah the great, Irada, Gujjar baadshah, Lahori baadshah, Pajero group, Ghunda and Dilari. Hence he was more of an action hero than a romantic one. Qazi's role in Sakhi baadshan and Bakhtawar, both earned him the prestigious Nigar Awards twice. He also received the National Award for best actor for his role in Masood Butt's Chiragh Bali. One of his only SciFi film Sar kata insaan, in which he played the role of a police investigation officer won a whopping 8 Nigar awards. Qazi also won Graduate Award and Bolan Award.
Retirement.
Disillusioned by the dismal situation of Lollywood and the quality of films being produced, besides the local film industry politics, Izhar Qazi called it quit a couple of years ago. He then concentrated on his real estate business.
Personal life.
Izhar Qazi has four daughters and a son.[http://www.dawn.com/2007/12/25/local5.htm] Besides acting Izhar was also fond of singing and worked as a playback singer in a handful of films, releasing an audio album which didn’t get good reviews from music lovers. He also had good literary sense and was actively involved in various literary organizations and functions.
Death.
On December 23, 2007, Izhar Qazi, suffered heart attack on late Sunday night while singing at a marriage ceremony of his sister-in-law in Gulistan-e-Jauhar, Karachi He collapsed and was taken to a nearby private hospital where he died after two hours. His funeral prayers were offered at Masjid Darul Khair, Gulistan-i-Jauhar and was buried at Model Colony graveyard the next day.
Filmography.
Films.
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1997
1999
2004
2005

</doc>
<doc id="20484224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484224" title="Hubert Houben (historian)">
Hubert Houben (historian)

Hubert Houben (4 February 1953, Heinsberg) is a German historian who specialized in the medieval history of Southern Italy. Living at Lecce since 1980, he acquired Italian citizenship in 1988. 
He is corresponding member of the "Accademia Pontaniana" based in Naples (from 2006) and of the "Society for the Study of the Crusades and the Latin East" (SSCLE).

</doc>
<doc id="20484241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484241" title="Bayesian vector autoregression">
Bayesian vector autoregression

In statistics, Bayesian vector autoregression (BVAR) uses Bayesian methods to estimate a vector autoregression (VAR). In that respect, the difference with standard VAR models lies in the fact that the model parameters are treated as random variables, and prior probabilities are assigned to them.
The parameter space of VARs proliferates with the number of dependent variables and the number of lags. At the same time, (macro-) economic datasets involve monthly, quarterly or annual observations and, thus are only of moderate size. Bayesian methods have attracted attention because full and empirical Bayes estimators help provide shrinkage over unrestricted least squares estimates. A typical example is the shrinkage prior proposed by Robert Litterman, and subsequently developed by other researchers at University of Minnesota, which came to stay in the BVAR literature as the "Minnesota prior".
Recent research have shown that vector auto regression with Bayesian shrinkage is an appropriate tool for large scale dynamic models.

</doc>
<doc id="20484243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484243" title="39th Chess Olympiad">
39th Chess Olympiad

The 39th Chess Olympiad, organized by FIDE and comprising an open and a women's tournament, as well as several other events designed to promote the game of chess, took place from September 19 to October 4, 2010 in Khanty-Mansiysk, Russia. There were 148 teams in the open event and 115 in the women's event. In total, 1306 players were registered.
This was the fourth time Russia organized the Chess Olympiad after 1956 (Soviet Union), 1994, and 1998. Six cities had submitted bids to organize the Olympiad: Khanty-Mansiysk, Budva, Buenos Aires, Poznań, Riga, and Tallinn. The selection was part of the FIDE Congress held during the 37th Chess Olympiad in Turin in 2006.
The main events in both competitions were held in indoor tennis courts, which opened in September 2008. With an area of , it hosted 3,500 chess fans.
Both tournament sections were officiated by international arbiter Sava Stoisavljević (Serbia). For the second time, the number of rounds of the Swiss system was 11 with accelerated pairings. Both divisions were played over four boards per round, with each team allowed one alternate for a total of five players. The final rankings were determined by match points. In the event of a draw, the tie-break was decided by 1. Deducted Sonneborn-Berger; 2. Game points; 3. Deducted sum of match points.
The time control for each game permitted each player 90 minutes their first 40 moves and 30 minutes for the rest of the game, with an additional 30 seconds increment for each player after each move, beginning with the first. The rule introduced at the previous Olympiad, according to which no draws by agreement were permitted before 30 moves, was once again abolished.
Open event.
The open division was contested by 148 teams representing 141 nations. Russia, as hosts, fielded no less than five teams, whilst the "International Braille Chess Association" (IBCA), the "International Physically Disabled Chess Association" (IPCA), and the "International Committee of Silent Chess" (ICSC) each provided one squad. Senegal were signed up, but did not turn up for their first round match and were disqualified.
Ukraine, led by Vasyl Ivanchuk and former FIDE Champion Ruslan Ponomariov, took their second title after 2004. Once again, the Russian hosts were the pre-tournament favourites but, for the fourth Olympiad in a row, failed to live up to expactations, although they came close this time. Captained by former World Champion Vladimir Kramnik, the Russians trailed the Ukrainians by one point before the last round. When Ukraine and eventual bronze medallists Israel, led by Boris Gelfand, drew their final match, Russia had the opportunity to snatch the gold. They only drew as well, however, so in the end had to settle for silver.
Although the Russian "A" team disappointed its fans on its home turf, the "B" squad, with five Olympic debutants, exceeded expectations by finishing sixth. Captain Ian Nepomniachtchi won an individual bronze medal on the top board.
Defending champions Armenia had to settle for seventh place and Team USA for ninth. India was once again without reigning World Champion Viswanathan Anand and finished 18th, while his opponent in the recent championship match, Veselin Topalov, led Bulgaria to 31st place. Another former great power of chess, England, also disappointed in 24th place. The number one player in the world, Magnus Carlsen, only scored 4½ points in 8 games, and his Norwegian team ended up in 51st place.
Due to financial disagreements with the national federation, the top German players did not show up. Seriously weakened, Team Germany came recorded an all-time low in 64th place, just below the team of physically impaired players. Incidentally, the IPCA team were led by Thomas Luther, a former 4-time Olympian for the German team.
Group prizes.
In addition to the overall medals, prizes were given out to the best teams in five different seeding groups — in other words, the teams who exceeded their seeding the most. Overall medal winners were not eligible for group prizes.
Individual medals.
All board prizes were given out according to performance ratings. Sutovsky on the second board had the best performance of all players at the tournament:
Women's results.
The women's division was contested by 115 teams representing 110 nations. Russia, as hosts, fielded three teams, whilst the "International Braille Chess Association" (IBCA), the "International Physically Disabled Chess Association" (IPCA), and the "International Committee of Silent Chess" (ICSC) each provided one squad.
The Russians won by an impressive four points to take their first independent title in the post-Soviet era. The team was led by the two Kosintseva sisters, who both won their respective boards, while reigning World Champion Alexandra Kosteniuk "only" played third board and finished sixth.
China was captained by soon-to-be World Champion, 16-year old Hou Yifan. They clinched the silver medals, another two points ahead of a field of six teams, of which defending champions Georgia had the best tie-break score and took the bronze.
The number one female player in the world, Judit Polgár, was absent from the women's competition. Instead she represented Hungary on third board in the open event, where she finished fourth both individually and with the team.
Individual medals.
All board prizes were given out according to performance ratings. Gaponenko on the fourth board had the best performance of all players at the tournament:
Overall title.
The Nona Gaprindashvili Trophy is awarded to the nation that has the highest toal number of match points in the open and women's divisions combined. Where two or more teams are tied, they are ordered by the same tie breakers as in the two separate events.
The trophy, named after the former women's World Champion (1961-78), was created by FIDE in 1997.
FIDE presidential election.
During the Olympiad, Kirsan Ilyumzhinov was re-elected as President of FIDE, defeating his rival, former World Champion Anatoly Karpov, decisively by 95 votes to 55.
Controversies.
In the first round, the team from Yemen team refused to play against Israel. Each of the four Israeli players was thus awarded a technical victory.
Three French players were caught in a scheme to use a computer program to decide moves. Their plan involved one player, Cyril Marzolo, following the tournament at home and using the computer program to decide the best moves. He would send the moves by text message to another player, Arnaud Hauchard, who would then stand or sit at various tables as a signal to the player Sébastien Feller to make a certain move. Feller and Marzolo were given five year suspensions for this, while Hauchard was given a lifetime suspension. None of the other players on the French team knew of this or were involved.

</doc>
<doc id="20484259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484259" title="Cocumola">
Cocumola

Cocumola is a small Italian town close to the Adriatic coast and about 42 km distant from Lecce. Administratively it counts as a "frazione" of the commune of Minervino di Lecce, and falls within the province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20484272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484272" title="Namoni Majuli">
Namoni Majuli

Namoni Majuli (also called Lower Majuli) is the lower part of Majuli, Jorhat, Assam. It starts from Kamalabari to lower most Ahotguri mouza. But years ago this mouza has been vanished due to severe flood erosion of Brahmaputra river.

</doc>
<doc id="20484284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484284" title="Minuscule 2614">
Minuscule 2614

Minuscule 2614 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament. Dated paleografically to the 13th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels, on 272 parchment leaves (20.2 cm by 15.0 cm). It contains miniatures. Written in one column per page, in 20 lines per page. 
The Greek text of the codex Kurt Aland did not place in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kx in Luke 1, textual cluster Π171 in Luke 10 and Luke 20.
History.
The codex now is located in the Kenneth Willis Clark Collection of the Duke University (Gk MS 7) at Durham. 

</doc>
<doc id="20484302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484302" title="Rachel Walker (singer)">
Rachel Walker (singer)

Rachel Walker (born 1976) is an English born singer of Gaelic folk music, having performed and recorded as a solo artist as well as in bands, such as Skipinnish.
Born in Salisbury, she moved to Wester Ross at age eight, and attended Kinlochewe Primary School and Gairloch High School, learning Gaelic song and traditional music.
On leaving school Walker completed a course in classical music at Napier University and in 1996, she was accepted as one of the first students on the brand new Scottish music course at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama where she studied Gaelic song under the tutelage of the renowned Gaelic singer Kenna Campbell.
She is married with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20484319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484319" title="Kobashi">
Kobashi

Kobashi is a Japanese family name. Famous people named Kobashi include:

</doc>
<doc id="20484347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484347" title="Chile–Estonia relations">
Chile–Estonia relations

Chile–Estonia relations are foreign relations between Chile and Estonia. Chile re-recognized Estonia on August 28, 1991 and diplomatic relations between the two countries were established on September 27, 1991. Chile is represented in Estonia through its ambassador who resides in Helsinki (Finland) and through an honorary consulate in Tallinn. Estonia is represented in Chile through an honorary consulate in Santiago. The current Chilean ambassador to Estonia, Carlos Parra Merino, officially presented his credentials to the Estonian President Toomas Hendrik Ilves in June 2007. Carlos Parra Merino resides in Helsinki.
Trade.
Chile is among Estonia's most important foreign trade partners in South America. In 2007, trade between Estonia and Chile was valued at 6.3 million EUR. Estonian exports included mainly machinery, mechanical equipment, and mineral fuels; Chile exports included mainly wine, fish, crustaceans and fruit. In 2004, 83% of Chile exports to Estonia, then totaling 2.4 million EUR, consisted of wine. In 2008, Chilean wines held the highest share of Estonia's imported wine market, followed by Spanish wines. Due to its climate being unsuitable for large-scale grape production, most wine sold in Estonia is imported.
Culture.
In 2006, Estonia and Chile issued the joint Antarctic themed stamp series, designed by Ülle Marks and Jüri Kass, bearing images of the Emperor penguin and the minke whale. The works of Chilean writers Isabel Allende, Pablo Neruda and José Donoso have been translated into Estonian.

</doc>
<doc id="20484349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484349" title="Microheater">
Microheater

Microheaters are small high power heaters with precise control, that can offer temperatures in excess of 1000C, even up to 1900C. Microheaters provide for accurate high temperature control, for example in electron microscopes, pressure-anvil cells or for enhancing fiberheaters. Generally speaking, the heating method for microheaters involves conversion of electrical work to high density heat. With the increase in the temperature demanded, microheater heating materials change from metallic (non-brittle GAXP) to metal-ceramic like materials (MoSi2) which tend to be brittle. With an increase in usable temperature, microheaters need to be supported or enclosed with very high thermal-resistant ceramic materials often made from small grain, high purity aluminum oxide. 
Other potential uses include:
When microheaters need controls it is important to heat only electrically, so that power may be controlled by a feed-back mechanism. New superheated steam or gas spot heaters are coming into use for spot microheater applications.

</doc>
<doc id="20484367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484367" title="Bayesian econometrics">
Bayesian econometrics

Bayesian econometrics is a branch of econometrics which applies Bayesian principles to economic modelling. Bayesianism is based on a degree-of-belief interpretation of probability, as opposed to a relative-frequency interpretation.
The Bayesian principle relies on Bayes' theorem which states that the probability of B conditional on A is the ratio of joint probability of A and B divided by probability of B. Bayesian econometricians assume that coefficients in the model have prior distributions.
This approach was first propagated by Arnold Zellner.

</doc>
<doc id="20484375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484375" title="2001 Open Gaz de France">
2001 Open Gaz de France

The 2001 Open Gaz de France was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Stade Pierre de Coubertin in Paris in France and was part of Tier II of the 2001 WTA Tour. It was the ninth edition of the tournament and ran from February 6 through February 11, 2001. Amélie Mauresmo won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="20484377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484377" title="Richard Willis Jameson">
Richard Willis Jameson

Richard Willis Jameson (12 July 1851 - 21 February 1899) was a Canadian politician serving as an alderman and 15th Mayor of Winnipeg and as a Member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Born in Cape Town, South Africa, Jameson was educated in the United Kingdom. He graduated from Trinity College, Cambridge after attending King's College London. He moved to Canada in 1876, first practicing law in Toronto then received his admission to the bar in Ontario the following year. He moved to Winnipeg in 1881 to conduct land speculation at a time when that city's economy enjoyed considerable growth. He was inducted into Manitoba's provincial bar in 1882.
Following terms as Winnipeg alderman since 1892, Jameson was elected the city's Mayor for 1896.
After the federal election results for the Winnipeg riding were annulled in March 1897, Jameson entered a by-election as a Liberal candidate. He won the riding on 27 April 1897 and served for a portion of the 8th Canadian Parliament. However, Jameson died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound on 21 February 1899 shortly after presenting a speech to the Winnipeg Board of Trade. However, an investigation concluded that his death was not suicidal but accidental in nature.
Winnipeg named Jamison Avenue in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20484382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484382" title="Dorothy Comiskey Rigney">
Dorothy Comiskey Rigney

Dorothy Comiskey Rigney (c. 1917 – January 22, 1971) was the owner of the Chicago White Sox of the American League from through . She is one of the few women to have served as principal owner of a Major League Baseball team. She was born in Chicago.
Rigney, wife of former White Sox pitcher and executive Johnny Rigney, was the eldest grandchild of Charles Comiskey and inherited control of the White Sox upon the death of her mother, Grace Comiskey. 
For most of her tenure as owner, Dorothy was in a running battle for control of the team with her younger brother, Chuck, who was the team's second-largest stockholder. When Dorothy put the team on the market after the 1958 season, she initially wanted to sell it to her brother. However, Chuck made such a lowball offer that Dorothy instead sold the White Sox to Bill Veeck, ending the Comiskey family's 58-year control of the franchise.
She died at a Maywood, Illinois hospital in 1971 at the age of 54.

</doc>
<doc id="20484395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484395" title="Men'll Be Boys">
Men'll Be Boys

"Men'll Be Boys" is the title of the fourth studio album from American country music artist Billy Dean. It was released in 1994 (see 1994 in country music) on Liberty Records as his final album for the label before Liberty's country music division was merged with Capitol Records Nashville. The album produced only two singles in "Cowboy Band" and "Men WIll Be Boys", which respectively reached #24 and #60 on the "Billboard" country singles charts.
The album includes two cover songs: "I Will Be Here" was previously released by Steven Curtis Chapman on his 1989 album "More to This Life", and "Misery and Gin" was previously released by Merle Haggard on his 1980 album "Back to the Barrooms".
Credits.
Album produced by Jimmy Bowen for Lynwood Productions and Billy Dean; "Starting Over Again" and "I Will Be Here" produced by Chuck Howard.

</doc>
<doc id="20484431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484431" title="City Out of Wilderness">
City Out of Wilderness

City Out of Wilderness is a 1974 American short documentary film produced by Francis Thompson. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
Produced by the United States Capitol Historical Society, "City Out of Wilderness" chronicles the history and evolution of Washington, D.C., from its very beginnings to the then-modern era of the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20484452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484452" title="Muhovo, Sofia Province">
Muhovo, Sofia Province

Muhovo () is a village in Ihtiman Municipality in Sofia Province, western Bulgaria with a population of 138.
Geography.
The village is located in the mountain of Sredna Gora, on the southern edge of the Topolnitsa Reservoir, at 22 km to the east of Ihtiman. Muhovo is in the vicinity of the villages of Lesichovo and Tserovo. The surrounding region has a soft microclimate due to the reservoir and the southern slopes of the mountain. There are 280 sunny day annually which is above the average for Bulgaria.
History.
Before the construction of the dam the village was located on the banks of the Topolnitsa River. During the April Uprising the "Flying Band" of Georgi Benkovski passed through the villages of Oborishte, Poibrene and Muhovo. In Muhovo over 40 people volunteered to join Benkovski. Many people from the village took part in the September Uprising of 1923. 
Religion.
Currently a new church named after Saint George is under construction. The old church is now underwater in the reservoir and used to have a large yard and a separate belfry. 
External links.
www.muhovo.info — Information for Muhovo

</doc>
<doc id="20484459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484459" title="Belly Dancer (Kardinal Offishall song)">
Belly Dancer (Kardinal Offishall song)

"Belly Dancer" is a hip-hop song by Kardinal Offishall featuring Pharrell Williams. Produced by The Neptunes, the single was released on March 25, 2003. It was originally the first single from his unreleased album, "Firestarter Vol. 2: The F-Word Theory".
Background.
The song was inspired by Naomi Campbell, who was in the studio while the song was recorded. The single briefly appeared on the "Billboard" charts, and a music video was shot by Little X on May 7, 2003 in Toronto. However, the video remains unreleased, because Kardinal's label at the time, MCA Records, was absorbed into Geffen Records, leaving the single without promotion.
In an interview, Kardinal stated that he does not like the song, and "it was the first thing I did that wasn't from the heart."
Track listing.
12" single.
A-side
B-side

</doc>
<doc id="20484463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484463" title="List of towns and cities in Devon by population">
List of towns and cities in Devon by population

This list is of towns and cities in Devon in order of their population, according to the 2001 census data from the Office for National Statistics. It comprises the Key Statistics for local authorities, civil parishes and wards that attempt to show their populations. The largest settlement in Devon is the city and unitary authority of Plymouth with a population of 240,720, whereas the smallest settlement was the town and civil parish of Hatherleigh with a population of 1,306. The city of Exeter, which is home to Exeter Cathedral, is the county town and headquarters of Devon County Council. The ceremonial county of Devon includes unitary authority areas such as Plymouth and Torbay, but the non-metropolitan county of Devon excludes such unitary authority areas. It is governed by Devon County Council, whereas Plymouth and Torbay can govern themselves on matters such as transport and education.
Traditionally a town is any settlement which has received a charter of incorporation, more commonly known as a town charter, approved by the monarch. However, since 1974, any civil parish has the right to declare itself as a town. Prior to 1888, city status was given to settlements home to a cathedral of the Church of England such as Exeter. After 1888 it was no longer a necessary condition, leading to Plymouth gaining city-status in 1928. Historical towns such as Plympton, Stonehouse and Devonport, which were merged into the city of Plymouth, have not been included, as well as Topsham, which became a part of Exeter's urban district, and St Marychurch, which was annexed by Torquay. However, the unitary authority area of Torbay recognises the three towns of Torquay, Paignton and Brixham. The ward for Ottery St Mary is also included, as it is titled "Ottery St Mary Town". 
Changes to population structures have, however, led to explosions in non-traditional settlements that do not fall into traditional, bureaucratic definitions of 'towns'. Several villages, which are not included in this list, have grown steadily and are more populous than many towns. For example, Fremington with a population of 9 744 would be in the top 20 whilst its neighbour Braunton, population of 7 510, is just below it.

</doc>
<doc id="20484471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484471" title="Moel Llyfnant">
Moel Llyfnant

Moel Llyfnant is a mountain in the southern portion of the Snowdonia National Park in Gwynedd, Wales. It is a peak in the Arenig mountain range. It lies to the west of Arenig Fawr. It has one notable top, the twin peaked Gallt y Daren, being at the end of its west ridge.
The summit area has rocky outcrops, on top of one lies the small cairn that marks the summit. The views of Arenig Fawr are excellent, while to the south Rhobell Fawr and Dduallt can be observed, and to the west Gallt y Daren and Foel Boeth. 

</doc>
<doc id="20484479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484479" title="Emmanuel Briffa">
Emmanuel Briffa

Emmanuel Briffa (1875–1955) was a Canadian theatre decorator whose career in North America spanned thirty years, starting in 1912.
Devoted almost entirely to theatre decoration since immigrating to North America from Malta in 1912, Briffa spent several years working in the United States prior to moving to Canada during the early 1920s. In Canada, Briffa established himself as one of the most sought after theatre decorators, decorating approximately one hundred theatres.
Quebec.
His cinema designs in Quebec included the Louis XVI style design for the Rialto Theatre, a National Historic Site of Canada, the former Snowdon Theatre,Seville Theatre, Cinema V, York Theatre as well as the Granada Theatre in Sherbrooke, Quebec, also a National Historic Site.

</doc>
<doc id="20484490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484490" title="Kalon Oros, Cephalonia">
Kalon Oros, Cephalonia

Kalon Oros is one of the mountains in the North West of Cephalonia Height 901m

</doc>
<doc id="20484494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484494" title="Exploratorium (film)">
Exploratorium (film)

Exploratorium is a 1974 American short documentary film about the Exploratorium science museum in San Franciso, produced by Jon Boorstin. The film explores the museum through imagery and sound, without voice-over. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20484503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484503" title="International Interactive Communications Society">
International Interactive Communications Society

International Interactive Communications Society (IICS) is a professional trade association for companies and individuals involved in interactive media. The organization traces its roots to the days of interactive laser disc production in the San Francisco Bay Area during the 1980s. Originally the society was proposed as a special interest group of the International Television Association (ITVA), now known as Media Communications Association – International (MCA-I), but the charter members decided to establish the society as an independent entity with different membership requirements for the new interactive and computer based communications. The charter members were composed of equipment vendors, independent producers, training professionals and members of Apple's IIe computer group, Sony's SMC-70 computer & interactive laser disc groups and Pioneer's interactive Laserdisc groups.
In its heyday the organization had hundreds of members in the San Francisco Bay Area and thousands of members worldwide with chapters in Los Angeles, Seattle, San Francisco, Dallas, Chicago, Atlanta, San Diego, Detroit (Great Lakes).
Charter members.
Pioneering IICS members continue to use the talent and skills in interactive communications developed during their tenure at IICS as interactivity and consumer engagement evolve in the multimedia, streaming media, Web 2.0, Web 3.0 and mobile media industries. .

</doc>
<doc id="20484514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484514" title="Uncial 0266">
Uncial 0266

Uncial 0266 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains two small parts of the Gospel of Luke 20:19-25,30-39, on one parchment leaf (28 cm by 22 cm). It is survived in a fragmentary condition. It is written in one column per page, 33 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
It was examined by Kurt Treu and Horseley.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Berlin State Museums (P. 17034) in Berlin. 
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 

</doc>
<doc id="20484516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484516" title="Unattached Companies Massachusetts Volunteer Militia">
Unattached Companies Massachusetts Volunteer Militia

The Unattached Companies of Massachusetts Volunteer Militia were units of infantry raised for the defenses of the eastern coast of 
Massachusetts during the American Civil War. Twenty-six companies were mustered into the Union Army during 1864-1865, several of them reorganizing for additional terms of service.
History.
Beginning in April 1864, companies of infantry were needed for guard and garrison duty along the coast of Massachusetts; to be stationed at the numerous military posts located there for a ninety day period. With the Independent Division of Militia, a home guard militia organization, already established in the state in 1863, eight companies were recruited from their ranks, and mustered into United States service. Five other companies were detached from existing regiments of the Massachusetts Militia to finish the required roster.
Their term of enlistment soon ending, a call for 100-day companies was then ordered in July and August 1864 to fill the soon to be vacant positions at the coastal forts. Again, the state militia regiments were used to fill most of the quota, with a need to only recruit two new companies.
In late October 1864, the office of the Adjutant General released orders to the commanding officers of the "Companies of One Hundred Days Troops belonging to Massachusetts, now doing garrison duty at the forts on the coast", to reenlist their commands for one year, and to fill with new recruits any positions held by those men not choosing to rejoin. Six of the 100-day companies were re-mustered, including the 2nd Unattached Company now beginning its third term. None of the one-year companies finished a full term, as the war had come to an end, and all were mustered out by July 1865.
Unattached Companies.
Massachusetts Volunteer Militia.
Many of the new Unattached Companies were organized from companies previously in, or detached from, regiments of volunteer militia infantry units in Federal service from Massachusetts. They included:
3rd Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Militia
Co A = 22nd Unatt., Co E = 15th Unatt., Co H = 18th Unatt., Co I = 23rd Unatt.
4th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Militia
Co E = 20th Unatt.
6th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Militia
Co I = 8th Unatt.
7th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Militia
Co K = 17th Unatt.
8th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Militia
Co C = 27th Unatt., Co E = 2nd Unatt., Co I = 11th Unatt.
42nd Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Militia
Co G = 7th Unatt.
50th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Militia
Co A = 13th Unatt.

</doc>
<doc id="20484521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484521" title="Savoir aimer (album)">
Savoir aimer (album)

Savoir aimer is a 1997 album recorded by French singer Florent Pagny. It was his fifth album oversall and was released on 1 November 1997. It achieved huge success in France and Belgium (Wallonia), where it remained charted respectively for 84 and 64 weeks, including two weeks atop. To date it is Pagny's best-selling album, with over 1,5 million copies sold. It was led by the single "Savoir aimer", a number-one hit in both countries, and followed by "Chanter" (#16 in France, #15 in Belgium), "D'un amour l'autre" (#83 in France, limited edition) and "Dors" (#29 in France, #28 in Belgium). French artists Pascal Obispo, Zazie, Art Mengo and Jean-Jacques Goldman wrote at least one song of the album.
Track listing.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20484528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484528" title="John Muir's High Sierra">
John Muir's High Sierra

"John Muir's High Sierra" is a 1974 American short documentary film directed by Dewitt Jones produced by Dewitt Jones and Lesley Foster. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20484529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484529" title="Houben (surname)">
Houben (surname)

Houben is a Dutch and Low German patronymic surname meaning "son of Houb". Houb was a nickname for Huibert/Huibrecht/Hubrecht in Brabant and Limburg.[http://www.meertens.knaw.nl/nfb/detail_naam.php?gba_naam=Houben&nfd_naam=Houben&info=analyse%20en%20verklaring&operator=eq&taal=] People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20484539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484539" title="Riccardo Taddei">
Riccardo Taddei

Riccardo Taddei (born 5 September 1980 in Vecchiano) is an Italian association footballer who plays for Casale Calcio.
Career.
Taddei started his career at Pontedera of Province of Pisa. He then signed by AC Fiorentina as backup of Nuno Gomes, Enrico Chiesa, Gabriel Batistuta and Leandro Amaral. He played once in UEFA Cup 2001-02, and made his Serie A debut on 6 November 1999 against Cagliari Calcio.
After bankruptcy of Fiorentina, he was signed by Genoa of Serie B on . He failed to play as a regular, and joined Cremonese of Serie C2. He won promotion as runner up of Group A. In 2004-05 season, he won promotion again, this time as champions of Serie C1 group A. But in 2005-06 season, he did not play any games in Serie B. After Cremonese relegated, he played 7 more for the team in 2006-07 Serie C1 season. In August 2007, he moved to Brescia of Serie B. In January 2011 he joined U.S. Triestina Calcio.
In July 2011 he joined A.S. Casale Calcio.

</doc>
<doc id="20484540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484540" title="Alguber">
Alguber

Alguber () is a parish of Cadaval, in Lisbon district, Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="20484551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484551" title="Haraipur">
Haraipur

Haraipur is a village situated in the Unnao district of Uttar Pradesh, India. It is in the northwestern portion of the district, and touches the border of the neighboring district of Hardoi. The web site of our village is http://www.haraipur.webs.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20484568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484568" title="Archduchess Maria Theresa of Austria-Este (1817–1886)">
Archduchess Maria Theresa of Austria-Este (1817–1886)

Archduchess Maria Theresa of Austria-Este () (14 July 1817, Modena, Duchy of Modena and Reggio – 25 March 1886, Gorizia, Austria–Hungary) was a member of the House of Austria-Este and Archduchess and Princess of Austria, Princess of Hungary, Bohemia, and Modena by birth. Through her marriage to Henri, comte de Chambord, Maria Theresa was also a member of the House of Bourbon. Henri was disputedly King of France and Navarre from 2 to 9 August 1830 and afterwards the Legitimist Pretender to the throne of France from 1844 to 1883. Maria Theresa was the eldest child of Francis IV, Duke of Modena and his wife Maria Beatrice of Savoy.
Life.
Maria Theresa married Henri, comte de Chambord, the posthumous son of Charles Ferdinand, Duke of Berry, younger son of Charles X of France, by his wife, Princess Caroline Ferdinande of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, daughter of Francis I of the Two Sicilies, by proxy on 7 November 1846 in Modena and in person on 16 November 1846 in Bruck an der Mur. Maria Theresa and Henri produced no children.
Maria Theresa had been chosen as Henri's wife by his paternal aunt Marie-Thérèse-Charlotte of France. Marie-Thérèse sought to ally the exiled French Royal Family with the House of Austria-Este for several reasons: it was Roman Catholic and the only royal family not to have recognized the July Monarchy of Louis-Philippe of France. Henri had actually preferred Maria Theresa's youngest sister, Maria Beatrix.
After Henri's death on 24 August 1883, Maria Theresa and a minority of Henri's supporters held that Juan, Count of Montizón, as senior male descendant of Louis XIV, was his successor. Juan's wife was Maria Theresa's sister, Maria Beatrix.
Maria Theresa was instrumental in building a crypt for the French Royal Family at the Church of the Annunciation of Our Lady on Castagnevizza in Görz (now in Nova Gorica, Slovenia). It was her wish that the last of the Bourbons be gathered in one place together within the monastery at Castagnevizza. Three years after the death of her husband Henri, Maria Theresa died on 25 March 1886 in Görz, then Austria and was interred with her husband in the crypt of the church of Franciscan Monastery of Castagnevizza in Görz, then Austria, now Kostanjevica in the Slovenian town of Nova Gorica.

</doc>
<doc id="20484618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484618" title="It's What I Do">
It's What I Do

"It's What I Do" is the title of the fifth studio album released by American country music artist Billy Dean. It was his first album since "Men'll Be Boys" two years previous. This was also his first release for Capitol Records Nashville, as the Nashville division of Liberty Records had been merged into Capitol. The album produced three singles: the title track at #5, followed by "That Girl's Been Spyin' on Me" at #4 and "I Wouldn't Be a Man" at #45. (The latter was originally a Top Ten country hit for Don Williams, in 1987.) The album also reunited him with Tom Shapiro, who had co-produced his first two albums.
Personnel.
Synthesizer strings performed by Carl Marsh, arranged by Carl Marsh and Tom Shapiro.

</doc>
<doc id="20484639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484639" title="Peral">
Peral

Peral () is a "freguesia" (civil parish) of Cadaval, Portugal. One of its villages is Barreiras.

</doc>
<doc id="20484641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484641" title="Anne-Lise Seip">
Anne-Lise Seip

Anne-Lise Seip (born 6 November 1933) is a Norwegian historian and former politician for the Socialist People's Party. A professor emerita at the University of Oslo, she specialized in social history and the history of the welfare state. She was married to the famous historian Jens Arup Seip.
Career.
She grew up in Bergen, and finished her secondary education in 1952. She moved to Oslo in 1956 to study at the University of Oslo. She took the cand.philol. degree in 1966, and the dr.philos. degree in 1974 with the thesis "Vitenskap og virkelighet", about Torkel Halvorsen Aschehoug.
While studying, she was a member of the Labour Party-affiliated "Sosialistisk studentlag". However, she was excluded together with a group from this organization after visiting East Germany. Seip became a member of the Socialist People's Party at its foundation in 1961, and served for some time as a member of Bærum municipal council.
Seip was not hired in an academic position until 1974, when she became associate professor in criminology at the University of Oslo, covering for Tove Stang Dahl who was on a one-year leave. After one year, Seip was hired at the Institute of History. She was promoted to professor in 1985. Her field was modern Norwegian history, specifically social history, and her main works are "Om velferdsstatens framvekst" (1981), "Sosialhjelpstaten blir til. Norsk sosialpolitikk fra 1740 til 1920" (1984) and "Veien til velferdsstaten: norsk sosialpolitikk 1920-1975" (1994). She also penned volume eight of "Aschehougs Norgeshistorie".
As a professor emerita, she has biographed Johan Sebastian Welhaven in "Demringstid. Johan Sebastian Welhaven og nasjonen" (2007). She is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters and the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters. From 1974 to 1981 she was a member of Kringkastingsrådet.
Personal life.
Seip was married to historian Jens Arup Seip, whom she met as a tutor at the university. The couple had two children, Ingebjørg and Åsmund, both of whom are academics. Jens Arup Seip died in 1992. Seip still lives at Høvik in Bærum.

</doc>
<doc id="20484642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484642" title="Arthur Allyn, Jr.">
Arthur Allyn, Jr.

Arthur Allyn, Jr. (born December 24, 1913 in Chicago, Illinois - died March 22, 1985 in Sarasota, Florida) was the co-owner of the Chicago White Sox of the American League with his brother John Allyn from through . A few years after purchasing the franchise from Bill Veeck, Allyn tried to sell the team to a number of different parties, including Lamar Hunt and Bud Selig (who planned to move the team to Milwaukee, Wisconsin), before selling his share of the White Sox to his co-owner and brother John. Allyn also owned Chicago Mustangs soccer club that were charter members of the United Soccer Association in 1967. The Mustangs became part of the newly formed North American Soccer League the following year after merging with the NPSL.

</doc>
<doc id="20484661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484661" title="Arthur and Lillie">
Arthur and Lillie

Arthur and Lillie is a 1975 American short documentary film directed by Jon Else. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
This is a biographical documentary about Arthur and Lillie Mayer - their own lives and their adventures in the formation of "Hollywood" from its earliest days.

</doc>
<doc id="20484665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484665" title="NASCAR Kart Racing">
NASCAR Kart Racing

NASCAR Kart Racing is a kart racing video game that was released for the Wii console on February 10, 2009. The game features fourteen real world NASCAR drivers and ten fictional drivers. The cover drivers are, from left to right, Carl Edwards, Kyle Busch, Dale Earnhardt Jr., Jeff Gordon, Tony Stewart, and Jimmie Johnson. Other drivers featured in the game are Jeff Burton, Denny Hamlin, Kasey Kahne, Kevin Harvick, Elliott Sadler, and Matt Kenseth. Joey Logano and Richard Petty are unlockable drivers in the game.
This would be EA's only NASCAR title produced for 2009. Due to low sales numbers for "NASCAR 09" and other factors such as a difficulty making new features, the production of the annual simulation-style NASCAR series stopped until Eutechnyx's release of "". EA's license as NASCAR's official video game producer expired upon the release of "Gran Turismo 5".
Racetracks.
There are twelve different racetracks, four of which are real venues. All real venues exctept Talladega Superspeedway include not only a part of the real track, but a fictional, off-road section. At Daytona International Speedway and Bristol Motor Speedway, the finish line is located on the off-road section. At Dover International Speedway, the finish line is located on the real track, but is located just after the crossover from the off-road section.

</doc>
<doc id="20484671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484671" title="Susan Carpenter-McMillan">
Susan Carpenter-McMillan

Susan Carpenter-McMillan (born circa 1949) was a senior adviser to Paula Jones during the Lewinsky scandal and headed the Paula Jones Legal Defense Fund. In 1997 Clinton was willing to settle the lawsuit that Jones brought against him for $700,000. Carpenter-McMillan advised Jones to reject Clinton's offer because the offer did not include an apology. Jones followed Carpenter-McMillan's advice, which contradicted the advice she received from her lawyers, Gilbert Davis and Joseph Cammarata. Jones eventually settled the case with Clinton for $850,000 and no apology.
In 2000 Carpenter-McMillan unsuccessfully ran for the California State Assembly against Carol Liu.
Family.
Carpenter-McMillan was married to attorney William McMillan whom she divorced in 1998. She has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20484672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484672" title="Clarence Square">
Clarence Square

Clarence Square is a small park in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada, where Wellington Street West meets Spadina Avenue. It is a relatively quiet and shady park, with many large trees and a spacious grassy terrain. There are several benches and picnic tables scattered throughout and a drinking fountain in the centre. 
The origins of the name of the square is unclear, but both are linked to members of the British Royal Family, Prince William Henry or Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence with the former being the likely name as the name appeared on maps in the 1850s.
In the northwest corner of the park is a historical plaque honouring Alexander Dunn, born near the park, who was the first Canadian recipient of the Victoria Cross. In 1854, he was a participant in the charge of the Light Brigade at Balaclava, saving the lives of two fellow soldiers. Hugh John Macdonald, son of Prime Minister Sir John Alexander Macdonald also lived in the area (#304).
Clarence Square is one of the oldest remaining park spaces in the downtown core of Toronto. The park became a largely neglected space however when the rail yards and industrial warehouses inhabited areas adjacent to the park. Today however, industry has left the neighbourhood and the area is primarily residential and commercial.
Historic buildings along Clarence Square include:

</doc>
<doc id="20484690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484690" title="Barreiras (Cadaval)">
Barreiras (Cadaval)

Barreiras is a village in Peral, Cadaval, Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="20484695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484695" title="ADAC (disambiguation)">
ADAC (disambiguation)

ADAC is an initialism which means any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20484698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484698" title="Millions of Years Ahead of Man">
Millions of Years Ahead of Man

Millions of Years Ahead of Man is a 1975 West German short documentary film produced by Manfred Baier. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20484703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484703" title="Hungary–Mexico relations">
Hungary–Mexico relations

Hungary–Mexico relations refer to foreign relations between Hungary and Mexico. Relations date back to the short reign of the Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico from 1864 to 1867. Diplomatic relations with Austria–Hungary were established in 1901, but were suspended between 1941 and 1974. They were re-established on May 14, 1974. The Mexican embassy in Budapest was opened on September 30, 1976. Hungary has an embassy in Mexico City and three honorary consulates (in Guadalupe, Guadalajara, and Cancún). Mexico has an embassy in Budapest. Trade between the two countries continues to grow steadily.
History.
Paprika, a key ingredient in Hungarian dishes such as Goulash, originated in Mexico and was perhaps brought to Hungary by way of Turkey in the 17th century.
The Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico, who ruled from 1864 to 1867, was brother of Franz Joseph I, Emperor of Austria and King of Hungary. Maximilian I resided in Chapultepec Castle while in Mexico City; it now serves as a museum that featuring furnishings and artwork from 1860s Austria-Hungary.
Diplomatic relations.
After the First World War, the Austro-Hungarian mission was liquidated. When relations resumed, the first Hungarian representative in Mexico was Count László Széchenyi, also head of the Washington, D.C. legation, who first visited Mexico in 1925. Relations were again suspended during the Second World War, and Mexico did not resume relations with Hungary until May 14, 1974. In May 2009, the two countries celebrated 35 years of continuous relations since that date.
In 1977, Pál Losonczi, Head of the Presidential Council of the People's Republic of Hungary visited Mexico. In April 1990, the Chancellor of Mexico Fernando Solana paid an official visit to Hungary. In October 1991 the State Secretary of the Hungarian Foreign Ministry, Ferenc Somogyi visited Mexico. The Hungarian Minister of Foreign Affairs Géza Jeszenszky visited Mexico in March 1992. In July 1992, President Carlos Salinas de Gortari made the first state visit by a Mexican president to Hungary.
At the start of 1997, the Hungarian State Secretary of Foreign Affairs István Szent-Iványi visited Cuba and Mexico. In April 1997, President Árpád Göncz of Hungary paid a state visit to Mexico, the first since relations had been reestablished, meeting Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo. In November 2001, Prime Minister Viktor Orbán visited Mexico, where he attended a meeting of Leaders of Christian-Democratic Parties. In 2004, Mexican President Vicente Fox visited Hungary to discuss a future economic cooperation agreement that would boost economic and trade relations.
Economic relations.
During the 1960s and 1970s, Hungarian exports to Latin America accounted for over 6% of Hungary's total exports, supplying low-cost but reasonable-quality manufactured goods and medicines. Exports declined greatly from that peak in the 1980s and 1990s. However, from a low of about US$5 million in 1990, trade with Mexico has expanded steadily. In April 1997, President Göncz stressed the future of bilateral trade, which he said had quadrupled over the last two years to US$22.8 million, with Hungarian exports totaling US$6.1 million. Another sources gives 1996 Hungarian exports, mainly machinery, at somewhat below US$7 million, while Mexican imports amounted to US$29 million. In 2004, Gyula Németh, Hungarian ambassador to Mexico, said he expected relations between Mexico and Hungary to grow even stronger after Hungary joined the European Union later that year. He noted that Mexico was already the second-most important Latin American trade partner for Hungary. By 2004, Hungarian exports to Mexico were about US$120 million and imports from Mexico about US$57.3 million.
Cultural and scientific links.
Perhaps the most famous Mexican of Hungarian descent was the painter Frida Kahlo, wife of Diego Rivera. The Hungarian Géza Maróti contributed the bronze sculpture group on top of the dome of the Palacio de Bellas Artes and other works inside this building, completed in 1934. Gunther Gerzso, another Mexican of Hungarian descent, was a painter, designer and director and screenwriter for film and theatre. Jorge Mester, a conductor and violinist was born in Mexico City to parents who had emigrated from Hungary. He has conducted many of the world's leading ensembles, including the Boston Symphony, the Detroit Symphony, and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. George Rosenkranz, born in Hungary in 1916, is a prominent scientist in steroid research who spent most of his life in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20484731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484731" title="Prodigal Son (Sevendust song)">
Prodigal Son (Sevendust song)

Prodigal Son is the first single by the heavy metal band Sevendust from their seventh studio album "" and was written by vocalist Lajon Witherspoon and drummer Morgan Rose. The song premiered on Active and Mainstream Rock radio on February 10, 2008.
Music video.
The song music video was directed by Jason Sciavicco and Tim Walbert for Horizon Entertainment and was edited by Bob Rose and made one month after the song was released. In the video the band performs at a church in front of clergyman and it was the first music video that Clint Lowery appeared on this.
Chart position.
The song reached #19 in Mainstream Rock Charts Billboard 200.
Singles.
"Billboard" (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="20484735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484735" title="Probes in Space">
Probes in Space

Probes in Space is a 1975 American short documentary film produced by George Casey. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20484744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484744" title="Otto Wunderlich">
Otto Wunderlich

Otto Wunderlich (Stuttgart,1886 - Madrid,1975) was a German photographer that worked mainly in Spain. 
He started working for a mineral trading company when he arrived to Spain in 1913. 
He became a professional photographer in 1917, travelling around Spain and selling albums and postals with the title "Paisajes y Monumentos de España" (Landscapes and monuments of Spain). 
His photos were published in magazines like "Blanco y Negro", "La Esfera" and "El Mundo".
In 1927, he established his studio in nº47 of Doctor Esquerdo Street in Madrid where he continued working and publishing in newspapers and magazines until mid 20th century. 
In 1931, he worked for the National patronage of Tourism of Spain. 

</doc>
<doc id="20484750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484750" title="Christine Cicot">
Christine Cicot

Christine Cicot (born 1964) is a French judoka, Olympic medalist and world champion. She received a bronze medal in the heavyweight (+72 kg) division at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. She became world champion in Paris 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20484761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484761" title="Hungary–Spain relations">
Hungary–Spain relations

Hungarian-Spanish relations are foreign relations between Hungary and Spain. Both countries established diplomatic relations on January 13, 1938. Hungary has an embassy in Madrid, a general consulate in Barcelona and 5 honorary consulates (in Gijón, Málaga, Palma de Mallorca, Tenerife, and Valencia). Spain has an embassy in Budapest. 
Both countries are full members of NATO and of the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20484771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484771" title="Nungesser">
Nungesser

Nungesser may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20484791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484791" title="Moshe Romano">
Moshe Romano

Moshe Romano (born 6 May 1946) is a retired Israeli international footballer.
Career.
Club career.
Romano played club football for Shimshon Tel Aviv and Beitar Tel Aviv, and was top scorer in the 1965–66, 1969–1970, 1972–1973 and 1974–75 seasons, scoring a total of 193 goals in the Israeli First Division between 1965 and 1982.
International career.
Romano represented Israel at international level, and competed in the 1968 AFC Asian Cup and 1970 FIFA World Cup. Romano earned a total of 12 caps between 1965 and 1975, scoring 5 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20484798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484798" title="Bowman Cutter">
Bowman Cutter

Bowman Cutter is an economist, political thinker and businessman in the USA.
Government.
Bowman Cutter was an Office of Management and Budget Review Team Leader for the Obama-Biden Transition Committee Agency Review Groups. He served on the National Economic Council as Robert Rubin's Deputy, from 1993 to 1996 and at the Office of Management and Budget from 1976 to 1981.
Business career.
Bowman Cutter has been managing director of Warburg Pincus since 1996. He currently serves as chairman of CARE and chairman of MicroVest, and is a member of the board for the Committee for Economic Development, The Atlantic Council, and Resources for the Future. From 1981 to 1993, he was vice chairman and managing partner at Coopers & Lybrand.

</doc>
<doc id="20484800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484800" title="Anđeo Lovrov Zadranin">
Anđeo Lovrov Zadranin

Anđeo Lovrov Zadranin (active during the fourteenth century) was a Croatian architect.

</doc>
<doc id="20484803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484803" title="Juan Pablo Montes">
Juan Pablo Montes

Juan Pablo Montes Montes (born 26 October 1985 in Sulaco, Yoro, Honduras) is a Honduran football player who currently plays as a defender for C.D. Motagua in the Honduran Liga Nacional
Club career.
Montes started his career at Atlético Olanchano, then had a three year-spell at Victoria. He joined Vida in summer 2011 but was out for the season due to a broken foot. Montes moved on to Necaxa in January 2012 and then Platense, changing clubs every season since leaving Victoria.
He seemed set to join Motagua for the 2013 Clausura championship, but the clubs could not reach an agreement what forced him to stay at Platense.
International career.
Montes made his debut for Honduras in a January 2013 Copa Centroamericana match against El Salvador and has, as of February 2013, earned a total of 4 caps, scoring 1 goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20484804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484804" title="Lebanese Air Force Aviation School">
Lebanese Air Force Aviation School

The Lebanese Air Force Aviation School ( "Madrasat al-Kouwat al-Jawiya") is a military school and part of the Lebanese Air Force, established in 1960. The school aims to qualify air force pilots, and is located at Rayak Air Base; however it is controlled by the air force command in Beirut Air Base. The school currently employs Robinson Raven R44 II helicopters of the Fifteenth Squadron for these training purposes.
Mission.
The school trains the air force pilots according to the needs of the trainees and according to the school's capabilities, taking into consideration the ongoing technological and military advancements. It also helps the army officers, who were transferred from the military academy for this purpose, by technically preparing them to fly jet planes and helicopters and giving them courses in air and ground tactics. The school gives other minor courses including foreign language courses in order to keep a high educational standard between their trainees. Pilots are always trained by the school, in compliance with the missions given forth by the colleges and schools of the Lebanese army.
History.
August 1, 1982 was the date in which the last air force officers were promoted from the school. During the Lebanese Civil War training was stopped, however after 4 years the trainees were sent for training programs abroad. In 1995, and after the army's new UH-1H helicopters supplied by United States, the trainees were transferred back to the school. Training activities resumed in 1997, and officers shifting in major were directed from the ground forces to the air force. Training in the school's original base was halted in that period until November 5, 2001, when 6 new officers were transferred to the air force in addition to 4 observing officers (promoted in 2003). In 2002, 3 officers also joined the school for a 2-years training period.
Prior to using the Robinson Raven R44 II starting 2005, the school used to train ab-initio on the UH-1 Iroquois helicopters; However, the Huey is still used later in the course during the advanced Helicopter Training.
Program.
Simulators.
The Lebanese Air Force is interested in obtaining one UH-1 flight simulator, with training and logistical support. This requires upgrading the facilities of the school also.
Achievements.
In addition to the training courses given to the pilots, a training program was established for a period of 3 months. This program, which has been taken by 3 officers, teaches trainees to fly on newly supplied aircraft that undergo maintenance to test its endurance.

</doc>
<doc id="20484809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484809" title="Kuznetsov trace formula">
Kuznetsov trace formula

In analytic number theory, the Kuznetsov trace formula is an extension of the Petersson trace formula introduced in 
The Kuznetsov or "relative trace" formula connects Kloosterman sums at a deep level with the spectral theory of automorphic forms. Originally this could have been stated as follows. Let 
be a sufficiently "well behaved" function. Then one calls identities of the following type "Kuznetsov trace formula":
The integral transform part is some integral transform of "g" and the spectral part is a sum of Fourier coefficients, taken over spaces of holomorphic and non-holomorphic modular forms twisted with some integral transform of "g". The Kuznetsov trace formula was found by Kuznetsov while studying the growth of weight zero automorphic functions. Using estimates on Kloosterman sums he was able to derive estimates for Fourier coefficients of modular forms in cases where Pierre Deligne's proof of the Weil conjectures was not applicable. 
It was later translated by Jacquet to a representation theoretic framework. Let formula_3 be a reductive group over a number field "F" and formula_4 be a subgroup. While the usual trace formula studies the harmonic analysis on "G", the relative trace formula a tool for studying the harmonic analysis on the symmetric space formula_5. For an overview and numerous applications Cogdell, J.W. and I. Piatetski-Shapiro, "The arithmetic and spectral analysis of Poincaré series", volume 13 of "Perspectives in mathematics". Academic Press Inc., Boston, MA, (1990).

</doc>
<doc id="20484815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484815" title="Petersson trace formula">
Petersson trace formula

In analytic number theory, the Petersson trace formula is a kind of orthogonality relation between coefficients of a holomorphic modular form. It is a specialization of the more general Kuznetsov trace formula.
In its simplest form the Petersson trace formula is as follows. Let formula_1 be an orthonormal basis of formula_2, the space of cusp forms of weight formula_3 on formula_4. Then for any positive integers formula_5 we have
where formula_7 is the Kronecker delta function, formula_8 is the Kloosterman sum and formula_9 is the Bessel function of the first kind.

</doc>
<doc id="20484830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484830" title="Wilson Güity">
Wilson Güity

Wilson Alexis Güity López (born 30 September 1987) is a Honduran football player, who currently plays for Real Sociedad in the Liga Nacional de Honduras.
Club career.
Güity started his career at Victoria and joined Real Sociedad for the 2012 Apertura season.

</doc>
<doc id="20484833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484833" title="Whistling Smith">
Whistling Smith

Whistling Smith is a 1975 Canadian short documentary film about Vancouver policeman Sergeant Bernie "Whistling" Smith, directed by Marrin Canell. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short at the 48th Academy Awards.
"Whistling Smith" was produced for the National Film Board’s "Pacificanada" series, which aired on CBC-TV in early 1975. The film's narration was written and read by Donald Brittain. Along with its Oscar nomination, the film won a Canadian Film Award for Sound Re-Recording.

</doc>
<doc id="20484837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484837" title="Vokopolë Castle">
Vokopolë Castle

Vokopolës Castle () is a castle in Berat, Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20484840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484840" title="Hecla and Griper Bay">
Hecla and Griper Bay

Hecla and Griper Bay is an Arctic waterway. Located in the Hazen Strait, it is a large inlet in the north of Melville Island, Canada. It is split between the Northwest Territories and Nunavut. The bay takes its name from Arctic explorer William Edward Parry's ships "HMS Hecla" and "HMS Griper".
Geography.
Dominant landforms include: Long Point, Middle Point, Nias Point, and Cape Fisher on its western shores; Sabine Bay to the south; Eldridge Bay and the Sabine Peninsula to the east; and Macdougall Point at its northeastern opening.

</doc>
<doc id="20484842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484842" title="1976 Houston Oilers season">
1976 Houston Oilers season

The 1976 Houston Oilers season was the 17th season overall and seventh with the league. The team started the season 4–1 with their only loss coming by a single point to the eventual Super Bowl champion Oakland Raiders. However they would go on to win only one more game finishing the year 5–9 while failing to qualify for the playoffs for the seventh consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="20484860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484860" title="Ekängen">
Ekängen

Ekängen is a locality situated in Linköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 2,037 inhabitants in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20484863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484863" title="American Shoeshine">
American Shoeshine

American Shoeshine is a 1975 American short documentary film directed by Sparky Greene. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20484869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484869" title="Wo Weihan">
Wo Weihan

Wo Weihan (; 1949 – November 28, 2008), a native of Qiqihar, Heilongjiang, was a Chinese scientist and entrepreneur of Daur nationality. He was executed at the age of 58-59 on November 28, 2008, by firing squad, along with missile expert Guo Wanjun, 66, for passing sensitive information to a Taiwanese NGO. Weihan was interrogated for ten months in 2005 and allowed access to a lawyer in 2006. His trial was held in secrecy in 2007.
Charges.
The case against Wo related to alleged passing of sensitive national security information, which China argued justified special handling of the case. 
It was claimed that Wo became a spy for Taiwan intelligence agency with the codename "YANG DONG". He got to know Mr Guo during a wedding ceremony in early 1990s. The Taiwan intelligence agency also invested (USD) $300,000 to help Wo's first wife, to set up a restaurant in Austria.
Mainland Chinese media and portals, including Global Times and Sina, released details of Wo and Guo's spying activities after the execution. In the early nineties, Wo Weihan bought critical information and documents on DF-31, from Guo Wanjun, a missile expert who had participated in the design of DF-31. Mr. Wo and Guo's activities resulted in the leakage of the top secret information of the DF-31, including internal design and structure of the missile, causing significant impact on Chinese national security. They both were accused of spying for Taiwan and US intelligence agencies by selling sensitive information on intercontinental ballistic missiles. Neither Taiwan nor US have made an official statement in this regard. 
According to the verdict released by the High Court of Beijing after the sentencing in March 2008, the charges Wo Weihan was convicted of included: ""...discussing the health of senior Chinese leaders."" In PRC, the health status of senior leaders is declared top secret. Also included in the verdict were convictions of the smuggling of secret information of PLA's night time equipment. Wo was also accused of copying military photos from a magazine, which was public at the time but later declared classified.
Disputes.
The execution took place on the final day of the China-EU Human Rights Dialog in Beijing. The US, for whom Wo spied, and the EU strongly condemned the execution. 
“We are deeply disturbed and dismayed by reports that the Chinese government has carried out the death penalty against Wo Weihan,” Susan Stevenson, a spokeswoman at the US embassy in Beijing said.
She said that Wo’s arrest and trial had fallen short of international standards for due process. “Reportedly Mr Wo did not have access to legal counsel until after the prosecuting officials completed their investigation. His confession was coerced and the charges against him were questionable.” 
Their executions came at a time when China had been presenting itself as a reformed and more humane state, particularly on the eve of China's Olympic debut. The EU and US response to the executions indicate that the executions severely challenged the credibility of the SPC death penalty review reform, which aimed to reduce the number of executions in China (estimated at 7000 per year). The reason that Wo's execution caused dispute between China and EU is because Wo's 2 daughters, who are now Austrian citizens, resorted to Austria and EU to first request a fair and transparent trial for their father, and later pleaded for amnesty as the deficiencies in the prosecution of the case became clear. Diplomatic efforts made behind the curtains had no result for three years. Media coverage and an expanded advocacy campaign which included pleas by Condoleezza Rice, President Heinz Fischer of Austria and the EU Troika were also in vain.
Families of the alleged spies.
Wo Weihan's wife and junior daughter saw Wo Weihan on the morning of November 27. Neither he nor they were given official confirmation that the sentence had been approved and that an execution was pending. The elder daughter of Wo expected to be able to see her father that week after the Chinese Ministry Foreign Affairs promised to the Austrian Embassy in Beijing that a second visit would be allowed for the elder daughter. However, Wo was executed on the morning of November 28, to the surprise of the family and the Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs. This broken promise led to very strained relations between the Austrian and Chinese Ministries of Foreign Affairs. Austria viewed it as an intentional affront. 
According to Qing Gang, the spokesman of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs,"...Wo Weihan is a Chinese citizen... He could not be treated in a different way only because he has some foreign relatives." 
Mr. Guo's family were not allowed to visit Mr. Guo during the years of imprisonment, and only five days after the execution, which they had found out about through Wo's family, did they receive a notice that they could pick up Mr. Guo's ashes.

</doc>
<doc id="20484870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484870" title="15th Test Squadron">
15th Test Squadron

The 15th Test Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the Air Force Materiel Command at Hill Air Force Base, Utah, where it was inactivated.
History.
World War II.
Activated in early 1941 as part of the Southeast Air District, was equipped with a series of pursuit aircraft with a mission of air defense of Florida. After the Pearl Harbor Attack, was assigned to the Caribbean Air Force in Panama where it operated in defense of the Panama Canal. Returned to the United States in early 1943 where it became a P-47 Thunderbolt, later P-51 Mustang replacement training unit (RTU) for III Fighter Command. Inactivated on 1 May 1944 as part of a reorganization of training units. 
Air Defense.
Reactivated in 1953 as part of Air Defense Command as an air defense squadron, initially equipped with F-86A Sabre day fighters, initially being assigned to Davis-Monthan AFB, Arizona with a mission for the air defense of the Southwest United States. Re-equipped in 1954 with F-86D Sabre Interceptors. In 1957 began re-equipping with the North American F-86L Sabre, an improved version of the F-86D which incorporated the Semi Automatic Ground Environment, or SAGE computer-controlled direction system for intercepts. The service of the F-86L destined to be quite brief, since by the time the last F-86L conversion was delivered, the type was already being phased out in favor of supersonic interceptors.
In 1960 received the new McDonnell F-101B Voodoo supersonic interceptor, and the F-101F operational and conversion trainer. The two-seat trainer version was equipped with dual controls, but carried the same armament as the F-101B and were fully combat-capable. On 22 October 1962, before President Kennedy told the nation that missiles were in place in Cuba, the squadron dispersed a portion of its force, equipped with nuclear tipped missiles to Williams Air Force Base at the start of the Cuban Missile Crisis. These planes returned to Davis-Monthan after the crisis.
In the early 1960s, the Air Force was implementing Project Clearwater, an initiative to withdraw Convair F-102 Delta Daggers from overseas bases in order to reduce "gold flow" (negative foreign currency transactions). By 1963, part of this plan called for the 16th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron at Naha Air Base to move to Davis-Monthan, permitting the 15th's F-101s to be distributed to other ADC squadrons. Because there would be a gap between the transfer of the 15th's F-101s and the arrival of the 16th's F-102s, eight F-102s from Perrin Air Force Base would maintain alert at Davis-Monthan. As another cost saving move, planning called for the 16th to be inactivated upon arrival at Davis-Monthan and the 15th to assume its aircraft. However, the Gulf of Tonkin Incident intervened and the 16th was kept in the Pacific to maintain an air defense capability there. Headquarters, USAF directed ADC to simply inactivate the 15th with no replacement. The squadron degraded to a marginally combat ready status by October 1964 and was inactivated in December.
Test.
The 2872d Test Squadron was activated at Hill Air Force Base, Utah to perfom flight tests on General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcons that had undergone major overhaul or modification. In 1992 the squadron was consolidated with the 15th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron as the 15th Test Squadron.
Lineage.
15th Test Squadron
2872d Test Squadron

</doc>
<doc id="20484871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484871" title="SERE">
SERE

SERE may refer to two related military training programs:

</doc>
<doc id="20484880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484880" title="List of Mauryan rulers">
List of Mauryan rulers

The Maurya dynasty ruled over a geographically extensive empire in India from 321 to 185 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="20484887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484887" title="Marie Levens">
Marie Levens

Maria Elizabeth (Marie) Levens is a politician who held the post of Foreign Minister of Suriname for 5 years (2000–2005) 
In that capacity she has led several missions to negotiate on peace, development, bilateral and multilateral cooperation and trade all over the world. She graduated in Educational Sciences in the Netherlands after receiving a teaching degree in her own country. 
After having worked for 30 years all together at all levels of Education from primary school through high school to University, she became a member of the board of the University of Suriname and contributed to the establishment of the school of Educational Sciences. The Institute of Quality Assurance at the University was her initiative; she became the first director of that institute and contributed a great deal to the national and regional Caribbean movement on the establishment of legislation and mechanisms on accreditation. Her experience as the director of the Scholarship Program in Suriname, which includes negotiations with universities in Latin America, the Caribbean and Europe proves to be quite useful in her current responsibility as the Director of the Department of Human Development of the OAS. This Department is responsible for capacity building in the member states through an Academic and Professional Development Scholarship Program; a Student Loan Program and the Educational Portal of the Americas, an instrument to offer distance education throughout the Americas. 
As a consultant in Education she was involved in depth sector analyses and worked for several International Organizations, among them the Inter American Development Bank. 
Her chairmanship of the Forum for Non Governmental Organizations in Suriname resulted from her 35 years of voluntary work in Europe, Suriname and the Caribbean.

</doc>
<doc id="20484889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484889" title="2001 Open Gaz de France – Singles">
2001 Open Gaz de France – Singles

Nathalie Tauziat was the defending champion but lost in the semifinals to Amélie Mauresmo.
Mauresmo won in the final 7–6 (7–2), 6–1 against Anke Huber.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. The top four seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20484892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484892" title="Matilda Sturridge">
Matilda Sturridge

Matilda Sturridge is an English actress born in London in May 1988. She is the younger sister of actor Tom Sturridge, and the only daughter of film director Charles Sturridge and actress Phoebe Nicholls. She trained at RADA.
Sturridge appeared in Agatha Christie's Poirot (in the adaptation of the novel "Third Girl") and in "Midsomer Murders", both in 2009. She appeared in one episode in the second season on "The Borgias (2011 TV series)", and recently portrayed Daisy Buchanan in the world premiere of the West End musical production of "The Great Gatsby".

</doc>
<doc id="20484894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484894" title="Henry Bermúdez">
Henry Bermúdez

Henry Eliézer Bermúdez Solano (born 1 May 1987 in Santa Rosa de Aguán, Colón, Honduras) is a Honduran footballer who play for Olimpia in the Honduran Premier League.
Mainly a central defender, he can also play as a right back.
Career.
Victoria.
He made his professional debut in the 2008-2009 Apertura championship. On 7 September 2008, Bermúdez scored his first goal in the Liga Nacional de Honduras for the "Jaibas Bravas" in a 1-1 draw against Real España.
Olimpia.
Bermúdez joined Olimpia in summer 2009 and made his competitive official debut for them in the Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Honduras against Platense as a substitute in 79th minute in 19 July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20484910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484910" title="Geoffrey Brown">
Geoffrey Brown

Geoffrey Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20484930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484930" title="Edgar Marín">
Edgar Marín

Club career.
Between 1967 and 1969, Marín played for Deportivo Saprissa, as well as in the NASL for the Oakland Clippers and Kansas City Spurs. He also played for PEC Zwolle in the Netherlands.
Marín won 12 Primera División de Costa Rica titles with Deportivo Saprissa during the 1960s and 1970s. He won six consecutive titles from 1972 to 1977.
International career.
Marín also represented Costa Rica at the international level.

</doc>
<doc id="20484931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484931" title="Blackwood (film)">
Blackwood (film)

Blackwood is a 1976 Canadian short documentary film about Newfoundland artist David Blackwood, directed by Tony Ianzelo and Andy Thomson. Narration is provided by Gordon Pinsent. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20484934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484934" title="Dušan Kosič">
Dušan Kosič

Club career.
Kosič is the second most capped player in the Slovenian PrvaLiga with 422 appearances and had the most appearances for the dissolved Olimpija (235).
International career.
Kosič made five appearances for the senior Slovenia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20484937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484937" title="Grace Hospital (Winnipeg)">
Grace Hospital (Winnipeg)

Grace Hospital is a regional hospital in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The 245-bed community hospital is located on the west side of Winnipeg. 
The hospital was founded on Ross Avenue in 1890 by the Salvation Army, as a rescue home for women and children. It was incorporated in 1904 as "The Salvation Army Grace General Hospital", and was the first Salvation Army hospital to be incorporated in Canada. The hospital was not truly a general hospital until 1927, when it was expanded from a maternity hospital.
The hospital was located on Ross Avenue until 1906 when a new building was erected at Preston Avenue and Arlington Street. The Arlington street location would be expanded and upgraded many times. The Arlington Street location was eventually replaced by a building in the St James area, for which construction began in 1964. The St James location officially opened in 1967.
The hospital was run by the Salvation Army until 2008, when ownership was transferred to the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority.
Deanna Durbin, a Hollywood actress of the 1930s and 1940s, was born at Grace Hospital on December 4, 1921 as Edna Mae Durbin. She moved from Winnipeg to California, USA in 1923.
External links.
Grace Hospital

</doc>
<doc id="20484940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484940" title="Arboretum du Cranou">
Arboretum du Cranou

The Arboretum du Cranou (14 hectares) is an arboretum located within the "Forêt du Cranou" (600 hectares) in Saint-Eloy, Finistère, Brittany, France. It is open daily without charge.
The arboretum was created in 1970 by the "Office national des forêts" (ONF) and the "Institut national de recherche agronomique" (INRA) for reforestation studies. As such, it contained experimental plantings of a limited number of species, each represented by many subjects, including 51 species of hardwoods and conifers such as Sitka spruce, larch, and cryptomeria. The arboretum was refreshed in 2006 to add 45 species (100 specimens), with an additional 90 species (250 specimens) planted in 2007, and a plan of reaching 150 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20484947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484947" title="Horacio Erpen">
Horacio Erpen

Horacio Nicolás Erpen Bariffo (born 29 August 1981 in Concepción del Uruguay) is an Argentine association footballer who plays for the Italian club Pro Vercelli.
On 11 July 2011 he mutually terminated the contract
After the experience in Juve Stabia on 7 January 2013 he passed to Pro Vercelli

</doc>
<doc id="20484970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484970" title="Jeff Little">
Jeff Little

Donald Jeffrey Little is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Little pitched in parts of two seasons: for the St. Louis Cardinals and for the Minnesota Twins. He pitched in a total of 40 games, including 2 starts.

</doc>
<doc id="20484976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484976" title="United States Senate election in South Dakota, 1980">
United States Senate election in South Dakota, 1980

The 1980 United States Senate election in South Dakota was held on November 2, 1980. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator George McGovern ran for re-election to a fourth term, but was defeated by Republican James Abdnor.
General election.
Campaign.
McGovern was one of several liberal Democratic U.S. senators targeted for defeat in 1980 by the National Conservative Political Action Committee (NCPAC), which put out a year's worth of negative portrayals of McGovern. They and other pro-life groups especially focused on McGovern's support for pro-choice abortion laws. McGovern faced a Democratic primary challenge for the first time, from a pro-life candidate. 
Abdnor, a four-term incumbent congressman who held identical positions to McGovern on farm issues, was solidly conservative on national issues, and was well liked within the state. Abdnor's campaign focused on both McGovern's liberal voting record and what it said was McGovern's lack of involvement in South Dakotan affairs. McGovern made an issue of NCPAC's outside involvement, and that group eventually withdrew from the campaign after Abdnor denounced a letter they had sent out. Far behind in the polls earlier, McGovern outspent Abdnor 2-to-1, hammered away at Abdnor's refusal to debate him (drawing attention to a slight speech defect Abdnor had), and, showing the comeback pattern of some of his past races in the state, closed the gap for a while. 
However, in the general election McGovern was solidly defeated, getting only 39 percent of the vote to Abdnor's 58 percent. McGovern became one of many Democratic casualties of that year's Republican sweep, which became known as the "Reagan Revolution".

</doc>
<doc id="20484977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484977" title="Pedro Fernández Velásquez">
Pedro Fernández Velásquez

Pedro Fernández Velásquez (born 30 November 1982) is a Honduran footballer.
Club career.
He has played for Motagua, Victoria and Vida in the Liga Nacional de Honduras.

</doc>
<doc id="20484983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484983" title="SAMO">
SAMO

SAMO is a graffiti tag used on the streets of New York City from 1977 to early 1980. It accompanied short phrases, in turns poetic and sarcastic, mainly painted on the streets of downtown Manhattan. The tag, written with a copyright symbol as "SAMO©", and pronounced Same-Oh has been primarily associated with the artist Jean-Michel Basquiat, but was developed mainly as a collaboration between Basquiat and Al Diaz, with help from a few friends. Diaz had previously been part of the New York graffiti scene,(he knew the first writer of sayings, FLINT...For Those Who Dare when they both attended the High School Of Art and Design) using the tag “Bomb I”. Later Basquiat took on the tag himself, creating some non-graffiti work on paper and canvas using that tag, just before and after killing off the SAMO graffiti by painting “SAMO© IS DEAD” around the streets of downtown in early 1980.
Basquiat claims the name was first developed in a stoned conversation with high school friend Al Diaz, calling the marijuana they smoked “the same old shit,” then shortening the phrase to "Same Old", then "SAMO". The character of SAMO was first developed by Basquiat, Diaz, and Shannon Dawson while they were fellow students at City As School high school. Basquiat took the lead in creating a character called SAMO, selling a false religion, in comics made in high school. The concept was further developed in a theatre-as-therapy course in Upper Manhattan (called “Family Life”) that was used by the trio as part of the City As School program. "Jean started elaborating on the idea and I began putting my thoughts into it," remembered Diaz. Basquiat, Diaz, Shannon Dawson and Matt Kelly worked on a comic style endorsement of the false religion, photocopied as a pamphlet “Based on an original concept by Jean Basquiat and Al Diaz.”
The City As School 1977-8 Yearbook includes a photo of the SAMO graffiti: SAMO@ AS AN ALTERNATIVE TO PLASTIC FOOD STANDS… 
“It started…as a private joke and then grew” Diaz and Basquiat would later tell "The Village Voice" in an interview. They took the joke out of the school, giving out small stickers with SAMO aphorisms or the SAMO pamphlet on paper on the subway, and writing down the phrases with marker pens as graffiti, often with an ironic copyright symbol attached. In 1977, while they were still students, Basquiat and Diaz started to put up the first SAMO© Graffiti in Manhattan. 
Henry Flynt claims that Shannon Dawson (later of the band Konk) played a major part in the trio of writers in the first wave SAMO graffiti writers, but most accounts, including those of Basquiat, claim the writing was done by the duo of Basquiat and Diaz. When asked about other people, Basquiat said “No, No, it was me and Al Diaz.” Basquiat remembers writing the tag with marker on the subway on the way back from Manhattan to Brooklyn, where he lived as a high school student, but unlike most of the graffiti taggers of the time, SAMO was primarily written on walls, not subway trains. 
Al Diaz graduated from City As School in 1978, and Basquiat dropped out of school and left his father’s home in Brooklyn to spend time homeless and living with friends in Manhattan in June of that year. From that point the SAMO graffiti took off in Lower Manhattan. SoHo, parts of East Village, and the area immediately around the School of Visual Arts were prime targets for the Graffiti.
The "SoHo News" noticed the graffiti, and published a few pictures of the idiomatic phrases with a query about who had done them. 
According to Henry Flynt, who photographed much of the graffiti, "The collective graffiti employed anonymity to seem corporate and engulfing. The tone was utterly different from the morose and abject tone of Basquiat's solo work. The implication was that SAMO© was a drug that could solve all problems. SOHO, the art world, and Yuppies were satirized with Olympian wit.". 
Diaz had been a young and early member of the New York graffiti scene of the 1970s, and his tag “Bomb I” was included in Norman Mailer’s famous book The "Faith of Graffiti" in 1974.
By late 1978 the two were using spray paint to quickly get up larger phrases. “We would take turns coming up with the sayings” said Al Diaz. Many of these retained the same ideas as the comic strip SAMO of high school:
But they also used it to make critical comments towards the art scene in SoHo and college students comfortably studying in art schools: 
Some of the comments seemed to look critically at consumer society as a whole:
One biographer noted that "while some of the phrases might seem political, none of them were simple propaganda slogans. Some were outright surrealist, or looked like fragments of poetry." 
People began to notice the graffiti appearing on walls all over downtown, recognizing the strange phrases, but no one knew who did them. Basquiat and Diaz claimed they could sometimes do thirty on a busy day. Sometimes the SAMO© graffiti would refer to its own spread, as in a large, mural sized, multiple choice graffiti: 
Art critic Jeffrey Deitch called it “disjointed street poetry” and remembered that “Back in the late seventies, you couldn’t go anywhere interesting in Lower Manhattan without noticing that someone named SAMO had been there first.”
Later Basquiat would look back on this as just “Teenage stuff. We’d just drink Ballantine Ale all the time and write stuff and throw bottles…just teenage stuff” he told an interviews asking about SAMO.
“Samo was sophomoric. Same old shit.” he explained to Anthony Haden-Guest. “It was supposed to be a logo, like Pepsi.”.
However, Diaz recognized the original intelligence in this work. “The stuff you see on the subways now is inane. Scribbled. SAMO was like a refresher course because there’s some kind of statement being made. It’s not just ego graffiti.”
In 1979, Henry Flynt began taking photos of the SAMO graffiti, not knowing who had done them. After first exhibiting the photos he got to know Al Diaz, and Shannon Dawson who helped him uncover who did which tag. He has published many of the SAMO graffiti photos on the internet.
By 1979 Basquiat had started to do graffiti on his own. Keith Haring had been following the SAMO graffiti and finally met Basquiat in 1979. He never mentioned Al Diaz. Haring remembers: “I still hadn’t met Jean- Michael—I had only heard of him. Well, one day a kid came up to me just as I was going into SVA, and he asked if I could walk him through, past the security guard. He wanted to get inside the school. I said “sure” and we walked through. I disappeared into a class. When I came out an hour later, I noticed there were all these fresh SAMO poems and tags in places they hadn’t been an hour ago. I put two and two together and realized that the person I had walked through was Basquiat.” 
“Later that day, I ran into him again and I asked him if the tags at SVA were his, and he said yes” and the two became friends. Basquiat then started hanging around with Haring and other SVA students Kenny Scharf and John Sex. Scharf said that in 1979 he would go out on forays doing wall drawings with Basquiat. “I would do Jetson and Flintstone heads and have them speaking in some foreign tongue” while Basquiat did his SAMO thing. Keith Haring would also join Basquiat in outdoor tagging.
Whereas Diaz always wanted his graffiti to remain anonymous, Basquiat craved the publicity. 
Although Basquiat was to say there was “no ambition” in the work at all, it is striking to see the places the SAMO graffiti were targeted: around the SoHo galleries, and even up at the School of Visual Arts. Glenn O’Brien notes that “Ninety percent of SAMO graffiti was executed in the heart of the art neighborhood. He kind of stuck to SoHo… So that it was sort of advertising for himself.” 
Towards the end of Basquiat’s life Becky Johnson asked him “Did you know that you were going to stop doing stuff on walls and start painting on canvas?” He answered “No. I was more interested in attacking the gallery circuit at that time, I didn’t think about making paintings, I just thought about making fun of the ones that were in there.” While this was true of Basquiat and Diaz in the early SAMO graffiti, soon Basquiat was trying to cash in on his graffiti fame and make the transition to the gallery world. Looking at his friends from SVA, Haring, Scharff and Basquiat would all make the transition from graffiti to gallery about the same time, but only Basquiat completely changed his style in order to do it. 
In early 1980, Diaz and Basquiat had a falling out. Soon Basquiat was writing “SAMO IS DEAD” all over the streets of downtown. Some of the old phrases were still up at the time and written over with the news. As Jean was to put it later: “I wrote SAMO IS DEAD all over the place. And I started painting”
After noticing the “SAMO© IS DEAD” phrases, Keith Haring held a mock wake for SAMO at his Club 57. 
However, there is not such a clean break between the collective SAMO© and the solo Basquiat. Around 1980 Basquiat began to take over the SAMO name, before killing it off. In the early 1980s Basquiat was often a guest on Glenn O’Brien’s underground cable TV talk show “TV Party,” where he was introduced as the person behind SAMO. Some of Basquiat’s early drawings, and paintings on canvas (79-80) were signed SAMO. His first one-person gallery show ( May 23 – June 20, 1981 in Modena, Italy) was even billed as an exhibition of paintings by “SAMO.” His early 1981 painting on canvas “Cadillac Moon” has the inscription in the lower left "SAMO©" crossed out, and the names "AARON" (for Henry Aaron), and "JEAN-MICHEL BASQUIAT" written in instead. Many of Basquiat’s paintings and drawings of 1980-81 include phrases originally used in the SAMO collaboration, along with others (like MILK©) in the same style. Such phrases cropped up occasionally for the rest of his career. 
As well known and omnipresent as the graffiti were, they gradually disappeared from the street, either being painted over as common vandalism, or carefully taken down for resale when Basquiat’s art began to command high prices. In addition to Henry Flynt, Peter Moore, Martha Cooper, and Glenn O’Brien, are responsible for the few photos we have to document the original SAMO graffiti (the "The SoHo News" photos have been lost to history). Flynt, an artist and musician loosely connected to Fluxus and Neo-Dada art movements, photographed much of the graffiti, starting in 1979 without knowing who the graffitists were. When Flynt first exhibited his portfolio he got to know Diaz and Dawson who helped him confirm the authorship of every graffito. He has published many of these photos on the web. For the movie "New York Beat" (later released as "Downtown 81") Basquiat was persuaded to walk through the streets of the Lower East Side recreating for the camera much of his earlier graffiti. These include "PAY FOR SOUP / BUILD A FORT / SET THAT ON FIRE" and 
These "Downtown 81" images are the most common illustrations of Jean-Michel Basquiat's graffiti, but were not signed "SAMO" and differ in style from the real SAMO graffiti. 
The SAMO graffiti is still being cited by contemporary street artists.

</doc>
<doc id="20484986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484986" title="Ailleurs land">
Ailleurs land

Ailleurs land is a 2003 album recorded by French singer Florent Pagny. It was his tenth album oversall and was released on April 8, 2003. It achieved huge success in France and Belgium (Wallonia), where it remained charted respectively for 75 and 34 weeks, including several weeks atop. The album was also successful in Switzerland. It was led by the single "Ma Liberté de penser", a number-one hit in both countries, and followed by "Je trace", which had a minor success (#26 in France, #34 in Belgium, #65 in Switzerland). French singers Calogero, Pascal Obispo, Alain Lanty, Canadian singer Daniel Lavoie and actress Sandrine Kiberlain participated in the writing or the composing of the album.
Track listing.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20484987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20484987" title="Cardiff Bay Retail Park">
Cardiff Bay Retail Park

The Cardiff Bay Retail Park in Grangetown, Cardiff was once the site of the Ferry Road Landfill Site. It was built in around 1997. It is currently home to businesses which include Asda and British Home Stores, Boots Group and Argos. There have been many turnovers in businesses, yet new phases are still being added.
Units.
Phase One.
Maples was a homeware store that closed in around 2000. Over the years, the unit has been split into 3 smaller units.
Furnitureland and Powerhouse both closed their units in 2007. BHS then refurbished both to create one large unit.
JJB closed their unit here once they moved to the Capital Retail Park in Leckwith, which also included a gym.
Phase Three (Dunleavy Drive).
Development Website
The new Dunleavy Drive section of the Cardiff Bay Retail Park was built in 2008.
Additional Stores.
Other stores in the retail park and surrounding area include Aldi and IKEA.
Adjoining the retail park is the Cardiff International Sports Village which has shops including Morrisons and Toys R Us

</doc>
<doc id="20485014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485014" title="1976 Miami Dolphins season">
1976 Miami Dolphins season

The 1976 Miami Dolphins season was the team's 11th as a member of the National Football League. The Dolphins failed to improve on their previous season's output of 10–4, winning only six games. One of these wins came over their new in-state rivals, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers – who proceeded to lose all 14 games that year. The 6–8 finish marked the first losing record of head coach Don Shula's career.

</doc>
<doc id="20485027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485027" title="Badhrë Castle">
Badhrë Castle

Badhrës Castle (Albanian:"Kalaja e Badhrës") is a castle in Fterra, Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20485041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485041" title="Arthur Paget (diplomat)">
Arthur Paget (diplomat)

Sir Arthur Paget GCB, PC (15 January 1771 – 26 July 1840) was a British diplomat and politician.
Family and early life.
Arthur Paget was the third son of Henry Paget, 1st Earl of Uxbridge and his wife Jane Champagné daughter of Arthur Champagné, Dean of Clonmacnoise in Ireland. He was a younger brother of Henry Paget, 1st Marquess of Anglesey. He was educated at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford, but did not take a degree.
Diplomatic career.
In 1791, he entered the British diplomatic service. In 1794, he was elected as Member of Parliament for Anglesey. He nominally represented this for 13 years, though usually abroad. In 1794, he was sent as Envoy-extraordinary to Berlin to remind King Frederick William II of his obligations, a service in which Lord Malmesbury the ambassador commended him for his tact. 
His next appointment was as Envoy Extraordinary to the Elector Palatine and the Perpetual Diet at Regensburg in 1798, followed by Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary first at Naples in 1800 and then at Vienna the following year. He remained at Vienna until 1806, being nicknamed "The Emperor" on account of his extravagance. 
A dispatch in 1802, following Napoleon's creation of the Confederation of the Rhine predicted the hegemony of Prussia within Germany. He was materially responsible for the creation of the Third Coalition, and reported its collapse following the Battle of Austerlitz (December 2, 1805), a dispatch that is said to have hastened the death of William Pitt the Younger (23 January 1806). 
After his recall from Austria, he was sent to the Ottoman Porte in 1807, where he told the Sultan of a secret clause in the Treaty of Tilsit adverse to his interests. However, he was unable to detach the Ottoman Empire from its French Alliance. He was recalled in 1809 and awarded a pension of £2000.
Retirement.
Paget had been made a Privy Councillor and Knight of the Bath, both in 1804, and was given a GCB in 1815. In 1808, be eloped with Lady Augusta Fane, then the wife of Lord Boringdon, and married her the following year, as soon as her divorce took place. They had several children, including Sir Augustus Berkeley Paget, who followed his father as a diplomat. He occupied time in his retirement as an agriculturalist and yachtsman.

</doc>
<doc id="20485044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485044" title="Bashtovë Castle">
Bashtovë Castle

Bashtovë Castle (Albanian:"Kalaja e Bashtovës") is a castle situated in the locality of "Vilë-Bashtovë", an administrative part of Gosë Commune, Kavajë District, Albania. It is geographically situated near the right banks of Shkumbin River, about 6 km upstream from its outflow into the Adriatic Sea. 
History.
Historian Gjerak Karaiskaj has dated the building during the 15th century, as constructed by the Republic of Venice, however historian Alain Ducellier has asserted that the Venetians have built over an existing former castle, which dates back to the 6th century, when the area was under the Byzantine Empire, during the Justinian dynasty.
In the past, the Vilë-Bashtovë region was known as a trade harbor and as a centre for the export of grains. The castle has a rectangular shape, 60 x 90 metres. The western part of the castle was rebuilt in the 18th century. Its walls are 9 metres high.

</doc>
<doc id="20485045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485045" title="The End of the Road (1976 film)">
The End of the Road (1976 film)

The End of the Road is a 1976 British short documentary film directed by John Armstrong. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20485059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485059" title="Jens Arup Seip">
Jens Arup Seip

Jens Lauritz Arup Seip (11 October 1905 – 5 September 1992) was a Norwegian historian originally trained as a medieval historian, but stood out as the strongest of his time in interpreting Norwegian political history in the 1800s, particularly known for having created the term "embedsmannsstaten". He was a professor at the University of Oslo from 1952 to 1975, he specialized in political history and the history of ideas. He was married to fellow historian Anne-Lise Seip. Seip's use of the Norwegian language and his writing style which numerous historians have described as brilliant, and often tried emulating. Seip was included among the 16 authors of " The Norwegian literary canon" from 1900 to 1960 and 2nd among 20 authors in a ranking of nonfiction writers conducted by Dagbladet in 2008. Seip received an honorary doctorate at the University of Bergen from 1975.
Personal life.
Jens Arup Seip was born in Bolsøy, near Molde. He was a descendent of military officer and politician Andreas Martin Seip (1790–1850). Andreas' grandson Jens Laurits Arup Seip, brother of politician Karl Seip, was the father of academic Didrik Arup Seip and politician Hans Kristian Seip, the latter being the father of Jens Arup Seip. Jens Arup Seip was also a first cousin of the forester and state secretary Hans Kristian Seip, and a second cousin of politician Helge Seip and physician Martin Fredrik Seip, who were grandnephews of Jens' grandfather Jens Laurits.
Jens Arup Seip was married to teacher and painter Rachel Lehre Seip (1931–1960) and had three children, Hans Christian, Morten and Knut, then to historian Anne-Lise Seip, whom he met while she was a student at the University of Oslo. The couple lived at Høvik in Bærum, and had two children, Ingebjørg and Åsmund, both of whom are academics. He died in September 1992 in Bærum.
Career.
He graduated as cand.philol. in 1931. He worked as a research fellow at the University of Oslo from 1936, under the tutorship of Edvard Bull, and became known for the journal article "Problemer og metode i norsk middelalderforskning" in 1940. He then worked for the National Archival Services of Norway from 1941. The same year his uncle Didrik Arup Seip was removed by the Nazi occupants from his position as rector. Jens Arup Seip completed his thesis "Sættargjerden i Tunsberg og kirkens jurisdiksjon" in 1942, but did not receive the dr.philos. degree until 1945. He worked as a lecturer in history from 1946, and was also a consultant at the Norwegian Nobel Institute from 1946 to 1958. From 1955 to 1966 he chaired the Norwegian Historical Association.
In 1952 he was promoted to the position of professor. In addition, he drifted from his former specialty in medieval history to political history and the history of ideas. Among his most important publications were "Fra embedsmannsstat til ettpartistat" (1963) and "Utsikt over Norges historie" in two volumes (1974 and 1981). He retired from the position as professor in 1975, incidentally the same year that his wife was appointed to the Institute of History. Many of his terms have entered the Norwegian historio-political lexicon.

</doc>
<doc id="20485060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485060" title="Berat Castle">
Berat Castle

Berat Castle () is a fortress overlooking the town of Berat, Albania. It dates mainly from the 13th century and contains many Byzantine churches in the area and Ottoman mosques. It is built on a rocky hill on the left bank of the river Osum and is accessible only from the south.
History.
After being burned down by the Romans in 200 B.C., the walls were strengthened in the fifth century under Byzantine Emperor Theodosius II, and were rebuilt during the 6th century under the Emperor Justinian I and again in the 13th century under the Despot of Epirus, Michael I Komnenos Doukas, cousin of the Byzantine Emperor. The main entrance, on the north side, is defended by a fortified courtyard and there are three smaller entrances.
The fortress of Berat in its present state, even though considerably damaged, remains a magnificent sight. The surface that it encompasses made it possible to house a considerable portion of the cities inhabitants. The buildings inside the fortress were built during the 13th century and because of their characteristic architecture are preserved as cultural monuments. The population of the fortress was Christian, and it had about 20 churches (most built during the 13th century) and only one mosque, for the use of the Turkish garrison (of which there survives only a few ruins and the base of the minaret). The churches of the fortress were damaged through years and only some have remained.
Berat Castle is depicted on the reverse of the Albanian 10 lekë coin, issued in 1996 and 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20485075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485075" title="Weatherall Bay">
Weatherall Bay

Weatherall Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located in the Byam Martin Channel, northeast of Melville Island. Domett Point is at its mouth.

</doc>
<doc id="20485083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485083" title="Myxotrichaceae">
Myxotrichaceae

Myxotrichaceae is a family of fungi. Recent phylogenetic analysis suggests that the family's traditional classification in the order Onygenales is incorrect, and that it should be placed with the Leotiomycetes class.

</doc>
<doc id="20485085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485085" title="Borsh Castle">
Borsh Castle

Borsh Castle (Albanian:"Kalaja e Borshit") also known as Sopotit is a ruined castle near the village Borsh, Albania.
This castle is also known as the Castle of Sopot by the name of the hill on which it is located. 
History.
It was built on the fourth century BC. The castle was heavily damaged during the barbarian invasions of the fifth and sixth centuries AD, and it was rebuilt in the Middle Ages at which time it took its present name.

</doc>
<doc id="20485099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485099" title="Universe (1976 film)">
Universe (1976 film)

Universe is a 1976 American short documentary film directed by Lester Novros. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20485102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485102" title="John Allyn">
John Allyn

John Allyn (born May 17, 1917 in Chicago, Illinois - died April 29, 1979 in Winnetka, Illinois) was the co-owner of the Chicago White Sox of the American League with his brother Arthur Allyn, Jr. from through , and sole principal owner from through . In addition, John Allyn served as president of the Chicago Mustangs soccer team which he co-owned with his brother, Arthur. In 1975, Allyn sold the club back to the person he and his brother had purchased it from in 1961, Bill Veeck.

</doc>
<doc id="20485105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485105" title="History of the Jews in Bombay">
History of the Jews in Bombay

History of the Jews in Bombay, India, began when Jews started settling in Bombay during the 18th century, due to its economic opportunities. The Jewish community of Bombay consisted of the remnants of three distinct communities: the Bene Israeli Jews of Konkan, the Baghdadi Jews of Iraq, and the Cochin Jews of Malabar. 
Bombay is home to the majority of India's rapidly dwindling Jewish population. At its peak, in the late 1940s, the Jewish population of Bombay reached nearly 30,000.
Arrival in Bombay.
The first Baghdadi Jew, Joseph Semah, moved to Bombay from Surat in 1730 and the first member of the Bene Israel community to move from the Konkan villages south of Bombay to the city arrived in 1749. In 1796 Samuel Divekar established "The Gate of Mercy" synagogue.
Present population.
Less than 4,000 Jews live in Mumbai, formerly known as Bombay, and there are 
eight synagogues in the city. Today, the majority of Mumbai's Jews reside in Israel.
Activities.
The American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee runs a Jewish Community Center and has 500 members with classes on Hebrew and Judaism, holiday parties, youth discos and clubs for children and seniors. Also, there is an "ORT" (Organization for educational Resources and Technological training), an international Jewish organization with the mandate of helping impoverished Jews and which sells kosher wine, challah, chicken and baked goods.
Also, started in 2004 is the Hazon Eli Foundation for Jewish Life in India, based in Thane (a suburb of Mumbai where many younger Jewish families are moving to), to teach Torah, Hebrew and Jewish law to the suburban population. A Sunday school is run there for children under 13, which attracts about 25 students weekly.
In Mumbai, there is also the Jewish founded "Sir Jacob Sassoon High School" and "Sir Elly Kadoorie High School". Today there are only a handful of Jewish students left, but they once had Hebrew and Torah classes.
Terrorist attacks on Mumbai.
Until the terrorist attacks on Mumbai of November 2008, the Mumbai Chabad House Jewish outreach center was at Nariman House, Hormusji Street. In the attack, six Jews were held hostage and murdered at the center, the 29-year-old Rabbi Gavriel Holtzberg, his 28-year-old wife, Rivka, Rabbi Aryeh Leibish Teitelbaum (37), Bentzion Chroman (28), Yocheved Orpaz (62) and Norma Shvarzblat-Rabinovich (50). The parents of Rivka Holtzberg have announced their intention to continue Chabad's emissary work in Mumbai, although the Chabad House may move to a new location in the city.
Communal relations.
Mumbai Jews' ties with their city's Muslim community have historically been strong and remain so even after the Mumbai attacks. The two groups have been drawn together as minorities in a Hindu-dominated land – even by the similarities of their non-vegetarian diets of Kosher and Halal foods. "For these reasons, most Bene synagogues in Mumbai are in Muslim areas," Jonathan Solomon, chairman of the Indian Jewish Federation, said. Mumbai's Muslim Council had ordered that the nine gunmen killed should not be buried in the city, a gesture which was highly appreciated by the Mumbai Jewish community.

</doc>
<doc id="20485109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485109" title="Aanivaer">
Aanivaer

Aanivaer is a Tamil independent film directed by Indian Tamil film director John Mahendran released in the western Tamil diasporal regions on September 23, 2006.
Plot.
Dr. Nanda (Nandha) works at a small make-shift hospital that serves as the only option for the wounded and the dying from the war. He refuses to leave his motherland for greener pastures and sets out to serve his people. Journalist Sandhya (Madhumitha) comes from India for a cover story on the ethnic strife. But the witnessing of every possible cruelty inflicted on the people is too much to take. Having personally experienced the pitiful plight of the Tamils in Sri Lanka, she goes back to South India with a heavy heart. The love lorn journalist from South India returns to Vanni for the second time with a view to meeting the Doctor cum social worker whom she had met and loved on her first visit. Her initial enquiries to find out the whereabouts of the Doctor friend prove difficult. But she continues.
Production.
The film was shot in Sri Lanka with a story and screenplay revolving around a love story amid the then ongoing Civil War in Sri Lanka. Distributed by an independent distribution company, Thamizh Thiraikkann, the film opened to positive reviews among the Sri Lankan Tamil population in Canada, the United Kingdom, and Australia. The film also released in India the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="20485121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485121" title="Drisht Castle">
Drisht Castle

Drisht Castle () is a ruined castle above the modern Albanian village of Drisht, medieval Drivastum, in the municipality Postribë, Shkodër District, Albania.
The earliest traces of fortifications date to the late Neolithic era. In the 9th century, it was part of the defences of the Zeta principality.
Part of castle was built in the 13th century during the Byzantine rule. The current walls and towers date to 1396-1478 during the Venetian era. In the 14th century the castle became independent of Shkodra. In 1442 the castle was taken from Serbian Despot Đurađ Branković by the Venetian forces. It finally fell to the Ottomans during the massive siege of Shkodra in 1478.
There are the remains of 11 houses inside the castle walls.

</doc>
<doc id="20485147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485147" title="My Mighty Princess">
My Mighty Princess

My Mighty Princess () is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Kwak Jae-yong.
Plot.
Kang So-hwi, a beautiful martial arts prodigy, is about to embark on a journey into adulthood. But her journey is like no other. Her super-human strength and martial arts prowess scares away her fellow undergrads and even the boy she has fallen for. Devastated, So-hwi decides to give up martial arts and takes a different path. Her father, a martial artist himself, is afraid of losing an heiress to the family’s martial artistry, and missions So-hwi’s old buddy Ilyoung to persuade her to stay in the field.
One day she succeeds in joining the ice hockey club her crush Jun-mo plays at in order to stay near to him. She tries to get his attention but fails. She follows him to his bike and then sits behind him while he's riding. She eventually reaches a police station where he says he has some business. She finds him go to a lady officer probably of his mother's age and he tells her that he loves her. He had feelings for that lady older than him. This shatters So hwi's feelings but she doesn't lose hope. Jun-mo steps out following the lady in her police van while So=hwi returns home.
Her father explains her that she is no good at martial arts and she should practice more. So hwi does not accept this and says she wants to lead a normal life.Her father and his two other friends are summoned by their Guru, the Mengzhu. He tells him that the young generation has to take part in the next martial arts competition. So hwi's father and his friend regret that their kids are not interested into martial arts. Iloung, So hwi's childhood friend is crazy about bikes. One day he reaches to meet So hwi at her school.
Ilyoung who loves her from their childhood follows her wherever she goes and try to persuade her to go on training of martial arts. But, Kang So-hwi who wants to lead a life of normal woman with actual feelings of getting married and having children, ignores him.
Meanwhile, the guy with whom she had great crush gets into middle of some street fight. But Kang So-hwi and Ilyoung save him and others from the mob using their super powers. After the fight, Ilyoung and Kang So-hwi go out for drink. There, So-hwi tells him the dream she is getting frequently. On hearing that, Ilyoung goes on thinking that the dream is not actually a dream. Those incidents were happened in their life previously.
Kang So-hwi and Ilyoung were training in the martial arts school. Both of them excel in all kinds of techniques. They grew as unbeatable by anyone.Ilyoung grew more powerful that he can be beaten only by Kang So-hwi.On that time the villain Heuk-bong gets hold of the glorious sword named, Green destiny which can do the moon stroke. Both Kang So-hwi and Ilyoung went to Heuk-bong to get that sword but finally the villain hits Kang So-hwi with a poisonous stroke. Ilyoung admits her in the hospital. There she gets recovered but all of her childhood memories were lost.
Then, in present life, the boy starts to go out with So-hwi .But the relationship doesn’t work well.
Meanwhile,So-hwi’s father and his friends ask for a fight with the villain Heuk-bong.And finally in the day of fight, So-hwi’s father gets shocked on seeing Heuk-bong.It was Ilyoung.Without any further fight Ilyoung injures him with the mighty sword called Green destiny with a stroke called moon-stroke. Later on he himself admits So-hwi’s father in a nearby hospital and informs So-hwi.
So-hwi who meets her father in the hospital get informed by her father’s friends about her mother’s story .On hearing that and also to revenge for her father’s condition, So-hwi decides to have training on her mother’s sword to create a lightning stroke. On her attempt, she wins.
On the same time, Ilyoung is thinking about So-hwi and goes to the past that how she got recovered from poisonous stroke. On knowing that Heuk-bong can only cure So-hwi,he goes to him and asks for the anti-dote for the poison. But Heuk-bong says that he must become his disciple and hypnotizes Ilyoung. Ilyoung accepts and get the antidote and cures So-hwi. When he return to Heuk-bong,he starts to possess him with his ill powers. Ilyoung was to take the place of Heuk-bong, and whenever Heuk-bong was summoned, Ilyoung would go in his place. Heuk-bong died without setting Ilyoung free,that’s why he injured So-hwi’s father.
Now, So-hwi after successfully completed her training on lightning stroke, goes to fight with Heuk-bong.There she also gets shocked on seeing Ilyoung in place of Heuk-bong.But,through telepathy, Ilyoung conveys all the things happened to him. On seeing Ilyoung, So-hwi just defends herself but won’t fight back. Ilyoung asks her to fight back as he wants to get out of that hypnotism. And also he said, she only can beat him. Both fought each other vigorously. At the end when ilyoung intends to use moon stroke with the green destiny sword, So-hwi uses lightning stroke which weakens ilyoung. But seeing Ilyoung suffer, So-hwi refuses to attack him further.But, Ilyoung pleading her to attack him, attacks her .She fell down. Ilyoung gets hold of her neck and tries to kill her.But,So-hwi asks him to concentrate. This confuses Ilyoung and in pain, he sheds tears. That tears on falling upon the sword burst and that sound relieves ilyoung from the hypnotism. Then both hug each other and then everything went well.
Release.
"My Mighty Princess" was released in South Korea on 26 June 2008, after a delay of more than two years. On its opening weekend it was ranked eighth at the box office with 14,988 admissions; as of 6 July it had received a total of 27,309 admissions, with a gross of $162,256.

</doc>
<doc id="20485153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485153" title="Gjirokastër Castle">
Gjirokastër Castle

Gjirokastër Castle (Albanian:"Kalaja e Gjirokastrës") is a castle in Gjirokastër, Albania (historically known as Argyrokastro, a name then applied also to the castle).
The castle dominates the town and overlooks the strategically important route along the river valley. It is open to visitors and contains a military museum featuring captured artillery and memorabilia of the Communist resistance against German occupation, as well as a captured United States Air Force plane to commemorate the Communist regime's struggle against the "imperialist" western powers.
The citadel has existed in various forms since before the 12th century. Extensive renovations and a westward addition was added by Ali Pasha of Tepelene after 1812. The government of King Zog expanded the castle prison in 1932.
Today it possesses five towers and houses, the new Gjirokaster Museum, a clock tower, a church, a cistern, the stage of the National Folk Festival, and many other points of interest.
The castle's prison was used extensively by Zog's government and housed political prisoners during the Communist regime.

</doc>
<doc id="20485156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485156" title="Marqués de Santa María del Villar">
Marqués de Santa María del Villar

Diego Quiroga y Losada, "Marqués de Santa María del Villar", (Marquess of Santa María del Villar), was born in Madrid in 1880 and died in San Sebastián in 1976. He took pictures of many places of Spain, its landscapes, monuments and people.
Biography.
He started his work in the early 20th century and ended in the 1960s. Because he belonged to the nobility, he was closed to Alfonso XIII, king of Spain. He took pictures of the daily work of the king and he also took photos when the king was doing some sport (hunting). He was asked to be the president of the National Patronage of Tourism, but he did not accept this post. However, his photos represented the same image of Spain as the kind of images encouraged by the National Patronage. His pictures were published in magazines and newspapers like "Blanco y Negro", "Vértice" and "Trenes".
Before the Spanish Civil War (1936), he had more than 120,000 photographs, but many of them were destroyed during this war. 
His photographic style was pictorialism, but lately he changed to documental and ethnographic photography in order to show the way Spain looked like after the war. Most of his collection is in the "Archivo Real y General de Navarra" in Pamplona, which held several exhibitions of his work. 
He was also founder of photographic societies in Madrid and Guipúzcoa.

</doc>
<doc id="20485158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485158" title="Musa Simelane">
Musa Simelane

Musa Simelane (born 2 February 1974) is a Swazi boxer. Representing Swaziland at the 2000 Summer Olympics, Simelane was defeated in his first round bout against Argentine Israel Héctor Perez.

</doc>
<doc id="20485160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485160" title="Yukimasa Nakamura">
Yukimasa Nakamura

He is from Fukuoka, Fukuoka. After graduation from Tokai University, He belonged to Asahi Kasei.
He received a silver medal in the half lightweight (65 kg) division at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. He is world champion from 1993, and received a silver medal at the 1995 World Judo Championships. 
As of 2008, He coaches judo at Asahi Kasei with his brothers. Among their pupil are world champion Hiroshi Izumi, Masato Uchishiba and so on.

</doc>
<doc id="20485162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485162" title="Orlando Lourenco">
Orlando Lourenco

Orlando Lourenco (born 15 September 1964 in Gwelo) is a former tennis player from Zimbabwe.
Lourenco represented his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where he was defeated in the first round by France's Guy Forget. The Zimbabwean reached his highest singles ATP-ranking on 5 November 1990, when he became World Number 853.
Lourenco participated in eight Davis Cup ties for Zimbabwe from 1983-1990, posting a 9-4 record in singles and a 1-2 record in doubles.
He now teaches tennis at the Champions Club in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="20485169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485169" title="War's inefficiency puzzle">
War's inefficiency puzzle

War's inefficiency puzzle is a research question asking why unitary-actor states would choose to fight wars when doing so is costly. James Fearon’s "Rationalist Explanations for War" and Robert Powell's "In the Shadow of Power", which launched rational choice theory in international relations, provide three possible answers: overly optimistic beliefs, commitment problems, and issue indivisibility.
The puzzle.
Fearon has three basic assumptions about war. First, war is a more costly choice than peace. Second, war is predictably unpredictable. In other words, although neither side may be sure exactly who will win, they can agree on the relatively likelihood each will win. And third, there are no direct benefits from fighting.
Thus, using John von Neumann and Oskar Morgenstern expected utility functions, Fearon finds the expected utility for war for states A and B, which are PA - CA and (1 - PA) - CB, where PA is A's probability of winning a war, CA is A's costs for war (proportional to how much they value the utility), and CB is B's costs for war (proportional to how much they value the utility). With simplification, if X is A's share of a peaceful settlement, Fearon finds that peace is better than war when PA - CA < X A + CB. A satisfactory X does not exist only if PA + CB A - CA, or CA + CB < 0. But CA, CB > 0 by definition. Hence, this is a contradiction.
The question is why two rational states cannot find an X that satisfies both sides, even though one must always exist and war is the "worst" payoff for both sides.
Information problems.
One obvious reason is that each state simply believes it is more powerful than it really is. For example, two states that each believe they are infinitely powerful would have a difficult time bargaining with each other. War, then, can erupt with incomplete information regarding the distribution of power.
But Fearon points out that this is not a completely rational explanation for war. Recall that war is the worst payoff for both sides. Consequently, states actually have incentive to reveal how powerful they are to the other side, as to avert the costs of war. The problem with such information transmission is that states actually have incentive to overrepresent how powerful they are. Generally speaking, a state that is extremely powerful will receive a better settlement than an extremely weak one. Thus, a state has incentive to look powerful to try to coerce a good peaceful settlement even if it comes at the risk of falling into war. This prevents the states from credibly revealing how powerful they are to each other.
Commitment problems.
Fearon also finds that both states can prefer fighting with complete information when under situations with shifting power. There are two versions of this. First, when there are sufficiently great advantages for striking first, then neither side can credibly commit to any distribution of the stakes. (The cult of the offensive, an explanation for World War I, roughly makes this argument.) Second, if one side is slowly getting more powerful as a function of time, then the declining power may receive a better distribution of the stakes by fighting a preventive war now rather than having to accept a peaceful settlement later. (The rising power still has incentive to negotiate when it reaches its peak power because war is costly.)
Issue indivisibility.
Finally, each may gain from war when the stakes are not infinitely divisible. (For example, control over a holy city.) War will occur when both states' expected utilities are positive. However, Fearon largely discredits issue indivisibility as a rationalist explanation for war, claiming that states can link other issues or make side payments to eliminate the inefficiency. Additionally, the vast majority political goods (territory, money, control of a government) are divisible with sufficient creativity.

</doc>
<doc id="20485180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485180" title="Byam Martin Channel">
Byam Martin Channel

The Byam Martin Channel () is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. It separates Mackenzie King Island and Melville Island (to the west) from Lougheed Island, Cameron Island, Île Vanier, Massey Island and Île Marc (to the east). To the south it opens into Byam Channel and Austin Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20485185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485185" title="Kaninë Castle">
Kaninë Castle

Kaninë Castle () is a castle in the village Kaninë near Vlorë, in southwestern Albania.
History.
This castle was built in the village with the same name which is about 6 km from Vlorë. The castle rises on the side of the Shushica Mountain, about 380 meters above the sea level. The castle was built on the site of an ancient settlement, one of the oldest in the Vlora region. The castle is believed to have been erected in the 3rd century B.C. In the 4th century B.C. the castle was transformed into a fortress town. In the 6th century A.D. the castle was reconstructed by Justinian I. The castle was the center of the Principality of Valona in the 14th century.
The settlement covers an area of 3,625 hectares.

</doc>
<doc id="20485204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485204" title="Lezhë Castle">
Lezhë Castle

Lezhë Castle (Albanian:"Kalaja e Lezhës") is a castle dominating the city of Lezhë, northern Albania. Its highest point is 186 metres high.
The castle originates from Illyrian times. In 1440 it was reconstructed by the Venetians, and in 1522, after the Ottoman conquest, it was also rebuilt by the latter. The castle bears traces of Illyrian, Roman, Byzantine and Ottoman architecture. Interesting places to visit are the ruins of the Ottoman buildings inside the castle, the mosque, the tower of the south-eastern wall with a Roman arch, and the Illyrian tower on the southern wall. The Lezha castle is a cultural monument. The castle offers a beautiful view of the Lezha fields and the Adriatic Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20485208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485208" title="Mary Ann (song)">
Mary Ann (song)

"Mary Ann" was the British entry in the "Eurovision Song Contest 1979", performed in English by Black Lace.
The song is about a man who is estranged from his girlfriend Mary Ann after her friend caught him with another woman, and is desperate to be reconciled with her.
The song was performed 17th on the night, following Norway's Anita Skorgan with "Oliver" and preceding Austria's Christina Simon with "Heute in Jerusalem". Despite taking the lead after Denmark had awarded the song 10 points, at the close of voting, it had received 73 points, placing it seventh in a field of 19. Norway also awarded the song 10 points, the highest marks received. 
The single reached No.42 in the UK charts, the lowest placing for a Eurovision entrant in many years, although Black Lace went on to greater chart success in the 1980s.
It was succeeded as British representative at the 1980 Contest by Prima Donna with "Love Enough for Two".
How it happened.
After seeing a promotional video the band had made for agents in a bid to get more work around the country, songwriter Peter Morris approached Black Lace with a view to recording his song "Mary Ann". He wanted the group to sound like chart-topping band Smokie.
As the song required a ‘throaty’ vocal line, it was decided that Alan would take the lead vocal. This was a controversial decision at the time: Alan had not sung lead before and Steve, the band's lead singer, felt that his position within the band was being threatened.
The band travelled to London to record a demo of the song which was sent to EMI Records. The record company liked it, and within a few weeks the band returned to London and signed a recording contract. It took just two days at the Berwick Street studios in Soho to record their first official single "Mary Ann".
However, there was a problem: Smokie’s publishers, RAK Music, insisted that "Mary Ann" was a rip-off of Smokie’s song "Oh Carol" and threatened to take legal action. The song's publishing company, ATV Music, insisted that any similarity was purely coincidental, and since they showed that the notation of the two songs were different the case was dropped.
However, it was no secret in the Black Lace camp that everything possible was done to sound like Smokie, from the lead vocal to the harmonies, the guitars and even the bass line. "It was an intentional rip-off," said the band's Colin Routh.

</doc>
<doc id="20485223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485223" title="Libohovë Castle">
Libohovë Castle

File:KalajaLibohova.jpg
Libohovë Castle (Albanian:"Kalaja e Libohovës") is a castle in Libohovë, southern Albania. It was built between 1796 and 1798.

</doc>
<doc id="20485225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485225" title="Rice Owls men's basketball">
Rice Owls men's basketball

The Rice Owls men's basketball program is the intercollegiate men's basketball program of Rice University. The program is classified in the NCAA's Division I, and the team competes in Conference USA. They previously participated in the Southwest Conference (1914-1996) and the Western Athletic Conference (1996-2005).
The Owls play their home games in Tudor Fieldhouse, which they have called home since 1950. Previously known as Rice Gymnasium, it was renamed in honor of Rice alum Bobby Tudor, who spearheaded the 2008 renovation of the facility with a multi-million dollar donation. The court is designated "Autry Court" in memory of Mrs. James L. Autry. Her husband James Lockhart Autry was a descendant of Micajah Autry, who was a hero of the Battle of the Alamo. Her daughter, Mrs. Edward W. Kelley, made a generous donation to the gymnasium building fund in honor of her late mother, an ardent supporter of Rice.
History.
NCAA Tournament results.
The Owls have appeared in four NCAA Tournaments. Their combined record is 2–5.
NIT results.
The Owls have appeared in five National Invitation Tournaments. Their combined record is 1–6.
CIT results.
The Owls have appeared in one CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament. Their record is 2–1.
Players of note.
Retired jerseys.
Rice University has retired six jerseys.

</doc>
<doc id="20485251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485251" title="Lëkurësi Castle">
Lëkurësi Castle

Lëkurësi Castle (Albanian:"Kalaja e Lëkurësit") is a ruined castle in Lëkurës, southern Albania. The castle is located on a strategic hill point overlooking the town of Saranda, southeast of the town centre. From here one can control the whole town as well as the islands of Ksamil.
History.
The castle of Lëkurës was built in 1537 by Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent who had attacked Corfu and needed to control the harbor of Saranda and the road that connected it with Butrint.
The castle used to withhold the old Lëkurës village. It has a square shape with two round towers on its north-western and south-eastern corners. To climb up to the castle, visitors need to leave the main road on Qafë Gjashtë and go up the town hill from the other side of the town.
On the ruins of the old castle, tourists can enjoy a meal in the local restaurant which is build in the style and with similar materials to the castle.

</doc>
<doc id="20485252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485252" title="W. Ian Lipkin">
W. Ian Lipkin

Lipkin was born in Chicago, Illinois where he attended the University of Chicago Laboratory School. He was President of the Student Board in 1969. He received his BA from Sarah Lawrence College in 1974. He earned his MD from Rush Medical College, in 1978. He was a clinical clerk at the Institute for Neurology, Queen Square, in London, UK (1978–1979). He had a brief stint with the Indian Health Service in Tishomingo, Oklahoma in 1978. He then trained at University of Pittsburgh as an Intern in Medicine from 1978-79. He went on to complete a Residency in Medicine at University of Washington (1979–81), and a Residency in Neurology at University of California, San Francisco, (1981–1984). He conducted postdoctoral research in microbiology and neuroscience at The Scripps Research Institute from 1984-90. He was President of the Scripps' Society of Fellows in 1987.
Career.
A physician-scientist, Lipkin is internationally recognized for his work with West Nile virus and SARS, as well as advancing pathogen discovery techniques by developing a staged strategy using techniques pioneered in his lab. These molecular biological methods, including MassTag-PCR, the GreeneChip diagnostic, and High Throughput Sequencing, are a major step towards identifying and studying new viral pathogens that emerge locally throughout the globe. A major node in a global network of investigators working to address the challenges of pathogen surveillance and discovery, Dr. Lipkin has trained over 30 internationally based scientists in these state-of-the art diagnostic techniques.
Lipkin is the Director of the Northeast Biodefense Center, the Regional Center of Excellence in Biodefense and Emerging Infectious Diseases comprising 28 private and public academic and public health institutions in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. Within this consortium, his research focuses pathogen discovery, using unexplained hemorrhagic fever, febrile illness, encephalitis, and meningoencephalitis as targets. He is the Principal Investigator of the Autism Birth Cohort, a unique international program that investigates the epidemiology and basis of neurodevelopmental disorders through analyses of a prospective birth cohort of 100,000 children and their parents. The ABC is examining gene-environment-timing interactions, biomarkers and the trajectory of normal development and disease. Lipkin also directs the World Health Organization Collaborating Centre for Diagnostics in Zoonotic and Emerging Infectious Diseases, the only academic center, and one of two in the US (the other is CDC), that participates in outbreak investigation for the WHO.
In 1989, Lipkin was the first to identify a microbe (Bornavirus) using purely molecular tools. Lipkin was employed by University of California from 1990-2001. He began as Assistant Professor in the departments of Neurology, Anatomy and Neurobiology, and Microbiology and Molecular Genetics. He advanced to full professor in under six years and was named as the first Louise Turner Arnold Chair of Neuroscience before moving to Columbia University.
In 1999, Lipkin led the team that identified the West Nile virus in brains of encephalitis victims in New York State. In April 2003, he sequenced a portion of the SARS virus directly from lung tissue, established a sensitive assay for infection, and hand carried 10,000 test kits to Beijing at the height of the outbreak. As the first foreign consultant to gain the confidence of the Ministry of Science and Technology and the Chinese Academy of Science he was named Special Advisor to China for Research and International Cooperation in the Fight Against SARS and was instrumental in promoting disclosure and outside collaborations in infectious disease research and public health management. His position recognizes this extraordinary service, wherein Lipkin and his colleague Thomas Briese, traveling to Beijing at the height of the SARS outbreak at the request of the Chinese government, hand-carried 10,000 test kits to be used for identification and containment of infected individuals, and coordinated the national research efforts with Chen Zhou, the current Minister of Health of China. Lipkin also serves on the boards of the Guangzhou Institute for Biomedicine and Health, the Institut Pasteur de Shanghai, and is Honorary Director of the Beijing Infectious Disease Center. He became ill shortly after returning to the US and was quarantined.
Lipkin is co-chair of Steering Committee of the National Biosurveillance Advisory Subcommittee (NBAS). The NBAS was established in response to Homeland Security Presidential Directive 21 (HSPD-21), "Public Health and Medical Preparedness."
He is Honorary Director of the Beijing Infectious Disease Center, Chair of the Scientific Advisory Board of the Institut Pasteur de Shanghai and serves on boards of the Australian Biosecurity Cooperative Research Centre for Emerging Infectious Disease, the Guangzhou Institute for Biomedicine and Health, the EcoHealth Alliance, Tetragenetics, and 454 Life Sciences Corporation.
Lipkin served as a science consultant for the film "Contagion". The film has been praised for its scientific accuracy.
Honors.
Throughout his career, Lipkin has been recognized for his service and ingenuity. He was awarded a NARSAD Young Investigator Award by National Alliance for Research in Schizophrenia and Depression. Lipkin's work has since been recognized with the following honors: NIH Clinical Investigator Development Award; Pew Scholar in the Biomedical Sciences; Japanese Human Science Foundation Visiting Professor; Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons Visiting Bruenn Professor; University of California (UC) Irvine Louise Turner Arnold Chair in the Neurosciences; American Society of Microbiology Foundation Lecturer; UC Irvine Distinguished Lecturer; Ellison Medical Foundation Senior Scholar in Global Infectious Disease; Millennium Commencement Speaker, Sarah Lawrence College; Dalldorf Research Physician NY State Department of Health; Fellow of the NY Academy of Sciences; Distinguished Lecturer of the National Center for Infectious Diseases, Centers for Disease Control; Honorary and Founding Director, Beijing Center for Infectious Diseases; Fellow, American Society for Microbiology; Columbia University Jerome L. and Dawn Greene Professor of Epidemiology; Columbia University John Snow Professor of Epidemiology; Scientific American, Top 25 Science Stories of 2007. He was the Founding Chair, Scientific Advisory Board, Cure Autism Now (merged with Autism Speaks, 2007); Featured Investigator, NIAID Discovery News, 2008 A Microbe Hunter to the World; Distinguished Lecturer, Pennsylvania State University; Distinguished Lecturer, University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey; Distinguished Lecturer, Pennsylvania State University; Distinguished Speaker, Walter Reed Army Institute of Research; Kinyoun Lecturer, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Bethesda, MD; Distinguished Lecturer, Center for Autism Research, Philadelphia, PA; The Courage Fund Visiting Professorship, Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine, National University of Singapore; Fellow, Wildlife Conservation Society, 2009; Fellow, American Association for the Advancement of Science; Member, Association of American Physicians.

</doc>
<doc id="20485259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485259" title="Khasi–Khmuic languages">
Khasi–Khmuic languages

The Khasi–Khmuic languages are a primary branch of the Austroasiatic language family of Southeast Asia in the classification of Diffloth (2005).
Languages.
The only proper classification of Austroasiatic in recent years is that of Diffloth (2005), which breaks up his 1974 conception of Mon–Khmer, resulting in Khasi–Khmuic and Nuclear Mon–Khmer (see). The Khasi–Khmuic languages are as follows:
However, Sidwell (2009, 2011) notes that Khmuic and Pakanic (or at least Mangic) appear to be independent branches, and that the only valid connection is Khasi–Palaungic.
The extent of the recently described Pakanic branch is contested, with some including the Mangic languages and others placing those in Palaungic.

</doc>
<doc id="20485263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485263" title="Harry Schaeffer">
Harry Schaeffer

Harry Edward "Lefty" Schaeffer (born June 23, 1924 - July 12, 2008) was a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Schaeffer played in five games, having a 0-1 record with a 5.29 ERA. He played in , with the New York Yankees. 
He attended the East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20485276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485276" title="Philippine Rabbit">
Philippine Rabbit

Philippine Rabbit Bus Lines, Inc. (PRBL) is considered one of the pioneering bus companies in the Philippines. It was founded in 1946.
The company's area of coverage extends from Metro Manila to northern provinces of Pampanga, Bataan, Zambales Tarlac, Pangasinan, La Union, Benguet, Ilocos Sur, Ilocos Norte, and Abra. Its main terminal in Metro Manila is in Avenida Sta. Cruz, Manila.
Etymology.
According to Bong Barrameda (through Inquirer Trivia), and to urban legend, the name Philippine Rabbit was coined by accident, when the first of its buses were mistakenly painted Philippine Rabbit instead of the intended Philippine Rapid.
However, Mr. Ricardo L. Paras, the company's general manager, explains that the Company was named "Philippine Rabbit" in reference to the actual animal because of its speed and agility, not to mention how fast they pro-create. Secondly, the first acquisition of buses by the company then showed that the main body feature of the bus was shaped like the Rabbit. The Company was known then as "PHILIPPINE RABBIT BUS COMPANY" in 1948 until it was incorporated in August 1958 as the "PHILIPPINE RABBIT BUS LINES, INCORPORATED" or simply PRBL.
History.
Owned and operated by the clans of Paras and Nisce, natives of Tarlac City, Philippine Rabbit operates to and from the Metro Manila and northern provinces along strategic routes.
They started with front-engined International Harvester buses to run the Manila-Ilocos route, taking over the franchise formerly owned by Halili Transit; with its northernmost terminal in Bangui, Ilocos Norte. They went on to the familiar rear-engined Isuzu buses with red livery with a yellowish-brown stripe with blue trim, illuminated destination indicator and illuminated company logo on the bus' front, bus numbers prominently displayed on strategic areas (including the roof), the words PHILIPPINE RABBIT on the side edges of the roof, and route codes on its bumpers—the iconic hallmarks of a Philippine Rabbit bus. Some of the units then featured panoramic windows and are painted white with red stripe in the middle and red lettering (dubbed as the "White Rabbits," which served as tourist buses for Rabbitours) -- an upgrade of their earlier buses. Their rivet-studded bodies, built exclusively for the company by BuPar Motors (also owned by the owners of Philippine Rabbit), were maintained to exact specifications by their skilled mechanics. In 1963 they also once operated Manila Motor Works-bodied Hino luxury buses with red-and-yellowish-brown livery and panoramic windows as their "First Class" buses; as well as operating Fuso units with aluminum bodies built by BLTBCo's bodybuilding department.
During the early 90's, the company supplanted their fleet with the latest-model white air conditioned UD Nissan Diesel, Hino and Mitsubishi Fuso buses, which, at the time, were the most modern in the country. The company then has employed a new livery for its recently acquired bus units, but colors from the old red buses were still used in these buses.
The company was on its darkest times in the late 90's and the first part of the following decade. Its workforce led a strike, which resulted to temporary suspension of the company's operations.
In order to regain losses after the strike, the company had to sell many of its assets, including bus units, franchises, and real properties. Its area of coverage was narrowed, since the company had to give up in favor of other players some of its routes.
Philippine Rabbit may have managed to survive from its crises, but is presently in its efforts to recover and regain its former status in the past. It continues to strive to be at par with leading bus companies in terms of number of buses and providing quality and reliable transport service to its patrons.
Fleet.
Philippine Rabbit is one of the bus companies who popularized the Philippine Euro Bus, which was a joint project of the defunct Nissan Diesel Philippines Corp. and VDL Jonckheere. Some of these buses are still running nowadays.
As of today, Philippine Rabbit is utilizing buses powered by engines built by Nissan, Hino, Isuzu, Hyundai, KIA and Daewoo.
Buses in their fleet are mostly built by Del Monte Motors Corporation, while a number are from Santarosa Philippines and Pilipinas Hino. Aside from these, the company has recently acquired imported surplus units from Korea, which comprise of Hyundai, Daewoo, and Kia buses.

</doc>
<doc id="20485282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485282" title="Margëlliç Castle">
Margëlliç Castle

Margëlliç Castle () is a castle in the village of Margëlliç near Patos, western Albania. It is a castle that dates from the 7th century AD, and is found on top of a hill. The castle was part of the defense system of the ancient Illyrian city of Byllis, that belonged to the Illyrian Bylliones tribe. The castle has also been the scene of a World War II battle between nazi Germany and the Albanian resistance.

</doc>
<doc id="20485295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485295" title="Peqin Castle">
Peqin Castle

The Peqin Castle () is a castle in Peqin, Albania. In the past the city was known by the name of Claudiana, an Illyrian-inhabited territory. The foundations of the castle are thought to date from the Roman period, the time of the construction of the Via Egnatia. Its walls at one point had a height of around . The castle was later rebuilt and expanded during the Turkish occupation of Albania, at which time it was passed into the control of the Sipahi (lord) of the local fief, who added a palace and a harem. The last resident of the castle was Demir Pasha.
The 17th-century historian Evliya Çelebi mentioned the fortress in his writings: 
...the walls of this castle reach about 12 m in height. Within resides the "dizdar", along with 70 soldiers. There are five cannons in the castle, and ten small houses roofed with tiles. There is also a small mosque with no minaret. On the left side of the castle, connected to a wall, is a prayer chapel ("namazgja")...
The castle was equipped with subterranean tunnels which served as exits several km away from the city in difficult times. Similarly, clay pipes have been found in the walls of the castle, which archaeologists believe is an indication that water was supplied from outside the castle during wartime.

</doc>
<doc id="20485303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485303" title="Maritime &amp; Seafood Industry Museum">
Maritime &amp; Seafood Industry Museum

The Maritime & Seafood Industry Museum (MSIM) was established in 1986 to preserve and interpret the maritime history and heritage of Biloxi and the Mississippi Gulf Coast. It accomplishes this mission through an array of exhibits on shrimping, oystering, recreational fishing, wetlands, managing marine resources, charter boats, marine blacksmithing, wooden boat building, net-making, catboats/Biloxi skiff, shrimp peeling machine and numerous historic photographs and objects. The Wade Guice Hurricane Museum within the museum, featuring of exhibit space and a state of the art theatre. The Museum has brought life to local maritime history and heritage by replicating two 65' two masted Biloxi Schooners
In August 2005, the Museum was destroyed by Hurricane Katrina. The Executive Director, Board of Directors and City of Biloxi are working diligently to rebuild the museum.
Programs.
The Maritime & Seafood Industry Museum currently sponsors two programs annually, The Sea and Sail Adventure Camp and the Billy Creel Memorial Wooden Boat Show.
In the Sea and Sail Adventure Camp, children aged 8–13 are given experience of the history and heritage of the Mississippi Gulf Coast through sailing trips, fishing, maritime crafts, and seafood industry field trips.
The Billy Creel Memorial Wooden Boat Show presents the historic, antique, classic and contemporary wooden boats at the largest gathering of watercraft on the Mississippi Gulf Coast.
Schooners.
The Maritime & Seafood Industry Museum has recaptured a piece of history in their two famous schooner, the "Glenn L. Swetman" and the "Mike Sekul". For a truly unique way of enjoying the Mississippi Gulf Coast. on board an authentic replica of a Biloxi oyster schooner. These "White Winged Queens" once sailed the Coast from the late 1800s to the early 1900s; however the introduction of marine engines and the changes in oyster harvesting laws caused these beautiful crafts to disappear.
Schooner Pier Complex.
Completed in June 2006, the Schooner Pier Complex provides a home for the two Biloxi Schooner replicas, "Glenn L. Swetman" and "Mike Sekul". The pier has three pavilions, storage area for schooner parts, handicapped accessible rest room facilities and a second story observation deck. It also has a marine pump out station and an area for a future gift shop and office area for schooner business.
Rebuilding efforts.
Plans are being made to rebuild the Maritime & Seafood Industry Museum on the former site of the Tullis-Toledano Manor site, across the street from the Schooner Pier Complex.

</doc>
<doc id="20485310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485310" title="Arafat Chekrouni">
Arafat Chekrouni

Arafat Chekrouni (born 7 October 1966) is a former tennis player from Morocco.
Chekrouni represented his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where he was defeated in the second round by Italy's Paolo Canè. The Moroccan reached his highest singles ATP-ranking on 27 October 1986, when he became World Number 369.
Chekrouni participated in eleven Davis Cup ties for Morocco from 1984–1992, posting a 7-8 record in singles and a 2-5 record in doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="20485314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485314" title="J.J. McClain High School">
J.J. McClain High School

J. J. McClain High School is a school in Lexington, Mississippi, United States. It is operated by the Holmes County School District.

</doc>
<doc id="20485316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485316" title="Hyatt Regency Dallas">
Hyatt Regency Dallas

The Hyatt Regency Dallas is a 345 ft (105 m) 30-story, 1,120-room hotel at the Reunion district in Dallas, Texas. It was featured in the opening credits of the television series "Dallas" for the show's entire run, from 1978 until 1991. The building is connected to Union Station and Reunion Tower, the city's landmark observation tower. The Y-shaped building has an atrium on the south side. A low rise ballroom with was added in 1998. The Hyatt Regency Dallas recently completed a $50-million renovation that features a newly re-designed and re-configured guestrooms, bathrooms and corridors. This hotel is an iconic building in the Dallas Skyline.

</doc>
<doc id="20485323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485323" title="The Best of The Dooleys">
The Best of The Dooleys

The Best of The Dooleys is the second UK album by pop group The Dooleys. It was their first compilation album and included their five top 30 singles up to this point. It became their biggest-selling album, peaking at No.6 in the UK.
Background.
By mid 1979, The Dooleys had scored six hit singles in the UK. The latest single, "Wanted" was the biggest hit of their career and so GTO Records released a compilation containing all the singles so far. The album proved to be a success - the biggest of the group's career, peaking at No.6 in the album charts. The album contained eight tracks from their previous album and four new songs - two of which were single releases. One of the new tracks, "Stand Up Like a Man" had originally been performed by The Shadows in the heats to the Eurovision Song Contest 1975.
Singles included on the album are; "Hands Across the Sea" (a re-recording), "Think I'm Gonna Fall in Love With You", "Love of My life", "Don't Take It Lyin' Down", "A Rose Has to Die", "Honey I'm Lost" and "Wanted". This was the first album by the group to feature youngest sister Helen Dooley who had joined the line-up early in the year, making the group an octet.
In October 2005, a compilation CD of the group was released, containing nine of this album's 12 tracks. Since then all the tracks have been released on CD on re-issues of their original albums.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="20485328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485328" title="Petrelë Castle">
Petrelë Castle

Petrelë Castle () is a castle in Petrelë, central Albania. Its history dates back to Justinian I.
The castle of Petrelë has a rich history, containing a tower which was built in the 6th century AD.
It is one of the tourist locations close to Tirana that attracts a great number of visitors. The Castle, the prominent wooden structure is a restaurant, is perched on a rocky hill, above the village with the same name. It has a triangular shape with two observation towers. Although it was first built in ancient times, the present building dates back to the 15th century.
The Petrela Castle was part of the signaling and defense system of the Kruja Castle. The castles signaled to each other by means of fires. During Skanderbeg’s fight against the Ottomans, the Petrela Castle used to be under the command of Mamica Kastrioti, Skanderbeg's sister. Today there is a restaurant inside the castle. The castle offers spectacular views of the Erzen valley, the hills, olive groves, and surrounding mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="20485329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485329" title="Gojko Berkuljan">
Gojko Berkuljan

Gojko Berkuljan (Montenegrin: Gojko Berkuljan)(Nikšić, September 6, 1923 – Cetinje, December 21, 1989) was Montenegrin painter of Romanian origin. He was born in Nikšić but his family moved to Cetinje, former administrative center of Montenegro, where he attended elementary and high school. Gojko Berkuljan graduated in 1950 from the School of Arts in Herceg Novi, where he studied painting in the class of professors Milo Milunović and Petar Lubarda. The director of this institution at the time was Milos Vusković, distinguished painter and caricaturist. During the studies Berkuljan participated in preservation and copying of the frescoes in Pećka Patrijaršija (Patriarchate of Peć) and other monasteries located in Serbia, Montenegro and Macedonia. After graduation he worked for a couple of years as technical director of the journal Pobjeda (Victory) and conservator for paintings on canvass at the Institute for Protection of the Monuments of History in Cetinje. In 1951 he formed together with his friends and colleagues Branko Filipović and Aleksandar Prijić the artistic group “Trojica”. Their works based on non-common approach were commented as a rebellion against socialist realism and other artistic stereotypes of the period. In 1952 Berkuljan started to work as scenographist at the oldest Montenegrin Theatre “Zetski Dom” and the “Theatre for children Rajko Begovič”, where he designed more than 200 paintings of the stage scenery. Before getting retired he also covered briefly the position of the general manager of the National Theatre of Montenegro in Podgorica.
Gojko Berkuljan participated in all most important events related to the Montenegrin art scene. He was also initiator and one of the founders of the international exhibition “Salon 13 November” and initiator of the former Museum of Theatre in Cetinje. During the years the artist created a large number of paintings that evolved radically in form and substance through different techniques and phases, mostly inspired by Montenegrin landscape and epics.
Berkuljan won many awards and obtained two scholarships: for specialization in Italy (1954) and France (1959). He was a member of ULUCG (Association of Visual Artists of Montenegro).
References.
1. Pavle Vasić, "Jubilarna izložba crnogorskih umjetnika (In occasion of the jubilee exhibition of Montenegrin painters)", Politika "(Serbian newspaper Politika)", 28. 11. 1956.
2. Dragutin Vujanović, "Predgovor u katalogu za izložbu Gojka Berkuljana (From the preface to the catalogue)", Radnički univerzitet «Nikola Kovačević», Nikšić 1972.
3. Milan Marović, "Predgovor u katalogu za izložbu (From the preface to the catalogue)", Umjetnička galerija Crne Gore, Cetinje 1973.
4. Olga Perović, "Ovdje (Former Montenegrin art magazine)", September 1973.
5. Mladen Lompar, "Gojko Berkuljan – katalog retrospektivne izložbe (From the catalogue published in occasion of Berkuljan’s retrospective)", Umjetnički muzej SR Crne Gore Cetinje, jul-August 1977.
6. Milo Kralj, "Stvaralaštvo je stalno traženje (The creativity represents the continuous seeking)", Borba "(Serbian newspaper Borba)," 9. 04. 1977.
7. Opća enciklopedija JLZ – treće izdanje, tom II, str 151 "(Third version, vol. II, page 151)", Zagreb 1977.
8. Anton Zadrima, "Crnogorski slikari i vajari (Montenegrin painters and sculptors)", Književna opština Cetinje, 1986.
9. Olga Perović, "Ogledi i kritike (Opinions and art criticism)", Centar savremene umjetnosti Crne Gore, Podgorica 1997.
10. Milan M. Marović, "Prostor/vrijeme/trajanje – crnogorska likovna kritika (Space/time/existence – Montenegrin art criticism)", Centar savremene umjetnosti Crne Gore, Podgorica 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20485343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485343" title="First Edition (film)">
First Edition (film)

First Edition is a 1977 American short documentary film directed by Helen Whitney. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20485349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485349" title="Pogradec Castle">
Pogradec Castle

Pogradec Castle (Albanian:"Kalaja e Pogradecit") is a castle in Pogradec, Albania. At its highest point, it stands 205 metres above Lake Ohrid. 

</doc>
<doc id="20485358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485358" title="Agathe Cléry">
Agathe Cléry

Agathe Cléry is a French film released in 2008. Directed and co-written by Etienne Chatiliez, with co-writer Laurent Chouchan, this caustic musical is his sixth film.

</doc>
<doc id="20485360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485360" title="Bright Ambush">
Bright Ambush

Bright Ambush is a book of poems written by Audrey Wurdemann in 1934. In May, 1935 Wurdemann won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry for the book. She was the youngest person to win the prize for poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="20485366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485366" title="Porto Palermo Castle">
Porto Palermo Castle

Porto Palermo Castle (Albanian: "Kalaja e Porto Palermos") is a castle near Himarë in southern Albania. It is situated in the bay of Porto Palermo, a few kilometers south of Himarë. The well preserved castle is commonly, but wrongly, asserted, by guide books and the local tourist guides, to have been built in early 19th century by Ali Pasha of Tepelena. It looks to have been built prior to the evolution of the star fort design. Most probably it was built by the Venetians as it could be relieved by sea and it has the same triangular plan with round towers found in the Venetian fort at Butrint. In 1921 the castle was called Venetian. At that time the identity of its builders ought to have been clear, from a plaque above the entrance gate. This plaque is now missing but the weathering of the stones clearly shows that it has not been missing for many decades. Almost certainly this plaque had a carving of the lion of St. Mark. The most plausible explanation of the error found in the guide books is a rewriting of history in the communist period. Re-ascribing a colonial legacy to construction by an Albanian fits a nationalist isolationist agenda.
The castle would have been vulnerable to cannon fire from the hill above and this also suggests an early date for its construction when cannon had not developed the range they had later. In 1662 the Venetians feared the Turks would recondition it. In 1803 Ali Pasha offered the castle and port to the Royal Navy. At which time the fort only had 4 or 5 cannon implying that Ali Pasha did not see the fort as important for him.

</doc>
<doc id="20485372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485372" title="RAF Calveley">
RAF Calveley

RAF Calverley is a former RAF station located near Nantwich in Cheshire.
History.
In December 1940, it was decided to build an airfield near the village of Wardle, Cheshire, north-west of Nantwich, as one of a number of airfields intended to boost the fighter defence of Merseyside. The airfield was built by Peter Lind Ltd in 1941–1942, and had three concrete runways of between and .
By the time the airfield was complete, the need for fighter defences for the North-West of England had declined, so it was decided to use it for training, with the station opening as a Relief Landing Ground for No. 5 Service Training Flying School (SFTS) based at RAF Ternhill in Shropshire on 14 March 1942. 5 STFS was renamed No. 5 (Pilot) Advanced Flying Unit ((P)AFU) on 13 April 1942, continuing operations both from Ternhill and its satellites, including Calverley, which was the only one of Ternhill's satellites to have hard runways. In May 1943 RAF Calveley became the main base for No. 17 (P)AFU, equipped with 174 Miles Master trainers, which moved from RAF Watton in Norfolk. To accommodate the unit's large number of aircraft, RAF Wrexham served as a satellite airfield.
17 (P)AFU disbanded on 1 February 1944, as part of a shuffle of training units which saw No. 11 P(AFU), equipped with 132 Airspeed Oxfords, move from RAF Shawbury, freeing the well equipped Shawbury for the Vickers Wellingtons of the Central Navigation School to move from RAF Cranage.
Current use.
The airfield is now farmland and part of an industrial estate.

</doc>
<doc id="20485374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485374" title="Jesús Guridi">
Jesús Guridi

Jesús Guridi Bidaola (25 September 18867 April 1961) was a Spanish Basque composer, and is a key player in the Spanish and Basque music of the twentieth century. His style fits into the late Romantic idiom, directly inherited from Wagner, and with a strong influence from the Basque culture. Among his best known works are the operetta "El Caserío", the opera "Amaya", the orchestral work "Ten Basque melodies" and his organ works, where the "Triptych of the Good Shepherd" can be highlighted.
Biography.
Guridi was born in Vitoria-Gasteiz into a family of musicians. His mother, Maria Trinidad Bidaola, was a violinist and his father, Lorenzo Guridi, was a pianist. After completing his early studies with the Piarists and the Jesuits of Zaragoza, he moved to Madrid, where he received lessons from Arina Valentin. Later, in Bilbao, he was involved in the activities of the society called "El Cuartito". He received violin lessons from Lope Alana and studied harmony with José Sáinz Besabe. On 28 January 1901 he gave his first public concert with the Philharmonic Society of Bilbao. At the age of 18 he enrolled in the Schola Cantorum in Paris, studying organ with Abel Decaux, composition with Auguste Sérieyx, and fugue and counterpoint with Vincent d'Indy. Here he met Jose Maria Usandizaga, with whom he developed a deep friendship.
He then moved to Brussels, where he studied with Joseph Jongen and in Cologne with Otto Neitzel, following the recommendations of Resurrección Maria de Azcue. In June 1912 he was appointed director of the Bilbao Choral Society. In the same year his friend Usandizaga died.
In 1922 he married Julia Ispizua. The couple had six children: Maria Jesus, Luis Fernando, Maria Isabel, Ignacio, Julia, and Javier. In 1944 he began working at the Madrid Conservatory, where, years later, he became director.
He died suddenly on 7 April 1961 at the age of 74 years in his home on Sagasta Street in Madrid.
Musical style.
Strongly influenced by Richard Wagner and other late-Romantic musicians, he found inspiration in the roots of Basque folklore in his first scores, and which later give body and soul to his compositions. Guridi produced copiously in a huge range of genres. From chamber music (string quartets), vocal and choral compositions, orchestral works, religious pieces for the organ, operas ("Mirentxu" and "Amaya") and operettas ("El Caserio", "La Meiga", etc.). Among his works are: "El Caserio" (1926), "Diez melodias Vascas" (1940), "Así cantan los chicos" (1909), "Amaya" (1920), "Mirentxu" (1910), "Una aventura de Don Quixote" (1916), "La Meiga" (1929 ) "Seis canciones castellanas" (1939), "Pyrenean" Symphony (1945), and "Homenaje a Walt Disney", for piano and orchestra (1956).
His work.
Despite his intense activity as an organist, choir director and teacher, Guridi was largely devoted to composition. The variety of genres he cultivated is very wide, ranging from symphonic music to film music, operas and operettas, chamber music, choral music, songs and music for children.
Guridi's music writing is characterized by the clarity of its formal organization, by the strength and richness of its harmony and the inspiration of the melodies. He was one of the main creators of the musical nationalism in Euskadi and Spain.
These are some of his most important works:
Opera.
His best known opera is "Amaya" (libretto by Joseph M. Arroita Jáuregui), released at the Coliseo Albia in Bilbao in 1920, and also "Mirentxu" (libretto by Alfred Etxabe), released in Bilbao in 1910.
Operetta.
Probably his best known zarzuela and work is "El Caserío" (The farmhouse, libretto by Guillermo Fernández Shaw and Federico Romero), premiered in Madrid in 1926.
It is also worth mentioning "La Meiga" (by the same authors), "La Cautiva" (The Captive, by LF Seville and A. Carreño), released in 1931, "Mandolinata" (A. C. de la Vega, 1934) and "Mari-Eli", Basque operetta (E. Carlos and Arniches Garay, 1936) as well as the lyrical "La bengala" (The flare, by L. Weaver and J. Hollow, 1939), "Peñamariana" (Romero and Fernandez Shaw, 1944), and "Acuarelas vascas" (Basque Watercolours, 1948).
Orchestra.
On orchestral music, his most famous work is "Ten Basque melodies" (1940). He also composed "Basque Legend" in 1915, the symphonic poem "An Adventure of Don Quixote" (1916) and "En un barco fenicio" (In a Phoenician ship), in 1927. In 1945 he composed his "Pyrenees Symphony" and, in 1956, "Tribute to Walt Disney Fantasy" for piano and orchestra.
Choral music.
Vocal music is also present in Guridi’s work. "Six Castilian Songs", composed in 1939, can be highlighted. Other Guridi’s choral works are: "So the children sing" (1915), for chorus and orchestra, "Euskal folkloreko XXII Abesti" (Basque popular songs, 1932), "Basque Songs" (1956), "Boga boga" (Popular Basque, 1913), "Anton Aizkorri" (1913), "Ator, ator mutil" (Christmas Eve Song, 1920), "Mass in honor of the Archangel Gabriel", for chorus and organ (1955), "Mass in honor of San Ignacio de Loyola", (3 voices and organ, 1922), "Requiem Mass" for chorus and organ (1918), "Te Deum", for chorus and organ (1937), "Ave Maria" (1907)," Hail", for gold and organ (1916), "Tantum ergo", for choir and organ (1915) and "Basque Folk Songs", for chorus of mixed voices (1913–1923).
Piano and chamber music.
They are also noteworthy creations of incidental music for film and his work for solo piano, which include "Old Dances" (1939), "8 Notes For Piano" (1954), "Ten Basque melodies, Lamento e imprecación de Agar" (1958), "Piano Pieces" (1905), "Three short pieces" (1910) and "Vasconia" (1924). He also cultivated chamber music, and he wrote two string quartets, "Quartet in G major" (1934) and "Quartet in A minor" (1949; dedicated to the cellist Juan Ruiz Casaux).
Organ.
The organ was probably Guridi’s favourite instrument, in his role as a performer and as a teacher. In fact, he was a master on improvisation and he remained active as an organist until the end of his days.
Guridi was appointed professor of organ and harmony at the Institute of Music of Bizkaia in 1922, and in 1944 he won by opposition the organ national chair of the Royal Conservatory of Music in Madrid, which in 1956 would become director. He served for years as organist of the Church of San Manuel and San Benito, Madrid.
In 1909, when he was still very young, he won the Gold Medal in the Valencia Regional Exhibition, with his "Fantasy for great organ", a piece composed between 1906 and 1907 and premiered by Guridi himself. Also in 1909 he composed an "Interlude" and in 1917 he wrote another Fantasy, that was published under the title "Prelude and Fantasy".
In 1922 he composed "Cuadros vascos" (Basque scenes), for chorus and orchestra, and adapted, for solo organ, the "Espatadantza" (traditional Basque dance) contained in this work. He also adapted for organ "Four Cantigas of Alfonso el Sabio" in 1953.
In 1948 he composed "Variations on a Basque theme", which consists of nine variations on the popular song "Itsasoa laino dago" (There is fog on the sea), contained in Resurrección Mª de Azkue’s Songbook.
In 1951, Guridi grouped twenty short and not difficult of execution pieces for organ teaching approach under the title "Spanish School of Organ (1. Introducción - 2. Capriccio - 3. Cantinela - 4. Himno - 5. Improvisación - 6. Canción vasca - 7. Salida - 8. Interludio - 9. Plegaria - 10. Preludio - 11. Pastorela - 12. Villancico - 13. Glosa (Puer natus est) - 14. Éxtasis - 15. Fuga - 16. Adagio - 17. Ave Maria - 18. Ofertorio I - 19. Ofertorio II - 20. Tocata)".
In 1953 he wrote the beautiful "Triptych of the Good Shepherd ("The Flock ", "The Lost Sheep" and "The Good Shepherd")", surely his masterpiece in this field, which won the first prize in the composition competition organized by Organería Española because of the inauguration of the new organ of the Good Shepherd Cathedral in San Sebastián. Guridi himself premiered his "Triptych" on 20 January 1954 in this temple. The other composers awarded in the competition were Tomás Garbizu, Luis Urteaga and José María Nemesio Otaño. In 2007, the concert offered by these composers, 19 and 20 January 1954, was reproduced, and the concert ended with the work of Guridi.
Shortly before his death in 1960, he composed a "Final for organ", composition of great character in the line of the French master Louis Vierne.

</doc>
<doc id="20485379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485379" title="10,000 Women">
10,000 Women

10,000 Women is a five-year program organised by Goldman Sachs with the goal of training 10,000 women from predominantly developing countries in business and management. The program was announced on March 5, 2008 at Columbia University. The scheme is one of the largest philanthropic projects the bank has been involved with.
As part of the program, Goldman Sachs has committed $100 million in funding and partnered universities in Europe and the United States with business schools in developing and emerging economies.
Since 2009, Vital Voices has presented the 10,000 Women Entrepreneurial Achievement Award at its annual Global Leadership Awards event. The award is given to a graduate of the 10,000 Women program, sponsored by Goldman Sachs. Past recipients include Temituokpe Esisi of Nigeria (2009) and Andeisha Farid of Afghanistan (2010).
In September 2013 Goldman Sachs launched a public Twitter presence for the 10,000 Women program using the screen name @GS10KWomen. In October 2013 the account had over 20,000 followers.

</doc>
<doc id="20485383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485383" title="Prezë Castle">
Prezë Castle

Prezë Castle (Albanian:"Kalaja e Prezës") is a castle in Prezë, western Albania. It was built by the Parthini tribe.
Preza Castle overlooks the village with the same name and is located on a hilltop. It is a small castle the construction of which started in the 14th century and was completed in the early 15th century and belonged to the Topias, a local feudal family. The castle has been declared a 'monument of culture'. It has four towers, one in each corner. The clock tower was erected around 1800-1850. It is known for its beautiful location, overlooking the Tirana plain. The castle is quite close to the Mother Theresa International Airport. A restaurant and other service facilities are found inside the castle.

</doc>
<doc id="20485392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485392" title="ANDA">
ANDA

ANDA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20485405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485405" title="MV Camilla Desgagnés">
MV Camilla Desgagnés

MV "Camilla Desgagnés" is a Canadian cargo vessel that has operated since 2003 in the waters of eastern and Arctic Canada. Before that, the ship was sailing under the Finnish flag as Ms "Camilla", owned by Lundqvist Rederierna of Mariehamn, Åland Islands. The ship was built by Krögerwerft GmbH in Rendsburg, Germany (West) in 1982. As the ship operated out of Finnish and Baltic ports in winter mainly without icebreaker assistance, it has the highest Finnish-Swedish ice class of 1A Super.
2003 salvage.
On May 1, 2002, "Camilla" was laid up in the port of Mariehamn, Finland. According to the Finnish investigation report, maintenance work on the ship was intended to be carried out during the lay-up, but did not actually take place. On Dec 31st, 2012 the ship departed Mariehamn for Canada in ballast for a cargo of paper. During the sailing, it was noticed that the ship's fuel had been contaminated with water, requiring a transition to burning light oil, and that engine lubrication oil required continuous filtering. The exhaust valves of the main engine also saw attention many times during the trip. After loading her cargo in Dalhousie, Nova Scotia, Canada, the ship left for England on Jan 19th, 2003. On Jan 23rd 05.40z the main engine stopped at sea, causing a black out. The engine failed with alarms and was restarted several times each time with some increasingly worrying signs of disrepair. At 09.36z it was discovered that one of the crank shaft bearings was overheating with mechanical noise emerging from several of the cylinders. At 10.45z the engine was declared inoperative. The engineers initially set out to repair the engine, but the master's decision at 13.48z that the ship would be evacuated halted the work. A hurricane was closing in, the repairs would take up to 36 hours, and even in the best case the ship's propulsion would be limited. The ship was then at 46° 54,7’ N, 46° 50,9’ W, and rolling 30-40 degrees. The crew ate dinner, closed all the hatches and valves and prepared to leave the ship. The ship's Stork-Werkspoor engine type was deemed in the Finnish investigation report to be very sensitive to the quality of its lubrication oil owing to a design feature, and the type had also received a general design revision to the crank rod bearings and the connecting rods. The engine type was also known to collect sticky oily residue in the general crankshaft area even when carefully maintained. The engine on board the "Camilla" had both unrevised and revised parts installed, but the parts to fail were all of the unrevised design. The investigation board concluded that the most probable cause for the engine break down was imperfect lubrication of the main engine. The imperfect lubrication was a result of several factors, as detailed in the full report.
"Camilla" was abandoned after her 17 person crew was rescued from the ship by the Canadian Coast Guard and the Canadian Forces in January 2003 off Newfoundland following extreme weather. This rescue became the subject of an installment of the 2007 National Geographic Channel documentary series "Trapped".
Titan Salvage partnered with International Transport Contractors to salvage "Camilla". ITC tugboat "Kigoria" and Secunda Marine tugboat "Ryan Leet" secured the vessel on January 30, 2003 while "Camilla" was heeling 20 degrees to port and rolling 40 degrees to port. The vessel was towed to sheltered waters on the Newfoundland coast before being moved to St. John's for delivery to its owners.
The ship was sold at that time to Groupe Desgagnés of Quebec who renamed her "Camilla Desgagnés".
2005 fire.
On June 8, 2005 the vessel reported an engine room fire off New York City. Disabled, the owners contracted Titan Salvage who had originally salvaged the vessel in 2003. The vessel's crew contained the fire and Titan Salvage sub-contracted McAllister Towing to move the "Camilla Desgagnés" to Port Elizabeth, New Jersey where it was safely returned to the owners on June 10, 2005.
2008 transit of the Northwest Passage.
"Camilla Desgagnés" was claimed to have become the first commercial vessel to transit the Northwest Passage in September 2008 However, she has been preceded at least by SS "Manhattan", an oil tanker retrofitted with an icebreaker bow for the transit, in 1969.
On November 28, 2008, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation reported that the Canadian Coast Guard confirmed the first commercial ship sailed through the Northwest Passage. In September 2008, the MV "Camilla Desgagnés", owned by Desgagnés Transarctik Inc. and, along with the Arctic Cooperative, is part of Nunavut Sealift and Supply Incorporated (NSSI), transported cargo from Montreal to the hamlets of Cambridge Bay, Kugluktuk, Gjoa Haven and Taloyoak. A member of the crew is reported to have claimed that "there was no ice whatsoever". Shipping from the east is to resume in the fall of 2009. Although sealift is an annual feature of the Canadian Arctic this is the first time that the western communities have been serviced from the east. The western portion of the Canadian Arctic is normally supplied by Northern Transportation Company Limited (NTCL) from Hay River. The eastern portion by NNSI and NTCL from Churchill and Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="20485411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485411" title="Rodoni Castle">
Rodoni Castle

The Rodoni Castle (Albanian:"Kalaja e Rodonit") is a castle in Albania.
Overview.
Rodoni Castle is located on Cape of Rodon. After the victorious First Siege of Krujë the League of Lezhë decided to increase the fortifications for use against the Ottoman Empire. Skanderbeg chose the cape of Rodon as the location of the castle and construction began in 1450. The walls of the castle that was completed in c. 1452 had a length of 400m at that time. When the Siege of Krujë started in 1466 Skanderbeg retreated to Rodoni Castle from where he and his family, together with many people from Albania, were transported to Brindisi in 14 ships. According to Marin Barleti this castle was destroyed by Ottoman forces in 1467.
In 1500 the castle was rebuilt by the Republic of Venice. As a result of the corrosive action of the sea waves, some of the walls are now under the waters of the Adriatic. Today the visitors can see the outer walls on the right side and the tower at the place they intersect.

</doc>
<doc id="20485416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485416" title="Of Time, Tombs and Treasures">
Of Time, Tombs and Treasures

Of Time, Tombs and Treasures is a 1977 American short documentary film about the discovery the Tomb of the Tutankamun. Produced by James R. Messenger, the film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. 

</doc>
<doc id="20485428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485428" title="Christine Matison">
Christine Matison

Christine Matison (born 29 October 1951) is an Australian former professional tennis player who reached the semi-finals of the 1978 Australian Open as a qualifier.
Matison was the first woman qualifier to reach the semi-finals of a Grand Slam tournament. The next woman qualifier to do so was Alexandra Stevenson in the 1999 Wimbledon Championships.
In 1975, Matison won the doubles of the Western Australian Championships in Perth partnering Lesley Turner Bowrey, beating Sue Barker and Michelle Tyler-Wilson in the final 7-6, 6-3.

</doc>
<doc id="20485433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485433" title="Alexander Muñoz">
Alexander Muñoz

Alexander Muñoz (born February 8, 1979 in Miranda, Venezuela) is a professional boxer in the super flyweight division, nicknamed "El Explosivo."
Boxing career.
Munoz had an outstanding amateur career, compiling a record of 163 wins, 9 loses, and 129 knockouts in 172 bouts. Not to be confused with a former amateur boxer of the same name from Puerto Rico.
Munoz turned professional in 1998 and captured the WBA super flyweight title with an 8th round TKO win over Celes Kobayashi in 2002. He defended the title three times before losing by a split decision to Martín Castillo on December 3, 2004. 
He recaptured the belt on May 3, 2007 with a unanimous decision win over Nobuo Nashiro. On January 14, 2008, Muñoz defended his belt by against Katsushige Kawashima, a former WBC super flyweight champion, in a similar way. 
On May 17, 2008, Muñoz lost to WBC champion Cristian Mijares via a split decision, Mijares then became WBA super champion.

</doc>
<doc id="20485435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485435" title="Tim Hickey">
Tim Hickey

Timothy William "Tim" Hickey (born February 14, 1938) is an American politician. A Democrat, he served five terms (1963–1972) representing the 3rd Middlesex District in Cambridge in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He served as Deputy State Treasurer of Massachusetts from 1972–1980.
Early Life and Family.
Hickey was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts to William T. Hickey, a funeral director and embalmer, and Margaret (Kedian) Hickey. He was a graduate of the Cambridge Public School system. Hickey's father established the William T. Hickey Funeral Home in Cambridge in 1934. In 1959, he graduated from the New England Institute of Embalming and Funeral Directing and joined his father in a family business, the William T. Hickey & Son Funeral Home at 175 Huron Avenue in Cambridge.
In 1951 at the young age of thirteen he met a Cambridge City Councillor by the name of Edward J. "Eddie" Sullivan. Through this friendship he became interested in a life of public service. He watched his friend go from City Councillor to Mayor of Cambridge and go on to become Clerk of Courts for Middlesex County in Massachusetts. 
On June 4, 1960, Hickey married Patricia Eileen Hughes at St. Peter's Church in Cambridge. They have three daughters, Sheila, Margaret and Patricia, and five grandchildren, Timothy, Abigail, Meaghan, Colin and Liam.
Political career.
In 1962 Hickey ran for Representative from the 3rd Middlesex District. He won a competitive Democratic primary for the seat vacated by Lawrence F. Feloney, followed by a win in the November general election. He won reelection in 1964, 1966, 1968 and 1970.
Representative Hickey took his oath of office on January 1, 1963 at the age of 24, being the youngest member of the Legislature. Notable members of the Class of 1963 included: Congressman Joseph D. Early of Worcester, Governor Michael S. Dukakis who became the Democratic nominee for President in 1988, David M. Bartley who became Speaker of the Massachusetts House, and Thomas W. McGee who would also go on to become Speaker. 
He voted to replace four of the constitutional offices in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, with members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives. In 1964, Robert Q. Crane as State Treasurer replacing John T. Driscoll. Also in 1964, Thaddeus Buczko as State Auditor replacing Thomas J. Buckley. In 1967, John F.X. Davoren replacing Kevin H. White as Secretary of State. In 1969, Robert H. Quinn replacing Elliot Richardson as Attorney General.
Hickey served on the following House committees: Committee on Cities, Committee on Counties, Committee on Federal Financial Assistance, and the Committee On Ways and Means. Additionally, he served on the Special Commission on Mental Health.
In 1968, Representative Hickey attended the Democratic National Convention at The Stockyard in Chicago with the Massachusetts Delegation to support Hubert H. Humphrey and Edmund Muskie.
In 1972 Hickey left the House and was appointed Deputy State Treasurer, a post he held until 1980, returning full-time as President and owner of the William T. Hickey & Son Funeral Home in Cambridge.
Recent Life.
Hickey has retired from public service. He in Cambridge with his wife, Patricia, and they spend their summers at the White Cliffs Country Club in Plymouth, Massachusetts. The Hickey's spend their winters in Deerfield Beach, Florida.
On October 19, 2005, Representative Hickey attended The 375th Anniversary of the General Court of Massachusetts. His guest for the celebration was his grandson, Timothy W. Mahoney.
Over the years Representative Hickey has always given credit to his success in public service to his late friend and mentor Edward J. Sullivan, a friendship that lasted over fifty years.

</doc>
<doc id="20485442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485442" title="Skelë Castle">
Skelë Castle

Skelë Castle (Albanian:"Kalaja e Skelës") is a castle in Albania. It has a history with Suleiman the Magnificent in 1531.

</doc>
<doc id="20485468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485468" title="Ali Pasha Castle">
Ali Pasha Castle

Ali Pasha Castle () is a castle in Butrint, Albania. It is named after Ali Pasha of Tepelenë resided there until 1820. The current fortress was rebuilt in 1819 from its surface with 3 towers. Until 1820 it was the second residence of Ali Pashe Tepelena.
Unfortunately, this article describes the wrong castle at Butrint. The castle described and pictured is popularly known as 'The Triangular Fortress'. Built under Venetian dominion in the late 15th or early 16th century, it provided a stronghold for the Venetians on Corfu to exploit fishing, grazing, olives and timber in and around Butrint. The castle was the centrepiece of numerous conflicts with the burgeoning Ottoman Empire, and changed hands on several occasions. It was finally destroyed by a retreating French army in 1798 to prevent it falling in to the hands of Ali Pasha.
The fortification attributed to Ali Pasha at Butrint lies some 2.4 km due west at the mouth of the Vivari Channel. This in itself began life in the late 17th or early 18th century as a fortified estate centre belonging to a Corfiote family that farmed land on the plains south of the ancient city. Ali Pasha seized control of the structure around 1804 and carried out a series of defensive improvements including the installation of gun batteries. Given its small size it is unlikely that the fort functioned as anything more than a control over access from the sea to Butrint, and it can not be compared to Ali's more redoubtable fortresses in the region at Tepelena, Gjirokastra and Ioannina.

</doc>
<doc id="20485475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485475" title="Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in Extremadura">
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in Extremadura

The Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in the Community of Extremadura:
Regional Preferente.
The Regional Preferente is the fifth level of competition of the Spanish league football in the Autonomous Community of Extremadura. It is organized by Football Federation of Extremadura. 
League system.
The Regional Preferente consists of three groups of sixteen clubs each one. Top four teams at final standings play the promotion playoffs. Bottom four teams are relegated.
Promotion playoff.
Playoff to determine the three teams which will be promoted to Tercera División. Qualified teams 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th of each group play the playoff.
1st round.
2nd leg.
"Azuaga won 2–1 on aggregate and advanced to the Final Round"
"Castuera Subastacar won 4–2 on aggregate and advanced to the Final Round"
"Olivenza won 3–1 on aggregate and advanced to the Final Round"
"Sanvicenteño won 3–1 on aggregate and advanced to the Final Round"
"Valdivia won 2–1 on aggregate and advanced to the Final Round"
"Aceuchal won 6–2 on aggregate and advanced to the Final Round"
Primera Regional.
The Primera Regional is the sixth level of competition of the Spanish league football in the Autonomous Community of Extremadura. It is organized by Football Federation of Extremadura. 
League system.
The Primera Regional is played with four groups of 14 teams. At the end of the season, the champion of each group are promoted to the Regional Preferente. The two winners of the runners-up playoff are also promoted. The Primera Regional de Extremadura is the lowest league in the Spanish league pyramid in Extremadura, so no clubs are relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="20485476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485476" title="The Shetland Experience">
The Shetland Experience

The Shetland Experience is a 1977 British short documentary film directed by Derek Williams. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20485488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485488" title="Oklahoma A&amp;M Cowboys football, 1930–39">
Oklahoma A&amp;M Cowboys football, 1930–39

__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20485489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485489" title="Gallt y Daren">
Gallt y Daren

Gallt y Daren is a peak in the southern half of the Snowdonia National Park in Gwynedd, North Wales, and forms part of the Arenig mountain range. It is a top of Moel Llyfnant, and is twin peaked. It lies to the west of Moel Llyfnant. 
The summit itself is situated on a rocky outcrop offering extensive views of the Rhinogs and Snowdonia to the north. 
The peak is often known as Foel Boeth. However, the Nuttall list includes both the twin tops resulting in the higher top being called Gallt y Daren and the lower top being called Foel Boeth (616m). It lies to the west of Moel Llyfnant. 

</doc>
<doc id="20485500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485500" title="Tujani Castle">
Tujani Castle

Tujani Castle () is a castle in Albania. The first fortifications of the castle were built in the early Iron age. The castle was rebuilt in the 4th century AD.

</doc>
<doc id="20485522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485522" title="Fortress of Justinian">
Fortress of Justinian

Fortress of Justinian () or simply known as Tirana Castle (Albanian: "Kalaja e Tiranës") is a castle in Tirana, Albania. Its history dates back before 1300 and is a remnant from the Byzantine-era. The fortress is the place where the main east-west and north-south roads crossed, and formed the heart of Tirana. About all that's left of the fortress above ground is a 6m-high Ottoman-era wall, covered in vines. The recently uncovered wall foundations were incorporated into the pedestrianised Murat Toptani Street, while a mosaic commemorating the 100th Anniversary of Albania's Independence was unveiled near the Albanian Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="20485547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485547" title="United States Senate election in New Hampshire, 1980">
United States Senate election in New Hampshire, 1980

The 1980 United States Senate election in New Hampshire was held on November 2, 1980. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator John Durkin was defeated by attorney Warren Rudman in a relatively close election, where nationwide Republicans would have a landslide election known as the Reagan Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="20485550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485550" title="Elric (disambiguation)">
Elric (disambiguation)

Elric is a fictional character created by Michael Moorcock.
Elric may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20485559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485559" title="Northern Cherokee Nation of the Old Louisiana Territory">
Northern Cherokee Nation of the Old Louisiana Territory

The Northern Cherokee Nation of the Old Louisiana Territory is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization of individuals who self identify as Cherokee but have not been recognized as a government. Members live primarily in Kansas, Missouri, Arkansas, Oklahoma and Texas. The name of the group originated in 1991 describing a portion of the Northern Cherokee Nation's members, along with the "Northern Cherokee Nation of Arkansas and Missouri" in the same year; a separate splinter became the "Sac River and White River Bands of the Chickamauga Cherokee Indian Nation of Arkansas and Missouri", which had its own split producing the "Chickamauga Cherokee Nation White River Band". The original Northern Cherokee Nation claimed to have been organized since the late 18th century. The headquarters of this group is located in Columbia, Missouri.
Relationship with the federally recognized Cherokees.
In 2000 the U.S. census report 729,533 people self identified as Cherokee Indian, more than twice the population of the second most populous American Indian group, the Navajo people, who numbered 298,197. This figure is also more than twice the population of current estimates of all three federally recognized tribes combined. 
The Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma issued a statement asserting that some Cherokee heritage groups are encouraged but those that use words that imply governance are not. In 2008 the leadership of the Cherokee Nation and the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians signed a resolution to oppose fabricated Cherokee 'tribes' and denounced state and federal recognition of any new "Cherokee" tribes or bands. The United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians did not participate in the resolution.
Recognition status.
Federal recognition of an Indian tribe can be achieved in one of three ways; by recognition through the Bureau of Indian Affairs, recognition through Acts of Congress or recognition through Courts of Law. State recognition of an Indian tribe differs from state to state but fall into one of four methods, namely: passage of State Statutes and Acts, recognition through State Regulatory Processes, recognition through Joint and Concurrent Resolutions, and recognition through Treaties, Proclamations and Executive Orders. In both cases recognition is accomplished by meeting the requisites for any one of the relative methods of recognition. That means that the BIA can recognize a group and yield that group recognition or Congress can pass a bill recognizing the group. 
The NCNOLT is not a federally recognized Indian tribe but is considered state recognized by way of executive mandate according to some sources however the Missouri American Indian Council asserts "there are no domestic Indian tribes recognized by the state," insisting that an executive mandate does not constitute the appropriate avenue of recognition but that it must be done by the passage of a state law in the state of Missouri. The NCNOLT has attempted multiple times to clarify state recognition in Missouri and Arkansas but have not been successful. They have received three declarations from different state governors acknowledging "Northern Cherokee Recognition Day" and the presence of the Northern Cherokee since the late 18th century in the states of Missouri and Arkansas and one county, Boone County in Missouri. The Northern Cherokee Nation of the Old Louisiana Territory filed a Letter of Intent to Petition with the Bureau of Indian Affairs on February 19, 1992, but as of September 22, 2008, no decision had been reached, because the group has submitted no documentation (as of February 15, 2007).
According to the document signed by Mel Carnahan the Northern Cherokee Nation of the Old Louisiana Territory is the same tribal entity as the Northern Cherokee Nation that was recognized by Kit Bond in 1983 and the original body from which sprang out other splinter groups.
The "Lost Tribe".
The leader of the Northern Cherokee Nation of the Old Louisiana Territory, Beverly Baker Northup, published a book in 2001 entitled "We Are Not Yet Conquered" and in the first chapter featured an explanation to the origins of the ancestry of the Cherokee people. Northup explains in this chapter that she believes that a group of Middle Eastern people (she suggests they could have been Sicarii and surviving defenders of Masada) crossed the Atlantic Ocean and intermarried with Indian peoples making up the Cherokee. Northup's suggestion of Jewish ancestry for Cherokee people was featured in the book "Weird Missouri" and was compared to the Mormon belief system; a similar idea also forms part of the beliefs of Christian Identity and British Israelism. The claimed connection between Amerindians and the 10 Lost Tribes has spread on Indian and Israelite oriented websites alike and has sparked disdain as well as approval.
Controversy.
Dr. Carol Morrow from the Southeast Missouri State University in Cape Girardeau suggested that eligibility for membership is determined by Beverly Baker Northup who has been voted out of office more than once and who has obtained $120,000 in federal grant money to be used for completing the tribe's federal recognition process, which has not yet been completed. Northup believes that that Governor Mel Carnahan's bill of acknowledgment speaks to her legitimacy in office as the question of her having been voted out of office predated 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20485562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485562" title="Richard Haddock">
Richard Haddock

Sir Richard Haddock (c.1629 – 26 January 1715 Old Style) was an officer of the Royal Navy. He served during the Anglo-Dutch Wars, eventually rising to the rank of Admiral in August 1690.
Family and early life.
Haddock was born into a distinguished navy family. His grandfather, also Richard Haddock, had been rewarded by the government in 1652, having held commands under both Charles I and subsequently the Parliamentary regime; he commanded the "Victory" in 1642, the "Antelope" in 1643-44, the "John" in 1644 and the "Unicorn" in 1648. In 1652 he served as Vice-Admiral commanding the "Vanguard". His father, William Haddock, also commanded trading vessels, and was appointed on 14 March 1651 to command the "America", a ship hired by the Commonwealth of England Navy. He served in the First Anglo–Dutch War and saw action in 1653. For his services he was awarded a gold medal. William initially lived in Deptford, but subsequently moved to Kent. He had a number of children, several of whom followed him into the navy, including his son Richard.
Command.
Richard Haddock had command of from 1656 to 1660, but was then unemployed until 1666 when he took command of the 50-gun on 14 June 1666. During this period, he was given command of one of the companies involved in the attacks on Ulie and Schelling in August 1666. He relinquished command of the "Portland" on 9 November 1667.
Prior to the outbreak of the Third Anglo-Dutch War in 1672 Haddock became captain of the 100-gun on 18 January of that year; he was her captain at the Battle of Solebay on 28 May. The "Royal James" was the flagship of Admiral Sir Edward Montagu, 1st Earl of Sandwich. The "Royal James" led the van of the Blue Squadron, and attacked Willem Joseph van Ghent's ship. She was then engaged by a number of other Dutch warships and fireships. Despite fighting several of them off and forcing Rear-Admiral Jan van Brakel's ship to disengage, the "Royal James" was set on fire by the Dutch. Haddock was wounded in the foot, and on seeing that the ship was doomed, attempted to persuade the Earl to abandon ship. Montagu refused, and Haddock jumped overboard. He survived to be picked up and transferred to another English warship. Montagu was killed in the wreck. 
Haddock returned to London and attended a meeting with King Charles II. There the King bestowed a mark of favour on Haddock for his actions during the battle, taking a satin cap from his head and placing it upon Haddock's. The cap was kept in the family for many years, with a note describing This satin cap was given by King Charles the second, in the year 1672, to Sir Richard Haddock, after the English battle with the Dutch, when he had been captain of the Royal James, under the command of the Earl of Sandwich, which ship was burnt, and Sir Richard had been wounded. Given him on his return to London.
Haddock assumed command of the Third rate on 7 November 1672, and remained with her until the following 1 February. He was then given command on 2 February 1673 of the brand new First rate , flagship of Prince Rupert of the Rhine. He fought at the Battles of Schooneveld on 28 May and 4 June 1673 (Old Style; 7 and 14 June New Style). Immediately following this second action, on 5 June 1673 he was switched to command HMS "Royal Sovereign", but relinquished command of the "Royal Sovereign" on 30 June, and was quickly appointed to be an Extra Commissioner of the Navy on 18 August 1673. 
He was knighted on 3 July 1675. Haddock was appointed Comptroller of the Navy on 2 February 1682, an appointment he retained until 17 April 1686. He also became commander of on 3 June 1682, but this last sea command only lasted 18 days, ending on 21 June.
Political life and later offices.
In 1683 he was appointed first Commissioner of the Victualling Office, a post he held until 1690. He entered politics in 1678, being elected to represent Aldeburgh. He became the representative for New Shoreham in 1685, and just before the accession of King William III he again became Controller of the Navy on 12 October 1688, a post he held until his death on 29 January 1714. He was appointed joint Commander-in-Chief of the fleet sent to Ireland in 1690, alongside Vice Admiral Henry Killigrew and Sir John Ashby. They commanded the fleet from the third rate . They remained in command until the winter when the fleet returned to Britain. They resigned their commissions and were replaced by Admiral Edward Russell. Haddock went into retirement from active service, dying in London on 26 January 1715. He was buried at the family seat of Leigh-on-Sea in St Clement Churchyard on 6 February.
Relations.
Sir Richard married (1) Elizabeth "Lydia" Wilkinson, daughter of Henry Wilkinson and Joane Cannon, on 13 February 1648 at St Katharine's by the Tower. They had three children, Jeane (married John Greene in 1672), John (who went to America), and Richard. Sir Richard married (2) Elizabeth Hurleston, daughter of Adm. Nicholas Hurleston and Anna Moyer, on 24 July 1671 at St Botolph-without-Bishopsgate and had seven children; Martha who married Dennis Lyddoll; Capt. Richard b. abt 1673 - 21 April 1751; William; Elizabeth; Capt. Joseph Haddock; Adm. of the Blue Nicholas Haddock (1685–1746); Lydia.
Sir Richard's nephew, also named Richard, served in the Navy and commanded the fireship "Anne and Christopher" at the Battle of Solebay, being commended for his bravery. Sir Richard's brother, Joseph Haddock, also had a naval career as a Lieutenant during the Third Anglo-Dutch War, later commanding HMS "Swallow" in 1678. Sir Richard's eldest son (by his second wife), another Richard, followed his father into the Navy and in April 1734 was appointed to his father's old post of Controller of the Navy. Sir Richard's third son, Nicholas, ended a distinguished naval career with the rank of Admiral of the Blue.

</doc>
<doc id="20485591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485591" title="Sumio Endo">
Sumio Endo

He is from Kōriyama, Fukushima. After graduation from Nihon University, He belonged to Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department.
He received a bronze medal in the heavyweight class at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. He is world champion from 1975 and from 1979. 
As of 2008, He coaches judo at North Asia University in Akita, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20485631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485631" title="Christina Simon">
Christina Simon

Christina Simon (born Christina Ganahl on 4 October 1954 in Lochau, Vorarlberg) is an Austrian singer and composer. 
Simon was selected to represent Austria (ORF) in Eurovision Song Contest 1979. She has performed in that contest the entry "Heute in Jerusalem". This song had lyrics by André Heller and music by Peter Wolf. The song tied for last place (18th), receiving five points.

</doc>
<doc id="20485632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485632" title="Hlaing Township">
Hlaing Township

Hlaing Township (, ) is an area of Yangon, Myanmar. The township comprises 16 wards and shares borders with Mayangon township and Thamaing Creek in the north, Mayangon township and Inya Lake in the east, Kamayut township in the south and Hlaingthaya township in the west. In 2000, the township's population was estimated to be about 125,000. It has 32 primary schools, eight middle schools and four high schools.
Landmarks.
The following is a list of landmarks protected by the city in Hlaing township.

</doc>
<doc id="20485640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485640" title="Abigail Williams (band)">
Abigail Williams (band)

Abigail Williams is an American black metal band, originally from Phoenix, Arizona, but now based in Los Angeles. Since their formation in 2004, the group has suffered near-constant changes to their line-up. The band even disbanded in 2007 for a short time before reforming and writing their debut full-length album. Shortly after an eight-week tour in support of their debut full-length album "In the Shadow of a Thousand Suns" (2008), vocalist Ken Sorceron would become the only original member remaining.
The group initially performed a symphonic black metal style, but with the release of the band's second full-length album "In the Absence of Light" (2010), Abigail Williams would switch to a purist black metal sound that was also carried out into their third full-length album titled "Becoming" (2012).
History.
The band was formed in 2004 by guitarist Ken Bergeron, who later became the vocalist. Prior to forming Abigail Williams and taking on the name Sorceron, Bergeron was the guitarist of Victims In Ecstacy, followed by participation in various hardcore and metal acts in Arizona.
Abigail Williams' first songs were six demo tracks that the band streamed online. These demo songs were later packaged by a fan into a bootleg named "Gallow Hill". Three of these demo tracks would be re-recorded for the "Legend" EP, including "Melquiades (The Great Work)", which was re-titled "The Conqueror Wyrm" and "Swollen Disgust", which was released as "Like Carrion Birds".
After touring extensively, including a United Kingdom tour in 2006, the band had their debut release through Candlelight Records, which was the "Legend" EP in 2006, which mixed metalcore influences with symphonic black metal, and was described by "Allmusic" as "a perfect example of an American recording with a very Nordic-influenced sound". According to vocalist/guitarist Ken Sorceron, the EP was only released so that the band would have something to promote, explaining "a lot of the songs are, like, older songs, and they felt a bit old. At the time we were trying to make an album and we just couldn't finish it on time for some tours". After touring with Dark Funeral and Enslaved, the band split up in early 2007, although Sorceron later claimed that rather than a permanent split it was a pre-meditated hiatus. Sorceron and Wilson continued playing together in another band, and eventually asked the original Abigail Williams bassist Thomas G. Plaguehammer to join them on drums. They decided to resume Abigail Williams as a band, with Plaguehammer returning to bass, Zach Gibson and Bjorn Dannov rejoining, and also Kristen Randall (Winds of Plague) joining the band. After a tour in late 2007, their drummer and keyboard player left, with Ashley Ellylon rejoining on keyboards and Samus becoming the new permanent drummer.
The band went into the studio with producer James Murphy (former guitarist of Obituary, Testament, and Cancer) to record their debut album, "In the Shadow of a Thousand Suns", released in October 2008, on which the metalcore influences that the band had on their previous songs was completely abandoned. The sound of the debut album has even drawn comparisons to Dimmu Borgir and Cradle of Filth. Much of its inspiration came from the melodic metal scene found in the Nordic countries. Because bands from these countries were immersed in the mythology of their respective countries, Abigail Williams looked into American history. Arthur Miller's "The Crucible" brought Abigail Williams, one of the original and foremost accusers in the Salem witch trials of 1692, to their attention.
The influence of European metal, particularly Scandinavian, is again evident. The album took more than six months to record, and black metal drummer Trym Torson of Emperor and Enslaved played drums on all tracks on the album except "Floods", "Acolytes", and "Empyrean". Most of the songs were written by Sorceron while the band was on hiatus in 2007. The band toured Europe and the UK in summer 2008. In 2009, keyboardist Ashley Ellylon became the new keyboardist for Cradle of Filth, replacing Rosie Smith. In October 2009, Sam "Samus" Paulicelli also left to focus on other projects.
Abigail Williams released the deluxe edition of "In the Shadow of a Thousand Suns" on January 12, 2010, which included a second disc featuring four new songs, one unreleased demo of "Floods," and the music video for "Into the Ashes".
Abigail Williams released their second full-length album, called "In the Absence of Light", via Candlelight Records on September 28, 2010. The album shows a considerable difference from the rest of the band's discography, noting its pure black metal sound instead of symphonic black metal.
The band began work on a new album in the summer of 2011, titled "Becoming", which was released on January 24, 2012 through Candlelight Records. It was the band's third full-length album through the label as well as their final album in all. Frontman, Sorceron handled all production aspects of the album. Before its release, the song "Ascension Sickness" leaked early on November 10, 2011 onto YouTube.
On July 2, 2012 Abigail Williams announced that this year's US tour would be the last ever and that they are disbanding. Since this, however, they have stated that they plan on recording another studio album along with further tour dates.

</doc>
<doc id="20485652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485652" title="Johann Baptiste Horvath">
Johann Baptiste Horvath

Johann Baptiste Horvath (, 13 July 1732 in Kőszeg – 20 October 1799 in Buda) was a Hungarian-born Jesuit Professor of Physics and Philosophy at the University of Trnava (Nagyszombat) in modern-day Slovakia, which was then part of the Kingdom of Hungary. Also known as Keresztély János Horváth, he is most noted for his authorship of various textbooks.
Biography.
Horvath entered the Jesuit order at 19 years of age (17 October 1751 in Trenčín), became a university professor, and subsequently authored the well-known Latin textbooks "Physica Generalis" (1767/1782, 496pp) and "Physica Particularis" (1770/1782, 472pp). Various other works are attributed to Horvath, including "Elementa Physicae" (1790/1807/1819, 656pp) which is a condensed revision of "Physica Generalis" and "Physica Particularis", "Institutiones Logicae" (1767/1813, 118pp), "Elementa/Institutiones Matheseos" (1772/1782, 456pp), "Institutiones Metaphysicae" (1767/1817, 362pp) and "Declaratio Infirmitatis Fundamentorum" (1797, 188pp) which is a philosophical text regarding speculations on the nature of God posited by Immanuel Kant. This collection of works, including metaphysics/logic and physics, was typical of Jesuit academics teaching under the Ratio Studiorum (1599). The books were published in Trnava (Slovakia), Augsburg (Germany), Eger and Buda (Hungary), Velencze (Romania), Madrid (Spain), Vienna (Austria) and Venice and Turin (Italy), including multiple editions and/or printings of each volume.
"Physica Generalis" deals primarily with classical mechanics and celestial mechanics, for example including a Copernican (heliocentric) diagram of the solar system, missing Uranus and Neptune, and a diagram of a highly-elliptical comet. "Physica Particularis" includes treatments of fluid mechanics, heat transfer and optics, and several chapters deal scientifically with the nascent field of electricity, where Horvath is thought to be the first East European author to present electricity and magnetism in the same chapter. The coverage is eclectic, including topics like the aurora borealis, combustion, sound, rainbows, botany and lightning. The work is also notable for its reliance on experimental physics, since this branch of physics was still emerging as a reputable field, especially among Jesuit academics. For example, Horvath cites experiments on electricity by Benjamin Franklin (1754). In addition to his physics textbooks, Horvath published the mathematics textbook "Institutiones Matheseos", including sections covering arithmetic, algebra, geometry, trigonometry and conic sections.
He was among the most important Eastern European physics textbook authors in the 18th century (see also Andreas Jaszlinszky as well as Leopold Biwald and Joseph Redlhamer), and an innovative proponent of Newtonian mechanics, which in hindsight was the correct theory rather than the Cartesian mechanics popular among some Continental philosophers. By promoting the methods of Copernicus and Newton, influenced by the approach of Borgondio and Boscovich, Horvath represents a (correct) departure from "accepted" thinking in that region of Europe, and his works were widely distributed. He continued to publish and instruct students from a secular professorship after the Jesuit order was suppressed in 1773, and during his tenure the university faculty moved to modern-day Hungary (1777) to become the renowned University of Budapest.
Full-text scanned versions of "Physica Particularis" (1782/1775/1770/1817), missing some pages and illustrated plates, are available online. Similarly, scanned copies of "Physica Generalis" (1780/1775/1772) are available online. Images of the textbook title pages are also available. Each of these textbooks is worth approximately $150 depending on condition.
Appendix.
An example of near-contemporary notes regarding one of these textbooks is given below, where the reader is attempting to derive Prop 280 from "Physica Generalis", involving the force on a body in a circular orbit. The antiquated nomenclature includes = velocity and = force with = period being normalized by 2π.

</doc>
<doc id="20485675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485675" title="Christophe Pognon">
Christophe Pognon

Christophe Pognon (born 11 October 1977 in Cotonou) is a former tennis player from Benin.
Pognon represented his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, where he was defeated in the first round by Brazil's Gustavo Kuerten. The right-hander reached his highest singles ATP-ranking on 27 August 2001, when he became World Number 804.
Pognon participated in Davis Cup ties for Benin from 1994-2003, posting a 14-17 record in singles and a 1-1 record in doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="20485724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485724" title="Goodnight Miss Ann">
Goodnight Miss Ann

Goodnight Miss Ann is a 1978 American short documentary film directed by August Cinquegrana. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20485750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485750" title="Glen Coffee">
Glen Coffee

Glenwood Razeem Coffee, Jr (born May 1, 1987) is a former American football running back. He was selected by the 49ers in the third round of the 2009 NFL Draft and played one season before retiring in 2010. He played college football at Alabama.
College career.
Freshman.
In Coffee's freshman season, he showed up in all twelve games. On September 17, he rushed for a season-high 75 yards on 15 attempts in a 37–14 win over South Carolina. He did not see significant action throughout the remainder of the season, as he was a backup to starter Kenneth Darby while sharing time with Jimmy Johns. In Alabama's homecoming game versus Utah State, he scored his first collegiate touchdown on a 9–yard reception from John Parker Wilson.
In his freshman season, he rushed for a 179 yards on 48 attempts. He also caught eight passes for 91 yards, including one touchdown.
Sophomore.
After redshirting his sophomore season on campus, Coffee returned in the 2007 season under new head coach Nick Saban. In that season, he split time as the starting running back with freshman Terry Grant. In the season opener versus Western Carolina, Coffee rushed nine times for 76 yards and one touchdown in a 52–6 victory. In the season's homecoming game, he had his first 100-yard rushing game in a 30–24 win over Houston. In total, he rushed for 121 yards on 30 attempts and one touchdown, as well as catching one pass for six yards. However, he did not accumulate any statistics in four of Alabama's final five games. Alabama earned an appearance in the 2007 Independence Bowl versus Colorado. Coffee carried the ball 19 times for 72 yards in a 30–24 win.
Coffee finished his redshirt sophomore season with 545 yards on 129 carries, scoring four touchdowns. He also caught 18 passes for 142 yards.
Junior.
In the 2008 season, Coffee was named the starter in all 14 games, though shared time with two other running backs, Roy Upchurch and Mark Ingram, Jr. Coffee's first 100-yard rushing performance came in the fourth game of the season in a 49–14 rout of Arkansas. He carried the ball ten times for 162 yards and two touchdowns, including his career-long run of 87 yards. In the following game, Coffee again scored twice in a 41–30 upset over #3 Georgia, finishing the game with 23 carries for 86 yards. Coffee's career best game came in the following week in a 17–14 win over Kentucky, as he ran for 218 yards on 25 attempts, including a 78-yard touchdown run in the first quarter. His 218 yards was the most by an Alabama running back since Shaun Alexander in 1996. Alabama clinched a berth in the 2008 SEC Championship Game with a 27–21 overtime victory over LSU, in which Coffee rushed for 126 yards and one touchdown. In the annual Iron Bowl, he ran for his fourth 100+ yard game in a 36–0 rout of rival Auburn with 144 yards and one touchdown. After rushing for 112 yards in the SEC Championship game loss to Florida, Coffee was held to his season low in the 2009 Sugar Bowl against Utah. The Utes defense held Coffee to 36 yards on 13 attempts in a 31–17 Utah victory.
In his best statistical season at Alabama, Coffee ran for 1,383 yards and ten touchdowns, while averaging 5.9 yards per carry. With his season's performance, Coffee was named to the Associated Press All-SEC first team. On January 9, 2009 Coffee announced he would forgo his Senior year and declare for the 2009 NFL Draft. He was represented by Todd Crannell of Q2 Sports & Entertainment.
Professional career.
San Francisco 49ers.
Coffee was drafted in the third round of the 2009 NFL Draft by the San Francisco 49ers. He had a promising rookie season, seeing time as a back up to Pro Bowl running back Frank Gore.
Retirement.
After attending OTAs, minicamp, and two weeks of training camp, Coffee abruptly announced on August 13 that he would retire just before the start of the 2010 NFL preseason. Head coach Mike Singletary stated that sixth round draft pick Anthony Dixon and veteran Michael Robinson would compete for the number 2 running back spot and that Coffee's departure would not be a distraction to the team. However on August 16, the 49ers signed free agent veteran Brian Westbrook as the backup running back to a one year deal. The 49ers could move to recoup $621,000 of Coffee's $828,000 signing bonus.
Coffee planned to return to the University of Alabama to finish his degree in consumer affairs, with an eye towards graduate school. Coffee has confirmed that the reason he retired was that his heart was never in football and that he believes God wants him to take another path. 
Military service.
Coffee subsequently enlisted in the U.S. Army in February 2013 to become a paratrooper. He hopes to become a Green Beret.
In June 2013, Glen graduated from United States Army Airborne School.[http://www.foxsportssouth.com/collegefootball/sec-conference/story/Ex-NFL-RB-Coffee-to-graduate-from-US-Arm?blockID=914767]
Personal.
Coffee's brother, Matt, plays fullback for the University of South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="20485751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485751" title="Joan van Hoorn">
Joan van Hoorn

Joan van Hoorn (1653–1711) was Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1704 until 1709. 
Joan (or Johan) van Hoorn was born on 16 November 1653, son to the wealthy Amsterdam gunpowder manufacturer, Pieter Janszn van Hoorn and his wife Sara Bessels, a grandchild of Gerard Reynst. As the gunpowder trade was no longer doing so well, his influential friends got him named as Counsellor-extraordinary ("Raad extraordinair") to the Dutch Council of the Indies. The whole family left for the Indies in 1663, including Joan. 
In 1665, when he was still only 12 years old, Joan van Hoorn was already Under-assistant ("onder-assistant") in the Dutch East India Company (VOC). From July 1666 until January 1668, he accompanied his father on a mission to China, where he was received by the Kangxi Emperor. Thereafter, Van Hoorn made rapid progress in his career. He became Assistant ("assistent") in 1671, Underbuyer ("onderkoopman") in 1673, Buyer ("koopman") and First Clerk to the general secretarial function in 1676. He was made Secretary to the High Government ("Hoge Regering") of the Indies in 1678. On 11 August 1682 he became Counsellor-extraordinary to the Council of the Indies. In that same year he was sent on a visit to Bantam. He was also named President of the "Weeskamer" (overseeing the estates of orphans, etc.). In 1684, he became President of the "College van Heemraden" (looking after land boundaries, roads, etc.). A further visit to Bantam took place in 1685, following which he was named full Counsellor ("Raad ordinair") of the Indies.
In 1691 Van Hoorn married Anna Struis. They had a daughter, Petronella Wilhelmina. She later married Jan Trip, the Mayor's son. A later marriage saw Petronella married to the extremely wealthy Lubbert Adolf Torck, Lord of Roozendael. 
Van Hoorn became Director-General in 1691. In this post, he completely reorganised the Company's administration. Following the death of his wife, he remarried, in 1692, this time to Susanna, the daughter of the then Governor-General Willem van Outhoorn. He himself was named, on 20 September 1701, as Governor-General in succession to his father-in-law. However, he declined to accept the post until three other high officials (Mattheus de Haan, Hendrick Zwaardecroon and de Roo), nominated by him, were admitted to the High Government of the Indies. He did this as he had no faith in the existing Council. The Seventeen Lords (Heren XVII) acceded to this demand and on 15 August 1704, Joan van Hoorn accepted the post of Governor General. 
The early years of Joan van Hoorn's term of office were marked by the war then raging - the "First Javanese War of Succession (1704 - 1708)" . At first the Company wanted to stay out of the conflict, but eventually they had to take sides. In 1705, Joan van Hoorn concluded an agreement with Mataram, which ceded West Java to the Company. Joan van Hoorn experimented with coffee plantation. Prices were determined by the merchants at Mocha so to do something about this, the Company tried growing coffee in other regions. Subsequently, there was great expansion of coffee growing, especially in the Priangan uplands near Batavia.
On 16 November 1706, following the death of Susanna, Van Hoorn re-married, this time to Joanna Maria van Riebeeck, oldest 
daughter of the then Director-General Abraham van Riebeeck. She was also the widow of Gerard de Heere, who had been Counsellor of the Indies and Governor of Ceylon. A son was born on 2 February 1708, but he died shortly afterwards. 
On 2 March 1708, Joan van Hoorn's request to leave post was granted. On 30 October 1709, he handed over the post to his father-in-law Abraham van Riebeeck. Despite his further request to remain in the Indies, he was recalled to the Netherlands, as Commander of the returning fleet. He bought a very pleasant house on the Herengracht in Amsterdam. The Heren XVII presented him with a gold chain and medallion. He died six months following his return on 21 February 1711. He was buried in the evening, as was then the fashion.

</doc>
<doc id="20485773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485773" title="James Ward Packard">
James Ward Packard

James Ward Packard (5 November 1863 – 20 March 1928) was an American automobile manufacturer who founded the Packard Motor Car Company and Packard Electric Company with his brother William Doud Packard.
Life and career.
Born in Warren, Ohio, James Ward Packard attended Lehigh University and with his brother founded Packard Electric Company there in 1890 and manufactured incandescent carbon arc lamps. The brothers then formed a partnership with Winton Motor Carriage Company investor George L. Weiss called Packard & Weiss in 1893. The first Packard automobile was released in 1899. In 1900, the company incorporated as the Ohio Automobile Company and was renamed the Packard Motor Car Company in 1902. The company relocated to Detroit in 1903. The company eventually merged with the Studebaker Corporation in 1954, and the last Packard was made in 1958.
Following the company relocation to Detroit, the Packard brothers focused on making automotive electrical systems via the Packard Electric Company. General Motors acquired the company in 1932, renaming it Delphi Packard Electric Systems in 1995. The company was spun off and became independent of GM in 1999. 
Packard fell ill three years before his death and spent his last 16 months at the Cleveland Clinic Hospital.
Education.
James Ward Packard attended Lehigh University, enrolling in 1880 and graduating in 1884 with a degree in mechanical engineering.
Legacy.
Packard Park in Warren, Ohio is on land donated by the Packards. Packard Lab at Lehigh University was funded by him and completed in 1929, the year after he died.
In 1927, Packard commissioned the world's most complicated watch but not to be outdone, Henry Graves Jr. surpassed his rival in 1933 to become the owner of the most complicated watch ever made, spending 60,000 SF, nearly five times the price paid by Mr. Packard. It took over three years, and the most advanced horological technique in engineering this truly one-of-a-kind timepiece; only one watch was ever built. Complications included a perpetual calendar with phases and age of the moon, indication of sunrise and sunset, and a celestial chart depicting the constellations of stars in the sky over Packard's home in Ohio. Called "the Supercomplication" and designed and built by Patek Philippe, an ultra-complicated (with 24 functions) pocket-watch for Henry Graves, Jr. who entered into a friendly horological competition with James Ward Packard, which resulted in the production of the watch (known as "The Supercomplication") sold to Mr. Graves in 1933. This pocket watch, "the Supercomplication" was held in the Museum of Time near Chicago, IL for years until it was sold at Sotheby's for a record breaking $11,002,500 to a secretive anonymous in New York City on December 2, 1999. [http://www.webcitation.org/5uSIx9lk4 WebCitation archive. The watch currently resides in the Patek Phillippe Museum in Geneva, Switzerland and is the most expensive single piece on display.[http://most-expensive.net/pocket-watch]

</doc>
<doc id="20485783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485783" title="Squires of San Quentin">
Squires of San Quentin

Squires of San Quentin is a 1978 American short documentary film produced by J. Gary Mitchell. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. The film was shot in San Quentin State Prison and depicts "The Squires," inmates who attempt to convince troubled children to avoid criminal behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="20485790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485790" title="Tunstall railway station">
Tunstall railway station

Tunstall railway station was located on the Potteries Loop Line and served the town of Tunstall, Staffordshire. The station closed down along with the Potteries Loop Line in 1964. 
The station has been demolished and the site is now part of the Potteries Greenway, although the station master's house is still in existence, located on the A527 road.

</doc>
<doc id="20485803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485803" title="Rockpalast Live (Harry Chapin DVD)">
Rockpalast Live (Harry Chapin DVD)

Rockpalast Live is a DVD of Harry Chapin performing on German music television show "Rockpalast" on April 12th, 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20485818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485818" title="Zimmerman Field">
Zimmerman Field

Zimmerman Field was a stadium located in Albuquerque, New Mexico. It opened in 1938 and hosted the University of New Mexico Lobos football team until they moved to University Stadium in 1960. The stadium continued in use for intramural sports until 1969, when it was demolished to make way for new academic facilities.
The stadium held 16,000 people at its peak and was located on the central campus just south of Zimmerman Library, where Ortega Hall, the Humanities building and Woodward Hall currently stand. It featured a three-story Pueblo Revival-style grandstand designed by John Gaw Meem on the west side of the field, located where the CERIA building currently stands. The stadium was constructed using Public Works Administration funds on the site of University Field, which had been in use by the football team since 1892, and was named after James F. Zimmerman, who was president of the University from 1927 to 1944.
The stadium was also briefly the first home of the University of New Mexico School of Law, which occupied four rooms of the second floor of the grandstand from 1947 to 1952, when it moved to the first Bratton Hall, now the Economics building next to the University House.

</doc>
<doc id="20485838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485838" title="Ricardo Campello">
Ricardo Campello

Ricardo Campello (born July 16, 1985) is a Brazilian-born professional windsurfer. He began windsurfing after moving to Venezuela, quickly progressing to become three-time world freestyle champion in 2003, 2004 and 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20485845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485845" title="Cissus antarctica">
Cissus antarctica

"Cissus antarctica" (synonym "Cissus oblongata"), called "kangaroo vine", is one of the best known species of the genus Cissus in the family of Vitaceae. It is a climbing plant, a vine, and comes from Australia.
Cultivation.
"Cissus antarctica" is often used as a vine in subtropical climates, such as California, as an ornamental plant in gardens.
Kangaroo vine also is a popular interior or houseplant, a well adapted plant, even in subdued light. It doesn't do well above 15°C, especially when exposed to central heating, which can cause the leaves to drop. 

</doc>
<doc id="20485849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485849" title="Ohio State Route 310">
Ohio State Route 310

Ohio State Route 310 (SR 310) is a north–south state route in the central portion of Ohio. The highway extends from its southern terminus at SR 204 south of the hamlet of Etna to the northern terminus at SR 37 approximately southeast of Johnstown.
Route description.
SR 310 starts at a T-intersection with SR 204 in Liberty Township in rural northern Fairfield County. Little more than north of SR 204, SR 310 meets Palmer Road, which straddles the Fairfield-Liberty County Line. Less than after crossing into Licking County's Etna Township, SR 310 arrives at a diamond interchange with Interstate 70 (I-70). 
North of I-70, SR 310 enters into the hamlet of Etna, passing by a few residential streets before arriving at a signalized intersection with the four-lane divided U.S. Route 40 (US 40). For the next mile, SR 310 passes by a mix of residential subdivisions and open fields. At the Refugee Road intersection, SR 310 enters Pataskala. SR 310 continues to traverse both houses and open space for approximately the next . At that point, SR 310 continues into Pataskala along Main Street through a heavily residential portion of the city, en route to intersecting SR 16.
Meeting SR 16 (Broad Street) at a T-intersection, SR 310 turns east and follows SR 16 for one block, to the Township Road intersection. There, SR 310 resumes its northerly trek, and passes along the eastern edge of Broadview Golf Course, through the County Road 28 intersection. North of there, SR 310 enters a more rural setting, while serving as the eastern city limits of Pataskala. Through this area, SR 310 continues to pass by the occasional residential subdivision. SR 310 passes through a "staggered" intersection Hollow Road, then upon meeting Township Highway 148, SR 310 becomes the boundary between Jersey Township and St. Albans Township. Continuing through farmland, with scattered houses along the way, SR 310 arrives at the Morse Road (County Road 25) intersection. Further north, SR 310 goes by the Willow Run Golf Course. At the northeast corner of that golfing facility, SR 310 meets SR 161.
Northerly from SR 161, SR 310 turns entirely into St. Albans Township, now traversing a mix of woods and open space, while passing the occasional residence. Through this stretch, SR 310 intersects Jersey Mill Road (County Road 91), Jug Street (County Road 22) and County Road 33, and crosses over the Raccoon Creek. SR 310 then passes into Licking County's Liberty Township before arriving at its northern terminus at SR 37.
History.
When established in 1932, SR 310 existed entirely within Licking County. At the time, it only extended across the portion of its current routing from US 40 in the hamlet of Etna to SR 16 in Pataskala.
In 1937, SR 310 underwent extensions at both the southern and northern ends of the route. To the south, SR 310 was extended into Fairfield County to its current southern terminus at a then newly extended SR 204. North of Pataskala, SR 310 was designated along a previously un-numbered road up to a junction with SR 37 southeast of Johnstown.

</doc>
<doc id="20485872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485872" title="Community television">
Community television

Community television is a form of mass media in which a television station is owned, operated and/or programmed by a community group to provide television programs of local interest known as local programming.
Community television stations are most commonly operated by non-profit groups or cooperatives. However, in some cases they may be operated by a local college or university, a cable company or a municipal government.
Community television by country.
Bangladesh.
Bangladesh NGOs Network for Radio and Communication is promoting the advocacy with the government in relations to community Television with other organizations since its emergence from 2011. BNNRC has been addressing the Community Television access issue for over a decade, helping to bridge the information gap in Bangladesh
Canada.
Most community channels in Canada are owned and operated by cable companies, as a requirement of license imposed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC). However, due to the state of concentration of media ownership in Canada, whereby the vast majority of Canada's conventional television stations are now owned by national media conglomerates and offer very little locally oriented programming, terrestrial community channels began to emerge in the 2000s in many smaller markets not directly served by their own commercial television stations. Community channels of this latter type are generally operated by local non-profit groups.
Ireland.
Community Television is in its infancy in Ireland. Licensing is administered by the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland. Saorview launched on 31 October 2010 giving an addition platform for Community television, however so far Community TV is only available on UPC's Irish cable and Multichannel Multipoint Distribution Service (MMDS) network. The main broadcasters are P5TV (UPC 801), Cork Community TV (UPC 802) and DCTV (UPC 803). These groups produce content and then they can have it transmitted by an organisation that has a license to broadcast (Terrestrial television or Cable Television).
As well as the above, there are also web based channels which are likely to become more dominant in the not too distant future as broadband coverage and quality improves (and as the technologies converge). Examples of these are Teilifis Gaeltacht Muscrai (TGM) based in the rural Irish speaking WestCork Gaeltacht, and Fingal Community TV based in Dublin.
United Kingdom.
[http://www.swindonviewpoint.com]
United States.
Public-access television is a form of non-commercial mass media where ordinary people can create content which can be viewed through cable TV systems. Public-access television is often grouped with Educational-access television and Government-access television (GATV) channels, by the acronym PEG. PEG Channels are typically only available on cable television systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20485904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485904" title="James Packard">
James Packard

James Packard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20485920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485920" title="Paul F. Velleman">
Paul F. Velleman

Paul F. Velleman is a Professor of statistics at Cornell University. 
Biography.
Velleman got his Bachelor's Degree at Dartmouth College, and a PhD. at Princeton University.
He is the author and designer of the multimedia statistics CD-ROM, ActivStats, for which he was awarded the EDUCOM Medal for innovative uses of computer in teaching statistics, and the ICTCM Award for Innovation in Using Technology in College Mathematics. He developed the statistics program, Data Desk and the Internet site Data and Story Library (DASL), which provides datasets for teaching statistics.
Books.
He is co-author (with Richard De Veaux and David Bock) of the books, Intro Stats, Stats: Modeling the World, and Stats: Data and Models, and the co-author (with David Hoaglin) of ABCs of Exploratory Data Analysis.
Paul has taught Statistics at Cornell University since 1975. He is a Fellow of the American Statistical Association and of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.

</doc>
<doc id="20485930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485930" title="Aztec Bowl (stadium)">
Aztec Bowl (stadium)

Aztec Bowl was a football stadium (a Works Progress Administration project) on the San Diego State University campus in San Diego, California. 
History.
Aztec Bowl hosted the San Diego State University Aztecs football team until they moved to Qualcomm Stadium in 1967. The stadium held 12,592 people at its peak and cost $500,000 to build. It was dedicated on October 3, 1936 before 7,500 people, after being completed earlier that year. The stadium was initially supposed to be expanded to 45,000 seats, but instead was only expanded once with 5,000 seats in 1948. Aztec Bowl was the only state college stadium in California at the time of its construction.
Current use.
Currently Viejas Arena (formerly Cox Arena), the school's basketball arena, sits on the site of the stadium.
National Register of Historic Places.
Aztec Bowl is listed on the National Register of Historic Places: The old concrete bleachers of the football stadium were not demolished when the new arena was built. John F. Kennedy, then the President of the United States of America, gave the graduation commencement address at San Diego State University on June 6, 1963.
In commemoration, the arena was built on top of the steps from which people listened to President Kennedy. The bleachers can be clearly seen from the arena's parking lot on the outside and in the storage areas under the arena seats on the inside of the arena.
There has been a request to remove the stadium from the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20485936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485936" title="Earle Brucker, Sr.">
Earle Brucker, Sr.

Earle Francis Brucker, Sr. (May 6, 1901 – May 8, 1981) was an American catcher, coach and interim manager in Major League Baseball. After a long minor league career in the Pacific Coast and Western leagues — and after missing three full seasons (1927–29) in his prime due to arm trouble — Brucker was an unusually old rookie player in the Major Leagues. He made his debut on April 19 1937, not quite three weeks shy of his 36th birthday.
Born in Albany, New York, Brucker threw and batted right-handed, stood (180 cm) tall and weighed 175 pounds (79 kg). He made his first appearance in professional baseball in 1924 for the Seattle Indians of the Pacific Coast League, but it would be 13 years before he would reach the majors. He was even a playing manager in the Western League during this apprenticeship.
He played his entire MLB career (1937–1940; 1943) for the Philadelphia Athletics and served as a coach under legendary A's manager Connie Mack for nine full seasons, 1941–1949. In 241 total games, he batted .290 in 707 at bats, with 12 home runs and 105 runs batted in. In , his best campaign, Brucker batted .374 with 64 hits in 171 at bats, three homers and 35 RBI. During his long tenure with Philadelphia, he also witnessed the brief Major-League career of his son, Earle Brucker, Jr., also a catcher, who appeared in two games for the Athletics at the end of the season.
After leaving the A's, Brucker Sr. coached for the St. Louis Browns (1950) and the Cincinnati Reds (1952). During the latter season, from July 30 to August 3, he served as interim manager of the Reds for five games during the transition between Luke Sewell and Rogers Hornsby as Cincinnati's permanent manager. His sixth-place Reds won three of five during his brief tenure. Following that season, Brucker managed in the Reds' farm system for two additional campaigns before leaving the game.
In 1960, Brucker was also inducted by the San Diego Hall of Champions into the Breitbard Hall of Fame honoring San Diego's finest athletes both on and off the playing surface. Earle Brucker, Sr., died in San Diego, California, at age 80.

</doc>
<doc id="20485959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485959" title="England Squash">
England Squash

England Squash is the governing body of Squash and Racquetball in England. Its objects are to promote and develop Squash and to advance and safeguard the interests of the sport and the governing body. It was founded on 1928 and is headquarter at The National Squash Centre in Manchester.
Squash clubs, coaches, tournaments and players in Great Britain can be found on www.englandsquash.com, the official website of England Squash.

</doc>
<doc id="20485972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485972" title="OSAMI-E">
OSAMI-E

The research project OSAMI-E is the Spanish subproject of the European ITEA "2" project OSAMI (Open Source AMbient Intelligence).
The aim of the international project OSAMI is the design of a basic, widely applicable SOA-oriented component platform, its development, test and its provision as open source software. The project consists of a number of national sub-projects, each focussing on a certain field of application.
OSGi and Web Services forms the technical basis of the OSAMI platform in order to implement distributed, dynamically configurable, vendor-neutral and device-independent solutions.
The Spanish sub-project OSAMI-E, funded by the Spanish Ministry of Industry, Tourism and Commerce, contributes to different transversal areas such as engineering, architecture, tools and security and with demonstrators in the fields of education, geographic information systems, sensor networks, digital home and mobile services.
General information.
The main objective of OSAMI is to connect technologically vertical markets on the basis of an open platform and, hence, to facilitate the market entry for small and medium-sized enterprises (SME). 

</doc>
<doc id="20485976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485976" title="1976 St. Louis Cardinals (NFL) season">
1976 St. Louis Cardinals (NFL) season

The 1976 St. Louis Cardinals season was the 57th season the team was in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 11–3, winning only ten games. This was the first time in three seasons the team did not qualify for the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="20485979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485979" title="Dae (film)">
Dae (film)

Dae is a 1979 Yugoslavian short documentary film directed by Stole Popov. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20485981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485981" title="Amadeus Revenge">
Amadeus Revenge

Amadeus Revenge is a music-based shoot 'em up created by System Editoriale s.r.l. in 1988 for the Commodore 64. The game was developed using the SEUCK ("Shoot'Em-Up Construction Kit").
Summary.
In this game the player plays the part of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart or Amadeus as he is known in the game. The goal of the game is to complete Mozart's famous "Piano Concerto No. 25", (K. 503), referred to in-game as simply "Concerto in C". To do this the player must navigate Amadeus across reams of sheet music while eliminating the conflicting notes produced by rival musicians. As a rival musician produces a conflictory note it is reproduced within the game score at the appropriate tone.

</doc>
<doc id="20485997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485997" title="Pin Hook, Texas">
Pin Hook, Texas

Pin Hook is an unincorporated community located in northeast Lamar County, east of Paris, Texas. 
References.
References:
William A Owens, This Stubborn Soil, New York, Scribner 

</doc>
<doc id="20485999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20485999" title="Oak Mounds">
Oak Mounds

The Oak Mounds is a large prehistoric earthwork mound, and a smaller mound to the west. They are located outside Clarksburg, in Harrison County, West Virginia.
Mounds.
These mounds have never been totally excavated but they were probably built between 1 and 1000 CE by the Hopewell culture mound builders, prehistoric indigenous peoples of eastern North America. The larger mound is about 12 feet high and 60 feet in diameter. A number of burials of important persons of the culture probably occurred in these mounds.
Site.
An incorrectly worded historical marker sign is located on Virginia Route 98 near the Veterans Administration Hospital. The sign errounously states the direction the mounds are in relative to the sign itself, however the mounds are actually to the west, on the far side of the West Fork River, and not "Directly to the east..." The sign's entire inscription reads: "Oak Mounds - Directly to the east are two earthen, domed burial mounds. The larger mound is some sixty feet in diameter and twelve feet high. Excavations in 1969 revealed flint tools, pottery shards and skeletal remains of two individuals. Site dates to about 100 BC, late Woodland Period."

</doc>
<doc id="20486006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486006" title="Alabama Crimson Tide football, 1980–89">
Alabama Crimson Tide football, 1980–89

__NOTOC__
After the most dominant decade in school history, the 1980s marked a period of transition for the Alabama Crimson Tide. After posting the last of his 13 SEC Championships at Alabama in 1981, 1982 marked the final season for legendary coach Paul "Bear" Bryant. The rest of the decade saw an eclectic mix of struggles and success, including another SEC title in 1989.
1980.
A 6–3 loss to Mississippi State ended Alabama's all-time school record 28-game winning streak and all-time SEC record 27-game conference winning streak. It also cost the Tide a share of the SEC championship, the first time since 1976 they failed to win the SEC. It was Alabama's first loss to Mississippi State since 1957. Despite surrendering 35 points to Ole Miss, the Alabama defense still allowed only 98 points for the entire season. 
1981.
Alabama recovered from a shocking upset loss to a 1–10 Georgia Tech team to win its ninth SEC title in eleven years (shared with Georgia). It was Bama's 18th SEC championship, and the 13th and last conference title for Paul "Bear" Bryant at Alabama. Alabama's 28–17 win over Auburn was Coach Bryant's 315th career victory, breaking the then all-time record held by Amos Alonzo Stagg. This record is currently held by Bobby Bowden. Alabama's Cotton Bowl Classic loss to Texas dropped the Tide's all-time record against the Longhorns to 0–7–1.
1982.
Alabama was 5–0 after beating Penn State 42-21, with the decisive play coming when a Penn State player blocked his own team's punt. But after that it was all downhill. Paul Bryant's last season as Alabama football coach saw a nine-game winning streak against Auburn and eleven-game winning streaks against Tennessee and LSU all come to an end. The loss to Southern Miss was Alabama's first loss in Tuscaloosa since 1963, breaking a 57-game win streak in Bryant-Denny Stadium. Coach Bryant retired after Alabama's bowl victory against Illinois and died one month later, on January 26, 1983.
1983.
Ray Perkins, who played as a wide receiver for Coach Bryant in the 1960s, became the new head coach at Alabama. The Tide suffered a controversial 34–28 loss to Penn State when tight end Preston Gothard was ruled out of bounds after appearing to catch a game-tying touchdown pass with eight seconds left in the fourth quarter. Bama avenged the previous year's losses to LSU and Southern Miss but lost to Tennessee and Auburn again and had to settle for the Sun Bowl, where they beat SMU.
1984.
In 1984 Alabama went 5–6, its first losing season since the Tide went 2–7–1 in 1957 under J.B. Whitworth. This season ended Alabama's streak of 25 consecutive bowl appearances. Lowlights included blowing a 17-point lead in a season-opening loss to Boston College (and their quarterback, Doug Flutie, who went on to win the 1984 Heisman Trophy), a third consecutive loss to Tennessee in which the Tide blew a 14-point fourth quarter lead, and Alabama's first and loss to Vanderbilt since 1969. However, Alabama fans got a big consolation prize with an upset Iron Bowl victory over archrival Auburn to end the season, denying the Tigers a berth in the Sugar Bowl.
1985.
Highlights of the 1985 season included a dramatic last-second comeback on Labor Day against Georgia at the beginning of the season and, at the end, possibly Alabama's most dramatic Iron Bowl victory ever. A game that Bama led 16–10 after three quarters saw four lead changes in the fourth quarter, including two in the final minute. It ended with Van Tiffin's 52-yard field goal as time expired to give Alabama a 25–23 victory. Tiffin's field goal is remembered simply as "The Kick".
Due to NCAA sanction that led to the forfeit of Alabama's 1993 17–17 tie with Tennessee, and college football's adoption of an overtime that does not allow ties, the 14–14 tie with LSU remains the last official tie in school history.
1986.
The Crimson Tide rose to as high as #2 in the rankings but lost to eventual national champion Penn State and lost out on an SEC title after losses to LSU and Auburn. Highlights of the season included Alabama's first ever victory over Notre Dame and a 56–28 victory over Tennessee that snapped a four-game losing streak to the Vols. After the season, Ray Perkins left to become head coach of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
1987.
New coach Bill Curry led Alabama to a wildly uneven season that included remarkable lows (a 31-point loss to Notre Dame, a shutout loss to Auburn, an embarrassing loss to Memphis) and dramatic highs (victories over Penn State, Tennessee and LSU).
The Tide played all home games this season at Legion Field in Birmingham while Bryant-Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa was in the midst of a major expansion.
1988.
Alabama suffered close losses to LSU and Auburn in November but possibly the low point of the season was a 22–12 loss on Homecoming to Mississippi, Alabama's first ever loss to Mississippi in the state of Alabama. The Tide had zero yards passing in the game. Highlights included a victory over Penn State, Alabama's third straight win over Tennessee, and a come-from-behind 29–28 victory in the Sun Bowl over Army in which quarterback David Smith threw for 412 yards, an all-time bowl record for an Alabama quarterback.
Alabama's road game against Texas A&M, originally scheduled for September 17, was postponed to December 1 when Coach Curry declined to make the trip, worried about oncoming Hurricane Gilbert. When Gilbert made landfall in Mexico and the weather in College Station was clear on gameday, A&M fans called Alabama's coach "Chicken Curry". 
1989.
Alabama won its first ten games en route to its best record since 1980 and first SEC championship since 1981, and 19th overall. Highlights included beating Mississippi 62–27 after falling behind 21–0, beating Tennessee 47–30 in a match of unbeatens, and a 17–16 victory against Penn State in which Alabama blocked an 18-yard field goal try with 13 seconds left for the win. However, in the season finale against Auburn—the first Iron Bowl ever played at Auburn, Alabama—the Tigers beat Alabama 30–20. Alabama, Auburn and Tennessee finished in a three-way tie for the conference championship. Miami won the national championship after beating Alabama 33–25 in the Sugar Bowl. After the season was over, coach Bill Curry quit and took the head coaching job at Kentucky. 

</doc>
<doc id="20486012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486012" title="Maritime Security Patrol Area">
Maritime Security Patrol Area

The Maritime Security Patrol Area (MSPA) is specified patrol zone in the Gulf of Aden. Its borders are unmarked, but are a narrow, rectangular corridor between Somalia and Yemen, within the northern sector of the gulf. The MSPA was established 22 August 2008 by the Combined Task Force 150, (CTF-150) a multinational, coalition naval task force in order to deter de-stabilizing activities, including piracy within this maritime geographical area. The establishment of the MSPA was directed by the Commander, United States Naval Central Command.

</doc>
<doc id="20486016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486016" title="Koryo Celadon">
Koryo Celadon

Koryo Celadon is a 1979 American short documentary film directed by Paul Raimondi about Goryeo dynasty pottery. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20486041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486041" title="Tadeusz Pyka">
Tadeusz Pyka

Tadeusz Pyka (May 17, 1930 – May 23, 2009) was a former Polish communist politician, who served as a Deputy Prime Minister of Poland. In August 1980, he led a government commission which attempted to end a strike in the Polish city of Gdańsk, but he was replaced on August 21 without an explanation offered by state radio at the time for the change.
Political career.
Pyka was educated in the engineering of metallurgy. Pyka was a deputy to the Sejm, the Polish legislative body, for three consecutive terms from 1972 to 1980. In 1974, he became a deputy to the Chairman of the Planning Commission of the Central Committee of the Polish United Workers Party. He was also a Deputy Prime Minister of Poland from October 23, 1975 to August 24 1980, and a member of the Central Committee of the Polish United Workers Party until 1980. In 1980, he was also briefly a deputy to a member of the Politburo of the Polish United Workers' Party. During the period of martial law in Poland in 1981 he was interned for a year and had charges pressed against him.
Gdańsk negotiations.
In August 1980, due to economic difficulties, workers in the Polish city of Gdańsk went on strike. Around the middle of that month, the Polish government declared that it had created a commission that would converse with the strikers. The commission was led by Pyka, who was a relative newcomer to the inner circle of the communist Polish United Workers' Party, and a "junior man" when compared to Poland's other Deputy Prime Ministers. He was described as a "minor Party functionary" and a "close ally of Edward Gierek", the First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Polish United Workers' Party. Pyka stated that he would have "nothing to do" with the Inter-Enterprise Strike Committee, the main representative body of the Gdańsk strikers, especially with members Lech Wałęsa and Andrzej Gwiazda, as well as Anna Walentynowicz. Pyka argued that the Strike Committee was illegal, and that it did not represent the workers it claimed to. He was replaced as leader of the commission with Mieczysław Jagielski on August 21. Polish state radio at the time gave no explanation as to why Pyka was replaced.
Post-political career.
He was a professor of economics at the Górnośląska Wyższa Szkoła Handlowa in Katowice. He died on May 23, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20486072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486072" title="Goodwin Stadium">
Goodwin Stadium

Goodwin Stadium was a stadium in Tempe, Arizona. It hosted the Arizona State University Sun Devils football team until they moved to Sun Devil Stadium in 1958, as well as the team for local Tempe High School until 1969. The stadium held 15,000 people at its peak and was opened in 1936. A parking garage now stands where the stadium once was.

</doc>
<doc id="20486085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486085" title="Stanton Delaplane">
Stanton Delaplane

Stanton Hill ("Stan") Delaplane (12 October 1907 – 18 April 1988) was a travel writer, credited with introducing Irish coffee to the United States. Called "last of the old irreplaceables" by fellow-columnist Herb Caen, he worked for the "San Francisco Chronicle" for 53 years, for which he was awarded a Pulitzer Prize.
Early life.
Delaplane was born in Chicago, Illinois, and attended high school there and in Santa Barbara and Monterey, California.
Career.
Delaplane's career as a journalist began as a writer for "Apertif Magazine" from 1933 to 1936, when he joined the San Francisco Chronicle as a reporter He won the Pulitzer Prize for Reporting in 1942 for a depiction of the State of Jefferson, a state that residents of far northern California and southern Oregon proposed semi-seriously in order to publicize their grievances. He also won National Headliner Awards in 1946 and 1959. In 1944 and 1945 he served as a war correspondent in the Pacific Ocean theater of World War II.
Irish coffee.
After drinking Irish coffee at Shannon Airport in Ireland, Delaplane convinced Jack Koeppler, then owner of the Buena Vista Cafe in San Francisco, to start serving it at his bar. On November 10, 1952, the two spent hours perfecting the Irish method for floating the cream on top of the coffee, reportedly to the point where Delaplane almost passed out on the cable car tracks outside.
Postcards.
Beginning in 1953 Delaplane published a syndicated humorous travel column called "Postcards". In later years Delaplane would write his travel dispatches (which he called "postcards") from his home on Telegraph Hill, finishing them over a martini and cigarettes by the piano at the Washington Square Bar and Grill before sending them to the newspaper building by messenger. His writing style was characterized by very short sentences and sentence fragments, which he said was for the benefit of San Francisco Municipal Railway riders who had to read the paper while being jostled by the commuter train. He was known for exaggerating and sometimes fictionalizing his stories, and wrote often of the North Beach neighborhood and various eccentric people who lived in San Francisco. About his writing style, British commentator Alistair Cooke wrote, "Stanton Delaplane wrote like a young and happy and wholly successful pupil of Hemingway. He rarely wrote sentences of more than six or seven words and he could go weeks without calling on an adjective. His peculiar magic, which I often probed into and never discovered, was to keep these bare sentences rollicking along in the most effortless way, running as clean as spring water over the bed of a brook. He could not help being an entertaining writer and that is a gift that very few writers indeed can legitimately claim from the double-domed philosophers to the light-weight journalists."
Ding dong daddy.
Delaplane's second Headliner award was for a semi-fictionalized account of Francis Van Wie, a Muni conductor arrested for bigamy for keeping 18 wives. Delaplane promoted the story into a nationwide sensation, calling Van Wie "The Ding-Dong Daddy of the D Car Line" after a popular Louis Armstrong song, "Ding Dong Daddy of Dumas" (in reality, Van Wie never worked on the D line). The story inspired the American swing revival band the Cherry Popping Daddies to write a new song about Van Wei, "Ding-Dong Daddy of the D Car Line", which Warren Sapp and Kym Johnson performed as part of their second place finish in "Season 7" of Dancing With The Stars.
Delaplane's final column ran the day he died, and was a reminiscence of old days in North Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="20486089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486089" title="Nails (film)">
Nails (film)

Nails is a 1979 Canadian short documentary film directed by Phillip Borsos. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
The subject of the film was simply the manufacturing process used to make nails.

</doc>
<doc id="20486105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486105" title=".416 Taylor">
.416 Taylor

The .416 Taylor is a rifle cartridge. According to Ken Waters in "Pet Loads", it was created by Robert Chatfield-Taylor in the early 1970s, with the first rifle in this caliber being a factory barreled Winchester Model 70. The case is based on the .458 Winchester Magnum necked down to accept .416 caliber bullets.
Usage.
The .416 Taylor uses a bullet diameter. With maximum loads, the cartridge is capable of propelling a bullet at an average of from a barrel yielding a muzzle energy of . The work on this caliber (performed by Waters) was done with an experimental factory Ruger Model 77. He reported that an absolute maximum load of certain listed powders would push a bullet to , thereby equaling (and perhaps exceeding) the performance of the .416 Rigby (presuming moderate temperatures and barometric pressures). Waters also reported that bullets could exceed when propelled by certain listed powders. Under normal hunting conditions, the Taylor cartridge is therefore capable of taking any of the largest and most dangerous game animals in the world. 
Reports from various internet gunboards indicate that shooters and gunsmiths are rebarreling Browning BAR .338 Winchester Magnum rifles with .416 Taylor barrels thereby creating semi-automatic hunting rifles in a true dangerous game caliber.
Origin.
The cartridge was created to replace the magnum length .416 Rigby which at that time was nearly obsolete, with a cartridge that would fit into a standard length bolt-action rifle. The shorter action rifles are not only easier to carry in heavy cover, but also make it more convenient to carry more ammunition. The advantages to cartridges in .416 inch bullet diameter are that they generally present the shooter with less recoil and flatter trajectory than the larger .458 caliber dangerous game rifles (like the .458 Winchester Magnum). They also have more striking power and penetration than medium bores like the .375 H&H Magnum. The Taylor cartridge is simply a necked down .458 Winchester Magnum with no changes. They have the same shoulder height and angle as the .264 Winchester Magnum. As of January 2011 the 416 Taylor is now a SAAMI standardized cartridge, and is offered as a standard production item by A-Square.

</doc>
<doc id="20486119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486119" title="North Carr Lightship">
North Carr Lightship

North Carr is the last remaining Scottish lightship. She is in length, in beam and 250 tons.
The purpose of the vessel was to warn mariners by sight, light or sound of the dangers of the North Carr rocks which are situated 1.7 miles off Fife Ness at the turning point for vessels entering the Forth from the North and bound for the Tay. The "North Carr" is currently berthed in the Victoria Dock, Dundee, awaiting restoration as an exhibition space.
History.
She was built by A. & J. Inglis Ltd, Pointhouse Shipyard, Glasgow in 1932, and launched in April 1933. In service she was anchored off Fife Ness until 1975. From then she served as a tourist attraction in Anstruther Harbour. She is the third and last vessel to carry the name - the first was borrowed from Trinity House London the English counterpart of Northern Lighthouse Board. The second was purpose built in Dundee, reported to have sat so low in the water that her decks were always awash and the only way up to the light was up a rope ladder in the rigging - no mean feat at the best of times. 
She created quite a stir in Edinburgh on account of her fog horn being tested while lying at ¾ mile outside Granton in the Firth of Forth. As the fog horn had a range of approximately 10 miles, north Edinburgh could hear it loud and clear and the complaints to the Office, Newspapers and Police were numerous - particularly as it was being sounded in clear weather. "Hundreds of city dwellers have had no sleep over three consecutive nights"; "The most flagrant individual breach of the peace is as nothing compared with the ceaseless boom and consequent suffering of the past three nights"; "Firth of Forth torment"; "An Edinburgh grievance which has left rankling memories in the selection of Granton for the fog horn test" were typical of statements made and written at the time.
On 8 December 1959, the lightship was the subject of a tragic rescue mission. After the lightship broke her moorings and began to drift in heavy seas, the Broughty Ferry lifeboat (The "Mona") was launched. Her crew of eight was lost when the Lifeboat capsized. The Lightship and its crew survived and after repair was towed back to its station.
Fate.
The lightship was used as a museum in Anstruther for years after she left service. She was saved from the scrapyard in 2010 and funds are being sought by the Taymara charity to restore her as an exhibition space on the Dundee waterfront. 

</doc>
<doc id="20486122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486122" title="History of the University of California, Berkeley">
History of the University of California, Berkeley

The history of the University of California, Berkeley, can be traced the establishment of the private College of California and its merger with the Agricultural, Mining, and Mechanical Arts College to form the University of California in 1868.
Founding.
In 1866, the land that comprises the current Berkeley campus was purchased by the private College of California. Because it lacked sufficient funds to operate, it eventually merged with the state-run Agricultural, Mining, and Mechanical Arts College to form the University of California. The university's charter was signed by California Governor Henry H. Haight on March 23, 1868. Professor John Le Conte was appointed interim president, serving until 1870 when the Board of Regents elected Henry Durant, the founder of the College of California. 
The university opened in September 1869 using the former College of California's buildings in Oakland as a temporary home while the new campus underwent construction. In 1871, the Board of Regents stated that women should be admitted on an equal basis with men. With the completion of North and South Halls in 1873, the university relocated to its Berkeley location with 167 male and 222 female students. In 1874 the first Woman to graduate from the University of California was by the name of Rosa L. Scrivner with a Ph.B in Agriculture.
Early development.
Starting in 1891, Phoebe Apperson Hearst, mother of William Randolph Hearst, made several large gifts to Berkeley, endowing a number of programs, sponsoring an international architectural competition, and funding the construction of Hearst Memorial Mining Building and Hearst Hall. Levi Strauss was another notable donor in 1897. In 1899, the University came of age under the direction of Benjamin Ide Wheeler, the University's President until 1919. In 1905, the "University Farm" of Berkeley was formed near Sacramento, ultimately becoming UC Davis. UC Berkeley's reputation grew as President Wheeler succeeded in attracting renowned faculty to the campus and procuring research and scholarship funds. The campus began to take on the look of a contemporary university with Beaux-Arts and neoclassical buildings, including California Memorial Stadium (1923) designed by architect John Galen Howard; these buildings form the core of UC Berkeley's present campus architecture. 
In the 1910s, Berkeley had a significant role in the Indian independence movement, when Indian students studying at the university took an active part in forming the radical Ghadar Party - especially in publishing its paper, The Hindustan Ghadar, beyond the reach of the British colonial police in India. 
Robert Gordon Sproul assumed the presidency in 1930 and during his tenure of 28 years, UC Berkeley gained international recognition as a major research university. Prior to taking office, Sproul took a six-month tour of other universities and colleges to study their educational and administrative methods and to establish connections through which he could draw talented faculty in the future. The Great Depression and World War II led to funding cutbacks, but Sproul was able to maintain academic and research standards by campaigning for private funds. By 1942, the American Council on Education ranked UC Berkeley second only to Harvard University in the number of distinguished departments.
Because the Agricultural, Mining, and Mechanical Arts College (a public institution formed in 1866) was created by the state legislature after it took advantage of the federal Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act of 1862, the first male undergraduates at the new University of California were required to serve two hours per week for four years being trained in tactics, dismounted drill, marksmanship, camp duty, military engineering, and fortifications. In exchange for California's share of , North Hall, which no longer exists, housed an armory. In 1904, the service requirement was dropped to two years, and in 1917, Cal's ROTC was established more or less as it exists today with ROTC programs for the four main branches of the military. The university president's report from 1902 states that "The University Cadets from last year numbered no less than 866. Appointments as second lieutenants in the regular army have been conferred upon several men who have distinguished themselves as officers in the University Cadets. It is very much to be hoped that the War Department will establish permanently the policy of offering such appointments to the graduates of each year who show the highest ability in military pursuits." Commander Chester W. Nimitz established the Naval ROTC at Cal in the fall of 1926. Transferred in June 1929, Captain Nimitz left a unit of 150 midshipmen enrolled with a staff of six commissioned and six petty officers.
World War II.
During World War II, Ernest Orlando Lawrence's Radiation Laboratory in the hills above Berkeley began to contract with the U.S. Army to develop the atomic bomb, which would involve Berkeley's cutting-edge research in nuclear physics, including Glenn Seaborg's then-secret discovery of plutonium (Room 307 of Gilman Hall, where Seaborg discovered plutonium, would later be a National Historic Landmark). UC Berkeley physics professor J. Robert Oppenheimer was named scientific head of the Manhattan Project in 1942. Along with the descendant of the Radiation Lab, the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, the University of California originally managed and is now a partner in managing two other labs of similar age, Los Alamos National Laboratory and Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, which were established in 1943 and 1952, respectively.
From 1943 to 1946, Berkeley was one of 131 colleges and universities nationally that took part in the V-12 Navy College Training Program which offered students a path to a Navy commission.
The military increased its presence on campus to churn out recruits from the officer training corps. The army program took over Bowles Hall, a dormitory, and the naval program took over the International House, the Student Co-op Barrington Hall, and several fraternities for its trainees. By 1944, more than 1,000 navy personnel were studying at Cal, roughly one out of every four male Berkeley students. Former secretary of defense Robert McNamara and former Army chief of staff Frederick C. Weyand are both graduates of Cal's ROTC program. With the end of the war and the subsequent rise of student activism, the California Board of Regents succumbed to pressure from the student government and ended compulsory military training at Berkeley in 1962.
1950s and 1960s political influences.
During the McCarthy era in 1949, the Board of Regents adopted an anti-communist loyalty oath to be signed by all University of California employees. A number of faculty members objected to the oath requirement and were dismissed; ten years passed before they were reinstated with back pay. One of them, Edward C. Tolman—the noted comparative psychologist— has a building on campus named after him housing the departments of psychology and education. An oath to "support and defend the Constitution of the United States and the Constitution of the State of California against all enemies, foreign and domestic" is still required of all UC employees.
In 1952, the University of California became an entity separate from the Berkeley campus as part of a major restructuring of the UC system. Each campus was given relative autonomy and its own Chancellor. Sproul assumed the presidency of the entire University of California system, and Clark Kerr became the first Chancellor of UC Berkeley.
1960s and the Free Speech Movement.
UC Berkeley’s reputation for student activism was forged in the 1960s, beginning with the Free Speech Movement in 1964. An impromptu response to the university’s ban on campus political activity, the Free Speech Movement led to the formal establishment of students’ freedom of expression. Student protests continued through the Vietnam War era in the 1960s, as campuses across the nation spoke out against American involvement in the war. 
Perhaps the most publicized event in Berkeley was the People's Park protest in 1969, which was a conflict between the university and a number of Berkeley students and city residents over a plot of land on which the university intended to construct athletic fields. A grassroots effort by students and residents turned it into a community park, but after a few weeks, the university decided to reclaim control over the property. Law enforcement was sent in and the park was bulldozed, setting off a protest. California governor Ronald Reagan — who had said in his gubernatorial election campaign that he would clean up the perceived unruliness at Berkeley and other university campuses — called in National Guard troops and more violence erupted, resulting in over a dozen people hospitalized, a police officer stabbed, a bystander blinded, and the death of one student. The university ultimately decided not to develop People’s Park, though it remains the owner of the property.
Present day.
Today, students at UC Berkeley are generally considered to be less politically active than their predecessors, and far more liberal than the surrounding city of Berkeley. In a poll conducted in 2005, 51% of Berkeley freshmen considered themselves liberal, 37% considered themselves moderate, and 12% identified as conservative. 43.8% have no religious preference compared to a national average of 17.6%. In 1982, 20.8% identified as conservative, 32.9% identified as liberals, and 46.4% identified as moderate. Although Republicans are in the minority, the Berkeley College Republicans is the largest political organization on campus. Democrats outnumber Republicans on the faculty by a ratio of nine to one, leading to some conservative student criticism of the faculty for teaching with a liberal bias. 
Although considered a liberal institution by some, various human and animal rights groups have protested the research conducted at Berkeley. Native American groups contend that the university's dismantling of the Phoebe A. Hearst Museum of Anthropology's repatriation unit demonstrates unwillingness to comply with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act, while Berkeley officials say the museum's reorganization complies with the law and will involve all museum staff in the repatriation process. Animal-rights activists have taken to committing various acts of vandalism and intimidation against faculty members whose research involves the use of animals. Additionally, the university's response to a group of tree sitters protesting the construction of a new athletic center has galvanized some members of the local community, including the city council, against the university. Plans to renovate Memorial Stadium in a way that would eliminate a view of the field from the surrounding hills also have encountered opposition from alumni and others who have regularly watched Cal football games for free. 
As of 2006, the 32,347-student university needed more capital investment just to maintain current infrastructure than any other campus in the UC system, but as its enrollment is at capacity, it often receives less state money for improvement projects than other, growing campuses in the system. As state funding for higher education declines, Berkeley has increasingly turned to private sources to maintain basic research programs. In 2007, the oil giant BP donated $500 million to Berkeley and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign to establish a joint research laboratory to develop biofuels, the Hewlett Foundation gave $113 million to endow 100 faculty chairs, and Dow Chemical gave $10 million for a research program in sustainability to be overseen by a Dow executive.
BP Deal.
The $500 million ten-year contract between UC Berkeley, the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and BP (formerly BP Amoco), one of the world’s largest energy production companies, officially went into effect Wednesday November 14, 2007 following approval by a majority of the faculty. The grant is the largest in the University’s history. The deal has garnered criticism from some students and faculty who claim the agreement was negotiated in secret, and that it threatens Berkeley’s reputation as an autonomous and democratic institution of higher learning. Supporters of the deal, on the other hand, assert that the infusion of capital from the venture will benefit the campus as a whole at a time when public universities are dealing with increasing cuts in State and Federal funding. They also point out that the BP deal focuses on developing alternative energy, an important issue in today's world.
Nuclear physicist and BP Chief Scientist Steve Koonin began the process that led to BP’s selection of Berkeley as a co-recipient of the grant. Berkeley faculty and graduate students will aid BP scientists in designing and implementing genetically modified plants and microbes which can be used in the Bio-fuel industry. The deal is controversial among some UC Berkeley faculty, with some professors including Ignacio Chapela and Miguel Altieri who claim that the project will displace farmland needed for food crops in poor nations and replace them with patented crops owned by multinational corporations, and others including Randy Schekman speaking out in support of the deal.
In March 2007 the UC Regents, who signed the deal, voted to build a new research facility to house the Energy Biosciences Institute (EBI), BP’s chosen name for the project. University officials describe it as "the first public-private institution of this scale in the world."
Names.
At the time of its founding, Berkeley was the first full-curriculum public university in the state of California and thus was known as the "University of California". As occurred in other states with only a single major public university, "University of California" was frequently shortened to "California" or "Cal", for ease of identification. Because the school's long sports tradition stretches back to an era before the founding of the other University of California branches, its athletic teams continue to be designated as "California Golden Bears", "Cal Bears", or simply, "Cal".
As a reflection of the University of California's development into a multi-institutional university system, the term "University of California" is no longer applied to the campus outside of varsity sports; the official name is "University of California, Berkeley". Informally, the campus is called "UC Berkeley", "Berkeley", or "Cal", which are all official variations. The term "University of California" has come to refer to the entire University of California system. The campus office for trademarks disallows the use of "Cal Berkeley", though it is occasionally used colloquially. Unlike most University of California campuses, which are commonly known by their initials, usage of "UCB" is discouraged (as is "University of California at Berkeley"), and the domain name is berkeley.edu. While ucb.edu and ucberkeley.edu are also registered by the school, they are not actively used.
Berkeley is sometimes confused with Berklee College of Music, a private music school in Boston, Massachusetts, or Berkeley College, a private college with campuses in New York and New Jersey; it is neither affiliated with these colleges nor is it directly associated with Berkeley Technologies, Inc. 

</doc>
<doc id="20486128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486128" title="Andreas Alm">
Andreas Alm

Andreas Alm (born 19 June 1973 in Gällivare and grew up in Eskilstuna) is a Swedish former football player. He is the current Manager of AIK and also a former player for the club. During his active career he played for the two Stockholm rivals AIK and Hammarby IF in the Swedish Allsvenskan. He also played for IFK Norrköping in the Swedish Superettan and also in Norway and Kongsvinger IL for a short time.
After his active career he showed up in Swedish television as a football commentator in the national channel TV4.
On 27 November 2008 he was appointed as a new assistant manager for AIK following the departure of former assistant Nebojša Novaković earlier the same month in protest against the board’s decision to sack Rikard Norling. Together with other assistant manager Christer Swärd and manager Mikael Stahre, AIK managed to win both Allsvenskan and Svenska Cupen during their first year together. 
The following year, AIK started by winning the Supercupen against the recent league runners-up IFK Göteborg. But the rest of the season became a big disappointment, and Stahre left the club for Greek outfit Panionios G.S.S. in April 2010. Alm remained as assistant manager during caretaker Björn Wesström's stay and later appointed Alex Miller's stay. When Miller and AIK during mutual consent split up, Alm later on was appointed as AIK's new manager in December 2010. Novaković rejoined the team staff as assistant manager together with Swärd.

</doc>
<doc id="20486134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486134" title="Tully Gymnasium">
Tully Gymnasium

The Bobby Tully Gymnasium is a 2,500 seat multi-purpose arena, in Tallahassee, Florida, that opened in 1956. It is the home of the Florida State University Seminoles volleyball team. Prior to the Donald L. Tucker Center opening in 1981, it was home to the men's basketball team as well. The arena played host to The Rolling Thunder Revue Tour on April 27, 1976, headed by Bob Dylan.

</doc>
<doc id="20486135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486135" title="Living Other Lives">
Living Other Lives

Living Other Lives is a novel by the American writer Caroline Leavitt set in 1990s New York City and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It tells the story of Lilly Bloom, who after her fiance's accidental death just before their marriage, drives his unruly daughter, Dinah, 15, from Manhattan to the Pittsburgh home of her deceased fiance's mother.

</doc>
<doc id="20486148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486148" title="P. Surya Prakash">
P. Surya Prakash

The Right Reverend P. Surya Prakash is the Bishop of the Karimnagar Diocese of the Church of South India. The "Cathedra" of the Bishop is placed in Wesley Cathedral in Karimnagar.
Surya Prakash also served as a Council Member of the Council of Senate of Serampore College (University), India's first University "(a University under Section 2 (f) of the University Grants Commission Act, 1956)"with degree-granting authority validated by a Danish Charter and ratified by the Government of West Bengal.
Early years.
Surya Prakash was born in Dudgaon in Nizamabad District in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India to Smt. Guyyani Sundaramma and Sri Perumalla Prakasham who realised the need for education and sent him to Wesley Boys High School, Secunderabad from where he completed schooling and pre-university studies in 1968. Thereafter he enrolled at the Nizam College under Osmania University and earned a degree (B.A.) in English in 1972.
Prakash is a communicant member of the Diocese of Medak of the Church of South India.
Divinity.
During the incumbency of H. D. L. Abraham, then Bishop - in - Medak "(1968–1975)", Surya Prakash evinced interest in pursuing a priestly vocation and was sent to the United Theological College, Bengaluru in 1972. The College was then headed by Joshua Russell Chandran. Surya Prakash completed the graduate degree of Bachelor of Divinity (B. D.) in 1976 during the Registrarship of D. S. Satyaranjan at Bengaluru. Christopher Asir and J. W. Gladstone presently heading the Church of South India while also pursuing theology at the same College during that period. 
Ordination & Pastorship.
Soon after Surya Prakash's return to his Diocese, he was assigned a Deacon's role in Parishes of the Diocese of Medak. He was posted at Varni near Nizamabad and was ordained later by the then Bishop - in - Medak, B. G. Prasada Rao "(1976–1981)" as a Presbyter on 31 July 1977 in the Medak Cathedral in Medak after which he was made Presbyter - in - Charge in Adilabad.
Higher Studies.
Post-graduate.
Prakash wanted to pursue further studies in theology and was again sent to the United Theological College, Bengaluru where he enrolled for the post-graduate degree of Master of Theology (M. Th.) in the discipline of New Testament in 1980 and studied under J. G. F. Collison Prakash's classmates included Prasanna Kumari Samuel of the Andhra Evangelical Lutheran Church.
Surya Prakash also went to Boston University, Boston, Massachusetts and had an exposure at the Boston University School of Theology where he was also Student Chaplain at the United Methodist Church of All Nations
By the year 1982, Surya Prakash was awarded an M. Th. in New Testament by the Senate of Serampore College (University).
Prakash was then re-assigned a ministerial role in the Diocese of Medak as Presbyter - in - Charge in Bellampalli.
Research.
In the year 1987, during the Bishopric of Victor Premasagar "(1982–1992)", the Old Testament Scholar, Surya Prakash was sent for higher studies to Bielefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany where he pursued a doctoral degree (Dr. Theol.) in Homiletics under the India-born Traugott Stählin
The dissertation submitted was entitled ""The Preaching of Sadhu Sundar Singh: A Homiletic Analysis of Independent Preaching and Personal Christianity"" which was later published in 1991.
Professorship.
The United Theological College, Bengaluru, then under the Principalship of the Biblical Scholar "(Old Testament)" E. C. John, Dr. Theol. (Heidelberg), invited Surya Prakash to serve on its faculty. Surya Prakash taught Practical Theology from 1991 - 2000. Prakash continued to don the priestly mantle. He was Associate Presbyter at St. Peter's Telugu Church, Mission Road and at St. Marks Cathedral, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Bangalore.
In 1993 during the Principalship of Gnana Robinson Prakash was sent to Princeton Theological Seminary, New Jersey for a course in Speech Communication in Ministry and Worship
Sabbatical.
During the academic year 1997 - 1998, the Professor went on a sabbatical as Visiting Professor to San Francisco Theological Seminary, San Anselmo and thereafter to Germany to the historical Mission Seminary in Hermannsburg. He also taught at his "alma mater" Kirchliche Hochschule Bethel, Bielefeld before returning to Bengaluru.
Stint at EMS.
While teaching at the Seminary in Bengaluru, the Evangelisches Missionswerk in Südwestdeutschland (EMS) - "(Association of Churches and Missions in South Western Germany)", Stuttgart invited Surya Prakash to be its Liaison Secretary for India in 2000. The then Principal of the Seminary, O. V. Jathanna relieved him while the Diocese of Medak under B. P. Sugandhar "(1993–2008)" loaned the services of Surya Prakash to the EMS, Stuttgart. Surya Prakash began monitoring partnership between the EMS and the Church of South India. He was also made the Deputy General Secretary of the EMS in 2002.
While at Stuttgart, Surya Prakash was also on the Chaplaincy
With the end of the term of Surya Prakash at the EMS, he returned to Medak Diocese in 2005 and was made Presbyter-in-Charge of Church of St. John the Baptist, Secunderabad.
Bishopric.
The Diocese of Karimnagar had seen four Bishop's since its erection post 1950. Bishops B. Prabhudass, G. B. Devasahayam, K. E. Swamidass and John Theodore provided stable leadership.
The current predecessor S. John Theodore, M. Th. (Serampore), is a Biblical Scholar who pursued post-graduate studies in Old Testament at the Seminary in Bengaluru under E. C. John as early as 1973.
Theodore also happens to be a member of the Society for Biblical Studies in India in which Surya Prakash is also a member. On attaining superannuation, John Theodore vacated the seat as Bishop in Karimnagar paving way for fresh elections.
Surya Prakash, although belonging to the neighbouring Medak Diocese, contested and was elected unopposed. The then Moderator of the Church of South India, B. P. Sugandhar principally consecrated Surya Prakash as Bishop - in - Karimnagar on 26 March 2007 at the Wesley Cathedral, Karimnagar.
Lambeth Conference.
The Church of South India (CSI)is an autonomous body in the Anglican Communion headed by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Lambeth. Bishop's of the CSI also participate in the decennial Lambeth Conference. Bishop Surya Prakash attended the fourteenth Lambeth Conference held at the University of Kent, Kent from 16 July - 3 August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20486158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486158" title="Times Media Group">
Times Media Group

Times Media Group is a media company in South Africa, formerly known as Johnnic Communications, then Avusa. Avusa means "to rouse feelings, to revive and evokes action". The name was changed in 2007 in order to avoid confusion between Johnnic Communications and Johnnic Holdings.
In 2012, Avusa was acquired by a unit of Mvelaphanda Group and renamed Times Media Group, which was then relisted on the JSE. In 2013, Times Media Group acquired the remaining 50% of BDFM from Pearson.
Critizism.
Some publications have seen repeated reports of poor customer management.

</doc>
<doc id="20486179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486179" title="Île Marc">
Île Marc

Île Marc is one of the Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada. It lies in the Boyer Strait, south of Massey Island, and north-west of Alexander Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20486183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486183" title="Jack Nusan Porter">
Jack Nusan Porter

Dr. Jack Nusan Porter is a writer, sociologist, human rights and social activist, treasurer and former vice-president of the International Association of Genocide Scholars. He is a former lecturer of social science at Boston University and a former Research Associate in Ukrainian Studies at Harvard University. His most recent books include "Genocide and Human Rights", "The Genocidal Mind", and "Is Sociology Dead?"
Biography.
Nusia Jakub Puchtik was born December 2, 1944, in Rovno, Ukraine to Jewish-Ukrainian partisan parents Faljga Merin and Srulik Puchtik. The family emigrated to the United States on June 20, 1946 and their name was Anglicized to Porter.
Growing up in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Porter was active in Habonim Dror, a Labor Zionist Youth movement growing up. He left for Israel soon after high school and worked on Kibbutz Gesher Haziv and in Jerusalem. Porter eventually returned to Wisconsin and attended the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee. Majoring in sociology, he was accepted in 1967 to Northwestern University. In the late 1960s, Porter was an active leader in the moderate wing of Students for a Democratic Society. However, in response to the growing anti-Zionism emanating from the black and white leftist movements, Porter and other students at Northwestern founded in 1970 the activist Jewish Student Movement, a forerunner to all Jewish “renewal” groups and predecessor to Michael Lerner’s Tikkun movement.
Also in the late 1960s Porter founded The Spencer Institute For Business and Society; a new age think tank. Also incorporated into the Spencer Institute For Business and Society was the Ahimsa Project.
In his forties Porter was ordained a rabbi by an Orthodox Vaad in New York City, attending the trans-denominational Academy for Jewish Religion in Manhattan in the late 1990s; after which he served congregations in Marlboro and Chelsea, Massachusetts and most notably in Key West, Florida, where he led a controversial Jewish outreach program to native Key Westers known as “Conchs”, northeastern U.S. “Snowbirds”, Miami’s Jewish, Cuban, and intermarried “Jewban” populations, transvestites, gay and lesbian parishioners.
In the spring of 2012 Porter ran for the U.S Congress for the 4th Congressional seat in Massachusetts. His run for office was mentioned briefly in The New Yorker article, April 9, 2012, "Talk of the Town: The campaign Trail: Write-In", pp. 23-24.

</doc>
<doc id="20486187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486187" title="Remember Me (1979 film)">
Remember Me (1979 film)

Remember Me is a 1979 American short documentary film produced by Dick Young. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20486215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486215" title="List of Masdevallia species">
List of Masdevallia species

Masdevallia is a genus of orchids (Orchidaceae), containing about 500 species. 
While several genera have been included in "Masdevallia" in the attempt to make it a natural monophyletic group, "Jostia", "Spilotantha" and "Teagueia" have been split off in the process. Not all authors accept this decision at present, and the final consensus remains to be established on this matter.
L.
Luer (Ecuador) [Spilotantha?] -->

</doc>
<doc id="20486222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486222" title="Evel Knievel (film)">
Evel Knievel (film)

Evel Knievel is a 1971 motion picture starring George Hamilton as motorcycle daredevil Evel Knievel.
Story.
The story is a biography of the famed motorcycle daredevil, who grew up in Butte, Montana. The film depicts Knievel reflecting on major events in his life, particularly his relationship with his girlfriend/wife, Linda. The film opens with Knievel at the Ontario Motor Speedway in Ontario, California. Knievel is speaking directly to the camera describing his upcoming daredevil motorcycle jump:
Following his introduction, the story follows a flashback narrative through Knievel's life.
The film ends with Knievel successfully completing the jump at the Ontario Motor Speedway and riding off onto a dirt road which leads to the edge of Grand Canyon. (At the time of production, the real Evel Knievel was hyping a jump over the Grand Canyon.)
Monologue.
As the movie closes over the Grand Canyon, George Hamilton delivers a voice-over monologue in the Knievel character. In the monologue, he describes himself as the "last gladiator", which would later be used by the real Evel Knievel in his 1998 documentary, "The Last of the Gladiators".
Below is a transcript of the monologue from the movie:
Production.
A script had been written by a writer, but George Hamilton was not happy with it. He offered to pay John Milius $5,000 to write some lines in the script. Milius says he went to Hamilton's home at Palm Springs to read the script "and it was terrible. So I threw the script in the pool and beat on it with an air. And of course the script was waterlogged, so I just wrote another one. He later told me he knew that if I got down there with that script I'd write another one."
Milius says Knievel "saw himself as the new gladiator of the new Rome, something larger than a daredevil. He saw the whole spectacle of civilization and the absurdity of what it's turned into, and he fit into that."
Milius later called Hamilton "a wonderful guy, totally underrated. A great con-man, that's what he really is. He always said, 'I'll be remembered as a third-rate actor when in fact, I'm a first-rate con man'."
The picture was directed by Marvin J. Chomsky and was released on September 10, 1971. The screenplay was written by Alan Caillou who had written the screenplay for Jack Starrett's "The Losers" also for Joe Solomon's Fanfare Films and John Milius. George Hamilton was producer and Evel Knievel worked as an advisor to the production. Much of the film was shot in Butte, Montana. Actual footage of Knievel jumping his motorcycle was used throughout the film. Additionally, Knievel performed a series of new jumps at the Ontario Motor Speedway for the production, including a spectacular record jump of 129 feet over 19 cars that was included in the film (Knievel held the record for jumping a Harley-Davidson motorcycle over 19 cars for 27 years, until broken by Bubba Blackwell in 1998). Knievel received a flat rate of $25,000 for his rights and the consulting fee.
The motion picture has fallen out of copyright and is in the public domain. The most common version of the film (available on DVD and various streaming media) is from a faded 16 mm print. Scratches on both the audio and video track are easily detectable.
The music is conducted by Patrick Williams. The title song, "I Do What I Please", is played throughout the film, including the opening and closing credits, and the montage of the real Evel Knievel's stunt riding.

</doc>
<doc id="20486224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486224" title="Stadionul ANEFS">
Stadionul ANEFS

ANEFS Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Bucharest, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Rocar Bucureşti. The stadium holds 6,000 people.
It was also known as "Rocar Stadium", but after ANEFS bought the stadium it renamed it.

</doc>
<doc id="20486229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486229" title="Prestonwood Country Club">
Prestonwood Country Club

Prestonwood Country Club is a private country club in Cary, North Carolina, located near Research Triangle Park (RTP) and Raleigh-Durham International Airport (RDU). The country club's amenities include 54 holes of golf, nine tennis courts, a full-service fitness and aquatics center, dining service and event space for various occasions. Prestonwood has played host to numerous national golf events including the SAS Championship and the Jimmy V Celebrity Golf Classic.
History.
Prestonwood Country Club opened on Memorial Day, 1988, offering a pool and fitness center. Later that summer, the club debuted 27 holes of golf. In 1991, the club was purchased by private investor, who then decided to expand Prestonwood by building more homes and roads. By early 1996, the club had expanded to 54 holes of golf, a driving range, three practice greens and a short game area. The country club rebuilt the pool and fitness center, which now consists of 8,000 sq. ft. of space. 
In 2003, the club also added new tennis courts at a satellite location. In 2005, Prestonwood built a 60,000 sq. ft. addition to their clubhouse, including a grand ballroom and men's locker room. Other additions included a renovated golf pro shop, ladies locker room and card room.
Facilities.
Golf: Prestonwood Country Club is the only private club in the area to boast 54 holes of championship golf. All three courses were designed by Tom Jackson by have been recently renovated green complexes by Jack Nicklaus protégé Rick Robbins. 
Fairways: Opened in January 1995 (renovations completed Sept. 2010) . The course yardage is 6,475 with a rating/slope of 71.2/134. 
Meadows: Opened in August 1988 (renovations completed Sept. 2009). The course yardage is 7,108 with a rating/slope of 74.6/138. 
Highlands: Opened in January 1993 (renovations completed Sept. 2011). The course yardage is 7,082 with a rating/slope 74.4/138. 
In addition, it has a driving range, three practice greens, and a short game area. The club utilizes a full-service golf pro shop with five PGA Golf Class A professionals and three assistant professionals
Events.
SAS Championship: The SAS Championship is a Champions Tour event that has been hosted by Prestonwood since 2001. The course plays at about 7,137 yards and is a mix of the Highlands and Meadows courses.
Jimmy V Celebrity Golf Classic: The tournament, named after the late Jim Valvano, was started to support cancer research. It was played at Prestonwood Country Club for 13 years starting in 1994. While at Prestonwood the tournament raised over $12 million and drew in such celebrities as Michael Jordan, Bob Costas and Kevin Costner.

</doc>
<doc id="20486256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486256" title="Byam Channel">
Byam Channel

The Byam Channel () is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago within Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. It separates Melville Island (to the west) from Byam Martin Island (to the east). To the south it opens into the Parry Channel, and to the north are the Byam Martin Channel and Austin Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20486266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486266" title="Squeaky Wheel Buffalo Media Arts Center">
Squeaky Wheel Buffalo Media Arts Center

Squeaky Wheel is a grassroots, artist-run non-profit media arts center in Buffalo, NY, founded in 1985 to promote and support film, video, computer, digital and audio art by media artists and community members.The center provides low-cost access to video and film equipment rental, editing suites, workshops, and screenings of independent and avant-garde film and video. Squeaky Wheel is supported in part by the Baird Foundation, the Children's Foundation of Erie County, the Peter C. Cornell Trust, the Experimental Television Center, the Fund for the Arts, Hodgson Russ LLP, M&T Bank, National Endowment for the Arts, New York State Council on the Arts, the John R. Oishei Foundation, Starbucks Foundation and our members.
History.
The Squeaky Wheel began with the closing of the Media Study Buffalo in 1985. The closing of this artist-run nonprofit organization threatened to leave an enormous gap in the cultural life of the city, since it had been the area’s primary center for independent feature film screenings, hands-on workshops, and equipment access since 1971. Its closure coincided with another landmark event: a statewide series of town meetings held by the Media program of the New York State Council on the Arts. People were upset that the funding that had flowed into the Western New York area was going to be lost because it was flowing through an organization that had been lost. Town meetings were used as a sounding board to let the state agencies know the extent of the media community and the degree to which people in Buffalo really needed the support.
What emerged, after several follow-up meetings and much considered discussion of process and procedure, was dubbed Squeaky Wheel in playful homage to its contentious origins. 
With a diverse group of working artists as its founding board and nationally prominent video artist Julie Zando elected its first Director, the Wheel was ready by the fall of 1987 to roll into its first of three storefront homes, on Potomac Avenue in the shadow of Elmwood. The three ongoing aims of the organization were in place from the start: getting cameras and editing equipment into the hands of emerging and established film and video makers at the lowest feasible cost, teaching people how to use these resources, and providing a space where finished and unfinished work could be exhibited.
Staff & Board.
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
DIRECTOR OF PROGRAMMING & OUTREACH
TECHNICAL DIRECTOR
YOUTH EDUCATION COORDINATOR
ACCOUNTANT
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
ADVISORY BOARD
INTERNS

</doc>
<doc id="20486267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486267" title="Fatima Zakaria">
Fatima Zakaria

Fatima Zakaria (Hindi/Konkani: फ़ातिमा ज़कारिया) was an editor of the Mumbai Times, and Sunday editor of The Times of India, and is now the editor of the "Taj" magazine of the Taj Hotels. Her office is in the Taj Mahal Hotel in Mumbai.
Family.
She is the second widow of Rafiq Zakaria, who was an Indian politician and Islamic religious cleric.
Fatima Zakaria is the step-mother or mother of four step-children or children: The eldest, Tasneem Zakaria Mehta, art historian and writer, living in Mumbai, the second, Mansoor Zakaria, the third, Arshad Zakaria runs a hedge fund, and the youngest Fareed Zakaria is an editor of Newsweek, an anchor on CNN, and an Alumni Fellow of Yale College.
Career.
Rafiq Zakaria established The Maulana Azad Education Trust in the historic city of Aurangabad Maharashtra India. It was his Assembly Constituency from which he got elected quite a few times and served as a Minister in the State cabinet. Fatima transformed those educational institutions in Aurangabad to such an extent that they can be compared with the best centres of learning in Asia.
Zakaria joined the Taj Group of Hotels to establish the first rate five star Hotel, The Taj Residency, on the campus of The Maulana Azad Education Trust in Aurangabad. She became editor of the coffee table magazine "Taj". Thereafter, she introduced a Hotel Management Course in alliance with a British University. The course is acknowledged as the finest and most respected in India. She is on the board of Indian Institute of Hotel Management Aurangabad 
She is in the process of establishing a Centre for Higher Learning on the lines Centre for Advanced Studies, Shimla. It will become functional from June 2010 and will help genuine scholars and academicians to carry on research activities. The upcoming Centre will also launch two research journals, one for Social Sciences and the other for Natural and Exact Sciences. Zakaria, is regarded as a secularist, however she takes special care to cater to the educational needs of the Muslims.
The award Padma Shri was conferred on her by the Government of India in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20486271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486271" title="Valentin Yumashev">
Valentin Yumashev

Valentin Yumashev (, b. 15 December 1957, in Perm, Soviet Union) is a Russian journalist, politician and businessman-developer, member of the inner circle of President Boris Yeltsin. He was Editor-in-Chief of Ogonyok in 1995-1996. In 1996, he was appointed adviser to President Boris Yeltsin for public relations. In March 1997, Yumashev succeeded Anatoly Chubais in the powerful position of the Chairman of the Presidential Executive Office. In December 1998, he was dismissed from that position. He now works in real estate development.
Valentin Yumashev and his wife Tatyana Yumasheva (daughter of the first president of Russia Boris Yeltsin) own half of the tower Imperia Tower in "Moscow International Business Center" and half of the business center of "CITY" (49.58% of shares) .
Yumashev's wife, Yumashev himself and their daughter have been citizens of Austria since 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20486317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486317" title="Whistle (decontamination solution)">
Whistle (decontamination solution)

Whistle is the registered trade name of a chemical mixture used in the demilitarization of chemical warfare agents. It is a liquid which can be used to replace sodium hypochlorite or sodium hydroxide in some applications.

</doc>
<doc id="20486334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486334" title="Elma Roane Fieldhouse">
Elma Roane Fieldhouse

The Elma Roane Fieldhouse is a 2,565 seat arena in Memphis, Tennessee. It is the home of the University of Memphis Tigers women's basketball and volleyball teams. Prior to the Mid-South Coliseum opening in 1966, it was also home to the men's basketball team as well. The arena opened in 1951 and is named after Elma Roane, a former coach and administrator of the Tigers women's teams who helped return women's sports to varsity status in 1972-73. The arena was dedicated to Elma Neale Roane in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20486340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486340" title="Dürre Ager">
Dürre Ager

The Dürre Ager River flows through the "Attergau" area in Upper Austria from South to North and joins the Vöckla River at Timelkam. Thereby the river reaches a length of appr. 22.5 km. In the middle course it passes through Sankt Georgen im Attergau. The water has B quality.

</doc>
<doc id="20486348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486348" title="Austin Channel">
Austin Channel

The Austin Channel () is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut. It separates Byam Martin Island (to the south) from Melville Island (to the west) and the Alexander and Bathurst Islands (to the north-east). To the north it opens to the Byam Martin Channel, to the south-west to the Byam Channel, and to the south-east to the Viscount Melville Sound (part of the Parry Channel).

</doc>
<doc id="20486351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486351" title="Jimmy's Stars">
Jimmy's Stars

"Jimmy's Stars" is a young-adult novel by the American writer Mary Ann Rodman. 
It is set in 1943 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania against the backdrop of World War II and tells the story of eleven-year-old Ellie McKelvey, protagonist of this novel. Her older brother Jimmy, however, is drafted and she and her family struggle to keep up their hope for him.

</doc>
<doc id="20486376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486376" title="RAF Mount Batten">
RAF Mount Batten

RAF Mount Batten was a Royal Air Force station and flying boat base at Mount Batten, a peninsula in Plymouth Sound, Devon. England. Originally a seaplane station opened in 1917 as a Royal Navy Air Service Station Cattewater it became RAF Cattewater in 1918 and in 1928 was renamed RAF Mount Batten. The station motto was "In Honour Bound".
Today, little evidence of the RAF base remains apart from several memorials, some aviation-related road names, the main slipway and two impressive Grade II listed F-type aeroplane hangars dating from 1917.
History.
Royal Naval Air Station Cattewater.
As early as 1913 the sheltered Cattewater in Plymouth Sound was used for seaplane trials and in 1916 plans to open a Royal Navy seaplane station were agreed. In February 1917 RNAS Cattewater was opened. It had a hangar for aircraft, storage and maintenance and a stone pier with a railway track that enabled a steam crane to place the seaplanes in and out of the water. The first aircraft based there were the Short 184 and these were soon followed by other seaplanes. Operational flying was carried out from Cattewater, mainly coastal patrols.
Royal Air Force Station Cattewater.
With the formation in April 1918 of the Royal Air Force the station became RAF Cattewater. The station was little used but in 1919 the station became notable with the arrival of the Curtiss NC 4 flying boat making the first aerial crossing of the Atlantic. From 1923 the station was re-built and extended and was re-opened in 1928.
Royal Air Force Station Mount Batten.
On 1 October 1928, following re-building, the old Cattewater seaplane station was opened as RAF Mount Batten. The main reason for the new station was to provide a base for flying boats to defend south-west England. The first squadron (No. 203 Squadron RAF) became operational with the Supermarine Southampton.
The station also became a base for high-speed air sea rescue launches on which, in the 1930s, was employed Aircraftman Shaw, better known as T. E. Lawrence, who had suggested the change of name.
With the start of the Second World War there was an increase in operational flying from Mount Batten. It was also the target for a number of German air raids including the destruction of one of the hangars including a Short Sunderland on 28 November 1940. 
At the end of the war the Australian squadron departed for home and the station became a Maintenance Unit. At the end of the 1950s the station became the Marine Craft Training School and from 1961 became the main base of the RAF Marine Branch, with the closure of No. 238 MU, Calshot. Although without any aircraft, the station became the centre for both marine craft until the marine branch closed in 1986 and the School of Survival until it moved in 1992. It also housed No3 Maritime Headquarters Unit of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force providing Communications and Operations Room personnel.
RAF units and aircraft.
209 Squadron operated the following aircraft types Blackburn Iris III (1930–1932), Saro A.7 (1932), Blackburn Iris IV (1932–1934), Singapore II (1932), Southampton II (1933–1935), Perth (1934), Saro London I (1934), Supermarine Stranraer (1935), Short R.24/31 (1935).

</doc>
<doc id="20486377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486377" title="Orpheus mosaics">
Orpheus mosaics

Orpheus mosaics are found in several contexts throughout the Roman Empire. The subject is found, for example, in Woodchester in the present day United Kingdom as well as Volubilis in present day Morocco. Orpheus was a popular subject in classical art, and was also used in Early Christian art as a symbol for Christ. 

</doc>
<doc id="20486400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486400" title="Minor syllable">
Minor syllable

Minor syllable is a term used primarily in the description of Mon-Khmer languages, where a word typically consists of a reduced (minor) syllable followed by a full tonic or stressed syllable. The minor syllable may be of the form or , with a reduced vowel, as in colloquial Khmer, or of the form with no vowel at all, as in Mlabri "navel" (minor syllable ) and "underneath" (minor syllable ). This iambic pattern is sometimes called "sesquisyllabic" (lit. 'one and a half syllables'), a term coined by the American linguist James Matisoff in 1973. Outside Mon-Khmer, minor syllables are found in Burmese, where in contrast to full syllables they have the form , with no consonant clusters allowed in the syllable onset, no syllable coda, and no tone. Recent reconstructions of Proto-Tai and Old Chinese also include sesquisyllabic roots with minor syllables, as transitional forms between fully disyllabic words and the monosyllabic words found in modern Tai languages and modern Chinese.

</doc>
<doc id="20486410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486410" title="Erskine Inlet">
Erskine Inlet

The Erskine Inlet () is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Canada. It separates Cameron Island, Île Vanier, Massey Island and Alexander Island (to the west) from Bathurst Island (to the south and east).

</doc>
<doc id="20486438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486438" title="Donald Hardie">
Donald Hardie

Brigadier Donald David Graham Hardie KStJ TD is a British soldier. He was Lord Lieutenant of Dunbartonshire from 1990 to 2007. He is also an honorary vice-president of Lennox and Argyll Battalion of the Boys' Brigade, and is the Keeper of Dumbarton Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="20486440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486440" title="Religion in Haiti">
Religion in Haiti

Religion is professed by almost all Haitians: According to the CIA World Factbook, the religious demographics of Haiti is as follows: Roman Catholic 80%, Protestant 16% (Baptist 10%, Pentecostal 4%, Adventist 1%, other 1%), none 1%, other 3% (Islam, Bahá'í Faith, Judaism, Buddhism).
Christianity.
Catholicism.
The most professed denomination by far is Roman Catholicism. Similar to the rest of Latin America, Haiti was colonized by Roman Catholic European powers. Following in this legacy, Catholicism is enshrined in the Haitian constitution as the official state religion, and between 80 and 85% of Haitians are Catholics. Pope John Paul II visited Haiti in 1983. In a speech in the capital of Port-au-Prince, he criticized the government of Jean-Claude Duvalier; it is believed that the impact of this speech on the Catholic bureaucracy in Haiti contributed to his removal in 1986.
According to the Catholic Church in Haiti, the ten dioceses of the two ecclesiastical provinces of Haiti count up to 251 parishes and about 1500 Christian rural communities. The local clergy has 400 diocesan priests and 300 seminarians. There are also 1300 religious missionary priests belonging to more than 70 religious order and fraternities. Vocations to the priesthood are plentiful.
Protestantism.
The Protestant population is 16%. This includes Baptist 10%, Pentecostal 4%, Adventist 1%. There are other denominations as well.
The Episcopal Diocese of Haiti is the Anglican Communion diocese consisting of the entire territory of Haiti. It is part of Province 2 of the Episcopal Church (United States). Its cathedral, Holy Trinity (French: Cathédrale Sainte Trinité) located in the corner of Avenue Mgr. Guilloux and Rue Pavée in downtown Port-au-Prince, has been destroyed six times, including in the 2010 Haiti earthquake. It is the largest diocese in the Episcopal Church (United States), with 83,698 members reported in 2008.
Vodou.
The New World Afro-diasporic religion of Vodou is also practiced. Vodou encompasses several different traditions, and consists of a mix encompassing African, European and indigenous "Taíno" religious elements. In this way, it is very similar to other Latin American syncretist movements, such as the Cuban Santería. It is more widespread in rural parts of the country, partly due to negative stigmas attached to its practice.
According to the CIA World factbook, about 50% of the population practices Vodou. This figure is, however, contested. Note that this overlaps the practice of other religions.
Islam.
There is a small Muslim community in Haiti, mainly residing in Port-au-Prince, Cap-Haitien and its surrounding suburbs. The history of Islam on the island of Hispaniola (which Haiti shares with the Dominican Republic) begins with the slavery in Haïti.
Many Muslims were imported as slaves to Haiti. Their Islamic heritage has persisted in the culture of native Haitians. In 2000, Nawoon Marcellus, a member of Fanmi Lavalas from San Raphael, became the first Muslim elected to the Chamber of Deputies of Haïti.
Bahá'í Faith.
The Bahá'í Faith in Haiti begins with a mention by `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, in 1916 as one of the island countries of the Caribbean being among the places Bahá'ís should take the religion to. The first Bahá'í to visit Haiti was Leonora Armstrong in 1927. After that others visited until Louis George Gregory visited in January 1937 and he mentions a small community of Bahá'ís operating in Haiti. The first long term pioneers, Ruth and Ellsworth Blackwell, arrived in 1940. Following their arrival the first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly of Haiti was formed in 1942 in Port-au-Prince. From 1951 the Haitian Bahá'ís participated in regional organizations of the religion until 1961 when Haitian Bahá'ís elected their own National Spiritual Assembly and soon took on goals reaching out into neighboring islands. The Association of Religion Data Archives (relying mostly on the World Christian Encyclopedia) estimated some 21000 Bahá'ís in Haiti in 2005.
Judaism.
There is a group of Judaism predominately residing in Port-au-Prince, where the community today meets at the home of businessman billionaire Gilbert Bigio, a Haitian of Syrian descent. Bigio's father first settled in Haiti in 1925 and was active in the Jewish community. In November 1947, his father played a significant role in Haiti's support for the statehood of Israel in a vote to the United Nations. Every Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur, services are held at his residence. The last Jewish wedding to take place in Haiti occurred 10 years ago; Bigio’s daughter, while the last bris was done for his son, more than 30 years ago. Bigio owns the only Torah in all of the country, which he provides to the community for services.

</doc>
<doc id="20486448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486448" title="Charles Lynn Davies">
Charles Lynn Davies

Charles Lynn 'Cowboy' Davies (born 30 December 1929) was a Welsh international rugby union prop who played club rugby for several clubs including Llanelli and Cardiff. He won three caps for Wales.
Rugby career.
Davies played rugby from a young age and represented the Wales Schools team. As an adult, Davies played for several rugby clubs before playing for first class teams, Llanelli and Cardiff, but it was while he was with Cardiff that he was selected to represent Wales. All his international appearances were part of the 1956 Five Nations Championship, and his first match was against England under the captaincy of Cliff Morgan. Wales won the game 8-3, and Davies scored a try on his debut after a forty yard dash. Davies was reselected for the very next match against Scotland, in which Davies again succeeded in scoring a try. His final game was against Ireland, who spoiled Welsh attempts at winning the Triple Crown by beating Wales 11-3 at Landsdowne Road.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20486452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486452" title="Mahant">
Mahant

A mahant is a religious superior, in particular the chief priest of a temple or the head of a monastery. The Hindi word "mahant" is from Prakrit "mahanta"-, from Sanskrit "mahat" "great". Other titles include the priest or pundit and generally always a Brahmin, gyani, or pastor of any well-known religious place would be a mahant. In other branches of Hinduism, the mahant is an ascetic who is the head and leader of the temple and has religious responsibilities as a preacher.

</doc>
<doc id="20486458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486458" title="Craig Stammen">
Craig Stammen

Craig N. Stammen (born March 9, 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball.
Stammen grew up and still resides in North Star, Ohio, a village about south of Coldwater. He bats and throws right-handed.
Pre-professional career.
Stammen started his career in the Marion Little League, a small community based league that fostered the development of follow standouts, Cory Luebke and Kevin Selhorst. Stammen is a graduate of Versailles High School where he played football, basketball and baseball. He was named to the all-Miami Valley baseball team and was awarded Academic All-Ohio honors in 2002. He attended the University of Dayton, where he majored in entrepreneurship and business management and made 60 pitching appearances over three seasons, as well as pitching in the Great Lakes Summer Collegiate League in 2004. He was an Atlantic Ten Conference Academic All-Conference Pick in 2005. On May 19th, 2006, he was elected a member of "UDLegends", an association of the most renowned and respected graduates of University of Dayton.
Professional career.
2005.
Stammen was selected by the Washington Nationals in the twelfth round of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft and was assigned to the Vermont Expos of the short-season Single-A New York–Penn League. He made seven starts and six relief appearances, accruing an ERA of 4.06 while striking out 32 batters and allowing 12 walks and 62 hits over 51 innings.
2006.
In 2006 Stammen pitched for the Savannah Sand Gnats of the low Single-A South Atlantic League and for the Potomac Nationals of the advanced Single-A Carolina League. In 143 innings he accumulated a 4.03 ERA and struck out 109 batters while allowing 36 walks and 144 hits.
2007.
Most of Stammen's 2007 season was spent at Potomac, although he did make one appearance with the Columbus Clippers of the Triple-A International League. He pitched a total of 128⅔ innings, striking out 98 batters and yielding 57 walks and 160 hits on the way to a 4.41 ERA.
2008.
Stammen's duties in 2008 were divided among Potomac, the Harrisburg Senators of the Double-A Eastern League, and Columbus. He posted an ERA of 3.52 over 150⅔ innings, striking out 128 batters while giving up 44 walks and 143 hits. He was a member of the Carolina League Mid-Season All-Star team. On July 14 he was named Eastern League Pitcher of the Week.
2009.
Stammen started off the year with the Triple-A Syracuse Chiefs, going 4–2 with a 1.80 ERA (through 20 May 2009). He was called up to the major leagues on May 20, 2009. He had his first major league start May 21 versus the Pittsburgh Pirates and pitched 6 innings with no decision. His first major league win was June 18 versus the New York Yankees. Stammen pitched 6 innings and allowed no runs. On July 11, 2009, he pitched his first major league complete game against the Houston Astros, allowing only 2 runs on 9 hits.
Stammen continued to pitch in the starting rotation, going 4–7 with a 5.11 ERA in 19 starts, until the beginning of September when he was scratched from his scheduled September 4 start because of a sore elbow. An MRI on September 3 revealed a bone spur in the back of his right (pitching) elbow. Arthroscopic surgery was performed on September 6 and Stammen recovered in time for spring training in 2010.
2010.
After recovering from a season-ending arthroscopic surgery in September 2009 and having a successful spring training, Stammen returned to the Nationals' rotation as their number 3 starter for the 2010 season.
On June 7, Stammen was optioned to the Triple-A Syracuse Chiefs to make room on the active roster for starting pitcher Stephen Strasburg, the overall #1 draft pick in the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft.
On June 29, after going 2–0 with a 2.25 ERA in three starts for the Chiefs (the last of which he came within one out of throwing a seven-inning no-hitter, Stammen was recalled to the Nationals and returned to the starting rotation. The following night he pitched 7 innings, allowing two runs on five hits, against the first place-Atlanta Braves, stopping a Nats' 5-game losing streak in a 7–2 win.
On August 8, Stammen was assigned to the bullpen to make way in the starting rotation for Jason Marquis and Stephen Strasburg.
2011.
After spending spring training with the Nationals, Stammen was optioned to Triple-A Syracuse for the start of the 2011 season (though remaining on the Nationals' 40-man roster).
Stammen rejoined the Nationals from June 4–14 while Doug Slaten was on the 15-day disabled list. During this brief stint, he pitched 2 innings of relief in two games and was the losing pitcher in one of them.
After spending most of the summer with Syracuse, Stammen was called up again on September 6.
2012.
After a successful spring training, Stammen made the Nationals' 2012 opening day roster, serving as a long reliever. 
Stammen recorded his first career save on September 29, in a 10-inning victory against the St. Louis Cardinals.
2013.
On May 31, 2013, Stammen came in after Stephen Strasburg left with an apparent injury after the second inning. Stammen pitched four innings of perfect baseball: no hits, no runs, no walks, with three strikeouts for the win against division-leading Atlanta Braves. 
Pitching style.
Stammen is a sinkerballer. His sinker is thrown in the 90–93 mph range and is used especially frequently against left-handed hitters. Against right-handed batters, Stammen pairs his sinker with a slider in the mid 80s. The sinker is useful in inducing ground balls, while the slider is a good option for compiling strikeouts — it has a whiff rate of 46% for his career and is the pitch most responsible for his career strikeouts. Additionally, he has a curveball that is used frequently in two-strike counts, especially against left-handers. He also a four-seam fastball.
Personal Life.
Craig Stammen is a Catholic. He spoke of his faith in this 2013 interview with the National Catholic Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20486459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486459" title="Westel">
Westel

Westel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20486484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486484" title="President's House (University of Florida)">
President's House (University of Florida)

President's House, was built in 1953, and served as the primary residence for every University of Florida President until 2006 when President Bernie Machen chose to relocate his residence off campus. The facility now serves as an Alumni building.

</doc>
<doc id="20486489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486489" title="Robert Martineau">
Robert Martineau

Robert Arnold Schürhoff Martineau (22 August 1913 – 28 June 1999) was a British clergyman who was the first Bishop of Huntingdon and who was later translated to Blackburn.
Educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham, and Trinity Hall, Cambridge, he was ordained in 1938. His first post was as a curate at Melksham after which he was a World War II chaplain in the RAFVR.
When peace returned he became Vicar of Ovenden, Halifax, and then Allerton, Merseyside, before his ordination to the episcopate.

</doc>
<doc id="20486496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486496" title="Hervé Féron">
Hervé Féron

Hervé Féron (born August 3, 1956 in Luxeuil-les-Bains, Haute-Saône) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Meurthe-et-Moselle department, is a member of the Socialist Party and of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche parliamentary group.

</doc>
<doc id="20486509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486509" title="Art Monthly">
Art Monthly

"not to be confused with Art Monthly Australia."
Art Monthly is a magazine of contemporary art founded in 1976 by Jack Wendler and Peter Townsend. It is based in London and has an international scope, although its main focus is on British art. The magazine is published ten times a year (with double issues in the summer and winter) and is Britain's longest-established contemporary art magazine. 
Regular items in "Art Monthly" include feature articles, an editorial opinion column, news briefings, exhibition reviews, book reviews, an art-law column and exhibition listings. Occasional items include artist interviews, artist profiles, reviews of artists' books, films, performance, internet art, art market reports from major auctions and reports from particular events such as festivals, conferences and biennales.
Since 2007, "Art Monthly" has been expanding its website to reach a more diverse contemporary art readership.
2007 saw the publication of "Talking Art: Interviews with Artists Since 1976", in association with Ridinghouse. "Talking Art" is an indispensable collection of the best of Art Monthly's interviews since the magazine's inception in the early seventies. It provides a supplementary history of twentieth-century art from over 150 perspectives through discussions between artists and critics. Many leading practitioners have been interviewed, often at highly significant moments in their careers. The interviews provide the most immediate access to an artist's thought processes and offer compelling narratives of the changing creative process. The artist interview has occupied an important position in Art Monthly since its first issue, and the book is published as part of the magazine's 30th anniversary celebrations.

</doc>
<doc id="20486512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486512" title="Hervé Mariton">
Hervé Mariton

Hervé Mariton (born November 5, 1958 in Algiers) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Drôme department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. He speaks fluent Russian. 

</doc>
<doc id="20486515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486515" title="Surya Prakash">
Surya Prakash

Surya Prakash or Suryaprakash is one of the Indian names.

</doc>
<doc id="20486526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486526" title="Isabelle Vasseur">
Isabelle Vasseur

Isabelle Vasseur (born April 10, 1959) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Aisne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP).
She was elected on June 17, 2007 to the thirteenth legislature (2007–2012) in the 5th district of l'Aisne by beating, in the second round, Dominique Jordain with 53.96% of the votes. She thus succeeds Daniel Gard (UMP), sitting in for Renaud Dutreil, who did not represent himself.
Isabelle Vasseur is vice president of the UMP in the National Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20486527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486527" title="Lyman Heath">
Lyman Heath

Lyman Heath (misnamed in some accounts as Leonard Heath) (24 August 1804 – 30 July 1870) was an American vocalist and composer.
Heath was born in New Hampshire - the exact location is uncertain, as one source places this event in Bow, New Hampshire, while another names Lyman, New Hampshire. He married a daughter of Alexander Albee, and moved to Littleton in 1834, residing there until 1840. He worked as a shoemaker for part of each year, organizing and teaching a singing-school during the winter months. He taught at Littleton and Lyman, as well as Franconia, Sugar Hill, and Lisbon. Pupils paid one dollar each for twelve lessons. With rare exceptions, only sacred music was taught, most frequently compositions such as those by Lowell Mason and Henry K. Oliver.
Heath composed the widely anthologized poem, "The Grave of Bonaparte" with Henry Washburne. Heath was an early advocate of the Hutchinson Family singing group. He also composed the melody for "The Burial of Mrs Judson."

</doc>
<doc id="20486555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486555" title="Jacqueline Irles">
Jacqueline Irles

Jacqueline Irles (born May 24, 1957 in Perpignan, Pyrénées-Orientales) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Pyrénées-Orientales department, and is a member of the Radical Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20486560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486560" title="Naumkeag people">
Naumkeag people

The Naumkeag tribe were a Native American people that inhabited the area now part of northeastern Massachusetts. The tribe maintained its independence even as it acted as part of the Massachusett Confederacy of tribes.
The territory of the Naumkeag Indians was primarily Essex County, Massachusetts. The name is said to refer to "fishing place," from "namaas" (fish) and "ki" (place).
The name "Naumkeag" in modern usage is often used to refer to the original name for Salem, Massachusetts. Their largest tribal village was located near Salem, but the Native American use of this term applied to the "people" and not the "place."
At the time of the Great Migration to New England in the early 17th century, the Naumkeag population was already greatly depleted. They engaged in a war with the Tarrantine people beginning in 1615. A plague broke out in the area 1617 and took a particularly heavy toll with the Naumkeag people. The Tarrantines took advantage of this weakness, and further decimated their numbers, including killing their sachem, Nanepashemet, in 1619. Upon this death, the general government of the tribe was continued by his widow, the "squaw sachem." In 1633 there came another plague, probably smallpox, "which raged to such an extent as to nearly exterminate the tribe."
Numerous precautions were taken by the early Puritan settlers against Indian raids in this territory, including the construction of garrisons and posting of sentries, but there is little historical evidence that this tribe was anything but peaceful in their relationship with the Europeans. Toward the end of the 17th century, several towns in the area had secured deeds from the heirs of Nanepashemet, including Salem and Marblehead.

</doc>
<doc id="20486566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486566" title="Jacqueline Maquet">
Jacqueline Maquet

Jacqueline Maquet (born May 13, 1949) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Pas-de-Calais department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20486569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486569" title="Linda Miller (actress)">
Linda Miller (actress)

Linda Miller (born September 16, 1942) is an American film and television actress.
Career.
Miller was nominated for a Tony Award in 1975 as best supporting actress.
She had a regular role in the 1983 TV series "The Mississippi".
Is often confused with another actress with the same name who appeared in the film King Kong Escapes. That Linda Miller was an American model who was living in Japan prior to acting in films.
Personal life.
Miller is the daughter of actor and comedian Jackie Gleason, and the mother of actor Jason Patric. Her husband is the playwright/actor Jason Miller.

</doc>
<doc id="20486575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486575" title="Jacques-Alain Bénisti">
Jacques-Alain Bénisti

Jacques-Alain Bénisti (born April 10, 1952) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Val-de-Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. 
In 2011, Benisti created controversy when he publicly equated the legalization of same-sex marriage to the legalization of rape. 

</doc>
<doc id="20486581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486581" title="List of universities in the Cayman Islands">
List of universities in the Cayman Islands

This is a list of universities in the Cayman Islands:

</doc>
<doc id="20486587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486587" title="Jacques Bascou">
Jacques Bascou

Jacques Bascou (born March 13, 1953 in Castelnaudary, Aude) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the Aude department. The mayor of Narbonne, he is a member of the Socialist Party and belongs to the SRC parliamentary group.

</doc>
<doc id="20486595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486595" title="Jacques Desallangre">
Jacques Desallangre

Jacques Desallangre (born 6 September 1935 in Châlons-en-Champagne, Marne) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Aisne department, and is a member of the Gauche démocrate et républicaine. Formerly a left-wing independent, he joined the new Left Party in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20486596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486596" title="Richard Fortman">
Richard Fortman

Richard Lee Fortman (February 8, 1915 – November 8, 2008) was a champion checkers player and authority on the game.
Richard Lee Fortman was born on February 8, 1915 in Springfield, Illinois, which was his home throughout his life. His father was a telegraph operator for a railroad, and he would play checkers over the telegraph with other operators during quiet times, playing the games in their heads to avoid detection.
He started playing checkers at home with his father. He started winning these games after he started reading checkers books at the library. He entered the Illinois state checkers championship in 1933 at age 18 and finished in third place. He would go on to win the Illinois state title on six occasions between 1950 and 1978.
Fortman graduated from Springfield High School in 1933. He served in the United States Army during World War II in North Africa and Italy. After the war, he became a warehouse foreman for the Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company.
He published the seven-volume guide to the game, "Basic Checkers", considered essential reading for those interested in the game.
Fortman's specialty was correspondence checkers, in which players could take as much as two to three days to consider the board and return the next move to his opponent by postcard, with games taking as long as months or even a year. Fortman won the world postal championship in both 1986 and 1990.
He adapted to the technological changes in the game and would spend hours each day playing checkers over the internet. The first signs that he was in declining health came when he failed to respond to moves in the allotted time.
Fortman died at age 93 on November 8, 2008 in Springfield, Illinois. He was survived briefly by his wife, the former Faye Nichols, who died at age 83 on January 4, 2009. The two married on October 14, 1950 and had celebrated their 58th wedding anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="20486601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486601" title="Vöckla">
Vöckla

The Vöckla is a River in Upper Austria. It originates northeast of the Mondsee and joins the Ager River after 51 km at Vöcklabruck. The river basin is about 450 km², the medium flux 8.7 m³/sec. 
Made of several springs the River flows in northern direction first. At Frankenmarkt the direction changes to East, where it passes through Vöcklamarkt, Timelkam and finally Vöcklabruck.

</doc>
<doc id="20486607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486607" title="Jacques Domergue">
Jacques Domergue

Jacques Domergue (born 25 March 1953) is a French politician, and member of the National Assembly of France for the 1st district of the Hérault department since 2002. He is also a municipal counciller in Montpellier and has served on the regional council for Languedoc-Roussillon. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP).

</doc>
<doc id="20486613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486613" title="Jacques Grosperrin">
Jacques Grosperrin

Jacques Grosperrin (born October 17, 1955) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Doubs department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486621" title="Jacques Kossowski">
Jacques Kossowski

Jacques Kossowski (born October 11, 1940 in Paris) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the 3rd constituency of the Hauts-de-Seine department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486633" title="Jacques Lamblin">
Jacques Lamblin

Jacques Lamblin (born August 29, 1952) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Meurthe-et-Moselle department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486635" title="Bretagne Réunie">
Bretagne Réunie

Bretagne Réunie, formerly CUAB (Comité pour l'unité administrative de la Bretagne; "Committee for the administrative unity of Brittany") is a federation of associations and individuals whose goal is the administrative reunification of Brittany (the re-attachment of the Loire-Atlantique department to the region of Brittany). This department is currently part of the Pays de la Loire region.
Loire-Atlantique is a department which was created after the French revolution, taking approximately the territory of Pays nantais. Historically it was part of the nine traditional évêchés of Brittany. It is currently a part of the region of Pays de la Loire which was created in 1955.
The current president of the General Council of Loire-Atlantique, Patrick Mareschal was the first president of the CUAB. The subsequent presidents of the organisation were: Pierre-Yves Le Rhun, Jean Cevaér, Alain Grand-Guillot and Emile Granville. The current president () is Jean-Yves Bourriau.

</doc>
<doc id="20486644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486644" title="Jacques Le Guen">
Jacques Le Guen

Jacques Le Guen (born 8 March 1958 in Brest, Finistère) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Finistère department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486656" title="Jacques Le Nay">
Jacques Le Nay

Jacques Le Nay (born November 19, 1949) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Morbihan department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486665" title="Jacques Masdeu-Arus">
Jacques Masdeu-Arus

Jacques Masdeu-Arus (born August 7, 1942) was a member of the National Assembly of France. He represented the Yvelines department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486670" title="Jacques Myard">
Jacques Myard

Jacques Myard (born August 14, 1947) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Yvelines department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
Myard made international news when on July 17, 2012, just days before the vote on a new national sexual harassment bill, male lawmakers in the National Assembly including Myard hooted and made catcalls as Housing Minister Cécile Duflot, wearing a floral dress, spoke about an architecture project. Myard told L'Express that the hoots were a way of "paying homage to this woman's beauty." 

</doc>
<doc id="20486676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486676" title="Jacques Pélissard">
Jacques Pélissard

Jacques Pélissard (born March 20, 1946 in Lyon, Rhône) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Jura department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486686" title="Jacques Remiller">
Jacques Remiller

Jacques Remiller (born April 13, 1941) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Isère department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486695" title="Jacques Valax">
Jacques Valax

Jacques Valax (born August 23, 1951 in Albi, Tarn) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Tarn department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20486696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486696" title="Redlbach">
Redlbach

The Redlbach is a stream in Upper Austria with a width of 5 metres and a length of approximately 10 kilometres. It joins the Vöckla River west of Vöcklamarkt, which itself joins the Ager River. The creek is partly untreated, partly modulated with backwater area. Thanks to its excellent water quality (A grade) the creek is rich in trout. 

</doc>
<doc id="20486703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486703" title="Martín Boasso">
Martín Boasso

Martín Mariano Boasso (born on 11 April 1975 in El Trebol, Santa Fe) is an Argentine naturalized Mexican footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20486707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486707" title="Jean-Charles Taugourdeau">
Jean-Charles Taugourdeau

Jean-Charles Taugourdeau (born July 17, 1953) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Maine-et-Loire department, and is a member of the UMP parti

</doc>
<doc id="20486726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486726" title="Jean-Christophe Cambadélis">
Jean-Christophe Cambadélis

Jean-Christophe Cambadélis (born August 14, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France, born in Neuilly-sur-Seine. He represents the city of Paris, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20486737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486737" title="Jean-Christophe Lagarde">
Jean-Christophe Lagarde

Jean-Christophe Lagarde (born October 24, 1967 in Châtellerault, Vienne) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-Saint-Denis department, and is a member of the New Centre. Since 2001 he is the mayor of Drancy, Seine-Saint-Denis.
References.
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-17951859

</doc>
<doc id="20486738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486738" title="FC Unirea Slobozia">
FC Unirea Slobozia

Unirea Slobozia is a Romanian professional football club from Slobozia, Ialomiţa County, Romania.
They currently play in the Liga II, Seria I in the 2012-2013 season after finishing 1st in the 2011–12 Liga III.
History.
Unirea promoted for the very first time in history to the Liga II at the end of the 2011–12 season. The last team from Slobozia that played in the Liga II, was the old Unirea team, in the 1992–93 season.
Honours.
Liga III:

</doc>
<doc id="20486743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486743" title="Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in Castilla-La Mancha">
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in Castilla-La Mancha

The Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in Castilla-La Mancha :
Primera Autonómica Preferente.
Primera Autonómica Preferente is the fifth level of competition of the Spanish Football League in the Castilla-La Mancha.
League System.
It consists of two groups of 18 teams. 
Group winners are promoted and runners-up plays a promotion playoffs. 
Last four teams of every group are relegated.
Promotion playoff.
Playoff to decide which team is promoted to Tercera División. Teams qualified 2nd in each group play the playoff.
2nd leg.
"Zona 5 won 3–0 on aggregate and got promoted to Tercera División."

</doc>
<doc id="20486748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486748" title="Jean-Claude Beaulieu">
Jean-Claude Beaulieu

Jean-Claude Beaulieu (born June 24, 1944 in Payroux) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Charente-Maritime department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486753" title="Jean-Claude Bouchet">
Jean-Claude Bouchet

Jean-Claude Bouchet (born May 2, 1957 in Cavaillon, Vaucluse) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Vaucluse department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486765" title="Jean-Claude Flory">
Jean-Claude Flory

Jean-Claude Flory (born March 7, 1966 in Valence, Drôme) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the third legislative district of the Ardèche department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486775" title="Jean-Claude Guibal">
Jean-Claude Guibal

Jean-Claude Guibal (born 13 January 1941) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the 4th constituency of the Alpes-Maritimes department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486791" title="Jean-Claude Lenoir">
Jean-Claude Lenoir

Jean-Claude Lenoir (born 27 December 1944 in Mortagne-au-Perche) is a contemporary member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Orne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486796" title="Uncial 0267">
Uncial 0267

Uncial 0267 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 5th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Luke 8:25-27, on 1 parchment leaf (7 cm by 9.5 cm). Probably it was written in one column per page, 10 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
Text.
The text of this codex is too brief to determine its textual character. Aland did not placed it in any of Categories of New Testament manuscripts. 
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Fundación Sant Lluc Evangelista (P. Barc., inv. n. 16) in Barcelona. 

</doc>
<doc id="20486800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486800" title="1983 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1983 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1983 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA", "Bama" or "The Tide") represented the University of Alabama in the 1983 NCAA Division I-A football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 91st overall and 50th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ray Perkins, in his first year, and played their home games at both Bryant–Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished the season with a record of eight wins and four losses (8–4 overall, 4–2 in the SEC). Ray Perkins, who played as a wide receiver for Bear Bryant in the 1960s, was named as the new head coach at Alabama on December 14, 1982, to succeed Bryant after his 25-year tenure as Alabama's head coach.
After opening the season with four consecutive wins and rising to #3 in the AP poll, The Tide suffered a controversial 34–28 loss to Penn State. Trailing 34-7 entering the 4th quarter, Alabama rallied and seemed to be an extra point away from victory after tight end Preston Gothard appeared to catch a game-tying touchdown pass with eight seconds left in the game. One official signaled a touchdown but was overruled by the back judge who ruled Gothard was out of bounds. Video replay indicated otherwise, however instant replay in college football was still decades away. Bama avenged the previous year's losses to LSU and Southern Miss but lost to Tennessee and Auburn again. The Crimson Tide completed their season with a 28–7 victory over SMU in the Sun Bowl.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20486812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486812" title="1984 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1984 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1984 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA", "Bama" or "The Tide") represented the University of Alabama in the 1984 NCAA Division I-A football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 92nd overall and 51st season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ray Perkins, in his second year, and played their home games at both Bryant–Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished the season with a record of five wins and six losses (5–6 overall, 2–4 in the SEC). This marked Alabama's first losing season since the Tide went 2–7–1 in 1957 under Jennings B. Whitworth, and ended Alabama's streak of 25 consecutive bowl appearances.
Some of the more notable contests of the season included a season-opening loss to Boston College (and their quarterback, Doug Flutie, who went on to win the 1984 Heisman Trophy), a third consecutive loss to Tennessee in which the Tide gave up a 14-point fourth quarter lead, and Alabama's first loss to Vanderbilt since 1969. However, Alabama did upset Auburn 17–15 in the 1984 edition of the Iron Bowl, denying the Tigers a berth in the Sugar Bowl.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20486815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486815" title="Indo-GDR Friendship Association">
Indo-GDR Friendship Association

Indo-GDR Friendship Association was an organisation based in India, working for strengthening relations between India and the German Democratic Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20486818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486818" title="1985 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1985 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1985 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA", "Bama" or "The Tide") represented the University of Alabama in the 1985 NCAA Division I-A football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 93rd overall and 52nd season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ray Perkins, in his third year, and played their home games at both Bryant–Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished the season with a record of nine wins, two losses and one tie (9–2–1 overall, 4–1–1 in the SEC) and with a victory in the Aloha Bowl over USC.
Highlights of the 1985 season included a last-second, 20–16 comeback victory on Labor Day over Georgia to open the season. The 1985 edition of the Iron Bowl against Auburn is regarded as one of Alabama's most dramatic victories in the history of the series. In the game, Alabama led 16–10 after three quarters, but saw four lead changes in the fourth quarter, including two in the final minute. It ended with Van Tiffin's 52-yard field goal as time expired to give Alabama a 25–23 victory. Tiffin's field goal is remembered simply as "The Kick" in Alabama lore.
Due to NCAA sanctions that led to the forfeit of Alabama's 1993 17–17 tie with Tennessee, and college football's adoption of an overtime that does not allow ties, the 14–14 tie with LSU remains the last official tie in school history.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20486821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486821" title="Jean-Claude Leroy">
Jean-Claude Leroy

Jean-Claude Leroy (born June 3, 1952) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Pas-de-Calais department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20486822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486822" title="1986 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1986 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1986 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA", "Bama" or "The Tide") represented the University of Alabama in the 1986 NCAA Division I-A football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 94th overall and 53rd season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ray Perkins, in his fourth year, and played their home games at both Bryant–Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished the season with a record of ten wins and three losses (10–3 overall, 4–2 in the SEC) and with a victory in the Sun Bowl over Washington.
After opening the season with a victory over Ohio State in the Kickoff Classic, the Crimson Tide would win their first 7 games and eventually rise to as high as #2 in the rankings but lost to eventual national champion Penn State and lost out on an SEC championship after losses to LSU and Auburn. Highlights of the season included their first ever victory over Notre Dame and a 56–28 victory over Tennessee that snapped a four-game losing streak to the Vols. 
After the season, Ray Perkins resigned on December 31, 1986, to become head coach of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20486824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486824" title="1987 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1987 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1987 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA", "Bama" or "The Tide") represented the University of Alabama in the 1987 NCAA Division I-A football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 95th overall and 54th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bill Curry, in his first year, and played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished the season with a record of seven wins and five losses (7–5 overall, 4–3 in the SEC) and with a loss in the Hall of Fame Bowl to Michigan.
Due to a major renovation project that resulted in the completion of the western upper deck, Alabama played all of their home games at Legion Field instead of splitting them with Bryant–Denny Stadium for the 1987 season.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20486829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486829" title="1988 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1988 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1988 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA", "Bama" or "The Tide") represented the University of Alabama in the 1988 NCAA Division I-A football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 96th overall and 55th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bill Curry, in his second year, and played their home games at both Bryant–Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished the season with a record of nine wins and three losses (9–3 overall, 4–3 in the SEC) and with a victory in the Sun Bowl over .
Alabama suffered close losses to rivals LSU and Auburn in November but the low point of the season was a 22–12 loss on homecoming to Ole Miss, Alabama's first ever loss against Ole Miss in the state of Alabama. Alabama had zero yards passing in the game. Highlights included a victory over Penn State, Alabama's third consecutive victory over Tennessee, and a come-from-behind 29–28 victory in the Sun Bowl over Army in which quarterback David Smith threw for 412 yards, an all-time bowl record for an Alabama quarterback.
Alabama's road game against Texas A&M, originally scheduled for September 17, was postponed to December 1 when Coach Curry declined to make the trip, worried about oncoming Hurricane Gilbert. When Gilbert made landfall in Mexico and the weather in College Station was clear on gameday, A&M fans called Alabama's coach "Chicken Curry". Alabama won the rescheduled game on December 1 by a final score of 30–10.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20486832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486832" title="Jean-Claude Mathis">
Jean-Claude Mathis

Jean-Claude Mathis (born August 15, 1939 in Bouzonville, Moselle) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the 2nd constituency of Aube, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486836" title="1989 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1989 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1989 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA", "Bama" or "The Tide") represented the University of Alabama in the 1989 NCAA Division I-A football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 97th overall and 56th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bill Curry, in his third year, and played their home games at both Bryant–Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished the season with a record of ten wins and two losses (10–2 overall, 6–1 in the SEC), as SEC Co-Champions and with a loss in the Sugar Bowl against national championship winner Miami.
Alabama won its first ten games en route to its best record since 1980 and first SEC championship since 1981 season, its 19th overall. Highlights of the season included a 62–27 victory over Ole Miss after falling behind 21–0, a 47–30 victory over Tennessee in a match of unbeatens, and a 17–16 victory over Penn State in which Alabama blocked an 18-yard field goal try with 13 seconds left in the game for the win. The 32-16 win at LSU featured a first for the Crimson Tide, as Alabama safety Lee Ozmint scored the first ever defensive two-point conversion in school history on a 100 yard interception return of an LSU two-point conversion attempt.
However, in the season finale against Auburn—the first Iron Bowl ever played in Auburn, Alabama—the Tigers beat Alabama 30–20. As a result, Alabama, Auburn and Tennessee finished in a three-way tie for the conference championship. Alabama would however receive the conference's Sugar Bowl berth. 
In the Sugar Bowl Miami would defeat Alabama 33–25 and be named national champions.
In the week after the Sugar Bowl loss, on January 7, 1990, Bill Curry resigned his position to take the head coaching job at Kentucky.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20486846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486846" title="Jean-Claude Mignon">
Jean-Claude Mignon

Jean-Claude Mignon (born February 2, 1950) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-et-Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
On 23 January 2012 he was elected President of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20486850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486850" title="FC Bârlad">
FC Bârlad

FC Bârlad was a Romanian professional football club from Bârlad, Vaslui County, Romania, founded in 2005 and dissolved in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20486874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486874" title="Jean-Claude Thomas">
Jean-Claude Thomas

Jean-Claude Thomas (born August 7, 1945) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Marne department, and is a member of the Gauche démocrate et républicaine.

</doc>
<doc id="20486894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486894" title="Jean-Claude Viollet">
Jean-Claude Viollet

Jean-Claude Viollet (born June 9, 1951 in Ruelle-sur-Touvre, Charente) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Charente department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20486901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486901" title="Kahala Corp.">
Kahala Corp.

Kahala Corp. is a private corporation and the parent entity of Kahala Franchising, L.L.C. Based in Scottsdale, Arizona, it is one of North America's largest franchise fast food restaurant companies.
History.
Surf City Squeeze was started in the early 1980s by Kevin Blackwell and his wife Kathi. Later, in 1998/1999, Sports Group International, Inc. merged with Surf City Squeeze with Surf City Squeeze's management taking over full control of the company. Also in 1999, Sports Group International purchased Frullati Cafe & Bakery Chain, bringing the total number of its franchised locations to 200.
By 2000, Kevin Blackwell changed the name of his company from Sports Group International to Kahala Corp. Also in 2000, Kahala Corp. then developed the Rollerz brand.
From 2001 to 2006, Kahala Corp. purchased Ranch1 Grilled Chicken, Samarai Sam's Teriyaki Grill, Taco Time, Great Steak, Johnnie's New York Pizzeria, and Blimpie. Kahala also acquired the license to Wafflo.
In 2007, Kahala Corp and Cold Stone Creamery agreed to merge creating a combined company holding 13 diversified brands. The combined company generated more than $1.1 billion in system wide sales in partnership with 3,000-plus franchisees and more than 4,600 retail.
In 2013, a controlling interest in Kahala Corp. was purchased by the Serruya Family of Canada. The Serruya's own and founded Yogen Fruz a chain with 1400 stores around the world. At that time, Michael Serruya became Chairman and CEO of Kahala Corp.

</doc>
<doc id="20486907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486907" title="Jean-François Chossy">
Jean-François Chossy

Jean-François Chossy (born May 4, 1947 in Montbrison, Loire) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loire department, and is a member of the Christian Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20486914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486914" title="Jean-François Mancel">
Jean-François Mancel

Jean-François Mancel (born March 1, 1948 in Beauvais, Oise) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Oise department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486915" title="Vasile Lucaciu National College">
Vasile Lucaciu National College

Vasile Lucaciu National College () is a public day school for students aged 10 to 19, established in 1962 and located in Baia Mare, Romania. The college is named after Vasile Lucaciu, a Greek Catholic priest and advocate.
It includes a gymnasium as well as a high school.

</doc>
<doc id="20486918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486918" title="The Great Smith House Hustle">
The Great Smith House Hustle

The Great Smith House Hustle is a novel for children by the American writer Jane Louise Curry. 
The Smith clan, who after moving across the country to live in Grandma Smith’s old house in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, learn they are to be evicted. The Smith children, with the help of the community, race to uncover a long-standing scam to steal the houses of seniors before the savings and loan repossesses Grandma’s home.

</doc>
<doc id="20486923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486923" title="Jean-Frédéric Poisson">
Jean-Frédéric Poisson

Jean-Frédéric Poisson (born January 22, 1963 in Belfort) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Yvelines department, and is a member of the Christian Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20486933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486933" title="Obolo people">
Obolo people

The Andoni people of Rivers State, of Nigeria, are considered to be an Ijaw tribe by some, a distinct ethnolinguistic group by others, and a people closely related to the Annang, Igbo, Ibibio and Efik people of Akwa Ibom State and Cross River State in Nigeria. Like these people, the Andoni people refer to God as Awaji or Owaji.
Historically, the Andoni (Idoni or Indo) Is the first son among the many sons of Ijo (Ujo) heir to the throne of Oduduwa (Adumu) of Ile-Ife before the colonial era and had commercial contacts with European traders and with neighboring Ijaw clans, such as the Bonny, Okrika, Kalabari, and Nkoro. The Andoni frequently fought wars with the Kingdom of Bonny. The Andoni people speak Obolo as the only native language. Obolo language is a combination of words from Igbo, Efik, Ibibio, Annang, Okrika, Ijaw, and Nembe <br>.
There is a historical link between the Okrika and the Andoni people. The Andoni people are the fiercest warriors in the Niger Delta, they have fought many wars with the Ogonis yet they are the best of friends. The Andoni (Obolo) clan of Ijaw is very wide with Ohafia and Aro (Arochukwu) people in Igbo land, Eastern Obolo, Ibeno-Eket and Oron in Akwa Ibom states and Andoni, Kala-Ido and Ogoloma in Rivers State. The Andoni people are very cultural, among the key towns are Ngo (Gogo), Ebukuma, Ikuru (Ikwut), Ataba, Ekede, Agwut-Obolo, Okoromboko, Okoroete, Iko, (Eastern Obolo axis), Asarama, Unyeada, Dema and Ilotombi. The Nwantam masquerade of Andoni celebrated every first January is one of the highlights of Obolo festivities, which they share with the Opobo, Nkoro, Bonny and Ndoki Ijaws. Their ancient practices includes a writing system known as nsibidi, ofiokpo cult and the war dance which both the Ohafia and Arochukwu clans still retain despite loss of original language. Some parts of the Andoni tribe can be reach by roads and all can be reached by sea. It is rich in Wildlife (Elephants, Monkeys, Species of Pythons, Tortoise etc. and Mineral resources. It is a growing tourist location in Rivers State
References.
Andoni villages and towns are situated on islands. Thus, Island one comprises Ngo Town, Ikuru Town, Unyeangala, Agana, Egwede, Ayamboko Town Agwut-Obolo, Ilotombi, Ekede and stretched to Oyorokoto, being the largest fishing settlement in Rivers State.
Island Two comprise Asarama Town, Unyeada, Egendem and other small villages and Island Three has Ebukuma Town, Okoloile, Agbalek-Ama(Agbalama), Ama Ubulom, Ama Ngere Nkpon, Otako, Okorobo-Ile,Down Below, Asuk-Oyet, Ama Esuuk, Ama jaba, and several other smaller villages. In fact, it is believed that Island Three stands at the centre of Andoni as it is the link between Island One and Two. Island Four includes four major communities - Dema, Ibotirem, Samanga and Ajakajak, Dema being the largest. Across this stretch of land are parts of Ogoni. 
Other towns of Andoni that is situated on Island includes, Ataba Town and its many villages, Oron-Ijah, Egbomun, Ajakajak, Ibot-Irem, Isiodum, Iyon-Oron, Asarama-ija and many smaller fishing ports.
Aerial view of these island display a sort of shattered constilation on the surface of water.

</doc>
<doc id="20486935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486935" title="Jean-Jacques Candelier">
Jean-Jacques Candelier

Jean-Jacques Candelier (born March 7, 1945 in Bugnicourt, Nord) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Gauche démocrate et républicaine.

</doc>
<doc id="20486944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486944" title="Jean-Jacques Gaultier">
Jean-Jacques Gaultier

Jean-Jacques Gaultier (born July 13, 1963 in Épinal, Vosges) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Vosges department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486957" title="Jean-Jacques Guillet">
Jean-Jacques Guillet

Jean-Jacques Guillet (born October 16, 1946) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Hauts-de-Seine department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20486961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486961" title="Uncial 0268">
Uncial 0268

Uncial 0268 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 7th century. 
Description.
The codex contains two small parts of the Gospel of John 1:30-33, on one parchment leaf (11 cm by 8 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 10 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th century.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is too brief to determine its textual character. Aland did not placed it in any of Categories of New Testament manuscripts. 
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Berlin State Museums (P. 6790) in Berlin. 

</doc>
<doc id="20486971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486971" title="Jean-Jacques Urvoas">
Jean-Jacques Urvoas

Jean-Jacques Urvoas (born September 19, 1959 in Brest, France) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Finistère department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20486981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486981" title="Stafford Gallery">
Stafford Gallery

The Stafford Gallery was an early 20th-century art gallery in London. Artists whose works were exhibited there include both internationally known painters such as Pablo Picasso, Paul Gauguin, Paul Cézanne and Gustave Courbet and significant English figures such as Walter Sickert and Sir William Nicholson.
The gallery opened in the early years of the century at 34 Old Bond Street, London W., on the corner with Stafford Street; but by 1910 had moved to 1 Duke Street, St. James's.
Exhibitions.
In June 1903 the gallery showed watercolours by William Nicholson of the colleges of Oxford University. Twenty-four lithographs of these, with descriptive text by Arthur Waugh, were published by the gallery in two folios in 1905. Nicholson also provided the the cover illustration for the catalogue an exhibition of old masters in 1910.
In the second decade of the century, and thus shortly after Roger Fry's "Manet and the Post-Impressionists" at the Grafton Galleries in 1910–11, the Stafford Gallery began to show more avant-garde, particularly French, works. In 1911 there were exhibitions of paintings by Courbet (March), Sickert (June), Gauguin and Cézanne (November), and possibly Camille Pissarro in October; work by Vincent Van Gogh may also have been shown. The Gauguin show is the subject of Spencer Gore's painting "Gauguins and Connoisseurs at the Stafford Gallery". In 1912 there were exhibitions of paintings by the Scottish Colourist J.D. Fergusson (March) and drawings by Picasso (April).

</doc>
<doc id="20486987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486987" title="Badaró">
Badaró

Manlio Hedair Badaró (April 23, 1933 – November 1, 2008) was a Portuguese actor and comedian.
Born in Brazil, Badaró moved to Portugal in 1957. He came over as part of the comedy group "Brasileira Fogo no Pandeiro." Once he restarted his career in Portugal he started to appear in several plays including "Empresta-me o teu apartamento" with actress Alina Vaz.
During an interview in May 2008 Badaró said "I have so many health problems that they have lost count: suffered a heart attack, a stroke, had a lymphoma and now I have discovered another cancer". Badaró died of cancer on November 1, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20486990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486990" title="Akassa tribe">
Akassa tribe

The Akassa tribe (Akasa, Akaha) of the Ijaw people lives along the Nun River estuary and the Atlantic coast of southern Bayelsa State, Nigeria. Akassa settlements include: Opu-Akassa, Sangana, and Kamatoru.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20486993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20486993" title="Campaign (magazine)">
Campaign (magazine)

Campaign is the leading weekly UK trade magazine published by the Haymarket Media Group about the advertising and commercial media industry, known as "the Bible of British adland". 
The magazine was originally published by the British Printing Corporation and titled "World's Press News", and, in the late 1960s, was struggling to find a market, but Michael Heseltine then acquired it for Haymarket and hired Maurice Saatchi to rebrand and relaunch the magazine, with design by Roland Schenk, upon which it became an immediate success.

</doc>
<doc id="20487003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487003" title="Daedaleopsis">
Daedaleopsis

Daedaleopsis is a genus of fungi in the Polyporaceae family. The widely distributed genus contains six species.

</doc>
<doc id="20487011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487011" title="Jean-Louis Bernard">
Jean-Louis Bernard

Jean-Louis Bernard (born 31 March 1938 in Saulieu, Côte-d'Or) is a member of the National Assembly of France. and represents the Loiret department. He is a member of the Radical Party and works in association with the Union for a Popular Movement. He was the mayor of Orléans from 1988 to 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20487012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487012" title="Radical History Tour">
Radical History Tour

Radical History Tour is the 2nd album released by Christian parody band ApologetiX. It was originally released in 1994, only on cassette, but was re-released on CD in 1999.
History.
The writing for "Radical History Tour" began in 1992 & ended near the end of 1994. Although the cassette was extremely popular, the band decided to not release the new material on CD. However, many fans of ApologetiX had been asking for years for it to be re-released on CD. Finally, due to popular demand, the CD was released in March 1999, 4 months after releasing "Jesus Christ Morningstar". 
Unfortunately, the cassette version was over 90 minutes long, about 14 minutes over the 76 minute barrier of a CD. ApologetiX decided to cut 4 tracks out of the mix. The band claims that they were tempted to go back and re-record them "1999-style", but later changed their mind. The songs were "Love (Ain't Nothin')" ("Long Train Runnin'"), Verynice City" ("Paradise City"), an early version of "Enter Samson" ("Enter Sandman"), which was eventually rerecorded & released on "Biblical Graffiti", and "Even Though", a parody of Pearl Jam's "Even Flow". The first 2 were later released on the Director's Cut of Isn't Wasn't Ain't and the other 2 are available on the band's Rare Not Well Done compilation (only available on the band's site as a download.

</doc>
<doc id="20487019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487019" title="Jean-Louis Bianco">
Jean-Louis Bianco

Jean-Louis Bianco (born January 12, 1943 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the first constituency of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, and is a member of the Socialist Party, which sits with the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche group in the Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20487021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487021" title="Juliet Kelly">
Juliet Kelly

Juliet Kelly is a British jazz singer and songwriter.
Biography.
Kelly grew up in London and discovered her talent for singing whilst studying economics at university. She then went on to attend the postgraduate jazz course at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
Her debut album, "Aphrodite's Child" received critical acclaim in the UK and the US. This led to her touring the UK and appearing on BBC Television's "Jazz Britannia" concert broadcast live from the Barbican in London in 2005. Her second album "Delicious Chemistry" was also well received and included appearances from several well-known jazz musicians including Courtney Pine, Sebastian Rochford, Roger Beaujolais and Byron Wallen. Kelly's third album "Licorice Kiss" was released in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20487029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487029" title="Eric Wall">
Eric Wall


</doc>
<doc id="20487032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487032" title="Jean-Louis Christ">
Jean-Louis Christ

Jean-Louis Christ (born January 24, 1951 in Ribeauvillé) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Haut-Rhin department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20487035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487035" title="Night in Montmartre">
Night in Montmartre

Night in Montmartre (1931) is a British mystery film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Horace Hodges, Franklin Dyall, Hugh Williams, Reginald Purdell and Austin Trevor. It was based on a play by Miles Malleson.

</doc>
<doc id="20487039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487039" title="NamWater">
NamWater

The Namibia Water Corporation or NamWater is a parastatal in Namibia. It is wholly owned by the Ministry of Agriculture of the Government of Namibia. The company employs over 600 workers across the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20487040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487040" title="Jean-Louis Dumont">
Jean-Louis Dumont

Jean-Louis Dumont (born April 6, 1944 in Jonville-en-Woëvre) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Meuse department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20487045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487045" title="Jean-Louis Gagnaire">
Jean-Louis Gagnaire

Jean-Louis Gagnaire (born April 29, 1956 in Saint-Étienne, Loire) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loire department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20487054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487054" title="Eastern Apoi tribe">
Eastern Apoi tribe

The Eastern Apoi tribe of the Ijaw people is located in central Bayelsa State, Nigeria. The Eastern Apoi tribe is small and geographically isolated. Apoi settlements include: Keme-ebiama, Kolokologbene, Ogboinbiri, Sampou, Gbaran, Kassama, and Azama. Migrants from the Eastern Apoi clan established the Western Apoi clan in Ondo State hundreds of years ago. Also, the Arogbo tribe traces its origins to a migration from the Apoi town of Gbaran.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20487060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487060" title="Jean-Louis Idiart">
Jean-Louis Idiart

Jean-Louis Idiart (born May 3, 1950) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Haute-Garonne department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20487071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487071" title="Immanuel Lutheran Church (Valparaiso, Indiana)">
Immanuel Lutheran Church (Valparaiso, Indiana)

The congregation of Immanuel Lutheran Church in Valparaiso, Indiana was founded in 1862 by 45 German families. The church building was erected in 1891 by Henry Lemster and his son Charles. A fire gutted the building in 1975, marks of which can still be seen on the altar and pews. The Immanuel Lutheran congregation moved to a new site on Glendale Boulevard, while 60 members formed a new congregation named Heritage Lutheran Church and restored the historic building.
An undated old photo shows a taller steeple and a two story parsonage adjacent to the parish hall, which is no longer extant. A photo from the courthouse tower northward, c. 1900, shows the taller steeple on the church. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20487075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487075" title="Jean-Louis Léonard">
Jean-Louis Léonard

Jean-Louis Léonard (born on 24 July 1950 in Besançon (Doubs) is a French politician and a member of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP). 
A mayor of Châtelaillon-Plage from 1984 to 1995 and again since 1996, he has been a 16th vice-president of the Agglomeration community of La Rochelle since March 2008.
A former municipal councillor of La Rochelle (1995-1996), he represented two constituencies in the National Assembly of France : Charente-Maritime's 1st constituency (1993−1997) and Charente-Maritime's 2nd constituency (2002−2012).
Political career (1983−present).
Local elections.
Successful implantation: Châtelaillon-Plage and canton of Aytré.
Engineer by profession, Jean-Louis Léonard began his political career on the occasion of the 1983 municipal elections. A member of the Rally for the Republic (RPR), he became a deputy mayor of Châtelaillon-Plage. In 1984, he succeeded the then mayor Paul Michaud after his death. In the 1989 municipal elections, he was re-elected as a mayor of Châtelaillon-Plage. After his resignation as a municipal councillor of La Rochelle, he was again elected as a mayor of Châtelaillon-Plage on 21 November 1996. He was re-elected as a mayor in the 2001 and 2008 municipal elections.
He has been a 16th vice-president of the Agglomeration community of La Rochelle since March 2008. In relations with the Charente-Maritime's general council, he is in charge of the direction schedule and tourist development thread.
In the 1988 cantonal elections, he was elected as a general councillor of Aytré succeeding Léon Belly (PCF). Re-elected as a general councillor of Aytré in 1994 and 2001, he has been a vice-president of the Charente-Maritime's general council between 1994 and 2002; during eight years, he was in charge of economics. On 24 August 2002, he resigned as a general councillor because of the law of accumulation of mandates ("Cumul des mandats").
Unsuccessful implantation: La Rochelle.
Encouraged by his success in the 1993 legislative election, he left the municipality of Châtelaillon-Plage and faced Michel Crépeau, then mayor of La Rochelle, in the 1995 municipal election. Polling 29%, his municipal list was overwhelmingly defeated by the miscellaneous left list of Michel Crépeau (58.02%). A municipal councillor of La Rochelle since 18 June 1995, he resigned on 15 October 1996.
National elections.
MP of La Rochelle (1993-1997).
In the 1993 legislative election, Jean-Louis Léonard defeated Michel Crépeau, mayor of La Rochelle since 1971 and MP of the Charente-Maritime's 1st constituency since 1973. A Member of the Parliament during four years, he did not run in this constituency in the 1997 legislative election.
MP of Rochefort (2002-2012).
In 2002, the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) gained the Charente-Maritime's 2nd constituency, which had been won in 1997 by the socialist Bernard Grasset.
In the 2002 legislative election, he was a candidate in the Charente-Maritime's 2nd constituency (Rochefort and a part of Aunis). In the first round, he polled 38.45% (19,970 votes) whereas his socialist opponent André Bonnin got 29.88% (15,519 votes). In the run-off, he defeated André Bonnin (46.45%, 23,132 votes) and was largely elected with 53.55% (26,671 votes) as a MP of this constituency. In Châtelaillon-Plage, he largely got the absolute majority in the first-round (56.83%) and polled 65.50% in the run-off.
In the 2007 legislative election, he narrowly kept his seat in the run-off. 
In the first round, he polled 42.98% (23,432 votes) whereas his socialist opponent André Bonnin got 29.99% (16,351 votes). In the run-off, he polled 50.20% (27,321 votes) whereas André Bonnin got 49.80% (27,101 votes). The gap consisted of only 220 votes between the two candidates. In Châtelaillon-Plage, he largely got the absolute majority in the first round (60.15%) and polled 65.48% in the run-off.
In the 2012 legislative election, he was defeated by the socialist candidate Suzanne Tallard, mayor of Aytré since 2008.
In the first round, he came first with 34.22% (19,238 votes) whereas his socialist opponent polled 31.50% (17,711 votes). In the run-off, he achieved 47.01% (26,391 votes) and was defeated by Suzanne Tallard (52.99%, 29,752 votes). In Châtelaillon-Plage, he largely got the absolute majority in the first round (57.00%) and achieved 63.08% in the run-off whereas in Aytré Suzanne Tallard polled 40.43% in the first round and largely got the absolute majority in the run-off (61.36%). 

</doc>
<doc id="20487076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487076" title="Bruce Hill (racing driver)">
Bruce Hill (racing driver)

Bruce Hill (born July 9, 1949) is a former American stock car driver from Topeka, Kansas. He competed in the Winston Cup Series (now Sprint Cup Series), ARCA racing series, and in the NASCAR West Series. He also competed in Late model races in 2002.
Personal life.
Hill was born on July 9, 1949 in Topeka, Kansas, and graduated from Shawnee Heights High School. He is currently residing in his hometown, and is the owner of a Great Bend hotel.
NASCAR career.
In 1974, Bruce Hill began racing in NASCAR in the Winston Cup Series (now Sprint Cup Series) and the NASCAR West Series. He only competed in one race in both series the same year. One year later, Hill won the Rookie of the Year award in the Winston Cup Series, after competing in 26 events. During the season, he recorded three top-five finishes, as well as 11 top-tens with a points finish of sixteenth. He returned to the series again in 1976 by competing in 22 events, which he recorded only four top-ten finishes and finished 23rd in the standings. In 1977, Hill was able to record four top-tens and a 29th place finish in points after participating in 16 events. During the following year, he only participated in 14 events, and recorded two top-tens with a 32nd place finish in the point standings.
He only competed in seven races in 1979, and managed to finish 34th in points. In 1980, he finished 50th in points, and only competed in six races. In his final year in the Winston Cup Series, he competed in eight races and finished 43rd in points. Also in 1981, he participated in a NASCAR Late Model Sportsman race at Darlington Raceway.
Other racing.
While competing in the Winston Cup Series, he also participated in the ARCA Racing Series as well as in the USAC. In 2002, Hill participated in a Late model race at Thunderhill Speedway in Mayetta, Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="20487089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487089" title="Jean-Louis Touraine">
Jean-Louis Touraine

Jean-Louis Touraine (born October 8, 1945 in Lyon) is a medical teacher and a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Rhône department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20487099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487099" title="Jean-Luc Préel">
Jean-Luc Préel

Jean-Luc Préel (born October 30, 1940) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Vendée department, and is a member of the New Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20487101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487101" title="United States presidential election in Illinois, 2008">
United States presidential election in Illinois, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Illinois took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 21 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Illinois, the home state of Barack Obama, who won state with a 25.1% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. One of the most reliably blue states in the nation, Illinois has not voted for a Republican presidential nominee since 1988, when George H.W. Bush narrowly carried the state. In 2008, continuing that trend, it appeared that a generic Democratic presidential nominee could have easily won Illinois. Thus, it surprised no one that Barack Obama, who represented Illinois in the U.S. Senate, won Illinois in 2008 over Republican John McCain in a landslide victory, clinching near 62% of the total vote.
Democratic primary.
The Illinois Democratic Presidential Primary took place on Super Tuesday, February 5, 2008, with 153 delegates at stake. The winner in each of Illinois's 19 congressional districts was awarded all of that district's delegates, totaling 100. Another 53 delegates were awarded to the statewide winner, Barack Obama. The 153 delegates represented Illinois at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado. Thirty-two other unpledged delegates, known as superdelegates, also attended the convention and cast their votes as well.
Polls.
Polls indicated that then-U.S. Senator Barack Obama was leading then-U.S. Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton by double digits in the days before the contest in his home state of Illinois.
Results.
Chicago Public Radio reported on March 13, 2008, that the delegate counts were recalculated and Obama won 106 delegates to 47 for
Clinton.
Analysis.
It was no surprise that Barack Obama cruised to a landslide victory in Illinois, the state he had represented in the U.S. Senate since 2004. He enjoyed massive support in his state among all demographics. According to exit polls, 57 percent of voters in the Illinois Democratic Primary were Caucasian and they opted for Obama 57-41; 24 percent of voters were African American and they, too, backed Obama 93-5; and 17 percent of voters in the primary were Hispanic/Latino and they narrowly backed Obama 50-49. Obama won all age groups but tied Clinton among senior citizens aged 65 and over. He won all voters in the state of all educational attainment levels as well as income/socioeconomic classes. He won all ideological groups and voters from both parties as well as self-identified Independents. Regarding religion, Obama won every major denomination except Roman Catholics, who narrowly backed Clinton 50-48 percent. Obama won Protestants by a margin of 58-38, other Christians 79-19, other religions 82-17, and atheists/agnostics 78-21.
Obama performed extremely well statewide and wracked up massive victories in his home city of Chicago as well as its suburbs and the metropolitan area. He also won Northern Illinois as well as the collar counties by substantial victories. Clinton’s best performance was in Southern Illinois among the more rural and conservative counties that are majority white, although Obama still won the region as a whole.
Republican primary.
The Illinois Republican primary, 2008 was held on February 5, 2008. Illinois was one of 24 States holding a primary or caucus on Super Tuesday. Delegates from each of Illinois' 19 congressional districts are selected by direct election. In addition, the primary ballot also contains a preference poll that lists the presidential candidates.
"*Candidate withdrew prior to the primary"
General election campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
Obama won every single pre-election poll, and each by a double digit margin and with at least 52% (with the exception of an ARG poll). The final 3 polls averaged Obama leading 60% to 35%.
Fundraising.
Obama raised $35,307,625. McCain raised $7,207,428.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $23,319. McCain and interest groups spent $52,865. The Democratic ticket visited the state 13 times. McCain's ticket visited the state twice.
Analysis.
For most of the second half of the 20th century, Illinois was reckoned as a Republican-leaning swing state. It voted Republican in every election from 1952 to 1988, save for 1960 and 1964. However, George H. W. Bush just barely won the state in 1988, and it swung heavily to Bill Clinton and the Democrats in 1992. Since then, Democrats have won the state by fairly comfortable margins, and it is now reckoned as the most solidly Democratic state in the Midwest.
The blue trend in the Land of Lincoln in presidential elections can be largely attributed to Cook County, home to Chicago, which makes up about 41.2% of the state's total population. While Chicago has been a Democratic stronghold for decades, the suburban areas of Cook County have historically tilted Republican. The brand of Republicanism in the suburbs, however, has historically been a moderate one, and these areas swung Democratic as the national party moved more to the right. Democrats also do very well in the Illinois portions of the Quad Cities and St. Louis areas. Additionally, the historically Republican collar counties near Chicago--DuPage, Lake, McHenry, Kane, and Will--have become friendlier to Democrats at the national level. 
Barack Obama, the junior U.S. Senator from Illinois at the time of the election, carried the state handily, defeating John McCain of Arizona by a margin of 1.38 million votes. Obama carried his home county, Cook County, with roughly 76 percent of the vote. He also swept the collar counties, with DuPage, Kendall, Lake and Will giving him double-digit margins. Notably, DuPage and McHenry hadn't supported a Democrat for president since 1948. Obama also did very well in several rural counties that historically voted Republican. McCain did, however, win several of the more rural counties in Southern Illinois. It was not nearly enough, however, to put a serious dent in Obama's 25-point margin in the state.
During the same election, senior U.S. Senator and Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin, a Democrat, was reelected to the U.S. Senate with 67.84% of the vote over Republican Dr. Steve Sauerberg who received 28.53%. At the state level, Democrats picked up three seats in the Illinois House of Representatives.
Results.
By congressional district.
Favorite son Barack Obama won 16 of the state’s 19 congressional districts, including all districts held by Democrats and four districts held by Republicans.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Illinois cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Illinois is allocated 21 electors because it has 19 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 21 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 21 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 21 were pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20487106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487106" title="Western Apoi tribe">
Western Apoi tribe

The Western Apoi tribe of the Ijaw people lives in Ondo State, Nigeria. The tribe (also called Ijaw Apoi) consists of nine settlements: Igbobini, Ojuala, Ikpoki, Inikorogha, Oboro, Shabomi, Igbotu, Kiribo, and Gbekebo. The Apoi inhabited higher ground than most of the other Ijaw tribe. The Apois speak the Yoruba and apoi language and are bordered to the north by the Ikale Yoruba and to the west by the Ilaje Yoruba. The clan also shares a border with the Arogbo Ijaw to the south and the Furupagha Ijaw to the east across the Siluko River.

</doc>
<doc id="20487110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487110" title="Jean-Luc Pérat">
Jean-Luc Pérat

Jean-Luc Pérat (born January 23, 1950) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20487120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487120" title="Jean-Luc Reitzer">
Jean-Luc Reitzer

Jean-Luc Reitzer (born December 29, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Haut-Rhin department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20487132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487132" title="Jean-Luc Warsmann">
Jean-Luc Warsmann

Jean-Luc Warsmann (born October 22, 1965 in Villers-Semeuse, Ardennes) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Ardennes department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
, he is president of the Commission of laws (Commission of constitutional laws, legislation and the general administration of the Republic) in the National Assembly. He reported on the French constitutional law of 23 July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20487133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487133" title="Archbishop Michael of America">
Archbishop Michael of America

Archbishop Michael (May 27, 1892 - July 13, 1958), born Thucydides Konstantinides (), in Maroneia of Western Thrace, was the Primate of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America from December 18, 1949 until his death on July 13, 1958. He succeeded Athenagoras I who assumed the position of Patriarch of the Church of Constantinople in January 1949. 
He was admitted to the Theological School of Halki in 1907. Archbishop Michael was ordained to the priesthood in 1919. He was elected the Metropolitan of Corinth in 1939. 
Archbishop Michael would have accepted the throne as Archbishop of America earlier in 1949, but he was not the first choice to replace Athenagoras I. Archbishop Timotheos (Evangelinidis) was elected to replace Athenagoras in June 1949, but suffered a series of heart attacks before taking the throne in America, and chose to remain the Metropolitan of Australia and New Zealand until his death later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20487143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487143" title="When London Sleeps">
When London Sleeps

When London Sleeps (1932) is a British crime film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Harold French, Francis L. Sullivan, Diana Beaumont and René Ray. It was filmed at Twickenham Studios in west London. It was based on a play by Charles Darrell.

</doc>
<doc id="20487146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487146" title="Shokichi Natsui">
Shokichi Natsui

First judo world championship.
Background.
The International Judo Federation (IJF) was founded in 1951, and five years later IJF organized the first World Judo Championships, held in Tokyo on 5 March 1956.
Contestants.
Natsui and his teammate Yoshimatsu, both policemen, were the two highest ranked judoka at the championship; the 36-year-old Yoshimatsu held the rank of nanadan (7th dan), and Natsui rokudan (6th dan), while Parize from France held yodan (4th dan), and future three-time world champion Anton Geesink from Holland held sandan (3rd dan). The 1956 championship had 31 competitors from 21 countries.
Natsui's matches.
In the first round Natsui took only 3 seconds to eliminate the contestant from Cambodia, with the shoulder throw seoi nage. In the second round he met Johannsen from Denmark, and won after 8 seconds, with tai otoshi. The match against Woodrey from Belgium in round 3 lasted 44 seconds, with victory going to Natsui. In the semi-final he met Henri Courtine from France; this match lasted only 8 seconds, with a tai otoshi win to Natsui. In total, Natsui reached the final with a total combined match time of only 63 seconds. The final between Natsui and Yoshimatsu ended with victory to Natsui.
All-Japan Judo Championships.
Natsui competed several times at the All-Japan Judo Championships in Nippon Budokan in Tokyo—one of the three major tournaments, together with the Olympic Games and the World Championships. In 1951 he finished 8th, he finished 16th in 1952, and 8th again in 1953. He received a bronze medal in 1954, a silver medal in 1955 (losing to Yoshimatsu in the final), and a gold medal in 1957. The All-Japan Judo Championships where not held in 1956 because of the inaugural World Championship competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20487156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487156" title="Jean-Marc Lefranc">
Jean-Marc Lefranc

Jean-Marc Lefranc (born February 20, 1947) was a member of the National Assembly of France from 2002 to 2012. He represented the Calvados department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20487180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487180" title="Arogbo tribe">
Arogbo tribe

The Arogbo tribe of the Ijaw people live in southeastern Ondo State, Nigeria.<br>
Historically, the Arogbo have had trading contacts with neighboring Ijaw tribes (Apoi, Egbema) and the Ijebu and Ilaje Yoruba. Most Arogbo are bilingual, speaking dialects of both the Yoruba and Ijaw languages. Historically, the Arogbo acted as middle men in the slave trade, selling captives from the interior to Europeans. The Arogbo migrated to their present location from the town of Gbaran in the central Niger Delta. Worship of the god Egbesu is particularly strong among the Arogbo.
The Arogbo are in present day Ondo State. The founding ancestors of the Arogbo were part of the same migration from Ujo-Gbaran town. After a brief stop at Oproza, led by Perebeinmo they went on to Ukparomo (now occupied by the towns of Akpata, Opuba, Ajapa, and Ukpe). They stayed here for some time, about the length of the reign of two Agadagbas (military priest-rulers of the shrine of Egbesu). They then moved to the present site of Arogbo. From this place descendants spread out to found the Arogbo Ebe. It was from Arogbo that some ancestors migrated northwards up the old course of the Forcados river and settled near the site of Patani. Living nearby in the upland region were proto Edo or Efa people called Erowha. These ancestors later on intermarried with them and gave birth to the Uvwei and Effurun (Efferun or Efferu the ancestor of the Effurun or Ephron was a descendent of Gbaran) sections of Urhobo people.
During the time of the expansion of the Benin kingdom (1550), the Benin invaded Ukoruama (Lagos). The Arogbo sent soldiers to defend the Ijo living in that region. Their army camp became known as Idumu-Arogbo later shortened to Idumagbo. The Arogbo also successful halted the advance of the Benin army into the western delta and subsequently the whole of the Izon Ibe. The foundation of the Arogbo Ebe is clearly pre-14th century AD. The ancestors of the Arogbo lived at Ujo-Gbaran between 700 – 1100 AD. Along with the ancestors of the Gbaramatu and Tuomo they moved to the Escravos region, while the Arogbo ancestors moved further west.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20487193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487193" title="Jean-Marc Nesme">
Jean-Marc Nesme

Jean-Marc Nesme (born March 23, 1943) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Saône-et-Loire department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20487202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487202" title="Uncial 0269">
Uncial 0269

Uncial 0269 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 83 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 9th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Mark 6:14-20, on one parchment leaf (33 cm by 25 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 25 lines per page, in uncial letters. It is a palimpsest.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the British Library (Add. 31919, f. 23) in London. 
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed with predominate the Byzantine element. Aland placed it in Category III. 

</doc>
<doc id="20487204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487204" title="Jack Meredith (footballer)">
Jack Meredith (footballer)

John "Jack" Meredith (12 September 1899–1970) was an English professional footballer. He spent five years at Blackpool in the 1920s, making almost 200 Football League appearances for the club.
Blackpool.
Meredith made his debut for Frank Buckley's Blackpool on 6 October 1923, in a league game at Sheffield Wednesday. He went on to appear in all but one of the remaining 33 league games of the 1923–24 season. He scored three goals during this time: the first in a 3–2 victory at Fulham on 1 December; the second in a 6–2 win at Port Vale on 15 March; and the third in the very next game, also against Vale, but this time at Bloomfield Road.
The following campaign, 1924–25, Meredith missed only one of Blackpool's 49 league and cup games. He scored seven goals in the league and three in the FA Cup.
In 1925–26, Meredith achieved his highest goals tally of his time with "the Seasiders". He netted eight goals in his 39 league appearances, including the only goal of the game in a home victory over South Shields on 13 March.
Meredith was ever-present in Blackpool's 43 league and cup games of 1926–27. He also scored six goals in the former competition.
1927–28 was Meredith's final season with Blackpool. Under new manager, Sydney Beaumont, Meredith made 35 league appearances and scored three goals. His final appearance for the club occurred on 31 March, in a 4–0 defeat at Leeds United. He joined Chelsea on 25 May 1928 and went on to score six goals in 23 League games.

</doc>
<doc id="20487205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487205" title="Jean-Marc Roubaud">
Jean-Marc Roubaud

Jean-Marc Roubaud (born June 18, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Gard department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20487215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487215" title="Jean-Marie Binetruy">
Jean-Marie Binetruy

Jean-Marie Binetruy (born July 17, 1946 in Villers-le-Lac, Doubs) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the Doubs department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20487226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487226" title="Naval Outlying Field Summerdale">
Naval Outlying Field Summerdale

Naval Outlying Field Summerdale is a military use airport located in Summerdale, a town in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.
Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned NFD by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
Facilities.
NOLF Summerdale has three asphalt paved runways, each measuring 2,850 by 150 feet (869 x 46 m): Runway 4/22, Runway 10/28, and Runway 16/34.

</doc>
<doc id="20487230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487230" title="Jean-Marie Le Guen">
Jean-Marie Le Guen

Jean-Marie Le Guen (born January 3, 1953 in Paris) is a doctor, public health expert, and member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the city of Paris, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.
Biography.
On June 17, 2007, he was reelected as deputy for the XIIIth legislature (2007-2012), in the 9th district of Paris (part of the 13th arrondissement (which includes the neighborhoods of Gare, Salpêtrière, and the part of Maison- Blanche situated to the east of a line defined by the streets avenue d'Italie et avenue de la Porte-d'Italie)) with 22108 votes (62.57%).
He is responsible for matters of health in the National Assembly for the socialist party. President of the study group on obesity in the National Assembly, he is the author, in collaboration with Marc Horwitz, of "Obesity: The New French Sickness", published by Armand Colin in March 2005. He also presided over the parliamentary task force on the avian flu, and is vice-president of the parliamentary office of the evaluation of health policy, as well as a titular member of the High Council for the future of health insurance.
Placed under investigation for the MNEF Affair, for a presumed fictional job, the charges were later dropped.(Vingt ans de responsabilités au sein de la MNEF, Le Monde, du 24 novembre 1999)
On June 26, 2007 he was elected as vice-president of the national assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20487231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487231" title="Sage Francis discography">
Sage Francis discography

Sage Francis' discography.

</doc>
<doc id="20487238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487238" title="Min Thu Wun">
Min Thu Wun

Min Thu Wun (; 10 February 1909 - 15 August 2004) was a Burmese poet, writer and scholar who helped launch a new age literary movement called "Hkit san" (Testing the Times) in Burma.
Distinguished career.
Born Maung Wun at Kungyangon in Mon state in 1909, he was of Mon and Bamar (Burman) descent. He started writing poems at the age of 20 for Rangoon College (later Rangoon University) magazine. It was in university that he, along with the other students of Professor Pe Maung Tin - Theippan Maung Wa and Zawgyi, pioneered the "Hkit san" style of short stories and poems, published in the university magazine, and "Ganda Lawka" (World of Books) magazine which he edited, under the tutelage of J S Furnivall, founder of the Burma Research Society. The year 1934 saw the publication of "Hkit san pon byin" (Experimental Tales) - a collection of short stories to test the readers' reaction, written by Zawgyi, Min Thu Wun and Theippan Maung Wa among others. The writing was distinct and novel in style using shorter sentences and moving away from the traditional literary vocabulary.
In 1935 Min Thu Wun received his master's degree in Burmese literature. He went to study at Oxford University, and achieved a bachelor's degree in literature in 1939.
Whilst Theippan Maung Wa was famous for his prose, Min Thu Wun and Zawgyi were best known for their portrayal of the daily lives of ordinary people and for their appreciation of nature in their poems. Zawgyi became the most respected literary critic, and Min Thu Wun the best loved poet.
Publications.
Min Thu Wun's prolific writings on literature, both classical and modern, in numerous articles were later collected into 3 important books.
Min Thu Wun explained in a book review the nature of "light" and "serious" literature. He went on to create the Burmese version of Braille for the blind.
He also helped compile Mon - Burmese and Pali - Burmese dictionaries.
Politics.
In 1990 he was elected as a National League for Democracy (NLD) Member of Parliament, although he resigned 8 years later under pressure from the military regime. His work has also been banned from publication. A popular publication called "Sapei Gya-ne" (Literary Journal) was also blocked in its attempt to dedicate its June 1995 issue to Min Thu Wun. He died on 15 August 2004 at the age of 95.

</doc>
<doc id="20487241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487241" title="Jean-Marie Morisset">
Jean-Marie Morisset

Jean-Marie Morisset (born August 18, 1947) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Deux-Sèvres department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20487252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487252" title="Almbach (Salzach)">
Almbach (Salzach)

The Almbach creek is the natural drain of the Hintersee Lake in Salzburg (state). It reaches a length of approx. 17 km and flows into the Salzach at Hallein. In the middle course the creek is dammed by the "Wiestalstausee"; a rest water quantity remains to not endanger the fish population.

</doc>
<doc id="20487261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487261" title="Dr. David J. Loring Residence and Clinic">
Dr. David J. Loring Residence and Clinic

The Loring Residence and Clinic was the first facility built to provide medical services to the community. The residence has continue to provide for public service through its current use by the Valparaiso Woman's Club. Dr Loring used his home as his medical office until his death in 1914. It was Dr Loring's initial efforts the brought medical care to the county and provided for the first hospital. Although private, it became the counties first public hospital when Dr. Loring sold the building in 1906 to build his home and clinic.
Dr. Loring was a physician and surgeon. He was Vice-President of the "Indiana State Medical Association" and founder of the Porter County Medical Society. Dr Loring built his home in 1906 from the proceeds of the sale of his private hospital to the Valparaiso Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) for $13,000. His home was designed and built by local architect and builder Charles Lembke. When Dr Loring died in 1914, his Washington Street home and office was sold to Dr J. R. Pagin, who sold it to the Elks Club in 1924. The Elks own building had burned that year. The Elks decided within the year to rebuild on their own site. They resold the house the same year to the Woman’s Club for $30,000. It was dedicated to Sarah Porter Kinsey on September 21, 1925. They paid off the mortgage and celebrated on December 1, 1939. The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The property is located at the corner of Jefferson and Lafayette Streets in Valparaiso, Indiana, one block north of the County Courthouse.

</doc>
<doc id="20487262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487262" title="USCGC Gresham (WAVP-387)">
USCGC Gresham (WAVP-387)

USCGC "Gresham" (WAVP-387), later WHEC-387, later WAGW-387, was a "Casco"-class United States Coast Guard Cutter in service from 1947 to 1973.
Construction and U.S. Navy service.
"Gresham" began life as the United States Navy "Barnegat"-class motor torpedo boat tender USS "Willoughby" (AGP-9). She was laid down on 15 March 1943 as a "Barnegat"-class small seaplane tender designated AVP-57 by Lake Washington Shipyard at Houghton, Washington. While under construction, she was converted into a motor torpedo boat tender and was launched as such on 21 August 1943. She commissioned into the U.S. Navy on 18 June 1944. She operated in support of the New Guinea campaign, the Philippines campaign, and operations in Borneo during World War II, and continued her Borneo operations after the war ended. She was decommissioned on 26 June 1946 and stricken from the Navy List on 19 July 1946.
Transferred to the United States Coast Guard.
While "Willoughby" was at Mare Island Navy Yard at Vallejo, California, between December 1945 and June 1946, the United States Coast Guard inspected her for possible Coast Guard service. "Barnegat"-class ships were very reliable and seaworthy and had good habitability, and the Coast Guard viewed them as ideal for ocean station duty, in which they would perform weather reporting and search and rescue tasks, once they were modified by having a balloon shelter added aft and having oceanographic equipment, an oceanographic winch, and a hydrographic winch installed.
"Willoughby" was transferred to the Coast Guard at Government Island, Oakland, California, simultaneously with her Navy decommissioning on 26 June 1946. After undergoing conversion for use as a weather-reporting ship, she was commissioned into Coast Guard service as USCGC "Gresham" (WAVP-387) on 1 December 1947.
During her Coast Guard career, "Gresham"s primary duty was to serve on weather stations in the Pacific Ocean to gather meteorological data. While on duty in one of these stations, she was required to patrol a 210-square-mile (544-square-kilometer) area for three weeks at a time, leaving the area only when physically relieved by another Coast Guard cutter or in the case of a dire emergency. While on station, she acted as an aircraft check point at the point of no return, a relay point for messages from ships and aircraft, as a source of the latest weather information for passing aircraft, as a floating oceanographic laboratory, and as a search-and-rescue ship for downed aircraft and vessels in distress, and engaged in law enforcement operations. She also served on the Bering Sea Patrol, took part in United States Coast Guard Reserve training cruises, and participated in the U.S. Navy's underway refresher training program to ensure her readiness to support military operations. 
U.S. Coast Guard service in the Pacific 1947-1967.
Upon commissioning in 1947, "Gresham" was assigned to the 12th Coast Guard District, with her home port at Alameda, California. Her first ocean station patrol was at Ocean Station Fox, and began with her departure for the patrol on 26 March 1948. For the next few months she conducted naval mine and coastal patrols and served on Ocean Station Fox and Ocean Station Able.
During July 1949, "Gresham" was among the ships patrolling the Transpacific Yacht Race from Los Angeles, California, to Honolulu, Hawaii. On 9 September 1949 she assisted the British merchant ship SS "Pacific Enterprise", which had run aground two nautical miles (3.7 kilometers) north of the Point Arena Light Station in thick fog.
On 8 January 1950 "Gresham" was assigned to Ocean Station Peter in the Pacific; cutter USCGC "Winnebago" (WPG-40) relieved her on 29 January 1950. Later in 1950 she served on Ocean Station Nan and Ocean Station Oboe.
In 1951 "Gresham" served on Ocean Station Uncle and Ocean Station Sugar. On 16 June 1951 cutter USCGC "Chautauqua" (WPG-41) relieved her on Ocean Station Sugar, and she proceeded to Yokosuka, Japan. She repeated the cruise from Ocean Station Sugar to Yokosuka in March 1952 and February 1954.
On 22 May 1955, "Gresham" assisted merchant ship SS "David Thompson", which was adrift in the Pacific. During July 1955 she again escorted the Transpacific Yacht Race.
After several more weather patrols, "Gresham" departed Alameda on 13 August 1956, for Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, via Port Angeles, Washington, on a U.S. Coast Guard Reserve training cruise. On 30 September 1956, she was relieved from Ocean Station November by cutter USCGC "Pontchartrain" (WPG-70). On 17 October 1956, "Pontchartrain" rescued passengers of the passenger aircraft "Sovereign of the Skies"; "Gresham" left Alameda and rendezvoused with "Pontchartrain" at San Francisco Light Station on 19 October 1956 as "Pontchartrain" brought in the rescued passengers.
Tragedy struck "Gresham" on 17 December 1958 while she was relieving cutter USCGC "Klamath" (WPG-66) on Ocean Station Romeo. The ships were in a line-ahead formation with "Gresham" 500 yards (457 m) ahead of "Klamath" and transferring mail to "Klamath" when a large wave engulfed "Gresham"s quarterdeck, injuring 11 enlisted men, inflicting a severe head injury on Ensign George T. Bergman, and washing Bergman overboard. The cutters could not recover Bergman.
During 1959 and 1960, "Gresham" served on Ocean Station November seven times. During this period, the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, Henry Cabot Lodge, arranged for Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev to tour San Francisco Bay while Khrushchev was visiting San Francisco, California, during his September 1959 state visit to the United States. "Gresham" was in port at Alameda at the time, and was chosen to carry Khrushchev on his tour of the bay.
"Gresham" continued her duties on Ocean Station November throughout the next few years. On 1 May 1966, she was reclassified as a high endurance cutter and redesignated WHEC-387.
Vietnam War service 1967-1968.
"Gresham" departed San Francisco for Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, on 16 April 1967 under the command of Commander Norman L. Scherer, USCG. Upon her arrival in Hawaii, "Gresham" became flagship of Coast Guard Squadron Three, which was designated Task Unit 70.8.6. Captain John E. Day, commander of the squadron, hoisted his pennant aboard "Gresham" upon activation of the squadron on 24 April 1967.
Coast Guard Squadron Three was tasked to operate in conjunction with U.S. Navy forces in Operation Market Time, the interdiction of communist coastal arms and munitions traffic along the coastline of Vietnam during the Vietnam War. The squadrons other Vietnam War duties included fire support for ground forces, resupplying Coast Guard and Navy patrol boats, and search-and-rescue operations. Serving in the squadron with "Gresham" were cutters USCGC "Yakutat" (WHEC-380), USCGC "Bering Strait" (WHEC-382), USCGC "Barataria" (WHEC-381), and USCGC "Half Moon" (WHEC-378); like "Gresham", they all were former Navy "Barnegat"-class ships. They departed Pearl Harbor on 26 April 1967 and reported to Commander, United States Seventh Fleet, for Market Time duty on 4 May 1967. They were joined by Navy radar picket destroyer escorts (DERs) of Escort Squadrons 5 and 7. 
The ten Market Time ships arrived at Subic Bay in the Philippines on 10 May 1967. The five Coast Guard cutters and five Navy destroyer escorts continuously manned four Market Time stations off Vietnam, while only Navy warships served on two Taiwan patrol stations. One ship rotated duty as the station ship in Hong Kong. "Gresham" remained in the Western Pacific until 28 January 1968 and arrived home at Alameda on 10 February 1968.
U.S. Coast Guard service in the Pacific 1968-1969.
"Gresham" made her final patrol in the Pacific when she served on Ocean Station November in September 1969. On the night of 23 September 1969 she went to the assistance of the 543-foot (166 m) containerized cargo ship SS "Hawaiian Legislator", which had lost power in her main propulsion gear and was adrift approximately south of "Gresham"s position. After rendezvousing first with U.S. Navy ammunition ship USS "Firedrake" (AE-14) to transfer a Coast Guardsman with appendicitis for transport to San Francisco, "Gresham" went to the aid of "Hawaiian Legsilator" and took her under tow towards San Pedro, California. On 26 September 1969 she turned the tow over to a commercial tug and then set course for San Francisco. She moored at Government Island, Alameda, on 30 September 1969. She was then deactivated and placed in reserve.
U.S. Coast Guard service in the Atlantic 1970-1973.
In January 1970 "Gresham" was reactivated and transferred to the United States East Coast, assigned a new home port at Norfolk, Virginia. She was assigned the duty of establishing a new weather station, Ocean Station Hotel, approximately northeast of Norfolk and deemed necessary to report critical weather data necessary to improve storm-warning forecasts for the northeastern United States after winter storms in 1969 shut down large areas there; the new XERB-1 weather buoy also was tested at Ocean Station November for use by "Gresham" at Ocean Station Hotel.
"Gresham" arrived at Norfolk on 7 February 1970 and established Ocean Station Hotel on 20 February 1970. On 27 February 1970 she was reclassified as a meteorological cutter and redesignated WAGW-387.
USCGC "Taney" (WHEC-37) replaced "Gresham" on Ocean Station Hotel early in 1973.
Decommissioning and disposal.
"Gresham" was decommissioned on 25 April 1973. She was transferred to the Maritime Administration on 21 May 1973 for lay-up in the James River in Virginia. She was sold for scrapping on 25 October 1973 to B. V. Intershitra of Rotterdam, the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20487280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487280" title="Tommy Trouble and the Magic Marble">
Tommy Trouble and the Magic Marble

Tommy Trouble and the Magic Marble is a children's novel written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Ben Caldwell. It was first published in 2000.
Plot summary.
Tommy, who loves collecting, needs ten dollars to buy a magic marble from another boy. He tries to pick flowers from his mother's prize rose garden to sell to a neighbor, and tries to trade his little brother's snake. Tommy finally decides that the magic marble is not worth the trouble.
Reception.
Todd Morning was mixed in his review for Booklist saying that "Today's children may have trouble relating to a story that ends with a game of marbles (does anyone play marbles these days?), but they'll still find lots to enjoy and think about. Ben Caldwell's black-and-white drawings are a plus; they have an angularity that nicely straddles the line between realism and cartoons." Steve Clancy in his review for School Library Journal was not very positive saying that "it's unlikely that this slight story line will hold readers' interest, and while marbles still hold a certain fascination for this age group, they are way down on a list headed by Gameboys and Pokémon cards. Rudimentary black-and-white cartoons capture the characters' moods but occasionally appear out of proportion. Overall, Fletcher's book lacks the humor or adventure of Barbara Park's "Junie B. Jones" series or Mary Pope Osborne's "Magic Tree House" books" The Horn Book Guide to Children's and Young Adult Books was also mixed in their review saying "The story line, like the accompanying line art, seems dated and rather bland, but the relationship between Tommy and his tagalong brother Bradley is appealing."

</doc>
<doc id="20487303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487303" title="Jean-Marie Rolland">
Jean-Marie Rolland

Jean-Marie Rolland (born September 25, 1950) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Yonne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20487305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487305" title="Manny Tolentino">
Manny Tolentino

Manny Tolentino (born 27 March 1966) is a former tennis player from the Philippines.
Tolentino represented his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where he was defeated in the first round by the United States' Eric Amend. The right-hander reached his highest singles ATP-ranking on 31 August 1987, when he became World Number 437. Tolentino participated in Davis Cup ties for the Philippines from 1984–1987, posting a 4-5 record in singles.
Manny Tolentino now lives in the Bay Area in California and is married to his wife, Rosario. He has three kids who are Camille, Carmina, and Noah.

</doc>
<doc id="20487310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20487310" title="Jean-Marie Sermier">
Jean-Marie Sermier

Jean-Marie Sermier (born March 5, 1961 in Nozeroy, Jura) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Jura department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
