<doc id="20412552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412552" title="Un, dos, tres... responda otra vez">
Un, dos, tres... responda otra vez

Un, dos, tres... responda otra vez (), often shortened as Un, dos, tres, and named Un, dos, tres... a leer esta vez () in the last season, was a Spanish game show created by Narciso Ibáñez Serrador. The show, which ran from 1972 to 2004 spanning ten seasons, became the most famous game show in the history of Spanish television. It also was the first television show exported outside of Spain, with versions aired in the United Kingdom, Portugal, the Netherlands, Germany and Belgium.
Structure.
Serrador (alias Chicho) created the show as a mixture of different traditional game show formats. It included a quiz show section as the first round (called the question round), physical competitions as the second round (called the eliminatory round), and luck and psychological games as the third round (called the auction). The show derives its name from these three parts (un, dos, tres means "one, two, three"). Contestants consisted of three couples. Each show had a theme focused on a specific topic, such as the French Revolution. 
The contestants would be cheered on by a "positive" cast of characters consisting of people who wanted them to win as much money and prizes as possible; and opposed by a "negative" cast, which wanted contestants to lose. The notion of having people actively rooting against contestants was innovative for Spanish television, something that had never been tried before this show.
The "positive" cast usually consisted of the host of the show and a team of several beautiful girls who served as the host's assistants, called secretaries. The secretaries usually wore sexy uniforms or costumes that reflected the theme of the show (for instance, they might dress as cowgirls for a show about the "Far West"). No matter their costumes, the secretaries always wore glasses with large, round frames; this became one of the show's trademarks.
The "negative" cast consisted of characters from a fictional town called Tacañón del Todo (Full Miserer). As the name of the town suggests, they were misers and didn't want the contestants to earn any money. They also were puritanical and disapproved of the secretaries' sexy clothing. The most important of these characters were Don Cicuta (Mr. Cicuta) and las Tacañonas (the Miser Ladies).
The question round.
In the first part of the show, a secretary would hand each team of contestants a tray full of envelopes. The contestants were to choose one and give it to the host. The envelope contained a multiple-answer question which the host read to the contestants and a sample (for example: "Name some fruits like, for example, an apple."). The contestants then, after the host said "Un, dos, tres... responda otra vez" ("One, two, three... respond again"), had to repeat the given example, and then give as many answers to this question as they could within 45 seconds. 
Contestants could not repeat an answer that had already been given, and had to take turns answering. Additionally, the rules encouraged contestants to be as specific as possible (for instance, if a contestant answered "berries" to the above question, then they could not count more specific versions, such as "strawberry" or "blueberry" toward their answer total). Additional rules were added for some questions. When contestants gave a mistaken or repeated answer, a member of the negative cast stopped the clock immediately and the contestants' time was over. From the third season, the contestant who did not have the turn to answer could mime to help the other contestant if he or she got stuck. Contestants were given a certain amount of money for each correct answer.
There were three questions for each couple with an increasing level of difficulty. In the show's early seasons, answering the first question correctly gave the contestants 25 pesetas for each correct answer. Then a machine gave a random amount that varied over time. Answering the second question correctly would give the contestants the amount won in the first question for each correct answer. Similarly, the third question's awards would build on the second. When all the questions were done, the couple with the most money became champions and returned the following week. The other two couples went on to the second part of the show.
The Elimination round.
The elimination round was a physical test that changed each week according to that week's theme. For example, contestants might be required to fill wine glasses sitting on a tray and then slide down a slide, and the winner would be the one with the highest amount of liquid they carried to their jar, or try to climb structures like buildings, strings or poles faster than their rivals, or they could also have to wear clothes of the opposite sex and walk through a cat walk in front of a jury that would vote the funniest of them, etc. On the tenth season, the elimination round would be replaced by a round of questions about the book of the week and the winners would be the couple with the highest amount of correct answers. The winning couple would go on the third part of the show.
The Consolation game.
In the first season and also in the first half of the third season, the losers in the elimination round went home only with the amount earned on the question round. This was changed during the second season, when the consolation game was introduced. During the seventies and most of the eighties, it was presented as a board game, usually involving the use of giant dices or Trivial Pursuit like games, where moving the tab to certain box and answering certain question or performing certain task would give money to the contestants. They could also lose money from the question round if they did not have luck, and usually there was a goal in the game which if reached gave the contestants a jackpot that was increased each week it was not won. Each board game was dedicated to the puppet of the show, and a home version of these games were commercially released so that people could play at home to the same games. From the last weeks of the fifth season onward, a change was made in the style of the games. They were no longer typical board games but luck games attached to certain sponsor. The games attached to sponsors were more simple in their rules (usually simply choosing some numbers or letters from the sponsor's name), but the potential prizes were drastically increased. Many times the winners of the consolation game eventually won a much better prize than the ones who had won the elimination round.
The Auction.
The longest and most well-known portion of the show was the auction. It usually began with a musical sketch related to the topic of the week where the secretaries sang and performed different choreographed dances on a set specifically designed according to the topic. There were also humour skits and performances by famous artists, as well as other surprises. After each performance was finished, an object related to the theme was taken to the table were the host and the contestants sat. Each object had a card attached to it, which had a text that could be related to the object or the performance where it came from. The host was allowed to read a part of the text, until he stopped midway with a phrase that became iconic in Spain, "y hasta aquí puedo leer" ("and I can read only until this point"). 
This would continue until there were three objects on the table. But the contestants could only keep two, so they would have to discard one. When an item was discarded, the host would read the complete card, including the text beyond the point where he or she had stopped earlier, revealing a prize the contestants had passed up. The prizes ranged from cars, houses and trips to matches and bottles of laxative (a couple of contestants even won their own tombs on the cemetery they chose). The show went on like that, discarding objects and losing prizes, until the show was over and there were three final objects on the table. At this point, the host could ask the contestants to discard two objects at once, or one by one, and they would keep a final object which would contain the prize they had won.
Some cards could contain more than one prize, many times, a booby prize at the beginning followed by marvelous or even worse prizes. In those cases, the host could let the contestants keep the object after revealing the first booby prize to reject another prize on the table, in the hope that the following unknown prize would be good. An example of a card with this system is this one, from a 1991 show dedicated to the Stock exchange, found in a newspaper about the Great Crash: ""In a program dedicated to the stock exchange, there could not fail to be a mention to the terrific fall of the american stock exchange in 1929, the famous Great Crash (Crack in Spanish) that sank economy in the United States...of clue...The same way there had to be a reference to the Crash of 1929, in "Un, dos, tres", we are also forced to remember that in the past season, one of our puppets had exactly that name, El Crack... and there you've got it!... El Crack was the negative puppet in our previous season. But, since in this season the symbol of negativity is monopolized by Ruperta, this Crack has no more mission than to serve as decoration in... This wonderful apartment!""
Sometimes, however, an object's card would contain another game. In those games, the contestants could win different amounts of money or other prizes. The host was forced to reveal when an object had a game attached to it, but the rules of the game remained secret, even when it was discarded, because some games were recycled for future programs. 
Even when they had the last object on the table, the game was still not over. At that point, the game started that gave this segment its name: the auction. The host would begin to offer money to the contestants in exchange for the prize, raising the amount if the contestants said no, until they reached the top offer. When the host reached the top offer or the contestants decided to accept the money, the prize they had won or lost was revealed.
Any prize could appear on the show, but there was a prize that had to appear in at least one of the objects: the show's puppet. There were different puppets through different seasons, normally associated with a booby prize. Sometimes, though, the puppet had extra prizes attached to it, so it was not always bad. There also were some seasons where there was a couple of puppets, one of them good and the other bad. In those seasons, winning the good puppet meant choosing any prize from that show, and winning the bad puppet meant going home only with the puppet. When there were a good and a bad puppet on the same season, only the presence of one of them was forced, and the contestants wouldn't know which one of them was going to appear on the show. Sometimes, though, both could appear on the same show, and they could even appear as prizes inside a game.
There was one basic rule for the host. The contestants could make all the questions they wanted, and the host was not allowed to say a single lie. He or she could refuse to answer, and also could not say all the true, that is, he could omit context or hide some valuable data, but everything he or she said had to be true. For example, the host could explain a game like this: "You have a lottery hype full of balls. You have to choose eight numbers from 1 to 12, and then you can extract up to 6 balls. The first extracted number that coincides with a number you chose earlier will be rewarded with 250.000 pesetas, and the following hits will each one multiply by 2 the money, meaning that you can win up to 8 million pesetas. But if the ball with the number 13 gets out, you will loose all your money. You can stop whenever you want." And the contestants would indeed stop before getting their 6 numbers from the hype, in fear of getting the ball 13 as the chances were increasing. But then, when the game was over, the host would reveal that, certainly, the contestants would have lost if the ball 13 had come out... but there was no ball 13.
Cast.
Hosts.
The show had six different hosts, including:
Jordi and Miriam hosted the show together as a couple.
History.
Season 1 (April 24, 1972–April 30, 1973).
The first season was the only one broadcast in black and white; TVE began broadcasting in colour one year later. The first season, which aired on Monday nights, lasted a full year. The director, who had achieved some acclaim with horror shows, decided to remove his name from the credits during the first 15 weeks, fearing that his reputation would be ruined by being associated with a game show. But when the show became a success, he began listing his name. In this season there were four couples of contestants instead of three, including the champions.
Season 2 (March 19, 1976–January 27, 1978).
After the end of the first season in 1973, there was a gap of three years while Chicho was filming his second and last movie "Who Can Kill a Child?". After filming ended, Chicho started a new season of the show. The second season was the first recorded and broadcast in colour. Also it was the first season to be broadcast on Fridays, a tradition that continued until the show went off the air (with the exception of the sixth season).
For this season, the secretaries were replaced with new actresses wearing a sexier uniform – this was possible because censorship had been eased and it was no longer necessary to measure the length of the girls' dresses, as had been done in the first season. The leader of the secretaries this season was a 16-year-old Victoria Abril, who later became an international actress.
In the first chapter, Don Cicuta bid farewell to the audience (Valentin Tornos was already very ill and would eventually die months later) and new characters took over his role. These new characters, named Tacañones, would not reach the same success Don Cicuta had. They were Professor Lápiz, Don Rácano and Don Estrecho. Each of them had a part of Don Cicuta's personality. The first one would be the cultural character, the second one would be the miser character, and the third one would be the puritan character.
This season introduced the show's puppet character. In the previous season there was a pumpkin to symbolize the worst prize the show awarded. The pumpkin became a cartoon who sang the show theme each week. This singing pumpkin was named Ruperta, and after Don Cicuta's disappearance, it became the most famous trademark in the history of the show, staying for years. Until summer of 1977, there still were four couples of contestants. It was in September, 1977 when the number was downed to three couples.
Season 3 (August 20, 1982–April 13, 1984).
There was a four-year gap between the end of the second season and the beginning of the third. In 1980, the show's host, Kiko Ledgard, had near-lethal accident, and though he survived, the brain damage he sustained spelled the end of his entertainment career. Mayra Gómez Kemp, who had already worked on the show the previous season as a comedian actress, replaced him. 
Since a woman was the host and was joined by girls as secretaries, the director decided that the negative part should also include some women. He hired a trio of comic actresses who became Las Tacañonas. They were so successful in their parts that they stayed in the show until 1994, the longest of any of the show's actors. 
In the middle of the season, there was a major change in show's format. On May 13, 1983, the show announced that it would replace all of the secretaries with new actresses who were able to dance choreographed pieces. The following week, a new puppet, Botilde the boot, replaced Ruperta, and the new secretaries also came on board. They danced to songs from and A Chorus Line.
With the change of format, a new type of contestants was introduced, the suffering contestants. They were a couple, just like the others, but with a very different purpose. They were called the suffering contestants, because they were locked in a separated room decorated like a dungeon, and there they would watch the auction from a screen, while the secretaries gave them information written in signboards about where the best prizes were hiding (sometimes, subtitles on screen informed the viewers about what the suffering contestants were reading). At the end of the auction, the suffering contestants would earn exactly the same prize the contestants earned, and they had to see how some of the best prizes passed away without being able to do anything about it. The suffering contestants would be present on the show until the 8th season in 1993.
Seasons 4 and 5 (November 9, 1984–May 3, 1985; October 4, 1985–March 28, 1986).
The fourth season would begin a few months after the end of the previous season. From this point on, a season would least only a few months, instead of years as had previously been the case. For the first time, the secretaries from the previous season were carried over into the new season.
Botilde was also replaced by a positive puppet, El Chollo. He was symbolic of the show's best prize: choosing any prize the contestants wantd from the auction. But viewers missed having a negative puppet, and so a new one was introduced, El Antichollo. 
Some changes were introduced in the rules of the question round. For the first time a random amount given by a machine would be given for each correct answer to the first question. This first question would be the same questions for the three couples, and would be based on the theme of the week. Couples would be introduced in the studio one by one, being locked away so that they could not hear the first question and answer in advantage. The second question would be a regular question like in previous seasons, and for the third question a new system was presented. Instead of a regular question, the host would read a statement, and then words that needed a match to be given, for example, if the statement was "Books and authors", the host said "El Quijote", and the contestants had to say "Cervantes", then the host said "Romeo and Juliet", and the contestants had to say "Shakespeare", and so on, until the contestants gave a wrong answer or the usual 45 seconds were over. This type of question was introduced from the British adaptation, 3-2-1.
In this season, the secretaries started singing as well as dancing. From this season until the end of the show, new lyrics were composed for each theme song adapted to its choreography. Some examples of songs from the fourth season include "The Continental" and "That's Entertainment!".
After the suffering contestants had been introduced the previous season, this season introduced the "suffering contestant at home". Before each show, a notary randomly assigned a number to each of the prizes appearing on it, writing them to a list, and then selected a letter similar to the ones sent by suffering contestants at the studio. The difference was that in this letter, they had to include a number within a circle as well as their phone number. Moments before the end of the auction, when there were the three final objects on the table, a secretary would bring the selected letter and a telephone to the host, and she would phone the suffering contestant at home while the auction contestants and the public had to be quiet. The number in the circle from the letter would point to the number the notary assigned to one of the prizes of the list, and this prize would be automatically won by the suffering contestant at home. The host would announce the prize if it had already been lost by the contestants, but if it still was on the table, she asked the suffering contestant to watch the end of the show, until the prize was revealed when the contestants lost or won it. The suffering contestant at home figure would last until season 6th in 1988.
The fifth season was a continuation of the fourth. The only major change was to introduce a new secretary who was black. It was announced with great fanfare that this season would be the show's last.
Season 6 (April 6, 1987–January 8, 1988).
Even though the show was supposed to be over, the director was asked to do another season. New puppets were introduced for this season, El Boom and El Crack, with identical functions as their predecessors, El Chollo & El Antichollo. This season the show returned to Mondays, and achieved the highest ratings it had to date with nearly 25 million viewers, more than half of the Spanish population. 
In this season, the rules of the question round were brought back to the original ones from seasons 1 to 3, only with the difference of letting the contestants choose on the third question a specific topic among four, which were "Art & Litherature", "Geography & History", "Sports, Games, & Shows", and "Science & Nature", and the envelopes would be in four piles so that they could choose the envelope from the preferred topic. This was removed the following season to recover the original increasing difficulty three questions.
During this season, international stars started appearing on the show, including the Swedish rock group Europe, the British singer Samantha Fox and the Italian singer Sabrina Salerno, who caused a scandal when one of her breasts slipped out of her dress during the show's Christmas special. 
Again, it was announced that this season would be the show's last.
Season 7 (September 13, 1991–April 10, 1992).
After four years, the director was asked again to resurrect the show, and he agreed. He brought back Ruperta the pumpkin as the puppet of the show, as well as Las Hurtado, but with new characters called Las Derrochonas, the Squander Girls, nieces of the characters from the previous seasons.
The new hosts were Jordi Estadella and Miriam Díaz Aroca. Jordi would host the question round and the auction, and Miriam would be the accountant in the question round, host the elimination round and the consolation game, and sing and dance with the secretaries in the auction.
The secretaries recovered their trademark glasses lost in 1983, but they still sung and danced choreographed dances. Thanks to much bigger budgets driven by much more interest from advertisers, these choreographed pieces were performed among large sets. Prizes were also increased, with the base money being ten times bigger than in previous seasons.
The season finale was a special feature dedicated to the show's 20th anniversary, lasting three and a half hours and featuring actors and actresses from all th previous seasons.
Season 8 (October 2, 1992–July 9, 1993).
The eighth season was a continuation of the seventh. The same hosts and many of the secretaries returned. Las Hurtado also returned, but in 1993, with an economic crisis gripping the country, they became "Miser Ladies." 
In this season, with the expansion of private channels, viewing figures slowly started declining.
Season 9 (November 19, 1993–April 8, 1994).
The ninth season started a few months later. A new host, Josep Maria Bachs, replaced Jordi and Miriam. One of Las Hurtado, Paloma, could not join the cast on the first months because she had been accidentally shot in the face weeks before the launch of the season and was recovering from the surgery. She was replaced by two actresses, Merce Comes and Vicky Plana, who joined the remaining Hurtado sisters, until Paloma returned in January, 1994, with great fanfare and the applause of all the public and members of the cast.
A major change was made on the rules. There would be only two questions instead of three, with a much higher base money for them. Also, in this season there were no champions, and the winners of the question round would be granted the right to buy their presence in the auction with the money they had earned. In the eliminatory round, the other two couples would compete to get the consolation game, where they could increase the money won in the question round. At the end of the auction, the only offer the host would give was to give back the contestants the money earned in the question round in exchange of the final prize. All these changes would only last for this season.
The last week of the show was dedicated to "The big boom". In that show, the sets were all symbolically blown up, putting a definitive end to the show. With the audience rating falling down this end was considered final.
Season 10 (January 9– June 11, 2004).
After more than a decade in hiatus, the show was again resurrected in 2004, but featured big changes, including all new sets and better decorations. A new team of young secretaries and a new host, Luis Roderas, appeared in this season. But the biggest change was the title, which was changed to "Un, dos, tres... a leer esta vez", ("One, two, three, reading this time"). This was done because each week's theme was changed to correspond to a book. The intent was to encourage viewers to read more; contestants had to read the book that was their show's theme in order to be able to answer questions properly. The eliminatory round was no longer a physical game, but a new question round, with more questions about the book. The musical numbers and sets were all dedicated to the book as well, and in the auction, on the first two programs, each object had a question about the book that had to be answered to keep the object on the table, or dismiss it if they failed.
The show also featured a new negative portion that was no longer connected with Tacañon del Todo. The new negative characters – people who burned books – were inspired by Ray Bradbury's book "Fahrenheit 451". 
For the first time ever, couples of contestants could comprise two men or two women. In the past seasons, only couples consisting of a man and a woman were allowed.
A collection of the books that appeared on the show was launched. People had to buy the books, where they could find a booklet with information about the book, the author and the time it was written, and a coupon to participate in the show, either as regular contestants, or by telephone if their letter was selected. On each show, the host telephoned two people, asked them a question about the book and gave them 15 seconds to answer, to win 500 euros if they hit, an amount rose to 1000 euros in subsequent programs when difficulty of the questions was heavily increased (on the first programs, all the answers were in the booklet, but when the prize was rose, to really encourage people to read, only by actually reading the book people could find the answer).
The season started with ratings of nearly 40 percent, but by the end of the season they were down to 16 percent. For the first time ever, the show was canceled before its final show. So far, this has proven to be the show's last season.

</doc>
<doc id="20412567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412567" title="Pete Cashmore">
Pete Cashmore

Pete Cashmore (born 18 September 1985) is the CEO and founder of the popular blog Mashable, a Technorati Top 10 blog worldwide. He grew up in Banchory, and founded Mashable in Aberdeen, Scotland in 2005 at age 19. Cashmore now divides his time between Scotland and the United States.
In 2009, Cashmore was recognized in "Inc."'s "30 Under 30", "Forbes"' "Top 25 Web Celebs", and "The Huffington Post"'s "Top 10 Game Changers 2009". He writes a weekly column on technology and social media at CNN. In 2012, Cashmore made Time magazine's list of the 100 most influential people.
Pete Cashmore was also crowned by INQ as the most influential Briton and most influential Twitter user in the world in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20412571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412571" title="Adolfo Colombo">
Adolfo Colombo

Adolfo Columbo (Canary Islands, 1868 – Havana 1953) was a leading singer in the Alhambra Theatre in Havana, and also an actor and a leading personality in the theatre. Colombo was the most recorded artist in Cuba up to 1925: records show he recorded about 350 numbers between 1906 and 1917.
Colombo was a tenor, who sang regularly with Claudio García (baritone) in the theatre and on recordings. He also recorded with Regino López and other artists between 1906 to 1929. In 1908 he joined the "Cuarteto Villalón" with García, Emilio Reinoso (mandolin), and Alberto Villalón (guitar). This was an early precursor of the son groups that developed later in Havana. Their repertoire included boleros and other Cuban genres such as guarachas, a genre which owed its origin to the theatre. One that has been reissued by "Harlequin" reveals a funky number which is hard to categorize. Listed as a rumba, it is perhaps better described as a "guaracha-son". The artists singing are Colombo and Claudio García, the guitar probably Alberto Villalón, plus an unknown musician playing what may be a "tres" guitar; there is also a clavé. All three named players were white, yet the number is creole, almost Afro-Cuban, in style. "Mamá Teresa" is still quite well known today in Cuba, and has been recorded by many other groups:
Theatre and theatrical music were hugely important in Cuba in the 19th century and the first half of the 20th century. The zarzuelas (light one-act operettas) and bufos (ribald satirical comedy) both included songs with content about contemporary political and social events. They played a part in the creole movement for the emancipation of slaves and the independence of Cuba. They played a part in criticising governments, lampooning public figures and poking fun at the behaviour of men and women.
Most of the recordings Colombo made are now lost, but lyrics have largely survived, and some have been reprinted.
There was a long-standing debate about Colombo's place of birth and origin, which has now been settled by the recent publication of his place of birth as the Canary Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20412576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412576" title="1983 Houston Oilers season">
1983 Houston Oilers season

The 1983 Houston Oilers season was the 24th season overall and 14th with the league. The team improved upon their previous season's output of 1–8, winning two games, but failed to qualify for the playoffs for the third consecutive season. The 460 points allowed by the team are the most given up by the team in franchise history. 
The week 13 game against Tampa Bay, in which both teams had 1–11 records, was nicknamed the "Repus Bowl". Steve Wulf wrote of the game, "Yes, this was the Small One, the battle of the beatens, the movable object meeting the resistible force. There were only tomorrows. When these two teams get together, nothing can happen. This game was for a marble."

</doc>
<doc id="20412579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412579" title="HMS Gabriel">
HMS Gabriel

Five ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Gabriel", after the angel Gabriel. Two others were planned:

</doc>
<doc id="20412586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412586" title="104.6 RTL">
104.6 RTL

104.6 RTL is a private radio station that is produced in a hot adult contemporary format. It is transmitted from studios in Kurfürstendamm in Berlin-Charlottenburg. According to German Media Analysis 2011/II, the station reaches 209,000 listeners in an average transmitting hour (Mon-Fri, 6AM-6PM) with a total of 709,000 listeners per day and thereby is one of the most listened to radio programs in Berlin and Brandenburg.
Program.
The most listened to program on 104.6 RTL is, as is the case for most radio stations worldwide, the morning show, which is known as “Arno and the Morning Crew”. The show has a relatively large talk portion, which has predominantly comedic content, in contrast to the rest of the station’s programs. It has been moderated by Arno Müller since the beginning of the show, who is simultaneously the station's Director of Programming.
The rest of the daily programs are, as is usual for hot adult contemporary stations, contrasted with a music-heavy program, interrupted by short presentations, hourly news (which are always broadcast at ten minutes before the hour), service information, and advertisements.
History.
The station has been broadcasting since September 9, 1991. The model for 104.6 RTL was the radio station 102.7 KISS FM in Los Angeles, from which the method of construction of the radio studio has even been imitated, as well as numerous program elements.
Since 1997, 104.6 RTL has organized one of the largest free open-air festivals in the Kindl-Bühne Wuhlheide once per year with “Stars for Free”.
Many of 104.6 RTL’s programming items were meanwhile taken over by its sister station Hitradio RTL.
In January 2014, the DVB-T distribution was ended in Berlin.
Employees.
Station Voices
Hosts
Transmission Area.
The station covers Berlin and Brandenburg with its transmission.

</doc>
<doc id="20412605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412605" title="Vladimir Gagloyev">
Vladimir Gagloyev

Vladimir Gagloyev () (February 1, 1927 - February 12, 1996) was an Ossetian writer.

</doc>
<doc id="20412638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412638" title="1997 NECBL season">
1997 NECBL season

The 1997 NECBL season was the fourth season of the New England Collegiate Baseball League. The league added a new franchise from Torrington, Connecticut, the Torrington Twisters. The league's Waterbury, Connecticut franchise dropped out after three seasons.
In the semifinal playoff rounds, Torrington defeated Danbury 2-0, and Middletown defeated Rhode Island 2-0. In the championship round, Middletown defeated Torrington 2-1 to win the NECBL championship.
Playoff Results.
Torrington wins series, 2-0.
Middletown wins series, 2-0.
Middletown wins championship, 2-1.

</doc>
<doc id="20412640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412640" title="Seka Gadiyev">
Seka Gadiyev

Seka Gadiyev () (1855/57 - August 3, 1915) was an Ossetian writer.
When he was eighteen years old, he learned to read and write in Georgian and started working at the Georgian Orthodox church in his village. He then began to read a lot, and became familiar with several works of contemporary Georgian writers. In his works he often portrayed the tragic lives of the Ossetian poor, oppressed by chiefs and nobles. He works are richly influenced by the folklore and various legends of the cultures of the Caucasus. He is considered by some literary scholars to be the founder of classical Ossetian prose. 
After his death on July 21 (August 3 in the Julian calendar), 1915, he was buried in the cemetery Meschansky Vladikavkaz, near Elias Chapel, which was later converted to a church. His grave was lost during the span of the Soviet Union. 
His son, Tsomak Sekaevich, was also a famous writer.

</doc>
<doc id="20412641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412641" title="Abington Farm">
Abington Farm

The Abington Farm, or Abbington Farm, is a historic home and farm at Millersville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. The main house is a -story frame, side-passage, double-pile house with additions on both gable ends. The main block dates from about 1840. On the property are several outbuildings, including a frame summer kitchen; a stone and frame ice house; a frame, brick, and stone springhouse/dairy; a frame privy, chicken house, tool shed, and corncrib; a large, elaborate frame stable; and a frame tenant house.
The Abington Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20412674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412674" title="1778 in paleontology">
1778 in paleontology


</doc>
<doc id="20412678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412678" title="Georgy Dzugayev">
Georgy Dzugayev

Georgy Khasakoyevich Dzugayev (, ; 1911 - 1986) was an Ossetian writer. He was captured during World War II and became a prisoner of war; he escaped in February 1945 and fought with the Red Army. After the war, he worked with the Ossetic language magazine "Herald" until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20412698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412698" title="Bell 47J Ranger">
Bell 47J Ranger

The Bell 47J Ranger is an American two-bladed, single engine, light helicopter that was manufactured by Bell Helicopter. It was an executive variant based on the highly successful Bell 47 and was the first helicopter to carry a United States president.
Design and development.
The 47J was a four-seat variant of the earlier three-seat Bell 47H, the 47H was a deluxe variant of the 47G with a fully clad fuselage and enclosed cabin. The 47H proved to be too small and the 47J was developed. The "J" model was a single pilot aircraft with the pilot seat and controls position centered at the front of the cabin close to the 180° view unobstructed lexan "bubble" windscreen. A single bench seat at the rear of the cabin spanned its entire width and allowed for a passenger capacity limited by weight to typically 3 or 4 adults.
Operational history.
In March 1957 two Bell 47Js were bought by the United States Air Force as presidential transport and designated H-13J. On 13 July 1957 a H-13J was the first helicopter used by a United States president when it carried Dwight D. Eisenhower from the White House. In March 1962 the two helicopters were moved from presidential duties but were used as VIP transports for the next five years until retired in July 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="20412720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412720" title="Frederick Stearns Building">
Frederick Stearns Building

The Frederick Stearns Building is a manufacturing plant located at 6533 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1981. It has been converted to condominiums.
History.
Frederick Stearns & Company, established in 1855, was a leading pharmaceutical manufacturer in 19th century Detroit. In the late 1890s, Stearns commissioned William B. Stratton to design this building (Stratton also designed Stearns's personal home, the Frederick K. Stearns House, a few years later). Construction was completed in 1899 at a cost of $85,000.It originally contained Stearns's production facilities, as well as warehouses and white-collar offices. 
The building was converted into condominiums in 1989, and is now known as the Lofts at Rivertown.
Description.
The building was originally three stories in height; a fourth floor was added later. The original building, with its upper story addition, is constructed from brick. The facade is symmetric, with projecting pavilions at each end and another in the center; this front section, which housed the company offices, is 13 bays wide and five bays deep. The center paviolion contains an arched stone entryway and a clock on the third floor. Each window in the Jefferson facade is trimmed with limestone. Fourth-floor gables above the end paviolions add to the appeal of the building.
A taller concrete addition, the top of which can be seen from Jefferson, was built in 1906. This addition was designed by Albert Kahn.

</doc>
<doc id="20412735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412735" title="Alexander Kubalov">
Alexander Kubalov

Alexander Kubalov () (1871, Stary Batakoyurt, Terek Oblast – 1937) was an Ossetian writer.

</doc>
<doc id="20412779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412779" title="Mattheus de Haan">
Mattheus de Haan

Mattheus de Haan (1663–1729) was Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1725 to 1729. (His portrait can be seen at [https://www.rijksmuseum.nl/en/collection/SK-A-3774]).
He was born in Dordrecht in 1663. On 26 October 1671 he left for the Indies, where his father had been appoined as Underbuyer ("onderkoopman") in the Dutch East India Company (VOC). He then quickly went through posts in the lower levels of that organisation in Dutch Suratte. There, in 1676, he was made Provisional Assistant ("provisioneel assistent"), and in 1681 he became "assistent". He became Bookkeeper ("boekhouder") in 1683, and, in 1685, "onderkoopman" (Underbuyer/Undermerchant). Ten years later, in 1695, he was promoted to Buyer/Merchant ("koopman"). The next year he had to move to Batavia, to take up the post of Second Senior Buyer ("tweede opperkoopman") in the Company's headquarters there. Two years later, in 1698, he was promoted to First Senior Buyer ("eerste opperkoopman"). He became Secretary ("secretaris") to the "High Government of the Indies" in 1700 and, in 1702, Vice-President of the "Council of Justice". He was made a Counsellor-extraordinary ("Raad extraordinair") of the Dutch Council of the Indies in 1704. He was then appointed President of the "College van Schepenen" in 1705. Five years later, he was made full Counsellor of the Indies and in 1722 he became "Director-General". On 16 October 1724 he was nominated Governor-General, taking over from Hendrick Zwaardecroon on 8 July 1725.
Characteristic of his time in office was his opposition Zwaardecroon's encouragement of silk cultivation. Coffee production in the De Preanger region (Parahyangan uplands to the south of Batavia) went enormously well and de Haan felt that this would lead to a decline in coffee prices in Europe, so he lowered the prices paid to the coffee farmers. Their response was to chop down some of the coffee plantations. This was not what was intended, and De Haan forbade it. Meanwhile, there was further heavy damage to the production of coffee. Coffee from Java went mainly to Europe. They never managed to get into the Asian market. Coffee from Mocha took off there, as did the Arabic coffee of the English. No action was taken against this. The English also began to play a more important role in the cotton and tea trade.
Following a very unremarkable term in office (De Haan had all his life been more interested in repose than in action), the Governor-General died, after lying ill for three days, on 1 June 1729. He was buried in Batavia and was followed as Governor-General by Diederik Durven.

</doc>
<doc id="20412801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412801" title="Elaine Hoffman-Watts">
Elaine Hoffman-Watts

Elaine Hoffman-Watts is a klezmer drummer from Philadelphia, USA. She comes from a line of klezmer musicians from what is now Ukraine and is the daughter of Jacob Hoffman, a klezmer xylophone player and bandleader from the 1920s who also played with the Philadelphia Orchestra and Ballets Russes Orchestra. Her daughter Susan Watts is a klezmer trumpet player and an important figure in the klezmer revival.
In 1954 she was the first woman Percussionist to be accepted and graduate from the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia.
Since 1998 she has been a regular percussion teacher at Klezkamp, and she has taught percussion in the Philadelphia area since the mid-1960s. In 2007 she won a National Endowment for the Arts National Heritage Fellowship Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20412814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412814" title="Akhsarbek Galazov">
Akhsarbek Galazov

Akhsarbek Khadzhimurzayevich Galazov (; ; October 15, 1929 – April 10 2013) was an Ossetian scientist and politician. Galazov was born in Pravoberezhny District, at the time part of the Soviet Union. He served as president of the Republic of North Ossetia–Alania (Russia) from 1994 until 1998. In 1938 his father Hadzhimurza Ilyasovich was illegally detained by the Soviet government and several years later died in prison.
Education and Employment.
In 1952, he graduated from the State Pedagogical Institute of North Ossetia. From 1952-1958 he worked as a teacher of Russian language and literature and was director of studies at Humalagskoy Secondary School. From 1958 to 1959 he was superintendent of schools of the Ministry of Education of the Soviet Socialist Republic of North Ossetia. From 1959-1960 he served as Director of the Institute of Teachers.
From 1961 to 1975 he was Minister of Education of North Ossetia.
From 1976 to 1990 he was Rector of North Ossetian State University. 
From 1990-1991 he was a member of the Central Committee of the CPSU. Elected deputy of the RSFSR.
Political Activity.
During the armed conflict in South Ossetia following the collapse of the Soviet Union, he authorized the delivery of humanitarian aid, and negotiated for the peaceful settlement of the situation in South Ossetia. He opposed the liberation of North Ossetia from Russia, but at the same time affirmed the possibility of its association with South Ossetia and the consequential creation of a new state, Alania.
In November 1993, he was nominated for the Federation Council. In the elections he ran as an independent candidate. The turnout was 61.26% of registered voters. Galázov won with 53.54% of the vote. 
In January 1994, he was elected the first president of the Republic of North Ossetia and held the position until 1998.
He was married and had two sons and a daughter. One of his sons, Aslan Galázov is an award winning filmmaker, and his daughter, Zalina Galázov, is a lawyer who works in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20412821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412821" title="Gus Gerard">
Gus Gerard

Gus Gerard (born July 27, 1953) is a retired American professional basketball player who played for the Carolina Cougars and Spirits of St. Louis of the American Basketball Association and the Denver Nuggets, Buffalo Braves, Detroit Pistons, Kansas City Kings and San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association.
Gerard played college basketball at the University of Virginia. He was drafted by the Portland Trail Blazers in the 3rd round (14th pick, 50th overall) of the 1975 NBA Draft. 
Gerard was on the 1974–75 ABA All-Rookie First Team and made the 1976 ABA All Star Team. He played in all 84 games of his rookie season. 
Gerard's best NBA season came in 1976–77 when he averaged 10 points a game for the Denver Nuggets. Gerard finally retired the NBA after the 1980–81 season. 
Gerard's ABA and NBA careers were hampered by drug problems; after leaving professional basketball Gerard became a licensed chemical dependency counselor and was involved in a program called Bouncing Back, in which athletes like himself, former Spirits of St. Louis teammate Marvin Barnes and former NBA player Dirk Minniefield travel to schools and businesses, sharing their stories about addiction and recovery.

</doc>
<doc id="20412829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412829" title="Georg Schumann">
Georg Schumann

Georg Schumann may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20412833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412833" title="Capt. Salem Avery House">
Capt. Salem Avery House

The Capt. Salem Avery House is a historic home and museum at Shady Side, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story frame building, located on a rectangular lot, overlooking the West River and Chesapeake Bay. The property consists of the main house with additions; three sheds formerly used as bath houses; and a modern boathouse built in 1993, featuring the locally built EDNA FLORENCE, a 1937 Chesapeake Bay deadrise workboat. The two-story house consists of the original residence, constructed about 1860, which was later expanded the 19th century and in the 1920s, by the National Masonic Fishing and Country Club.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
The house is now a local history museum known as Captain Salem Avery Museum, and is operated by the Shady Side Rural Heritage Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20412840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412840" title="Assassination in Rome">
Assassination in Rome

Assassination in Rome () is a 1965 Italian thriller film of the giallo genre directed by Silvio Amadio.

</doc>
<doc id="20412851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412851" title="Only Connect">
Only Connect

Only Connect is a quiz show programme presented by Victoria Coren Mitchell, first shown on BBC Four on 15 September 2008 until spring 2014, and expected to air on BBC Two from Series 10 (autumn 2014) onwards. In the series, teams compete in a tournament of finding connections between seemingly unrelated clues. "Radio Times"s listings usually describe it as "a game of patience and lateral thinking".
The phrase "Only connect" was originally used as the epigraph to E. M. Forster's 1910 novel "Howards End".
Format.
Each programme has two teams of three people competing in four rounds of gameplay. In the first three series, clues in Rounds 1 and 2 and the connecting walls in Round 3 were identified by Greek letters. In series 4 Coren announced that this idea had been dropped, ostensibly due to viewer complaints that it was too pretentious, and that henceforth Ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs (two reeds, lion, twisted flax, horned viper, water and the eye of Horus) would be used instead. The show's opening sequence continued to display Greek letters until series 5, when they were replaced with the hieroglyphs. In series 7 the "knockout" format was modified to let losing teams compete for second chance places, in a rule change that Coren Mitchell said that even she did not fully understand.
Round 1: Connections.
Teams are given up to four clues and must try to figure out the connection between them within 40 seconds. The team is initially shown one clue, and may request the remaining three clues at any time within the 40 seconds (they are not automatically shown). The team may press their buzzer to guess after the first clue for 5 points, the second for 3, the third for 2, or the fourth for 1. If the team guesses incorrectly, or fails to buzz within the time allotted, the question is thrown over to the other team for a bonus point, after being shown any remaining clues. Typically, one of the six puzzles involves pictures, and another uses pieces of music, both classical and contemporary.
Round 2: Sequences.
Each set of clues is now a sequence, and teams must try to figure out the fourth item in the sequence (therefore, the team will only be able to see three clues), again as early as possible. They must give the final item in the sequence, and score points even if their theory for the connection is incorrect. As in the previous round, each team will play three sets; again, if one team fails to guess, it is thrown over to the other team, who can see any remaining clues and earn one point by guessing correctly. As in Round 1, one of the sets of clues involves pictures.
For example, sequential clues of "5 C in an N", "2 N in a D" and "2 1/2 D in a Q" would be answered correctly with "4 Q in a D" (the explanation being abbreviations of US coin values, five cents in one nickel, etc.)
Round 3: Connecting Wall.
Each team receives a wall of 16 clues and must figure out a perfect solution, consisting of four groups of four connected items. The puzzles are designed to suggest more connections than actually exist, and some clues appear to fit into more than one category. Teams score 1 point for each group found within 2 minutes 30 seconds. They try to create one group at a time, and may make unlimited guesses on the first two groups. Once two groups have been identified, they only have three chances to identify the remaining two groups.
Should the team fail to complete the wall, the missing groupings are shown. Teams can then earn 1 point per group for identifying the connection, regardless of whether they correctly identified the grouping. A team that identifies all four groups and all four connections earns a 2-point bonus, for a total of 10 points. Unlike the previous two rounds, teams have no opportunity to score on their opponents' wall.
On 1 March 2010, an interactive online version of this round was put on the Only Connect website. In the summer of 2011, coinciding with Series 5, the website took online submissions for new Connecting Walls, although a successful submission does not guarantee publication on the site.
Round 4: Missing Vowels.
In a final buzzer round, the teams are presented with a series of word puzzles. The category of the puzzles is given prior to them being displayed, and each category contains a maximum of four puzzles. Each puzzle is a word or phrase with the vowels removed and the spaces shifted to disguise the original words. For example, in a category of "Booker Prize-winning novels", a puzzle of "VR NNGDLT TL" would be correctly answered as "Vernon God Little".
Teams answer simultaneously using buzzers, and score 1 point for each puzzle they solve, but lose 1 point for guessing incorrectly.
The round lasts for two minutes. The team with the most points at the end of the game advances in the tournament. If teams are tied, then a single sudden-death puzzle is given to the captains of each team with no category given. If a captain correctly buzzes in with the correct answer first then their team wins, but an incorrect answer automatically forfeits the game.
Ratings.
Series 7.
♦ Highest rated edition to date (first showing on BBC Four)
Specials.
Names in bold indicate the captains of the celebrity teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20412857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412857" title="Franz Asplmayr">
Franz Asplmayr

Franz Asplmayr (1 April 1728 – 29 July 1786) was an Austrian composer and violinist. There are many variants of his name, including Franz Aspelmayr, Franz Aschpellmayr and Franz Appelmeyer. He is best known for an opera on Greek myths, and for a few symphonies and string trios of his which were attributed to Joseph Haydn at one time. Among the few scholars who have studied his music, there are many differing opinions as to the quality. J. Murray Barbour, for one, deems Asplmayr's 80 minuets "scored mostly for oboes, horns, and strings, without violas," that "all are extremely boring, as if written between beers." Temperly, on the other hand, finds advances "with respect to harmony and developmental techniques."
Asplmayr was born in Linz. His father taught him violin and by the 1750s he had steady employment playing violin in Vienna. In 1761 he took over Christoph Willibald Gluck's duty of writing ballet music for the German troupe. Although he was paid to write symphonies, few of those scores have survived to our time.

</doc>
<doc id="20412859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412859" title="Stadtluft macht frei">
Stadtluft macht frei

Stadtluft macht frei ("urban air makes you free"), or "Stadtluft macht frei nach Jahr und Tag" ("city air makes you free after a year and a day"), is a German saying describing a principle of law in the Middle Ages. The period of a year and a day was a conventional period widely employed in Europe to represent a significant amount of time. 
From the 11th century onwards, liberated serfs and other members of the Third Estate founded settlements alongside the old Roman or Germanic. It was customary law that a city resident was free after one year and one day. After this he could no longer be reclaimed by his employer and thus became bound to the city. Serfs could flee the feudal lands and gain freedom in this way, making cities a territory outside the feudal system to a certain extent. This created the conditions for the revolts such as the Münster Rebellion
With the Statutum in favorem principum ("Statute in Favor of the Princes"), this regulation of customary law was officially abolished for the Holy Roman Empire in 1231/32. According to the statute, cities under royal jurisdiction were forbidden to protect serfs originally owned by the regional princes or their vassals. The statute is an example of power devolving from Imperial authority to that of territorial magnates during the drawn-out contest between the Hohenstaufen emperors and the Papacy.
The medieval concept of liberty was largely confined to traditional collective rights and privileges based in custom and precedent and often expressed in territorial "liberties" such as, to take English examples, the Liberties of the Tower of London or the Liberties of the Savoy. Historically, the development of individualism is a product of the ideology of liberalism, whose emphasis on modern "individual" liberties and freedom emerged in opposition to authoritarian oppression, in England culminating in the Glorious Revolution of 1688, and in France surfacing during the French Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="20412891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412891" title="Jackalope (disambiguation)">
Jackalope (disambiguation)

Jackalope can refer to:
In music:
In computing:
In sports:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="20412917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412917" title="HMS Gadfly">
HMS Gadfly

Four ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Gadfly":

</doc>
<doc id="20412950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412950" title="Amb, Pakistan">
Amb, Pakistan

Amb is a village in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It became part of Pakistan in 1947, and lies on the west bank of the Indus River. Historically it has been the capital of Amb State.

</doc>
<doc id="20412956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412956" title="HW Virginis c">
HW Virginis c

HW Virginis c is an extrasolar planet located approximately 590 light years away in the constellation of Virgo, orbiting the 11th magnitude eclipsing binary star HW Virginis. This planet is very massive, at least 8.47 times more than Jupiter. This is a long-period planet with an orbital revolution of about 9 years and 1 month, orbiting at a distance of 3.62 AU or about 542 Gm. As it is typical for long-period planets, this planet orbits in an eccentric path. If it was located in our Solar System, this planet would orbit entirely between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter, or in the asteroid belt. The planet's radius, temperature, and true mass are not known; the inclination of its orbit is also unknown.
This planet was discovered by Jae Woo Lee and collaborators on November 24, 2008. This is the first planet that was discovered by using the eclipse-timing method along with the brown dwarf HW Virginis b.

</doc>
<doc id="20412970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412970" title="Gladiators (2008 UK TV series) Series Two">
Gladiators (2008 UK TV series) Series Two

The second series of "Gladiators" started in December 2008 with a Legends Special. The series aired on Sky1 and Sky1 HD. Many changes were made from the first series, including six new gladiators - Cyclone (returning from series one), Siren, Amazon, Warrior, Goliath and Doom. Three more games were added to the event pool - Pursuit & Suspension Bridge, which were seen in the ITV version of the show, and Rocketball. Ian Wright returned as presenter with Caroline Flack, who replaced Kirsty Gallacher. Taking over from original referee John Anderson was boxing referee John Coyle.
Gladiators.
Female:
Male:
Ex-Gladiators (who didn't return for Series 2):
Bold represents new Gladiators for Series 2.
Events.
Three new events were added to the pool for the second series. Suspension Bridge and Pursuit returned from the original series. Suspension Bridge is now played over water and the Pursuit course also contains a water element. The only new event was Rocketball, a modified version of Swingshot from the original series. The Eliminator layout was also heavily revised for this series, now including the "Floor Travelator" as the preceding obstacle to the monkey bars.
The Contenders.
Notes: Red & Blue denote the colours worn by the contestant 
Contenders in bold are the ones that advanced 
^ denotes the fastest runner-up in the 1/4 finals thus advancing to the semis. 
Ratings.
Episode Viewing figures from BARB
Specials.
The Legends Strike Back.
Aired on 21 December 2008, original Gladiators Lightning, Wolf, Scorpio, Trojan, Rocket, Cobra, Siren and Bullit returned to the arena to compete against the new breed of Gladiators. In both of the Eliminators, the new breed of Gladiators won.
Battle of the Forces.
Aired on 15 February 2009, Contenders from the RAF, Navy & The Army competed against each other in the second Battle of the Forces competition. The winning female contender was from the RAF and the winning male contender was from the Army.
Champion of Champions.
Aired on 5 April 2009, Last year's champions, Anna & Simon, compete against this year's champions, Kathryn & David. Anna proved to be on better form in the women's competition, but Simon failed to meet his expectations, and this year's winner David scooped the win.
Battle of the Athletes.
Aired on 12 April 2009, Four Olympic Athletes - Karen Pickering, Kelly Smith, James DeGale and Kyran Bracken - competed against each other for charity. Kelly Smith and Kyran Bracken were the Champions. Although a first occcured in Gladiators as boxer James DeGale slipped on the Floor Travelator, which has never happened before.
The Legends Last Stand.
Aired on 25 October 2009, In the last ever episode, ex-Gladiators Trojan, Ace, Khan, Cobra, Rebel, Vogue, Panther and Siren return to the arena for one last time to compete against the new Gladiators. Features include Khan facing Goliath on Duel, and Wolf battling Trojan on Earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="20412971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412971" title="HMS Gainsborough">
HMS Gainsborough

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Gainsborough":

</doc>
<doc id="20412994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412994" title="Belvoir (Crownsville, Maryland)">
Belvoir (Crownsville, Maryland)

Belvoir is a historic home at Crownsville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a two-story, T-shaped building, constructed of brick, stone, and wood. The home is a product of building evolution spanning the 18th, 19th, and 20th centuries. The earliest portion was probably built about 1736, but could date to the 17th century.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20412995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20412995" title="Magic item (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
Magic item (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)

In the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, a magic item is any object that has magical powers inherent in it. These may act on their own or be the tools of the character in whose hands they fall into. Magic items have been prevalent in the game in every edition and setting, from the original edition in 1974 until the modern fourth edition. In addition to jewels and gold coins, they form part of the treasure that the players often seek in a dungeon. Magic items are generally found in treasure hoards, or recovered from fallen opponents; sometimes, a powerful or important magic item is the object of a quest.
Categories.
Magical items are classified into several categories, depending to a certain degree on the game edition. These categories include weapons, armor, potions, rings, scrolls and miscellaneous (or wondrous) items, and another category called "rods, staves, and wands", which is sometimes separated into its three stated components. With version 3.5 of the D&D rules, these item categories were associated with particular "feats", that a player character can acquire.
Weapons and armor.
Weapons (such as magic swords) and armor in the D&D game serve to make characters more effective in combat. Commonly, magical weapons increase both the chances of hitting an opponent, as well as the amount of damage the weapon will deal, while magical armor decreases an opponent's chances of hitting the character. They are assigned enchantment ratings such as +1 or +5, indicating the strength of the increase or decrease. Some magic weapons and armor are outfitted with additional magical properties.
Potions.
A potion is a magic liquid that produces its effect upon a character when imbibed. Each type of potion has a specific effect, from turning a character invisible, to curing the character's wounds. Generally, a potion only functions once, when consumed. There are also magic oils which take effect by being rubbed on a character or object, instead of being drunk.
Rings.
Magic rings bestow magical powers upon a character wearing one. Most will function when activated, though some have a limit on how many times they can be used in one day. Traditionally, a character may only wear two magic rings at a time.
Rods, Staves, and Wands.
Magic rods, staves, and wands are devices that can be used to produce a number of magical effects by a character wielding one. Some of these items reproduce specific magic spells, and can only be wielded by a character proficient in that type of spell.
Scrolls.
A magic scroll is a spell or collection of spells that has been stored in written form. Once a spell has been cast from a scroll, the scroll can no longer be used to cast that spell. The scroll must be magically deciphered before it can be used; this can only be done by a member of the appropriate class for the spell.
Wondrous items / miscellaneous magic items.
Wondrous items, or miscellaneous magic items (the name of this category depends on the edition), are magic items which don't fit into any of the other major categories, and can come as many different types. Some are boots, cloaks, robes, jewelry, or other objects that can be worn, but would not be considered armor. Some come in the form of books or tomes, such as the book of vile darkness and book of exalted deeds; these items can generally only be used once, but will grant a permanent enhancement to the reader (if of the appropriate class and alignment for the item). Some are magical musical instruments that can cause various effects when played. Other wondrous items can store items in extra-dimensional spaces, such as the bag of holding or portable hole.
Intelligent items.
Some magic items possess an intrinsic intelligence. These items strive for certain goals and may seek to dominate their owners to further their agenda. But they also have special powers which they will use in the service of their cause.
Cursed items.
Some magic items affect the character using them in a negative way, either by design or by accident. The "girdle of femininity/masculinity" is an example of a magic item designed to have an undesired effect on the character using it. Cursed weapons and armor often have numerical penalties instead of bonuses, making them less effective than a non-magical item of the same type.
Artifacts.
Artifacts are unique, powerful magic items. Unlike typical magic items, artifacts cannot be created in play and cannot be disenchanted or destroyed by mundane means. Each artifact is intelligent and has specific goals. An artifact's power depends on its current attitude towards its wielder; its more powerful effects may work alterations on its wielder as a side effect.
Examples of artifacts include the Axe of the Dwarvish Lords, the Codex of the Infinite Planes, the Eye and Hand of Vecna, Heward's Mystical Organ, the Rod of Seven Parts, the Mace of Cuthbert, the Wand of Orcus, and the Sword of Kas.
Overview of magic items by edition.
Original Dungeons & Dragons (1974).
The original D&D boxed set introduced all the traditional magic item categories, except for rods (which first appeared in the "Greyhawk" supplement).
Magical bonuses for weapons and armor in the original game were originally capped at +3 (+2 for armor); but +4 and +5 swords and armor were introduced in the Greyhawk supplement, which also allowed non-sword weapons to have their bonuses applied to damage as well as to-hit rolls. Cursed weapons and armor usually had a -1 enchantment, except for the Berserker Sword which was +1. All magic swords were intelligent in the original game; this did not change until the introduction of the Advanced and Basic games.
Some staves and rods in these editions had additional properties beyond their spell-casting ability, often enabling them to be used as weapons. The main difference between the three item categories was that they used different saving throw categories.
In addition to spell scrolls, there are scrolls of protection. These items can be used to produce a magical field that repels a certain type of monster or protects against a certain effect; unlike spell scrolls, they do not need to be deciphered and can be used by all classes.
Magical tridents were considered miscellaneous items, rather than weapons, since the trident was not yet defined as a weapon.
Artifacts were mentioned in the original set text, but were first detailed in the "Eldritch Wizardry" supplement. The artifacts are given suggested powers that can be changed by the DM. Weapon-type artifacts usually respected the +3/+5 limit on magical bonuses. An additional set of artifacts were described in an article in the Strategic Review.
Basic Dungeons & Dragons.
The Holmes Basic set greatly curtailed the list of items from the original rules, especially removing the most powerful items. Most swords in this version of D&D had a +1 or +2 magical bonuses; the exceptions being the cursed sword -1 and the Troll Slayer sword +3 (which is only +1 against nontrolls). Other items always had +1 enchantment, except for the cursed armors, which were -2.
In addition to spell scrolls, there are scrolls of protection. These items can be used to produce a magical field that repels a certain type of monster or protects against a certain effect; unlike spell scrolls, they do not need to be deciphered and can be used by all classes. Moreover, the Holmes Basic Set allowed scrolls to duplicate the effects of other items, to make up for the limited spell list.
The Moldvay Basic Set revises the item list, removing such things as the now-useless Troll Slayer (trolls did not appear till the Expert Set in this version). Cursed armor now raises the wearer's AC to 9 (the same as an unarmored human in the Basic game), rather than having a fixed negative enchantment. The cursed sword is still -1. In addition, cursed swords add their enchantment to both hit rolls and damage, as in the Advanced game; the old Basic set followed the Original rules in this regard.
Spell scrolls have lost the ability to duplicate rings and potions, but gained the ability to contain 2nd and 3rd level spells of both classes, even though these are not available to 3rd level PCs by normal means.
The contemporary Cook/Marsh Expert Set adds more items, allowing all equipment types to be enchanted up to +3, and allowing cursed armor and shields to have any of -1, -2, or AC 9 enchantments. Swords can also be intelligent (this occurs 33.5% of the time) giving them powers and ego similar to OD&D magical swords.
Spell scrolls can now only contain spells of up to 6th level, which could also be cast by 14th level magic users (although not by 14th level clerics).
The Mentzer Basic Set revises the item list again, adding a +2 shield and dagger as well as the sword; cursed equipment of all types is -1.
Spell scrolls in the Mentzer Basic Set retain their previous cap of 3rd level.
Artifacts and relics were not introduced into the Basic game until the Master set.
1st edition AD&D.
In the 1st edition of AD&D, each normal (i.e., not cursed or an artifact) magic item has an experience value and a GP value; these statistics are used in item creation. The experience is awarded to player for finding the item, while the GP value represents the amount of money a character would typically get for selling it.
Magical bonuses for swords and armor in these editions are generally capped at +5, except for artifacts. Non-sword weapons have only bonuses of +3 or lower (again, some artifacts exceed this limit). Cursed weapons and armor usually have a -1 enchantment, except in a few special cases.
Some staves and rods in these editions have additional properties beyond their spell-casting ability, often enabling them to be used as weapons.
In addition to spell scrolls, there are scrolls of protection. These items can be used to produce a magical field that repels a certain type of monster or protects against a certain effect; unlike spell scrolls, they do not need to be deciphered and can be used by all classes.
In the first edition, all artifacts are classed as miscellaneous magic items, even ones that are weapons, armor, or rings. Each artifact has a certain number of Minor, Major, and Prime Powers, and of Minor, Major, and Side Effects which trigger when the item is acquired, or its Major and Prime Powers are used. The powers and effects are selected by the DM from a set of lists, so that players cannot predict the artifact's powers.
2nd edition AD&D.
In the 2nd edition of AD&D, each normal magic item again has an experience value, which is given to the player character for successfully creating it. This edition has a similar item list to that of 1st edition, although the second edition core rules include many of the items that were introduced in the first edition rulebook Unearthed Arcana.
The second edition does not cover artifacts in the core rules at all, instead describing them in a separate book, the "Book of Artifacts".
3rd and 3.5 editions.
In the 3rd and 3.5 editions, magic items are divided not only into the traditional nine categories, but also by body slot; two items worn on the same body slot will not function. Each magic item has a caster level, and normal magic items have a price.
Magical bonuses for weapons and armor are always capped at +5 for regular items (it no longer depends on weapon type), but this cap is lifted not only for artifacts but also for epic-level items. Typically, numerical bonuses on equipment are classified as "enhancement bonuses", named bonuses of the same type do not stack with each other when applied to the same roll or statistic, but bonuses of different types stack with each other. One exception to this rule is that the "enhancement bonus" of a magical suit of armor will stack with the "enhancement bonus" of a magical shield.
Potions and oils, in these editions, generally reproduce the effects of low level spells. Likewise, wands and staves also reproduce standard spell effects; wands contain charges of a single spell (which will cost only one charge), while staves contain multiple spells, some of which can cost more than one charge to activate. A few types of staves, such as the "staff of power", have additional properties.
Unlike staves and wands, 3rd edition magical rods generally do not mimic spells or have charges, and can be activated by anyone.
The third edition uses the term "wondrous items" in place of "miscellaneous magic items". It split artifacts into "minor" and "major" categories; the major artifacts being equivalent to the artifacts of the earlier editions, while the minor artifacts included non-creatable but non-unique items such as the magic books or "spheres of annihilation".
4th edition.
In the 4th edition, magic items are divided into 12 broad categories: armor, implements, weapons, rings, consumables, wondrous items, and items which occupy the arms, feet, hands, head, neck and waist slots. Standard magic items have a level from 1 to 30 and a cost in gold pieces. With the exception of consumables, which use a separate cost table, items of the same level have the same cost. Wands, rods, and staves are all considered implements in the new edition; staves are considered to be weapons as well.
The powers of magic items are divided into at-will, encounter, daily, healing surge and consumable powers. The first three classes function like their class power counterparts, being limited in usage by the character's level. Healing Surge powers function like daily powers; however, they can be recharged by expending a healing surge. Consumable powers are generally found on consumable items, a class which includes potions, elixirs, reagents, and whetstones.
Properties are passive, unlimited-use effects of magic items, such the carrying capacity and weight reduction of a "bag of holding". Magical bonuses can now be found on implements and neck slot items as well as armor and weapons; they range from +1 to +6, and each bonus level is associated with a particular range of character levels. The magical bonus on a neck-slot item applies to fortitude, reflex and will defenses.
Ritual scrolls are single use consumable items, each of which contains a specific ritual (4th edition's equivalent of non-combat spells), halves the time required to perform that ritual and allows it to be performed without a ritual book. After it has been expended, a ritual scroll crumbles to dust. Unlike the scrolls of previous editions, 4th edition's scrolls are not classified as magical items.
Artifacts are unique, powerful magic items. Unlike typical magical items, artifacts have tiers (heroic, paragon or epic) rather than specific levels, and don't have costs. Artifacts are intelligent items with their own goals, an artifact's power depends on its current attitude towards its wielder, attitude is tracked as an integer, which can be raised or lowered in various circumstances which vary from artifact to artifact. Artifacts can "move on" in various circumstances, such as when their goal is achieved, or when they are displeased by their wielders.
Examples.
The vorpal sword first appeared in "Supplement I: Greyhawk" (1976), listed as "Vorpal Blade", and later appeared in the original "Dungeon Master's Guide" (1979), listed as "sword, vorpal weapon". The name of the sword is derived from the vorpal sword mentioned in Lewis Carroll's "Jabberwocky", apparently a reference to the boy's decapitation of the Jabberwock. The designers of the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game take "vorpal" to mean capable of decapitation, specifically through magical means. "Vorpal swords" exist fictionally in various works, especially in role-playing games and video games, where they are generally based on the Dungeons & Dragons concept. While its statistics have varied through the editions of the game, the weapon has been defined by its magical power to decapitate foes more easily than an ordinary weapon could. The vorpal blade in 4th edition "Dungeons & Dragons" does not behead opponents.
A ring of regeneration bestows magical ability of "regeneration" upon its wearer. Because of the way that "Dungeons & Dragons" handles regeneration, the wearer is essentially immortal. Regeneration allows successful reattaching of severed limbs or regrowing them. Rings of regeneration can be given different levels of power by the Dungeon Master. The magnitude of their regenerative abilities is given as a numerical value, which represents the number of hit points regained per "combat round", or six seconds. A lesser form of "regeneration" that does not allow the regrowth of lost limbs is called "fast healing".
Boots of speed enable the wearer to run very fast—usually as fast as a galloping horse, or slower if the wearer is heavy. The wearer must usually rest for long periods after use.
Ioun stones (pronounced EYE-oon) are based on similar artifacts from Jack Vance's "Dying Earth series". When functioning, they float in a circular pattern around their bearer's head, and grant various benefits based on their color and shape. Two stones of the same type will repel each other, and when drained of power, a stone becomes a dull grey, but still possesses the characteristic floating. While useless to a mage, burned out stones can still yield a single psionic power point to a psionic character in 3rd and 3.5 editions. In the original Jack Vance stories IOUN stones are highly prized by arch-magicians, and are acquired from a race known as the archveults, who mine them from remnants of dead stars (in his book "Rhialto the Marvellous"). In 2E "Dungeons & Dragons" it had been conjectured in "Dragon" magazine that Ioun stones instead come from the Positive Material Plane. "Dragon" #174 featured an article that included many dozens of new types of "ioun stone", as well as an article about an elemental lord who hoards "ioun stones" on his home plane of radiance. Under 3.0/3.5 editions of the rules they are instead manufactured by spellcasters in the same manner as other magical items.

</doc>
<doc id="20413067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413067" title="Benson-Hammond House">
Benson-Hammond House

The Benson-Hammond House is a historic home at Linthicum Heights, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, six-by-two-bay, 19th-century brick dwelling, constructed in the Greek Revival style. The building is now home to the Ann Arrundell County Historical Society.
The Benson-Hammond House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20413071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413071" title="Desmet method">
Desmet method

The so-called Desmet Method (also known as Desmetcolor) is a method for restoring the colours of early silent films, which had originally been subjected to the processes of either:
It was developed by Noël Desmet, a film archivist and restorer working for the "Cinémathèque Royale de Belgique" in Brussels, Belgium.
Background.
Before the 1960s, early coloured films were almost without exception preserved on black and white film and the colours, if recorded at all, only noted in writing. These actions have unfortunately cost many subsequent restorations dearly. Fortunately, however, there are a number of different methods for restoring early coloured films today, each of which nonetheless comes with its own inherent strengths and weaknesses.
The most obvious, in a way the most straightforward (though it still requires a great deal of skill and accuracy in order to be done successfully), and still the most common method today is that of copying the original coloured print ‘as is’ onto modern Eastman colour inter-negative film. From the developed inter-negative then a new colour positive print can be struck.
If set up and executed correctly, the colours in the new positive print can resemble very closely the colours in the original print but only as they survive today. Therefore, whatever fading, decomposition and/or other changes, which may have occurred to the colours down through the years, will also be copied along with them. Unfortunately, beyond the possibility to make very slight improvements to the saturation this method offers little in the way of any colour restoration. There are, meanwhile, other notable disadvantages, not least the use of modern colour film stock. Colour film is both expensive and has questionable archival permanence, as modern colour dyes are known to fade in time.
It was largely as a result of these problems that Noël Desmet, starting in the 1960s, developed his own flashing method for restoring silent films, which had originally been coloured either by the process of tinting or toning (or both). With Desmet’s method, the original colour print is first copied onto modern, panchromatic black and white inter-negative film, rather than colour film. The colours are then applied later during production of the positive print.
Technique.
For the reproduction of a print coloured by tinting only, the developed black and white inter-negative is first printed onto modern colour print stock in an initial printing pass. The same piece of film is then flashed with the appropriate coloured light (or a neutral light shone through a colour filter) in a second printing pass.
The result is effectively little more than a colour image on top of a black and white one but the illusion is quite convincing. The use of coloured lights or filters, meanwhile, allows one greater freedom in attempting to reproduce the colours as they might have originally looked.
For the reproduction of prints coloured by toning, the developed black and white inter-negative is exposed onto colour print film using a coloured light source rather than a neutral one. As the light passes more easily through the light parts of the negative image, the result will be colour in only the dark parts of the positive image, effectively simulating the original tone.
Combined tints and tones can be reproduced using this same process, to simulate the tone, but with the addition of a second printing pass to colour the light parts of the image, simulating the original tint. It is very important to balance the colours correctly during testing beforehand since, as the second pass covers the whole image, the two colours are apt to mix.
Benefits and drawbacks.
The main benefits of the Desmet method are in cost, as black and white negative film is still generally cheaper than colour film. In addition, the black and white inter-negative provides a greater archival record than colour film, since it is not subject to the same fading as the colour dyes used in modern colour inter-negative films.
That said the Desmet method is not without its drawbacks. Principle among these is that the technique cannot be employed for more selectively coloured prints, such as those coloured by the Pathécolor (later Pathéchrome) stencil process or the Handschiegl processes. These prints must still be copied directly onto modern colour inter-negative film or scanned to a digital format, manipulated digitally and then recorded back onto film.
The use of modern colour film for the positive print is another drawback. Modern colour film stock effectively produces the required colour range by the subtractive mix of cyan, magenta and yellow dyes. These dyes are incapable of reproducing the same levels of saturation and hue as some of the single colour dyes used to colour the film in the first place, particularly primary colours such as red and green. Nonetheless, the Desmet method still offers a greater range of saturated colours than the colour inter-negative method.
It is still technically possible to reproduce these vintage colour effects by means of the original methods today. This is, of course, the most accurate method in terms of reproduction, though even then it cannot be said to be entirely accurate, as modern black-and-white print film, whilst very similar to the film used in the early years of cinema, will still exhibit different properties to the film stocks used then. It is also the most complex, time consuming and expensive procedure. Moreover, many of the toxic dyes originally offered by manufacturers are no longer available today, on account of increased health and safety standards. Those available, meanwhile, can often only be purchased at great expense. As a result, only a select few film laboratories specialised in film restoration are capable of offering this facility today.1
Another method worth mentioning, which has become increasingly common in recent years, is to transfer the original colour print to a high resolution digital format and manipulate the image in the digital domain before reconstituting it back on film. Without a doubt this method offers the widest freedom in terms of restoration, since many things are possible with digital that would not be possible by traditional photochemical means.
It is also, however, the most ethically questionable, since it involves the transfer to a different medium, which comes with its own unique properties and limitations, losing many of the inherent, film-like properties of the original along the way. It is also the least archivally sound, since the longevity of digital media formats has not yet been determined. Thus, while digital techniques in film restoration are undoubtedly on the rise, they are still far from becoming standard.

</doc>
<doc id="20413098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413098" title="Joe Dougherty">
Joe Dougherty

Joseph Tapley "Joe" Dougherty (November 4, 1898 - April 19, 1978) was an American voice actor who provided the original voice of the Warner Brothers animation character, Porky Pig, starting with the character's debut in "I Haven't Got a Hat" in 1935 until "Porky's Romance" in 1937. After that, Mel Blanc took over the role and voiced Porky for 52 years. Dougherty spoke with a natural stutter which became one of the character's trademarks; Dougherty's inability to control his stutter was a factor in the part being recast.
Dougherty was born in Missouri. Before becoming an actor, Dougherty attended medical school at the University of Nebraska, where he was a member of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity. He died in Los Angeles, California.
Death.
Dougherty died on April 19, 1978 from a heart attack. He was 79 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20413103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413103" title="Roger Lake">
Roger Lake

Roger Lake (also called Rogers Lake or Rogers Pond) is a mountain pond located in a meadow on Aneroid Mountain in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of Northeastern Oregon, United States. It is from Aneroid Lake on trail 1804. It is listed as the 29th highest lake in the Eagle Cap Wilderness
Trail.
Roger Lake can be accessed by either the East Fork Wallowa River Trailhead at Wallowa Lake or the Tenderfoot Trailhead. The East Fork Wallowa River Trailhead is by far a shorter hike to Roger Lake, being only long. After about of hiking on the East Fork Wallowa River Trail, the climber will reach a small dam. At there is a small, well built bridge. The average depth of the lake is , and the maximum depth is . The trail is usually very well maintained. It may be heavily traveled in the summer months.

</doc>
<doc id="20413108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413108" title="Pakhapani">
Pakhapani

Pakhapani may refer to the following places in Nepal:

</doc>
<doc id="20413112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413112" title="Painted Desert Community Complex Historic District">
Painted Desert Community Complex Historic District

The Painted Desert Community Complex is the administrative center of Petrified Forest National Park. The community center includes administrative facilities, utility structures and National Park Service employee housing, planned by architects Richard Neutra and Robert Alexander as part of the Mission 66 park facilities improvement program. Work on the community began in 1961 and was completed by 1965. The complex contrasts with earlier Park Service architecture that sought to blend with the environment. The Painted Desert community used straight manufactured materials that deliberately draw a contrast with the natural environment.
The most significant building is the Painted Desert Visitor Center, designed as a severely modernist structure that includes administrative offices., a visitor center, an auditorium, a clinic and staff apartments. Other structures include a community center, school and a Fred Harvey Company concession building.
Neutra and Alexander paid particular attention to the division of the complex into public and private areas, using low walls to divide the Park Service service area from the central zone, and setting the inward-facing residential areas at a distance. Pedestrian circulation paths are used as defining organizing elements.
The original landscape design used non-native plants that required regular watering. Removal of irrigation caused these plants to die, altering the landscape.

</doc>
<doc id="20413160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413160" title="Willowick Place, Houston">
Willowick Place, Houston

Willowick Place at River Oaks was a proposed gated community in Houston, Texas, United States. The neighborhood would have been in close proximity to the River Oaks subdivision.
Looney Ricks Kiss, a Memphis, Tennessee architecture and planning firm designed the community. McCord Development, a Houston real estate firm, owns the land which Willowick Place will occupy. McCord bought the Willowick Court Townhomes, a 171-unit 1970s-era multi-family complex located at 3237 Las Palmas Drive. McCord planned to develop Willowick Place on the former Willowick Court site.
The community was supposed to consist of 62 houses in a area. The community was to be bounded by Las Palmas Street, West Alabama Street, Weslayan Street and West Main Street. The house prices will range from $2.5 million to $5 million U.S. dollars. The lots were priced from $900,000 to $2 million. The Houston City Council approved the closure of Las Palmas Street between West Main and West Alabama to prepare for the construction of Willowick Place. The homeowners association was to maintain green spaces and gardens. Ryan McCord, the executive vice president of McCord Development, said that he chose to develop a single-family complex because focus groups and market studies indicated a demand for smaller single-family housing for wealthy Houstonians who wanted to downsize yet did not want to abandon the idea of living in a single-family house.
Hurricane Ike came to Houston in September 2008; the hurricane did not damage the trees within the planned subdivision. In an October 24, 2008 "Houston Business Journal" article, McCord said that he was glad that the trees did not sustain damage, as 25% of the home sites had been reserved. The developers said the canopy formed by the trees, around 40 years old as of 2008, formed the inspiration for the subdivision.
In 2009 the owner of the Willowick Court Townhomes canceled the plans to convert the property into home sites, saying that the current economic climate was not feasible.

</doc>
<doc id="20413165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413165" title="Seven Hours of Gunfire">
Seven Hours of Gunfire

Seven Hours of Gunfire (, ) is a 1965 Spanish Spaghetti Western film directed by Joaquín Luis Romero Marchent (as José Hernandez).

</doc>
<doc id="20413166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413166" title="Indian triggerfish">
Indian triggerfish

The Indian triggerfish ("Melichthys indicus"), also known as the black-finned triggerfish, has a brown body and black fins with white lines at the base of the dorsal and anal fins. It is found in the Indo-Pacific oceans. They can grow up to long.
The Indian triggerfish usually feeds on hard-shelled mollusks and echinoderms, but some feed on algae and zooplankton. They are often very aggressive over their eggs, but are otherwise harmless. Indian triggerfish are very easy to keep at home, Some are peaceful but some are very aggressive towards other fish.
These are not to be confused with the Hawaiian black triggerfish or black durgon ("Melichthys niger"), which is often mistaken as being Indian triggerfish within the trade. 

</doc>
<doc id="20413173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413173" title="Wyoming Highway 253">
Wyoming Highway 253

Wyoming Highway 253 is a state road in eastern Natrona county located southeast of Evansville, Wyoming, called Hat Six Road. 
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 253 begins its southern end near the Natrona-Converse County Line, southeast of Casper and Evansville, at Natrona County Route 606 (Hat Six Road) and Natrona County Route 607 (Smith Creek Road). From there, WYO 253 travels generally northwest. As it enters Evansville, WYO 253 intersects Interstate 25 (Exit 182) at and shortly after reaches its northern end at an intersection with US 20/US 26/US 87 (Glenrock Highway) and the southern terminus of WYO 256 (Cole Creek Road). The mileposts for Highway 253 increase from north to south.

</doc>
<doc id="20413179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413179" title="Biltmore Forest School">
Biltmore Forest School

The Biltmore School of Forestry was the first school of forestry in North America. The school of "practical forestry" was founded by Carl A. Schenck in 1898 on George W. Vanderbilt's Biltmore Estate near Asheville, North Carolina.
History.
In 1895, Carl A. Schenck was brought by George W. Vanderbilt from Germany to Vanderbilt's Biltmore Estate in North Carolina to work managing the vast expanses of forest lands on the estate's property. Schenck replaced Gifford Pinchot as Vanderbilt's estate forester, and immediately began introducing new scientific management and practical forestry techniques. As Schenck worked throughout Vanderbilt's vast forest lands in Western North Carolina, he found himself explaining to local young men what he was working on and why it was important to maintain healthy forests. The growing interest in forestry work Schenck found among the locals caused him to look into starting his own forestry education program.
With the permission of Vanderbilt, Schenck established the Biltmore School of Forestry using abandoned farm buildings on the estate grounds. This was the first school of forestry in North America. According to The Biltmore Company, the school "opened its doors on September 1, 1898." According to Steven Anderson, President of the Forest History Society, this was just "a few weeks" before the opening of the New York State College of Forestry at Cornell University, under the leadership of Dr. Bernhard Fernow.
The Biltmore School of Forestry offered a one-year course of study, and the curriculum focused on providing traditional classroom lectures in silvicultural theory supplemented with extensive hands-on, practical forest management field training. Schenck's students spent most afternoons in the forest doing hands-on work and directly applying the theories they had learned in the classroom. Schenck was a demanding, but engaging professor, and his students took to him immediately, absorbing as much of the scientific forestry theories as they could.
The Biltmore Forest Fair.
In November 1908, Schenck hosted the Biltmore Forest Fair, designed to demonstrate the accomplishments and possibilities of scientific management and practical forestry techniques, and to celebrate the 10th anniversary of his Forestry School. The three-day festival ran from November 26–29, exhibiting theories of forestry taught at the school. Attendees were given forest plantation tours with Schenck as their guide, and received detailed lessons on forestry practices, planting techniques, logging operations, seed regeneration, soil composition and more. 
Schenck sent personal letters inviting close to 400 people to the fair, along with these letters of invitation, Schenck also enclosed a 55-page illustrated booklet, A Forest Fair in the Biltmore Forest, which served as not only a guide to the forests at Biltmore but also a textbook of forestry and conservation practices. The guests included foresters, lumbermen, furniture manufacturers, botanists, university professors and others. The fair successfully demonstrated Schenck’s forestry and conservation practices, with various newspaper editorials from the region subsequently praising him.
The school's end and legacy.
In 1909, Schenck left his job as forester of the Vanderbilt estate. At this time he was forced to close the doors of the original Biltmore School of Forestry, as he could no longer operate it on Vanderbilt's property. Schenck continued the school through 1913, though, traveling with his students and operating in various locations, including in Germany. 
Despite the school's short existence, it laid the foundation for American forestry education. Graduates of the Biltmore School of Forestry became the first generation of American professional foresters. Schenck's theories of sustainable forestry greatly influenced the field, remaining important long after his death, in 1955. Today, the school continues to be celebrated as "the cradle of forestry in America" on Vanderbilt's former lands in Pisgah National Forest, and several of the remaining buildings can be seen on trails that are part of the Cradle of Forestry in America site.

</doc>
<doc id="20413220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413220" title="Every Face Tells a Story">
Every Face Tells a Story

Every Face Tells a Story is a 1977 album by Cliff Richard, the follow-up to Richard's comeback album, "I'm Nearly Famous." Although not quite as successful or groundbreaking, the album was a success in reaching the UK top ten. The album peaked at No.8 during a 10-week run and spawned three hit singles. The first single released from the album was "Hey Mr Dream Maker" in late 1976, followed by "My Kinda Life" and "When Two Worlds Drift Apart" in 1977. The biggest of these was "My Kinda Life", which reached No.15 in the UK Charts. 
The album was released in the US with alternate artwork and an edited version of closing track "Spider Man" (shortened by nearly four minutes). 
Every Face Tells a Story was remastered and re-issued on Compact disc in July 2002.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
Bonus tracks (2002 re-issue):

</doc>
<doc id="20413229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413229" title="Bunker Hill (Millersville, Maryland)">
Bunker Hill (Millersville, Maryland)

Bunker Hill is a historic home at Millersville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a large, eclectic, frame dwelling which reflects several periods of growth. The final composition embodies the late-19th century Victorian Picturesque, A.J. Downing "cottage" style of architecture. The main block, which contains the principal entrance, was constructed about 1820 and a large two story wing was added to the rear about 1870. Later additions occurred throughout the 20th Century. Several 19th century frame outbuildings and a caretaker's house are on the site, including a smokehouse/dairy, root cellar, tool house, chicken house, slave quarters, carriage house, ice house, pumphouse, barn, and corncrib.
Bunker Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20413243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413243" title="Shloimke (Sam) Beckerman">
Shloimke (Sam) Beckerman

Shloimke "Sam" Beckerman (1883–1974) was an American klezmer clarinetist; he was a contemporary of Dave Tarras and Naftule Brandwein. He was a soloist as well as a member of Paul Whiteman's Orchestra at the New York's Little Club in the 1920s. He continued to play well into the 1950s. He was a teacher to Henry Sapoznik, one of the key figures in the revival of klezmer music in the world.
An audiocassette recording of one of his performances at age 70 has recently been discovered and there is fundraising underway to remaster it and release it as a cd by "Living Traditions". [http://www.klezmershack.com/archives/005760.html]
His son Sidney Beckerman was a well known klezmer clarinet player in his own right and learned from his father; he taught many members of the klezmer revival and died in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20413313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413313" title="Juggalo World Order">
Juggalo World Order

The Juggalo World Order (commonly known as the jWo or JWO, the official typeset in the logo) is a professional wrestling stable which wrestles for Juggalo Championship Wrestling (JCW). The name of the stable is inspired by the New World Order (nWo).
History.
Background.
Villainous wrestler Tracy Smothers debuted in the first season of Juggalo Championship Wrestling's internet wrestling show SlamTV! by cutting a series of promos in which he insulted the company, the owners (Insane Clown Posse), and the Juggalo fanbase. It became a common gesture for him to hide behind the curtain and flip off the crowd prior to entering the ring. He flaunted his PWU Hardcore Championship, which he proclaimed the only championship that he respected, while verbally abusing the fans on the mic. On occasion, Smothers would even get in physical altercations with fans.
Tracy ran rampant on JCW, having matches which mostly ended with him choking opponents out. Smothers mercilessly beat opponents by any means necessary, including fan favorites Nosawa and Zach Gowen, the latter being a one-legged wrestler wrestler whom Smothers knocked out with his PWU Hardcore Championship and proceeded to choke out before beating up both the referee and security. In the sixth episode, during 2 Tuff Tony's match, Smothers attacked Tony and caused him to be carried out on a stretcher. Just days before Tony's return on the eighth episode, Tracy Smothers was arrested (kayfabe) and dropped from the rest of the tour, leaving Tony and the JCW roster with no way to seek revenge.
JCW Heavyweight Champion, and fan favorite, Corporal Robinson was scheduled to face Tracy Smothers at "Evansville Invasion", but he first had to defend his title against tweener Scott Hall at "Bloodymania". Hall and Robinson wrestled with a mutual respect for each other. During the match, Hall acted in his signature cocky manner. He delivered pokes to the eyes, slaps to the head, and several homosexual mannerisms, all with a smile on his face. Though the tactics normally result in boos from the crowd, after Robinson won the match, the fans cheered for both him and Hall.
Formation.
On October 6, 2007, an unaired event entitled "Evansville Invasion" took place in Evansville, Indiana. In the main event, Corporal Robinson took on Tracy Smothers, before being attacked by both he and Sid Vicious. Violent J and Scott Hall came down to the ring to defend Robinson. After scaring both Smothers and Vicious away, the trio ripped off their initial jerseys to reveal shirts which read "JWO."
On October 31, at the "Hallowicked After Party" in Detroit, Michigan, Shaggy 2 Dope was introduced as a member of the group. Later that night, the jWo (Scott Hall and Corporal Robinson) defeated "Richie Boy" Breyer Wellington, Joe Doering, and Conrad Kennedy III in a handicapped match with special guest referee Nosawa. Following the match, Nosawa ripped off his referee shirt to reveal that he was the newest member of the jWo.
On December 21, Juggalo Championship Wrestling held an event called "Big Ballas' X-Mas Party". The main event featured The jWo (Violent J, Nosawa, and Scott Hall) vs. The Thomaselli Brothers. This match marked Scott Hall's first wrestling appearance since no-showing the TNA PPV "Turning Point" and several WWC shows.
Adding Members.
Kevin Nash and Scott Hall appeared as a team at "Bloodymania II", both wearing jWo jerseys. Prior to their match, Nash proclaimed that he was a member of the Juggalo World Order. That night, the duo defeated the Thomaselli Brothers.
On October 31, 2008, at the "Hallowicked After Party" in Detroit, the Juggalo World Order (Scott Hall, Shaggy 2 Dope, Violent J, and Corporal Robinson) interfered in the opening match, beating up both wrestlers as well as the referee. Violent J got on the microphone and called 2 Tuff Tony down to the ring. He then asked 2 Tuff Tony to join the jWo, before Tony responded by explaining that he was a one man team. Mid sentence, Tony stopped and exclaimed, "Fuck That! I wanna roll with the jWo!" Violent J then gave 2 Tuff Tony a Hallowicked version of the jWo jersey, before announcing him as an official member of the Juggalo World Order.
At Bloodymania III, the Juggalo World Order (Corporal Robinson, Scott Hall, Kevin Nash, Shaggy 2 Dope, and Violent J) was scheduled to face "Holy" Trent Acid and the Alter Boys (Tim, Tom, Terry, and Todd) in the main event. However, Kevin Nash legitimately no-showed the event. After Hall explained to the crowd that he and Nash had split, Sid Vicious was introduced as his replacement and as the newest member of the jWo. During the end of their match, Diamond Dallas Page ran into the ring wearing a jWo jersey and hit Acid with the "Diamond Cutter", allowing Violent J to get the pin.
JCW Hatchet Attacks 2012, iPPV, May 26, 2012: JWO (Kevin Nash & Sean Waltman w/Scott Hall) defeated The Headbangers (Mosh & Thrasher) via pin
Invasions.
On the November 4 edition of the radio show "The Main Event", Scott Hall dared hosts Violent J, 2 Tuff Tony, and Corporal Robinson to "take Juggalo World Order on the road" by "invading" Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, World Wrestling Entertainment, and Ultimate Fighting Championship.
On November 9, Scott Hall, Shaggy 2 Dope, Violent J, 2 Tuff Tony, and Corporal Robinson "invaded" TNA's PPV Turning Point by purchasing front row tickets to the event. They proceeded to promote their faction by flashing their jWo jerseys, which each member had on. As the crowd grew rowdy from the appearance, TNA management became worried that the group may interfere in a match. Backstage, many wrestlers were prepared for a fight with the group. Samoa Joe personally feared that, due to his negative comments toward Scott Hall, the jWo would interfere in his match that night with Kevin Nash. During his match, Sheik Abdul Bashir, friend of both 2 Tuff Tony and Corporal Robinson, spit outside of the ring onto Tony, resulting in Tony splashing beer in the ring. Afterwards, Bashir went ringside and slapped and shoved Robinson. TNA, not knowning the three were friends, saw this as a potentially volatile situation and decided to remove the Juggalo World Order from the building.
Two days later, on the November 11 edition "The Main Event", Scott Hall expressed interest in a Ring Of Honor invasion, in addition to the previously mentioned UFC invasion. The Juggalo World Order also showed interest in "invading" WWE at its 2009 Royal Rumble PPV (which happened in their hometown Detroit, Michigan), but were unable due to filming commitments for Big Money Rustlas in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20413336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413336" title="Burrages End">
Burrages End

Burrages End is a historic home at Lothian, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a small -story frame house with gambrel roof. The oldest section of the house dates from the last decades of the 17th century and serves as an example of an early southern Maryland farmhouse. It was the home of John Welsh, a gentleman and tobacco planter. Also on the property are two early cabins and an unusual example of an 18th-century tobacco barn.
Burrages End was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20413338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413338" title="Marie of Brittany, Viscountess of Rohan">
Marie of Brittany, Viscountess of Rohan

Marie of Brittany (1444–1506) was the younger daughter of Francis I, Duke of Brittany, by Isabella, daughter of King James I of Scotland. She was married to John II, Viscount of Rohan and Count of Porhoët. 
Issue:

</doc>
<doc id="20413339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413339" title="Flag of Hesse">
Flag of Hesse

The civil flag of Hesse consists of a bicolor of a red top and a bottom white stripe, in the proportion 3:5. The state flag is similar, except it is defaced with the coat of arms in the centre, and may only be used by government departments and services. It is the reverse of the flag of Thuringia and, apart from the proportions and the shades of red, identical to the flag of Indonesia and the flag of Monaco.

</doc>
<doc id="20413368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413368" title="Seth Kinman">
Seth Kinman

Seth Kinman (September 29, 1815 – February 24, 1888) was an early settler of Humboldt County, California, a hunter based in Fort Humboldt, a famous chair maker, and a nationally recognized entertainer. He stood over tall and was known for his hunting prowess and his brutality toward bears and Indians. Kinman claimed to have shot a total of over 800 grizzly bears, and, in a single month, over 50 elk. He was also a hotel keeper, barkeeper, and a musician who performed for President Lincoln on a fiddle made from the skull of a mule.
Known for his publicity seeking, Kinman appeared as a stereotypical mountain man dressed in buckskins on the U.S. east coast and selling "cartes de visites" of himself and his famous chairs. The chairs were made from elkhorns and grizzly bear skins and given to U.S. Presidents. Presidents so honored include James Buchanan, Abraham Lincoln, Andrew Johnson, and Rutherford Hayes. He may have had a special relationship with President Lincoln, appearing in at least two of Lincoln's funeral corteges, and claiming to have witnessed Lincoln's assassination.
His autobiography, dictated to a scribe in 1876, was first published in 2010 and is noted for putting "the entertainment value of a story ahead of the strict facts." His descriptions of events change with his retelling of them. Contemporary journalists and modern writers were clearly aware of the stories contained in the autobiography, "but each chooses which version to accept."
Early life.
Seth Kinman's father, James Kinman, ran a ferry across the West Branch Susquehanna River in central Pennsylvania, in an area then called Uniontown, now called Allenwood in Gregg Township, Union County.
James also was a millwright and an inn-keeper, whose forebears were Quakers from Bucks County, Pennsylvania.
Seth's mother, Eleanor Bower Kinman, was of German descent whose family lived in Reading, Pennsylvania.
Seth was born in Uniontown in 1815. While in Pennsylvania, he learned to read and write "I could form good letters with a pen but I never learned to spell well." In 1830 his father took the family and migrated to Tazewell County, Illinois.
In his autobiography, Seth states that his father fought in the Blackhawk War in Illinois in 1832. He also claimed that his father and Abraham Lincoln fought together in the war, became friends afterward, and that Seth met the future president during Lincoln's circuit-riding days in Illinois. At about the same time the Kinmans acquired a rifle, known as "Old Cotton Bale," that Seth kept throughout his life. The rifle had a long barrel and "is supposed to have killed Gen'l Peckenham" at the Battle of New Orleans in 1815. With some skepticism, Anspach relates a long history of the rifle, gleaned from an 1864 local newspaper story on Kinman, of a renegade Kentucky sniper shooting the British general while carrying on a conversation with American General Andrew Jackson.
Seth spent ten years working in his father's mill in Illinois, sawing lumber and grinding grain. After his father's death in 1839 he sold the mill and tried farming. He married Anna Maria Sharpless, of Catawissa, Pennsylvania, in 1840 and they had five children together: James (1842), Carlin, who is sometimes called Calvin (1846), Austin (1847), Ellen (1849), and Roderick (1851). Anna Maria and two of their sons, James and Austin, died during the winter of 1852-53, while Seth was in California.
By 1848 Kinman was operating the Eagle Hotel in Pekin, Illinois, on the Illinois River. The hotel was known less for its comforts than for Kinman's rendition of the fiddle tune Arkansas Traveler.
Life in California.
Kinman claimed to have migrated to California in 1849 during the great Gold Rush and worked as a gold miner in Pierson B. Reading's party on the Trinity River near present day Douglas City. He then returned to Illinois for two years. In 1852 he travelled to California and explored the Humboldt Bay area, near present day Eureka, California. Humboldt Bay had been recently rediscovered by gold miners seeking a faster and cheaper route to transport supplies. An early settlement in the area was also named Uniontown, but is now known as Arcata. During this period, miners and their suppliers were often flush with gold, but had little to spend it on.
On Christmas, 1852 Kinman was hired to perform on fiddle at the then exorbitant amount of $50, despite his lack of musical training. As described by a fellow '49er:
Over the winter of 1852-53 he lived in what is now Ferndale in the cabin of Stephen Shaw. His wife and two of their children died that winter, and he may have gone back to Illinois to bring back his mother and three remaining children by 1854.
In 1853 he started working as a hunter, feeding U.S. troops in Fort Humboldt. While at Fort Humboldt he met future president Ulysses S. Grant, and future General George Crook.
According to tradition, about this time, he brought the first herd of cattle to Humboldt County.
Some events and their timing are unclear during this early period. Sources disagree on whether he brought his family to California from Illinois in 1852 or 1854. Carranco dates Seth's first return to Illinois starting in 1850, with his return to California in August 1852, his arrival in Humboldt County in February 1853, another return to Illinois in September 1853, and a trip back to California starting in May 1854 with his mother, two children, and a herd of cattle. Thus, in the course of the six years 1849-1854, he is believed to have crossed the Great Plains, Rocky Mountains, and the Sierra Nevada Mountains five times, travelling mostly on foot.
Kinman lived in several places in the county, including houses near Fern Cottage and a dairy farm on Bear River Ridge. He bought of farm or ranch land east of the future Table Bluff Lighthouse in October 1858, and about south of Fort Humboldt. This was the first purchase of land in the Humboldt Land District, which was established by an Act of Congress in March, 1858. He later built a hotel and bar on the site.
Kinman made his name first as a hunter, especially as a hunter of grizzly bears. California was noted for its large population of grizzlies. Seth's son Carlin claimed that they once saw 40 grizzlies at one time. But by 1868, the last grizzly in Humboldt County had been killed. While Kinman was on his way to deliver one of the presidential chairs, he met Methodist bishop and writer Oscar Penn Fitzgerald on a California steamboat. Fitzgerald recorded his impressions in the sketch "The Ethics of Grizzly Hunting." 
He presented Kinman as a drunkard who cruelly abused Indians and grizzly bears.
Kinman's eyes made a special impression on Fitzgerald. Decades later he compared Kinman's eyes to those of the California bandit Tiburcio Vásquez
"His eyes were nature's special label of one of her malignest creations. Only in two other human beings have I ever seen such eyes as those... It was the eye of a wild beast, the baleful glitter you have seen in the eyes of snakes, panthers, catamounts, or other creatures of the reptile or feline kind."
During a gale on the night of January 5–6, 1860, Kinman was alerted by distress signals from the Northerner which had been breached by a submerged rock. Kinman tethered himself to the shore and waded into the surf to save many passengers. In all, seventy people were saved by various means, and 38 people perished. He was hailed as a hero and awarded a Bible and free life-time passage on the Pacific Mail Steamship Company's ships.
Relations with Native Americans.
Native Americans in northern California suffered greatly at the hands of European-Americans in the last half of the 19th century, and their population decline is often characterized as genocide. The Wiyot people, who lived around Humboldt Bay, were particularly hard hit. Their population declined from about 1,500-2,000 in 1850 to about 200 in 1860.
Kinman's brutality was noted by James R. Duff, a fellow '49er, who described him as "an avowed enemy of the red man, ... (who) shot an Indian on sight." Carranco states that "Seth always took an Indian along on a hunt - partly to carry the game, but primarily to serve as bear bait," and concludes "sometimes he regarded them (Indians) as human beings ... other times, only as predatory animals to shoot at." Kinman himself claimed to be an official Indian agent, though there is little evidence that he actually served in the position. He collected "Indian artifacts" including scalps, which he claimed to have taken himself.
Kinman was involved with the Wiyot people who lived on Table Bluff, near his farm. The Wiyot continue to live on Table Bluff on a small rancheria or reservation. The key event in Wiyot history was the February 25–26, 1860 Wiyot Massacre on Indian Island, when over one hundred Wiyot were murdered in their sleep. At the same time there were massacres of the Wiyot at other sites, possibly including Table Bluff. Kinman has not been specifically identified as one of the murderers. Nevertheless, in May 1860 he was elected to represent Bear River at a county-wide meeting ostensibly called to discuss ways to protect white settlers from the Indians. In 1864 he scouted for Captain William Hull's California Volunteers, which according to Kinman, "slaughtered and captured Indians, and at one time they took as many as 160 captives to Fort Humboldt."
Life as an entertainer.
While delivering an elkhorn chair to President Buchanan in 1857, Kinman said "l awoke one fine morning and found myself famous." He made use of this fame, starting in the summer of 1861, together with ventriloquist and magician J. G. Kenyon, by opening an exhibit, first in Eureka, then in August in San Francisco. Kinman displayed his "curiosities" including an elkhorn chair, mounted grizzly bears, several fiddles, and scalps, and gave a lecture.
They then toured gold mining camps and the San Francisco Bay area as entertainers. Later he opened a traveling “museums of curiosities” in Eureka, San Francisco, Sacramento and Los Angeles.
During his trip to the East Coast in 1864-1866, Kinman exhibited his curiosities including his chairs, primarily in Pennsylvania and Illinois.
He took a ten-year-old Native American boy, named Burtch or Burtchfield, with him on this trip, but Burtch died in December, 1864. Kinman said that he took the boy on the trip because he had killed both of Burtch's parents.
Kinman may have also displayed his chairs at the Philadelphia Centennial Exposition in 1876.
As late as 1885, Kinman opened a museum in Los Angeles with his sons Carlin and Roderick.
Presidential chairs.
Kinman first used the large number of elkhorns shed near his farm every year to create a fence. With the help of George Hill, about 1856 he created his first elkhorn chair, which he traded to Dr. Josiah Simpson of Fort Humboldt for a telescope. The construction of an elkhorn chair included using matching horns to make the front legs and arms of the chair. These horns interlocked with another matching pair, which formed the rear legs and the back of the chair. An elk-hide seat was added, along with actual elk feet as the feet of the chair, and the horns were connected beneath the seat.
Inspired by the 1856 election of James Buchanan, a fellow Pennsylvanian, to the presidency, Kinman built his first presidential elkhorn chair and brought it to Washington. 
He arranged free passage on the ship "Golden Age" to Panama, then to New York, and finally to Washington. 
With some help from Peter Donahue and O.M. Wozencraft, on May 26, 1857, after an introduction from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs James W. Denver, Kinman presented the chair to Buchanan. The President was so pleased by the present that he bought Kinman a rifle and two pistols in return.
In 1861 he advertised that he had made a chair that he would present to Napoleon III. Later, because of French involvement in Mexico, he abandoned the idea. Kinman took two chairs on his 1864 trip to the East Coast for use in exhibitions.
Kinman's presentation of an elkhorn chair to President Abraham Lincoln at 10 a.m. on Saturday, November 26, 1864 was recorded by artist Alfred Waud, the only known picture of Lincoln accepting a gift. 
The drawing shows Lincoln examining Kinman's rifle, which he called "Ol' Cottonblossum." Kinman also presented a fiddle made from the skull and a rib of his favorite mule and played the instrument.
Within three weeks, Lincoln stated that he would prefer to eat Kinman's chair, antlers and all, than to appoint a certain office-seeker.
The following April, Kinman marched in President Lincoln's funeral cortege in Washington. 
Kinman was allegedly in Ford's Theater the night of the assassination and witnessed the murder. He escorted Lincoln's body on its way to burial as far as Columbus, Ohio. On April 26, 1865, the "New York Times" described Kinman in the funeral cortege in New York City: "Much attention was attracted to Mr. Kinman, who walked in a full hunting suit of buckskin and fur, rifle on shoulder. Mr. Kinman, it will be remembered, presented to Mr. Lincoln some time ago a chair made of California elk-horn, and continuing his acquaintance with him, it is said, enjoyed quite a long conversation with him the very day before the murder."
During his stays on the East Coast, many "cartes de visites" photographs of Kinman and his chairs were taken by Mathew Brady. Kinman claimed to have paid Brady $2,100 in one three-month period for photos at 8 cents apiece, which calculates to an unlikely amount of over 26,000 photographs.
Kinman sold these photographs, among other places, in the U.S. Capitol. He also toured the country, performing in his buckskins as a frontier story teller and fiddle player.
Kinman's "tour de force" in presidential chairs was presented to President Andrew Johnson on September 8, 1865.
On September 18, 1876, Kinman presented an elkhorn chair to Governor Rutherford Hayes of Ohio, who was soon to become the President of the United States. The chair is now displayed in the Rutherford B. Hayes Presidential Center in Fremont, Ohio. He later gave a chair constructed of bearskin and other bear body parts to Hayes's vice-president William A. Wheeler.
Legacy.
In 1876, Kinman dictated his memoirs, but they were not published until 2010. He also kept an extensive scrapbook of newspaper articles. About 1930, a one-time neighbor of Kinman, George Richmond, copied the memoirs and the scrapbook by hand. The original manuscript and scrapbook were then sent to a potential publisher or agent, and lost after his death. The published version is from Richmond's copy. Richmond also recalled many of Kinman's stories and collected others from Kinman's family and friends, then retold these stories in a book now published as "I'm a Gonna Tell Ya a Yarn".
In his later years, Kinman lived in Table Bluff, California with his family, where he owned a hotel and bar. In 1886, Kinman was preparing to send chairs to President Grover Cleveland and former presidential candidate General Winfield Scott Hancock. He died in 1888 after accidentally shooting himself in the leg. He was interred at Table Bluff Cemetery in Loleta, California, in his buckskin clothing.
Mrs. R.F. Herrick bought Kinman's traveling museum collection of 186 items, including at least two of his famous chairs, and displayed them in San Francisco in 1893. She then took the collection to Chicago to display them at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition, where she reportedly sold the individual items. The Clarke Historical Museum in Eureka displays a suit of his buckskins, complete with beaded moccasins, as well as a wooden chest he owned. The Ferndale Museum displays several Kinman items, including another of his buckskin suits.

</doc>
<doc id="20413379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413379" title="Dollar Lake">
Dollar Lake

There are at least 76 features in the US named Dollar Lake, according to GNIS:

</doc>
<doc id="20413383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413383" title="Nerve of Wrisberg">
Nerve of Wrisberg

The nerve of Wrisberg (named for Heinrich August Wrisberg) can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20413405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413405" title="De Castro family">
De Castro family

The De Castro surname is derived from the word "Castro" the latter of which is a Romance (Italian, Portuguese, Spanish and Galician) word coming from Latin "castrum", a fortification. 
The "De Castro" surname may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20413436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413436" title="Mahāvastu">
Mahāvastu

The Mahāvastu (Sanskrit for "Great Event" or "Great Story") is a text of the Lokottaravāda school of Early Buddhism. It describes itself as being a historical preface to the Buddhist monastic codes ("vinaya"). Over half of the text is composed of Jātaka and Avadāna tales, accounts of the earlier lives of the Buddha and other bodhisattvas.
The Mahāvastu contains prose and verse written in mixed Sanskrit, Pali and Prakrit. It is believed to have been composed between the 2nd century BCE and 4th century CE.
Pali Canon parallels.
The Mahāvastu's Jataka tales are similar to those of the Pali Canon although significant differences exist in terms of the tales' details. Other parts of the Mahāvastu have more direct parallels in the Pali Canon including from the Digha Nikaya (DN 19, "Mahāgovinda Sutta"), the Majjhima Nikaya (MN 26, "Ariyapariyesana Sutta"; and, MN 36, "Mahasaccaka Sutta"), the Khuddakapātha, the Dhammapada (ch. 8, "Sahassa Vagga"; and, ch. 25, "Bhikkhu Vagga"), the Sutta Nipata (Sn 1.3, "Khaggavisāa Sutta"; Sn 3.1, "Pabbajjā Sutta"; and, Sn 3.2, "Padhāna Sutta"), the Vimanavatthu and the Buddhavasa.
Mahayana themes.
The Mahāvastu is considered a primary source for the notion of a transcendent ("lokottara") Buddha, common to all Mahāsāghika schools. According to the Mahāvastu, over the course of many lives, the once-human-born Buddha developed supramundane abilities including: a painless birth conceived without intercourse; no need for sleep, food, medicine or bathing although engaging in such "in conformity with the world"; omniscience; and, the ability to "suppress "karma"."

</doc>
<doc id="20413445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413445" title="The Magic World of Topo Gigio">
The Magic World of Topo Gigio

The Magic World of Topo Gigio ()) is a 1965 Italian animated family film directed by Federico Caldura. It is also known as The Italian Mouse and The Magic World of Topo Gigio. It was the first full-length feature film of the Topo Gigio Italian children's television series.

</doc>
<doc id="20413478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413478" title="Frohes Fest (song)">
Frohes Fest (song)

"Frohes Fest" Christmas is a subscripted song by the German Hip Hop Band, Die Fantastischen Vier. It is the fourth single by "Die Fantastischen Vier" and was released in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20413479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413479" title="Lions (surname)">
Lions (surname)

Lions is a family name. Notable people with the family name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20413485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413485" title="2008 Mumbai attacks">
2008 Mumbai attacks

The 2008 Mumbai attacks were twelve coordinated shooting and bombing attacks lasting four days across Mumbai, India's largest city, by members of Lashkar-e-Taiba. Ajmal Kasab, the only attacker who was captured alive, later confessed upon interrogation that the attacks were conducted with the support of Pakistan's ISI. The attacks, which drew widespread global condemnation, began on Wednesday, 26 November and lasted until Saturday, 29 November 2008, killing 164 people and wounding at least 308.
Eight of the attacks occurred in South Mumbai: at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus, the Oberoi Trident, the Taj Mahal Palace & Tower, Leopold Cafe, Cama Hospital (a women and children's hospital), the Nariman House Jewish community centre, the Metro Cinema, and in a lane behind the "Times of India" building and St. Xavier's College. There was also an explosion at Mazagaon, in Mumbai's port area, and in a taxi at Vile Parle. By the early morning of 28 November, all sites except for the Taj hotel had been secured by Mumbai Police and security forces. On 29 November, India's National Security Guards (NSG) conducted Operation Black Tornado to flush out the remaining attackers; it resulted in the deaths of the last remaining attackers at the Taj hotel and ending all fighting in the attacks.
Ajmal Kasab disclosed that the attackers were members of Lashkar-e-Taiba, considered a terrorist organisation by India, Pakistan, the United States, the United Kingdom, and the United Nations, among others. The Government of India said that the attackers came from Pakistan, and their controllers were in Pakistan. On 7 January 2009, Pakistan's Information Minister Sherry Rehman officially accepted Ajmal Kasab's nationality as Pakistani. On 12 February 2009, Pakistan's Interior Minister Rehman Malik asserted that parts of the attack had been planned in Pakistan. A trial court on 6 May 2010 sentenced Ajmal Kasab to death on all the 86 charges for which he was convicted.
Background.
There have been many bombings in Mumbai since the 13 coordinated bomb explosions that killed 257 people and injured 700 on 12 March 1993. The 1993 attacks are believed to have been in retaliation for the Babri Mosque demolition.
On 6 December 2002, a blast in a BEST bus near Ghatkopar station killed two people and injured 28. The bombing occurred on the 10th anniversary of the demolition of the Babri Mosque in Ayodhya. A bicycle bomb exploded near the Vile Parle station in Mumbai, killing one person and injuring 25 on 27 January 2003, a day before the visit of the Prime Minister of India Atal Bihari Vajpayee to the city. On 13 March 2003, a day after the 10th anniversary of the 1993 Bombay bombings, a bomb exploded in a train compartment near the Mulund station, killing 10 people and injuring 70. On 28 July 2003, a blast in a BEST bus in Ghatkopar killed 4 people and injured 32. On 25 August 2003, two bombs exploded in South Mumbai, one near the Gateway of India and the other at Zaveri Bazaar in Kalbadevi. At least 44 people were killed and 150 injured. On 11 July 2006, seven bombs exploded within 11 minutes on the Suburban Railway in Mumbai. 209 people were killed, including 22 foreigners and over 700 injured. According to the Mumbai Police, the bombings were carried out by Lashkar-e-Taiba and Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI).
Training.
A group of men, sometimes stated as 24, at other times 26 received training in marine warfare at a remote camp in mountainous Muzaffarabad, Pakistan occupied Kashmir in Pakistan. Part of the training was reported to have taken place on the Mangla Dam reservoir.
The recruits went through the following stages of training, according to the Indian and U.S. media:
From the students, 10 were handpicked for the Mumbai mission. They also received training in swimming and sailing, besides the use of high-end weapons and explosives under the supervision of LeT commanders. According to a media report citing an unnamed former Defence Department Official of the US, the intelligence agencies of the US had determined that former officers from Pakistan's Army and Inter-Services Intelligence agency assisted actively and continuously in training. They were given blueprints of all the four targets – Taj Mahal Palace & Tower, Oberoi Trident, Nariman House and Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus.
Attacks.
The first events were detailed around 20:00 Indian Standard Time (IST) on 26 November, when 10 men in inflatable speedboats came ashore at two locations in Colaba. They reportedly told local Marathi-speaking fishermen who asked them who they were to "mind their own business" before they split up and headed two different ways. The fishermen's subsequent report to police received little response.
Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus.
The Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) was attacked by two gunmen, one of whom, Ajmal Kasab, was later caught alive by the police and identified by eyewitnesses. The attacks began around 21:30 when the two men entered the passenger hall and opened fire, using AK-47 rifles. The attackers killed 58 people and injured 104 others, their assault ending at about 22:45. Security forces and emergency services arrived shortly afterwards. The two gunmen fled the scene and fired at pedestrians and police officers in the streets, killing eight police officers. The attackers passed a police station. Many of the outgunned police officers were afraid to confront the attackers, and instead switched off the lights and secured the gates. The attackers then headed towards Cama Hospital with an intention to kill patients, but the hospital staff locked all of the patient wards. A team of the Mumbai Anti-Terrorist Squad led by police chief Hemant Karkare searched the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus and then left in pursuit of Kasab and Khan. Kasab and Khan opened fire on the vehicle in a lane next to the hospital and the police returned fire. Karkare, Vijay Salaskar, Ashok Kamte and one of their officers were killed, though the only survivor, Constable Arun Jadhav, was wounded. Kasab and Khan seized the police vehicle but later abandoned it and seized a passenger car instead. They then ran into a police roadblock, which had been set up after Jadhav radioed for help. A gun battle then ensued in which Khan was killed and Kasab was wounded. After a physical struggle, Kasab was arrested. A police officer, Tukaram Omble was also killed.
Leopold Cafe.
The Leopold Cafe, a popular restaurant and bar on Colaba Causeway in South Mumbai, was one of the first sites to be attacked. Two attackers opened fire on the cafe on the evening of 26 November, killing at least 10 people, (including some foreigners), and injuring many more.
Bomb blasts in taxis.
There were two explosions in taxis caused by timer bombs. The first one occurred at 22:40 at Vile Parle, killing the driver and a passenger. The second explosion took place at Wadi Bunder between 22:20 and 22:25. Three people, including the driver of the taxi were killed, and about 15 others were injured.
Taj Mahal Hotel and Oberoi Trident.
Two hotels, the Taj Mahal Palace & Tower and the Oberoi Trident, were among the four locations targeted. Six explosions were reported at the Taj hotel – one in the lobby, two in the elevators, three in the restaurant – and one at the Oberoi Trident. At the Taj Mahal, firefighters rescued 200 hostages from windows using ladders during the first night.
CNN initially reported on the morning of 27 November 2008 that the hostage situation at the Taj had been resolved and quoted the police chief of Maharashtra stating that all hostages were freed; however, it was learned later that day that there were still two attackers holding hostages, including foreigners, in the Taj Mahal hotel.
During the attacks, both hotels were surrounded by Rapid Action Force personnel and Marine Commandos (MARCOS) and National Security Guards (NSG) commandos. When reports emerged that attackers were receiving television broadcasts, feeds to the hotels were blocked. Security forces stormed both hotels, and all nine attackers were killed by the morning of 29 November. Major Sandeep Unnikrishnan of the NSG was killed during the rescue of Commando Sunil Yadav, who was hit in the leg by a bullet during the rescue operations at Taj. 32 hostages were killed at the Oberoi Trident.
A number of European Parliament Committee on International Trade delegates were staying in the Taj Mahal hotel when it was attacked, but none of them was injured. British Conservative Member of the European Parliament (MEP) Sajjad Karim (who was in the lobby when attackers initially opened fire there) and German Social Democrat MEP Erika Mann were hiding in different parts of the building. Also reported present was Spanish MEP Ignasi Guardans, who was barricaded in a hotel room. Another British Conservative MEP, Syed Kamall, reported that he along with several other MEPs left the hotel and went to a nearby restaurant shortly before the attack. Kamall also reported that Polish MEP Jan Masiel was thought to have been sleeping in his hotel room when the attacks started, but eventually left the hotel safely. Kamall and Guardans reported that a Hungarian MEP's assistant was shot. Also caught up in the shooting were the President of Madrid, Esperanza Aguirre, while checking in at the Oberoi Trident, and Indian MP N. N. Krishnadas of Kerala and Gulam Noon while having dinner at a restaurant in the Taj hotel.
Nariman House.
Nariman House, a Chabad Lubavitch Jewish center in Colaba known as the Mumbai Chabad House, was taken over by two attackers and several residents were held hostage. Police evacuated adjacent buildings and exchanged fire with the attackers, wounding one. Local residents were told to stay inside. The attackers threw a grenade into a nearby lane, causing no casualties. NSG commandos arrived from Delhi, and a Naval helicopter took an aerial survey. During the first day, 9 hostages were rescued from the first floor. The following day, the house was stormed by NSG commandos fast-roping from helicopters onto the roof, covered by snipers positioned in nearby buildings. After a long battle, one NSG commando Havaldar Gajender Singh Bisht and both perpetrators were killed. Rabbi Gavriel Holtzberg and his wife Rivka Holtzberg, who was six months pregnant, were murdered with four other hostages inside the house by the attackers.
According to radio transmissions picked up by Indian intelligence, the attackers "would be told by their handlers in Pakistan that the lives of Jews were worth 50 times those of non-Jews." Injuries reported on some of the bodies indicate they may have been tortured.
End of the attacks.
By the morning of 27 November, the NSG had secured the Jewish outreach center at Nariman House as well as the Oberoi Trident hotel. They also incorrectly believed that the Taj Mahal Palace and Towers had been cleared of attackers, and soldiers were leading hostages and holed-up guests to safety, and removing bodies of those killed in the attacks. However, later news reports indicated that there were still two or three attackers in the Taj, with explosions heard and gunfire exchanged. Fires were also reported at the ground floor of the Taj with plumes of smoke arising from the first floor. The final operation at the Taj Mahal Palace hotel was completed by the NSG commandos at 08:00 on 29 November, killing three attackers and resulting in the conclusion of the attacks. The NSG rescued 250 people from the Oberoi, 300 from the Taj and 60 people (members of 12 different families) from Nariman House. In addition, police seized a boat filled with arms and explosives anchored at Mazgaon dock off Mumbai harbour.
Attribution.
The Mumbai attacks were planned and directed by Lashkar-e-Taiba militants inside Pakistan, and carried out by ten young armed men trained and sent to Mumbai and directed from inside Pakistan via mobile phones and VoIP.
In July 2009 Pakistani authorities confirmed that LeT plotted and financed the attacks from LeT camps in Karachi and Thatta. In November 2009, Pakistani authorities charged seven men they had arrested earlier, of planning and executing the assault.
Mumbai police originally identified 37 suspects—including two army officers—for their alleged involvement in the plot. All but two of the suspects, many of whom are identified only through aliases, are Pakistani. Two more suspects arrested in the United States in October 2009 for other attacks were also found to have been involved in planning the Mumbai attacks. One of these men, Pakistani American David Headley, was found to have made several trips to India before the attacks and gathered video and GPS information on behalf of the plotters.
In April 2011, the United States issued arrest warrants for four Pakistani men as suspects in the attack. The men, Sajid Mir, Abu Qahafa, Mazhar Iqbal alias "Major Iqbal", are believed to be members of Lashkar-e-Taiba and helped plan and train the attackers.
Negotiations with Pakistan.
Pakistan initially denied that Pakistanis were responsible for the attacks, blaming plotters in Bangladesh and Indian criminals, a claim refuted by India, and saying they needed information from India on other bombings first.
Pakistani authorities finally agreed that Ajmal Kasab was a Pakistani on 7 January 2009,
and registered a case against three other Pakistani nationals.
The Indian government supplied evidence to Pakistan and other governments, in the form of interrogations, weapons, and call records of conversations during the attacks. In addition, Indian government officials said that the attacks were so sophisticated that they must have had official backing from Pakistani "agencies", an accusation denied by Pakistan.
Under US and UN pressure, Pakistan arrested a few members of Jamaat ud-Dawa and briefly put its founder under house arrest, but he was found to be free a few days later. A year after the attacks, Mumbai police continued to complain that Pakistani authorities were not cooperating by providing information for their investigation. Meanwhile, journalists in Pakistan said security agencies were preventing them from interviewing people from Kasab's village. Home Minister P. Chidambaram said the Pakistani authorities had not shared any information about American suspects Headley and Rana, but that the FBI had been more forthcoming.
An Indian report, summarising intelligence gained from India's interrogation of David Headley, was released in October 2010. It alleged that Pakistan's intelligence agency (ISI) had provided support for the attacks by providing funding for reconnaissance missions in Mumbai. The report included Headley's claim that Lashkar-e-Taiba's chief military commander, Zaki-ur-Rahman Lakhvi, had close ties to the ISI. He alleged that "every big action of LeT is done in close coordination with ISI."
Investigation.
According to investigations, the attackers travelled by sea from Karachi, Pakistan, across the Arabian Sea, hijacked the Indian fishing trawler 'Kuber', killed the crew of four, then forced the captain to sail to Mumbai. After murdering the captain, the attackers entered Mumbai on a rubber dinghy. The captain of 'Kuber', Amar Singh Solanki, had earlier been imprisoned for six months in a Pakistani jail for illegally fishing in Pakistani waters. The attackers stayed and were trained by the Lashkar-e-Taiba in a safehouse at Azizabad near Karachi before boarding a small boat for Mumbai.
David Headley was a member of Lashkar-e-Taiba, and between 2002 and 2009 Headley travelled extensively as part of his work for LeT. Headley received training in small arms and countersurveillance from LeT, built a network of connections for the group, and was chief scout in scoping out targets for Mumbai attack having allegedly been given $25,000 in cash in 2006 by an ISI officer known as Major Iqbal, The officer also helped him arrange a communications system for the attack, and oversaw a model of the Taj Mahal Hotel so that gunmen could know their way inside the target, according to Headley's testimony to Indian authorities. Headley also helped ISI recruit Indian agents to monitor Indian troop levels and movements, according to a US official. At the same time, Headley was also an informant for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, and Headley's wives warned American officials of Headley's involvement with LeT and his plotting attacks, warning specifically that the Taj Mahal Hotel may be their target.
US officials believed that the Inter-Services Intelligence (I.S.I.) officers provided support to Lashkar-e-Taiba militants who carried out the attacks.
The arrest of Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Hamza in June 2012 provided further clarity on how the plot was hatched. According to Abu Hamza, the attacks were previously scheduled for 2006, using Indian youth for the job. However, a huge cache of AK-47's and RDX, which were to be used for the attacks, was recovered from Aurangabad in 2006, thus leading to the dismantling of the original plot. Subsequently, Abu Hamza fled to Pakistan and along with Lashkar commanders, scouted for Pakistani youth to be used for the attacks. In September 2007, ten people were selected for the mission. In September 2008, these people tried sailing to Mumbai from Karachi, but couldn't complete their mission due to choppy waters. These men made a second attempt in November 2008, and successfully managed to execute the final attacks. David Headley's disclosures, that three Pakistani army officers were associated with the planning and execution of the attack were substantiated by Ansari's revelations during his interrogation.
After Ansari's arrest, Pakistan's Foreign Office claimed they had received information that up to 40 Indian nationals were involved in the attacks.
Method.
The attackers had planned the attack several months ahead of time and knew some areas well enough to vanish and reappear after security forces had left. Several sources have quoted Kasab telling the police that the group received help from Mumbai residents. The attackers used at least three SIM cards purchased on the Indian side of the border with Bangladesh. There were also reports of a SIM card purchased in the US state New Jersey. Police had also mentioned that Faheem Ansari, an Indian Lashkar operative who had been arrested in February 2008, had scouted the Mumbai targets for the November attacks. Later, the police arrested two Indian suspects, Mikhtar Ahmad, who is from Srinagar in Kashmir, and Tausif Rehman, a resident of Kolkata. They supplied the SIM cards, one in Calcutta, and the other in New Delhi.
Type 86 Grenades made by China's state-owned Norinco were used in the attacks.
Blood tests on the attackers indicate that they had taken cocaine and LSD during the attacks, to sustain their energy and stay awake for 50 hours. Police say that they found syringes on the scenes of the attacks. There were also indications that they had been taking steroids. The gunman who survived said that the attackers had used Google Earth to familiarise themselves with the locations of buildings used in the attacks.
There were ten gunmen, nine of whom were subsequently shot dead and one captured by security forces. Witnesses reported that they seemed to be in their early twenties, wore black t-shirts and jeans, and that they smiled and looked happy as they shot their victims.
It was initially reported that some of the attackers were British citizens, but the Indian government later stated that there was no evidence to confirm this. Similarly, early reports of twelve gunmen were also later shown to be incorrect.
On 9 December, the ten attackers were identified by Mumbai police, along with their home towns in Pakistan: Ajmal Amir from Faridkot, Abu Ismail Dera Ismail Khan from Dera Ismail Khan, Hafiz Arshad and Babr Imran from Multan, Javed from Okara, Shoaib from Narowal, Nazih and Nasr from Faisalabad, Abdul Rahman from Arifwalla, and Fahad Ullah from Dipalpur Taluka. Dera Ismail Khan is in the North-West Frontier Province; the rest of the towns are in Pakistani Punjab.
On 6 April 2010, the Home Minister of Maharashtra State, which includes Mumbai, informed the Assembly that the bodies of the nine killed Pakistani gunmen from the 2008 attack on Mumbai were buried in a secret location in January 2010. The bodies had been in the mortuary of a Mumbai hospital after Muslim clerics in the city refused to let them be buried on their grounds.
Attackers.
Only one of the 10 terrorists, Ajmal Kasab, survived the attack. He was hanged in Yerwada jail. Killed during the onslaught were:
Arrests.
Ajmal Kasab was the only attacker arrested alive by police. Much of the information about the attackers' preparation, travel, and movements comes from his confessions to the Mumbai police.
On 12 February 2009 Pakistan's Interior Minister Rehman Malik said that Pakistani national Javed Iqbal, who acquired VoIP phones in Spain for the Mumbai attackers, and Hamad Ameen Sadiq, who had facilitated money transfer for the attack, had been arrested. Two other men known as Khan and Riaz, but whose full names were not given, were also arrested. Two Pakistanis were arrested in Brescia, Italy (East of Milan), on 21 November 2009, after being accused of providing logistical support to the attacks and transferring over US$200 to internet accounts using a false ID. They had Red Corner Notices issued against them by Interpol for their suspected involvement and it was issued after the last year's strikes.
In October 2009, two Chicago men were arrested and charged by the FBI for involvement in terrorism abroad, David Coleman Headley and Tahawwur Hussain Rana. Headley, a Pakistani-American, was charged in November 2009 with scouting locations for the 2008 Mumbai attacks. Headley is reported to have posed as an American Jew and is believed to have links with militant Islamist groups based in Bangladesh. On 18 March 2010, Headley pled guilty to a dozen charges against him thereby avoiding going to trial.
In December 2009, the FBI charged Abdur Rehman Hashim Syed, a retired major in the Pakistani army, for planning the terror attacks in association with Headley.
On 15 January 2010, in a successful snatch operation R&AW agents nabbed Sheikh Abdul Khwaja, one of the handlers of the 26/11 attacks, chief of HuJI India operations and a most wanted terror suspect in India, from Colombo, Sri Lanka, and brought him over to Hyderabad, India for formal arrest.
On 25 June 2012, the Delhi Police arrested Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Hamza, one of the key suspects in the attack at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi. His arrest was touted as the most significant development in the case since Kasab's arrest. Security agencies had been chasing him for three years in Delhi. Ansari is a Lashker-e-Taiba ultra and the Hindi tutor of 10 terrorists who were responsible for the Mumbai attacks in 2008. He was apprehended, after he was arrested and deported to India by Saudi Intelligence officials as per official request by Indian authorities.
After Ansari's arrest, investigations revealed that in 2009 he allegedly stayed for a day in a room in Old Legislators's Hostel, belonging to Fauzia Khan, a former MLA and minister in Maharashtra Government. The minister, however, denied having any links with him. Home Minister P. Chidambaram, asserted that Ansari was provided a safe place in Pakistan and was present in the control room, which could not have been established without active State support. Ansari's interrogation further revealed that Sajid Mir and a Pakistani Army major visited India under fake names as cricket spectators to survey targets in Delhi and Mumbai for about a fortnight.
Casualties and compensation.
At least 164 victims (civilians and security personnel) and nine attackers were killed in the attacks. Among the dead were 28 foreign nationals from 10 countries. One attacker was captured. The bodies of many of the dead hostages showed signs of torture or disfigurement. A number of those killed were notable figures in business, media, and security services.
The government of Maharashtra announced about as compensation to the kin of each of those killed in the terror attacks and about to the seriously injured. In August 2009, "Indian Hotels Company" and the "Oberoi Group" received about $28 million USD as part-payment of the insurance claims, on account of the attacks on "Taj Mahal" and "Trident", from "General Insurance Corporation of India".
Aftermath.
The attacks are sometimes referred to in India as "26/11", after the date in 2008 that the attacks began, in similar style to the 9/11 attacks in the United States, the 3/11 attack in Madrid, Spain, and the 7/7 bombings in London, United Kingdom. The Pradhan Inquiry Commission, appointed by the Maharashtra government, produced a report that was tabled before the legislative assembly over one year after the events. The report said the "war-like" attack was beyond the capacity to respond of any police force, but also found fault with the Mumbai Police Commissioner Hasan Gafoor's lack of leadership during the crisis.
The Maharashtra government planned to buy 36 speed boats to patrol the coastal areas and several helicopters for the same purpose. It also planned to create an anti-terror force called "Force One" and upgrade all the weapons that Mumbai police currently have. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on an all-party conference declared that legal framework would be strengthened in the battle against terrorism and a federal anti-terrorist intelligence and investigation agency, like the FBI, will be set up soon to coordinate action against terrorism. The government strengthened anti-terror laws with UAPA 2008, and the federal National Investigation Agency was formed.
The attacks further strained India's slowly recovering relationship with Pakistan. India's then External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee (presently President of India) declared that India may indulge in military strikes against terror camps in Pakistan to protect its territorial integrity. There were also after-effects on the United States's relationships with both countries, the US-led NATO war in Afghanistan, and on the Global War on Terror. FBI chief Robert Mueller praised the "unprecedented cooperation" between American and Indian intelligence agencies over the Mumbai terror attack probe. However, Interpol secretary general Ronald Noble said that Indian intelligence agencies did not share any information with them (Interpol).
A new National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) was proposed to be set up by the then Home Minister P. chidambaram as an office to collect, collate, summarise, integrate, analyse, coordinate and report all information and inputs received from various intelligence agencies, state police departments, and other ministries and their departments.
Movement of troops.
Pakistan moved troops towards the border with India voicing concerns about the Indian government's possible plans to launch attacks on Pakistani soil if it did not cooperate. After days of talks, the Pakistan government, however, decided to start moving troops away from the border.
Reactions.
Indians criticised their political leaders after the attacks, saying that their ineptness was partly responsible. "The Times of India" commented on its front page that "Our politicians fiddle as innocents die." Political reactions in Mumbai and India included a range of resignations and political changes, including the resignations of Minister for Home Affairs Shivraj Patil, Chief Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh and deputy chief minister R. R. Patil for controversial reactions to the attack including taking the former's son and Bollywood director Ram Gopal Verma to tour the damaged Taj Mahal and the latters remarks that the attacks were not a big deal in such a large city. Prominent Muslim personalities such as Bollywood actor Aamir Khan appealed to their community members in the country to observe Eid al-Adha as a day of mourning on 9 December. The business establishment also reacted, with changes to transport, and requests for an increase in self-defense capabilities. The attacks also triggered a chain of citizens' movements across India such as the India Today Group's "War Against Terror" campaign. There were vigils held across all of India with candles and placards commemorating the victims of the attacks. The NSG commandos based in Delhi also met criticism for taking 10 hours to reach the 3 sites under attack.
International reaction for the attacks was widespread, with many countries and international organisations condemning the attacks and expressing their condolences to the civilian victims. Many important personalities around the world also condemned the attacks.
Media coverage highlighted the use of social media and Internet social networking tools, including "Twitter" and "Flickr", in spreading information about the attacks. In addition, many Indian bloggers and "Wikipedia" offered live textual coverage of the attacks. A map of the attacks was set up by a web journalist using Google Maps. The New York Times, in July 2009, described the event as "what may be the most well-documented terrorist attack anywhere."
In November 2010, families of American victims of the attacks filed a lawsuit in Brooklyn, New York, naming Lt. Gen. Ahmed Shuja Pasha, chief of the I.S.I., as being complicit in the Mumbai attacks. On 22 September 2011, the attack on the American Embassy in Afghanistan, was attributed to Pakistan via cell phone records identical to the attacks in Mumbai, also linked to Pakistan. The investigation is on-going.
Trials.
Kasab's trial.
Kasab's trial was delayed due to legal issues, as many Indian lawyers were unwilling to represent him. A Mumbai Bar Association passed a resolution proclaiming that none of its members would represent Kasab. However, the Chief Justice of India stated that Kasab needed a lawyer for a fair trial. A lawyer for Kasab was eventually found, but was replaced due to a conflict of interest. On 25 February 2009, Indian investigators filed an 11,000-page chargesheet, formally charging Kasab with murder, conspiracy, and waging war against India among other charges.
Kasab's trial began on 6 May 2009. He initially pleaded not guilty, but later admitted his guilt on 20 July 2009. He initially apologised for the attacks and claimed that he deserved the death penalty for his crimes, but later retracted these claims, saying that he had been tortured by police to force his confession, and that he had been arrested while roaming the beach. The court had accepted his plea, but due to the lack of completeness within his admittance, the judge had deemed that many of the 86 charges were not addressed and therefore the trial continued.
Kasab was convicted of all 86 charges on 3 May 2010. He was found guilty of murder for directly killing seven people, conspiracy to commit murder for the deaths of the 164 people killed in the three-day terror siege, waging war against India, causing terror, and of conspiracy to murder two high-ranking police officers. On 6 May 2010, he was sentenced to death by hanging.
On 29 August 2012, the Indian Supreme Court upheld the death sentence for Kasab. The court stated, "We are left with no option but to award death penalty. The primary and foremost offence committed by Kasab is waging war against the Government of India.” The verdict followed 10 weeks of appeal hearings, and was decided by a two-judge Supreme Court panel, which was led by Judge Aftab Alam. The panel rejected arguments that Kasab was denied a free and fair trial.
Kasab filed a mercy petition with the President of India, which was rejected on 5 November 2012. Kasab was hanged in Pune's Yerwada jail in secret on 21 November 2012 at 7:30 am. The Indian mission in Islamabad informed the Pakistan government about Kasab's hanging through letter. Pakistan refused to take the letter, which was then faxed to them. His family in Pakistan was sent news of his hanging via a courier.
Trials in Pakistan.
Indian and Pakistani police have exchanged DNA evidence, photographs and items found with the attackers to piece together a detailed portrait of the Mumbai plot. Police in Pakistan have arrested seven people, including Hammad Amin Sadiq, a homoeopathic pharmacist, who arranged bank accounts and secured supplies. Sadiq and six others begin their formal trial on 3 October 2009 in Pakistan, though Indian authorities say the prosecution stops well short of top Lashkar leaders. In November 2009, Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said that Pakistan has not done enough to bring the perpetrators of the attacks to justice.
On the eve of the first anniversary of 26/11, a Pakistani anti-terror court formally charged seven accused, including LeT operations commander Zaki ur Rehman Lakhvi. However the actual trial started on 5 May 2012. The Pakistani court conducting trial of Mumbai attacks accused, reserved its judgement on the application filed by Lakhvi, challenging the report of the judicial panel, to 17 July 2012. On 17 July 2012, the court refused to take the findings of the Pakistani judicial commission as part of the evidence. It however, ruled that if a new agreement that allows panel's examination of witnesses, is reached, the prosecution may move an application for sending the panel to Mumbai.
The Indian Government upset over the court ruling, however,contended that evidence collected by the Pakistani judicial panel has evidential value to punish all those involved in the attack. On 21-September-2013, a Pakistani judicial commission arrived in India to carry out the investigation and to cross examine the witnesses. This is the second such visit, the one in March 2012 was not a success as its report was rejected by an anti terrorism court in Pakistan due to lack of evidence.
Trials in the United States.
The LeT operative David Headley (born Daood Sayed Gilani) in his testimony before a Chicago federal court during co-accused Tahawwur Rana's trial revealed that Mumbai Chabad House was added to the list of targets for surveillance given by his Inter Services Intelligence handler Major Iqbal, though the Oberoi hotel, one of the sites attacked, was not originally on the list.
On 10 June 2011, Tahawwur Rana was acquitted of plotting the 2008 Mumbai attacks, but was held guilty on two other charges. He was sentenced to 14 years in federal prison on 17 January 2013.
David Headley pled guilty to 12 counts related to the attacks, including conspiracy to commit murder in India and aiding and abetting in the murder of six Americans. On 23 January 2013, he was sentenced to 35 years in federal prison.
Locations.
All the incidents except the explosion at Vile Parle took place in downtown South Mumbai.
Memorials.
On the first anniversary of the event, the state paid homage to the victims of the attack. Force One—a new security force created by the Maharashtra government—staged a parade from Nariman Point to Chowpatty. Other memorials and candlelight vigils were also organised at the various locations where the attacks occurred.
On the second anniversary of the event, homage was again paid to the victims. Security forces were also displayed from Nariman Point.

</doc>
<doc id="20413490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413490" title="Steven Dexter">
Steven Dexter

Steven Dexter (born 1962) is a theatre director and writer. Born in South Africa, he moved to London in 1984 and studied at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.
West End productions.
In 2003 he directed both "Peter Pan" and "The Pirates of Penzance", playing in repertoire at the Savoy Theatre, London. 
His production of "La Cava" (book by Dana Broccoli, lyrics by John Claflin, music by Laurence O'Keefe and Stephen Keeling) transferred from the Churchill Theatre, Bromley to the Victoria Palace Theatre, London, in 2000, transferring to the Piccadilly Theatre in 2001. 
As a book writer, he co-wrote "Maddie", (with Shaun McKenna, music by Stephen Keeling), produced by Kenny Wax Productions, which transferred to the Lyric Theatre, Shaftesbury Avenue in 1997 and he directed "Romance! Romance!", which transferred to the Gielgud Theatre, London, in the same year. 
Other productions.
He directed the world premiere and 2007 revival of the Olivier Award winning musical "Honk!" at the Watermill Theatre, Newbury. In Derby he directed the world premiere of "The Pros, The Cons and a Screw" in 2009. Also in 2009, he directed the world premiere of a new musical, "" for , written by James Bourne and Elliot Davis. 
Dexter worked extensively for the Habima Theatre, the Israeli National Theatre, directing "Honk!" (2000), "Mary-Lou" (2002), "The Full Monty" (2003), "Shirley Valentine" (2005) and "High School Musical" (2008). In Singapore he directed "" (2002) (a collaboration with Stephen Clark and Dick Lee) and "Fried Rice Paradise" (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="20413540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413540" title="WD Austerity 2-8-0 79257">
WD Austerity 2-8-0 79257

War Department "Austerity" 2-8-0, WD No. 79257 is a preserved British steam locomotive. It is the only survivor of its type.
Originally built by the Vulcan Foundry in 1945, works No. 5200, it was given the WD No. 79257. During the liberation of Europe, it was transferred to mainland Europe with the British Army. After the war, it was sold to Nederlandse Spoorwegen (NS, Dutch Railways), where it became part of the NS 4300II Class, No. 4383. NS in turn sold it, along with another classmate to Statens Järnvägar (SJ, Swedish State Railways), where it became SJ Class G11 No. 1931. SJ made extensive modifications to the locomotive.
No. 1931 was saved from being scrapped by the Keighley and Worth Valley Railway, who ran it in SJ condition for several years. In 1993 work began on restoring the locomotive to more or less original condition, as "British Railways No. 90733", one higher than the last BR ex-WD Austerity 2-8-0, 90732 "Vulcan". Incidentally, one engine did very briefly carry the BR number 90733 as ex-WD Stanier Class 8F No. 48773 (also preserved) was incorrectly numbered that upon its entering into BR stock in 1957, after being mistaken for an Austerity 2-8-0 type.

</doc>
<doc id="20413544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413544" title="Harbinger (Dan Seals album)">
Harbinger (Dan Seals album)

Harbinger is the second album released by Dan Seals as a solo artist. Two tracks "Can't Get You Out of My Head", and "I Could Be Lovin' You Right Now" were both released as singles, but both failed to chart. This is his last album for Atlantic, before switching to Liberty/Capitol in 1983. This album was finally released on CD on October 17, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20413566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413566" title="Ken Kuhlken">
Ken Kuhlken

Ken Kuhlken was born and grew up in San Diego, played semi-pro baseball in Tijuana, and attended San Diego State University, first as a philosophy and then as an English major. After college, he wrote, played guitar and sang in a rock and blues band, and taught high school, before relocating to attend the University of Iowa Writers’ Workshop.
His stories have appeared in Esquire and dozens of other magazines and anthologies, been honorably mentioned in Best American Short Stories, and earned a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship.
During the 1980s, his fascination with novels of crime, punishment, and redemption, led him to conceive of the Hickey family series, which he continues to write. He has also been a frequent contributor of fiction and feature articles and a columnist for the San Diego Reader.
He has taught Creative Writing at the University of Arizona; California State University, Chico; and San Diego State University. With his wife Pam, he founded Perelandra College, which he serves as president and chair of Creative Writing.

</doc>
<doc id="20413567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413567" title="Edwin Fitch Northrup">
Edwin Fitch Northrup

Edwin Fitch Northrup (born February 23, 1866 - May 13, 1940) was a professor of physics at Princeton University from 1910 to 1920. He was affiliated with the "Leeds & Northrup Company" for about seven years. 
He studied at Amherst College and the Johns Hopkins University, where he gained his Ph.D. in physics in 1895. He then became assistant to Prof. Henry Augustus Rowland (died 1901) in the development of telegraph systems and became chief engineer at the newly founded Rowland Printing Telegraph Company. In 1903 he co-founded the Leeds & Northrup Company with Morris E. Leeds.
In 1937, Dr. Northrup published the science fiction novel "Zero to Eighty" under the pseudonym of "Akkad Pseudoman".

</doc>
<doc id="20413599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413599" title="Constructive treason">
Constructive treason

Constructive treason refers to the judicial extension of the statutory definition of the crime of treason. For example, the English Treason Act 1351 declares it to be treason "When a Man doth compass or imagine the Death of our Lord the King." This was subsequently interpreted by the courts to include "imprisoning" the king, on the ground that history had shown that when a king is held captive by a usurper, he often dies in captivity. Despite legislative efforts to restrict the scope of treason, judges and prosecutors in common law jurisdictions still succeeded in broadening the reach of the offence by "constructing" new treasons.
England and Great Britain.
Ironically, the first attempt to constrain the development of constructive treasons in England was the 1351 Act itself. Its preamble states that Parliament had decided to define treason by statute for the first time because the common law definition had expanded so widely (however this had not been constructive treason, since until 1351 treason had always been defined by judges, not by legislation). The Act ended with a clause which prohibited further judicial development of the offence:
As noted above, this was not entirely successful. From the seventeenth century, English courts refined and extended the law of treason, tolerated by Parliament, which sometimes even enshrined these new constructive treasons in new statutes — imprisoning the king became written into the Treason Acts of 1661 and 1795. By the nineteenth century, however, Parliament had established itself as the main source of new crimes, as the volume of legislation increased, and the ancient common law tradition of judges creating new crimes fell into disuse.
United States.
The United States inherited the English common law from the British Empire, and the Founding Fathers recognised the danger of what James Madison called "new-fangled and artificial treasons." Therefore they intentionally drafted the narrowly:
This avoided vague words like "compassing or imagining" which had given British judges and lawyers such latitude. The words "giving them aid and comfort" were added by the Committee of Detail to further narrow the definition of treason. This was done not only to prevent judges from constructing new treasons, but also to prevent Congress from enacting new ones.
The constitutional definition did not immediately deter prosecutors from attempting to prosecute for levying war people who had not directly done so. However the Supreme Court resisted efforts to construe the definition more widely than its text appeared to allow. In "Ex parte Bollman" (1807) the Supreme Court rejected arguments by prosecutors to the effect that enlisting an army of men against the United States could amount to levying war before they actually assembled. Chief Justice Marshall held: "The mere enlisting of men, without assembling them, is not levying war." In "United States v. Burr" the Court held that mere intent to commit treason was not sufficient either. Subsequent cases have concentrated on evidential requirements for proving treason, rather than definitions of substantive crimes.

</doc>
<doc id="20413694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413694" title="Cedar Park (Galesville, Maryland)">
Cedar Park (Galesville, Maryland)

Cedar Park is a historic home at Galesville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It was originally constructed in 1702 as a -story post-in-the-ground structure, with hand-hewn timbers and riven clapboards, with chimneys at either end. Later additions and modifications, in 1736 and in the early 19th century, resulted in the brick structure of today. Also on the property is a frame tenant house or slave quarters of the mid-19th century. Between 1825 and 1834, it was an academy for young women operated by Margaret Mercer as "Miss Mercer's School.".
Cedar Park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20413705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413705" title="Altab Ali Park">
Altab Ali Park

Altab Ali Park is a small park on Adler Street, White Church Lane and Whitechapel High Street, London E1; formerly known as St. Mary's Park it is the site of the old 14th Century white chapel, St. Mary Matfelon, from which the area of Whitechapel gets its name. Having been destroyed in The Blitz in 1940, all that remains of the old church is the floor plan and a few graves. Included in those buried on the site are Richard Parker, Richard Brandon and Sir John Cass.
This graveyard is the final resting place of 'Sir' Jeffrey Dunstan, Mayor of Garratt (died 1796 - see Hone's Everyday Book 1827, p. 859).
The park was renamed Altab Ali Park in 1998 in memory of
Altab Ali, a 25-year-old Bangladeshi clothing worker, who was murdered on 4 May 1978 in Adler Street by three teenage boys as he walked home from work. At the entrance to the park is an arch created by David Peterson, developed as a memorial to Altab Ali and other victims of racist attacks. The arch incorporates a complex Bengali-style pattern, meant to show the merging of different cultures in East London.
Along the path down the centre of the park are letters spelling out "The shade of my tree is offered to those who come and go fleetingly"; a fragment of a poem by Rabindranath Tagore.
The Shaheed Minar, which commemorates the Bengali Language Movement stands in the southwest corner of Altab Ali Park; the monument is a smaller replica of the one in Dhaka, Bangladesh, and symbolises a mother and the martyred sons.
The nearest London Underground station is Aldgate East on the District and Hammersmith & City Lines.

</doc>
<doc id="20413716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413716" title="Billboard Pop Memories">
Billboard Pop Memories

Billboard Pop Memories is a series of compilation albums released by Rhino Records in 1994, each featuring ten hit recordings spanning a five- or ten-year period from the 1920s through the 1950s.
The tracks from the 1940s and 1950s compilations were major hits on the various "Billboard" magazine best-sellers, jockeys and jukebox charts.
As the rock era moved into full swing, chronologically the series continues with "lighter" hits from the 1960s in the "Billboard Top Pop Hits" series of albums. These were followed up by sets of adult contemporary and easy listening music from 1970 through 1974 with the "Billboard Top Soft Rock Hits" series.

</doc>
<doc id="20413785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413785" title="Wyoming Highway 254">
Wyoming Highway 254

Wyoming Highway 254 is a state road northwest of Casper, Wyoming known as Salt Creek Highway.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 254 begins its south end the Town of Mills, just outside Casper at US 20 Business/US 26 Business (Yellowstone Highway). The Highway continues north into the Town of Bar Nunn at 0.79 miles (located northwest of Casper). Highway 254 intersects US 20/US 26 (Casper Bypass) at . WYO 254 continues north until where it turns east onto Wardwell Road for a short distance and there meets I-25/US 87 (exit 191) where WYO 254 ends.
History.
WYoming Highway 254 is the former alignment of US 87 prior to relocation along I-25.

</doc>
<doc id="20413810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413810" title="2004–05 George Mason Patriots men's basketball team">
2004–05 George Mason Patriots men's basketball team

The 2004–05 George Mason Patriots men's basketball team began their 39th season of collegiate play on November 11, 2004 versus Indiana University-Purdue University Fort Wayne at the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic tournament in Memphis, TN.
Awards.
"Second Team All-CAA"
"Third Team All-CAA"
"CAA All-Rookie Team"
"CAA Player of the Week"
"CAA Rookie of the Week"

</doc>
<doc id="20413814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413814" title="Injury phobia">
Injury phobia

According to the DSM-IV classification of mental disorders, the injury phobia is a specific phobia of blood/injection/injury type. It is an abnormal, pathological fear of having an injury. 
Another name for injury phobia is traumatophobia, from Greek τραῦμα ("trauma"), "wound, hurt" and φόβος ("phobos"), "fear". It is associated with BII (Blood-Injury-Injection) Phobia. Sufferers exhibit irrational or excessive anxiety and a desire to avoid specific feared objects and situations, to the point of avoiding potentially life-saving medical procedures. According to one study, it is most common in females and people with less education.
What sets injury phobia apart is that it is that when a person is exposed to blood, an injury, or an injection, they begin to experience extreme sensations of terror, such as breathlessness, excessive sweating, dry mouth, feeling sick, shaking, heart palpitations, inability to speak or think clearly, a fear of dying, becoming mad or losing control, a sensation of detachment from reality or a full blown anxiety attack.
The treatments that are available are mostly behavioral and cognitive therapies, the most common being behavioral. One method of behavioral therapy for traumatophobia is to expose the client to the stimuli, in this case being exposure to blood, injury, and injections, and repeat the process until the client’s reactions are less and/or cured. Hypnotherapy is also an option.

</doc>
<doc id="20413847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413847" title="Childs Residence">
Childs Residence

Childs Residence, also known as the George Miller Residence and Millersville Store and Post Office, is a historic home and associated buildings at Millersville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. The home is a c. 1840 -story frame dwelling with a large 2-story frame addition built about 1852. Also on the property are a frame smokehouse / dairy built about 1840, and a c. 1920 frame store. It served as the dwelling of the first Postmaster in Millersville, and is noteworthy for having continuously served as the Post Office and community store for 130 years. It is now home to the Anne Arundel County Trails program.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20413851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413851" title="Blood-injection-injury type phobia">
Blood-injection-injury type phobia

According to the DSM-IV classification of mental disorders blood-injection-injury type phobias constitute a subtype of specific phobias. It includes fear of blood (hemophobia), injury phobia and fear of receiving an injection (trypanophobia and some other names) or other invasive medical procedures.
A distinctive feature of phobias of this type is their vasovagal manifestation. For most fears (both normal and abnormal) the response to the feared stimulus includes the accelerated heart rate. In the cases of blood-injection-injury phobias a two-phase vasovagal response is observed: first a brief acceleration of heart rate, then its deceleration, bradycardia, and dropped blood pressure. The above may also lead to vasovagal syncope (fainting).
These characteristic vasovagal reactions may contribute to the development of a phobia. 
The other factors contributing to the development of the blood-injection-injury phobias are the same as for other specific phobias.

</doc>
<doc id="20413930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413930" title="Issues (The Saturdays song)">
Issues (The Saturdays song)

"Issues" is a mid-tempo pop / R&B song performed by British-Irish girl group The Saturdays. The song was written and produced by Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers. The single was released as the band's third official single, from their first studio album, "Chasing Lights". "Issues" was officially released on 5 January 2009 in the United Kingdom. The single gained to mixed reviews from pop music critics. 
"BBC Music" stated that the song was very diva-ish, and the band are divas in the making. Upon the release of the single, "Issues" gained a lot of chart success after charting at number four in the United Kingdom and number fourteen in the Republic of Ireland. The single also charted at number twenty-one on Eurochart Hot 100 Singles.
Prior to its single release, the lyrics to "Issues" were re-recorded after being misinterpreted as promoting violence. As the lyrics 'Can't decide if i should slap you or kiss you', left many people misunderstanding the word slap as stab, the lyrics where changed to 'Can't decide if i should leave you or kiss you'. The music video for "Issues", directed by Petro, features the group singing on a beach and inside a beach house.
Release and critical reception.
After the single was released, The Saturdays were forced to re-record the lyrics of "Issues". Radio stations refused to play the song until it was changed. The song lyrics where changed and it was added in the radio playlist. The original lyrics were 'can't decide if I should slap you or kiss you'. The band were forced to change the lyrics due to the sounding similarities between 'slap you' and 'stab you' which they were worried might promote violence. The music video version features the lyrics "slap you or kiss you", while the radio were playing "leave you or kiss you". The single has the radio mix of the song. 
"Issues" received mostly mixed reviews from pop music critics. James Masterton of Yahoo! Music described the song as a "drippy mid-Atlantic love ballad" that lacked the "spark, energy and sheer excitement" of the group's past singles. Stating that the single was not as fun as the band's previous two singles. In a review for Allmusic, Jon O'Brien called the track "dated" and wrote that it "sounds like a Max Martin reject from the '90s".
Vanessa White opens the song with the first verse, she sings the first bridge with backing vocals of Mollie King and the second with backing vocals of Frankie Sandford. White and Sandford take lead on the chorus as Una Healy and Rochelle Wiseman take lower harmony's and King takes higher harmony's. Wiseman takes the second verse as Healy takes the middle 8 with backing vocals of Wiseman and King. The final chorus has adlibs from White.
Chart performance.
After the album was released, the single jumped straight into the UK Singles Chart at number eighty-four. And two weeks later dropped out of the top 100 singles. After the release of the single, ""Issues"" stop up the UK Singles Charts and securing the chart position at number four, on 24 January 2009, it later spend 4 weeks in the UK Official Top 10 Singles and 18 weeks in the UK Official Top 40 Singles. It was then, the band's highest peak position, after charting higher than previous singles "If This Is Love" and "Up". It was their highest non-charity singles until being surpassed by "Forever Is Over".
The single entered the Irish Singles Charts at number thirty-six before moving further up the charts and placing itself at number fourteen. The single remained on the Irish Top 50 Singles for eleven weeks. Prior to the singles release, the band also released the song on the European Billboard, where it gained a peak position of number twenty-one, at the time, it was the second best chart success the band had on the Europe.
In the middle of 2009, "Issues" was also gained a certification of Silver by British Phonographic Industry, it was The Saturdays second single to gain a certification of silver, after selling over 200,000 copies in the UK.
Music video.
Background.
"Issues" music video was filmed in the United Kingdom at Kent. While it was directed by Petro. Poir the release of "Up" "Issues" music video was filmed before "Up" as the band were planning on releasing it as the second official single, but the label decided otherwise. The music video was filmed on 13 November 2008. Throughout the video, the band are seen standing at the shaw of the sea-side, with different coloured coats on. There are many scenes where the band is seen looking through windows of a house. The band are pictured wearing a number of different outfits throughout the whole video. They have different colour umbrella. The video primered 5 December 2008.
Synopsis.
As the video starts, it's a image of the old fashioned beach house, where the band are seen inside of late on in the video. As White starts singing on the music video, she is looking out of beach house window, at her band mates who are on the beach. The band are seen wearing winter clothes from Next. Sandford is seen laying on a sheep skin rug, in front of the fire. As the chorus kicks in the band walk down the beach front singing along to the song. As the first chorus of the song finished, the band are seen walking from the beach house with different coloured umbrellas walking in a straight line, while Wiseman has a pink umbrella, Healy has a green one, King has a blue one, White a purple one and Sandford a red one. As the lyrics sing "I keep building a wall over my heart", the band stand behind a white fence, which could represent the wall between the men and their hearts. As the video is starting to come to an end, the band are seen standing around a blazing fire, which could represent the girls trying to burn away all the memory of their heart-break.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Issues".
UK CD single
Digital single #1
Digital single #2
The Remixes
Personnel.
The following people contributed to "Issues":

</doc>
<doc id="20413970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413970" title="Patrick Creagh House">
Patrick Creagh House

The Patrick Creagh House is a historic home at 160 Prince George Street in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a single-pile, -story brick house with a steeply pitched gambrel roof. The house was originally built between 1735 and 1747 by local craftsman Patrick Creagh, and enlarged during the late 18th or early 19th centuries. In the early 19th century, the property was purchased by free African-American John Smith, whose wife operated Aunt Lucy’s Bakeshop at the corner of Main and Greene Streets.
Some walls of the house show scars from gunfire during the Civil War.
The Patrick Creagh House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
The backyard of the house has been used in several remodeling advertisements.
The property was previously owned by Martin and Eileen Friend (2006 - 2013). Their children being (in order of oldest to youngest) Joseph, Sarah, Daniel, and Elizabeth.

</doc>
<doc id="20413984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413984" title="The Divine Weapon">
The Divine Weapon

The Divine Weapon () is a 2008 South Korean film.
Plot.
During the reign of King Sejong the Great, Joseon Korea faces increasing hostility from Ming China. Ming China, without restraint, mounts unrelenting demands against the Korean crown, further entrenching distrust and aversion to subservience. Ming China has especially been provoked by a leaked news that Korea had under way an arms development program that would undermine theirs. Mounting pressure by threat of invasion and sending down Emperor's commands requesting young Korean girls to be sent to China, to reduce Korea's manpower and debilitate its military capacity, the grip around the throat becomes ever tighter. It seems Joseon's fate is dependent on completing an unfinished project - that of making Singijeon or the Divine Weapon a reality.
In the final battle, severely outnumbered Korean forces (less than 100 men) successfully defeat the thousands of Ming Chinese in armed combat with spears, bombs, and several finished Singijeon via several hwachas. Thousands of Ming Chinese footsoldiers are killed as the arrows in the Singijeon are launched. More are killed with the gunpowder packed inside the arrows(Standard Singeijeons). Those in the Ming Chinese army who remained are finished off with the large model Singijeons (대신기전,Grand Singijeon), except one of the nobles who prefers peace over warfare.
Release.
"The Divine Weapon" was released in South Korea on 4 September 2008, topping the box office on its opening weekend with 630,257 admissions. It led the box office for a further two weeks, and as of 9 November had accumulated a total of 3,749,611 admissions As of 16 November, the film had grossed a total of $19,991,573. making it the seventh most popular domestic film that year.
Reception.
The film has been criticized by Chinese audiences for alleged historical inaccuracies. The similar weapons are also recorded in Central Asia and Europe.
Awards and Nominations.
2008 Blue Dragon Film Awards
2009 Grand Bell Awards
2008 Korean Film Awards

</doc>
<doc id="20413990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20413990" title="List of large council estates in the UK">
List of large council estates in the UK

The following is a list of large council estates in the United Kingdom, identified as estates generally considered to have a population in excess of 10,000 (although population figures are not compiled for many estates, as they do not usually correspond to local government units).
Becontree in Dagenham is generally considered to be the largest council estate (in terms of population), with Wythenshawe in Greater Manchester the second largest. Easterhouse in East Glasgow, and Bransholme in Kingston upon Hull are contenders for third largest.
England.
Greater London.
Brent.
Stonebridge
West Yorkshire.
Wakefield.
There are three contiguous estates in west Wakefield, which have a combined population of around 18000: Flanshaw (pop. 6,312), Lupset (pop. 9,116) and Peacock (pop. 2,831).

</doc>
<doc id="20414006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414006" title="John C. Peck">
John C. Peck

John C. Peck (October 6, 1828 – unknown) was a businessman and building contractor from Atlanta, GA. Peck is known for constructing some of Atlanta's most notable early buildings including the Kimball House hotels. He was also the Chief of the Department of Construction for the 1881 International Cotton Exposition under Director-General Hannibal Kimball.
Early life.
Peck was born on October 6, 1828 in Ellsworth, Connecticut, the son of George W. Peck and his wife Hannah. He was the fourth of seven children. He married Josephine Hoyt in 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="20414007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414007" title="Duneland School Corporation">
Duneland School Corporation

The Duneland School Corporation is the school system that serves Jackson Township, Liberty Township, part of Pine Township, and Westchester Township, Porter County, Indiana, USA. Westchester Township has numerous small towns, including Chesterton, Porter, Dune Acres, and Burns Harbor.

</doc>
<doc id="20414022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414022" title="Market! Market!">
Market! Market!

Market! Market! is a real estate development owned by Ayala Land, a real estate subsidiary of Ayala Corporation and part of the Ayala Mall chain. It is located at Mabini Avenue corner McKinley Parkway, Bonifacio Global City, Fort Bonifacio, Metro Manila, Philippines, part of the fast-growing, Bonifacio Global City, which is Ayala Land's new Central Business District. It is the first of its kind of development in the Philippines combining traditional and non-traditional retailers and wholesalers within a mall setting with a distinct Sunday street market feel. The mall has themed retail zones, fruit and flowers market, and a regional food and hawker's area and provides one's basic needs.
Market! Market! is located across Bonifacio High Street and Serendra. It is situated on the former location of the Gen. Douglas MacArthur Staff House. Currently, the mall is undergoing several major renovations in preparation for market competition with SM Prime Holdings' planned upscale mall, SM Aura, which is located at C5 Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20414043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414043" title="1997 du Maurier Open – Men's Singles">
1997 du Maurier Open – Men's Singles

Wayne Ferreira was the defending champion, but lost to Yevgeny Kafelnikov in the third round.
Chris Woodruff won in the final 7–5, 4–6, 6–3, against Gustavo Kuerten.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. The top eight seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20414101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414101" title="Valparaiso Community Schools">
Valparaiso Community Schools

The Valparaiso Community Schools is the school system that serves Center Township, Porter County, Indiana, USA. Center Township is predominately the city of Valparaiso.

</doc>
<doc id="20414112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414112" title="House by the &quot;Town Gates&quot;">
House by the &quot;Town Gates&quot;

The House by the "Town Gates" is a historic home at 63 West Street in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a large and imposing brick building, 2½ stories high and five bays wide. It was originally constructed in the second quarter of the 19th century as a single-family dwelling, later converted into commercial spaces by the latter part of that century. The alley along the west side of the building is the only undisturbed example of original cobblestone paving known in Annapolis.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20414115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414115" title="Experticity">
Experticity

Experticity is a Salt Lake City, UT-based sales and service solution company, whose Experticity software platform enables enterprises to deliver live on-screen customer service and sales experts to customers in stores, service counters, and directly to consumer PCs. Using interactive video, audio and data, the Experticity platform allows companies to load balance staff to consumers on demand.
__TOC__
History.
Experticity was founded in 2005, as a successor to Video-Mation, which launched in 2001. The genesis of the idea came from a moment of frustration at an airport, where the company’s founder, D.L. Baron found himself waiting in a long line. Watching the inefficiency of the staffing and operations, Mr. Baron decided that “single point staffing”, as it was practiced at airports, in retail, hospitality, financial services, etc. had not changed since the dawn of the industrial age. Given the advent of widespread broadband connectivity, Mr. Baron thought that distributing service and sales experts live over the internet for “multi-point staffing” would be possible and much more efficient. 
The company was founded by Baron and a single software developer in Seattle, Washington. Seattle was specifically chosen to be the base of Experticity based on Seattle's history of successful technology firms. Experticity solidified its first partnership with Microsoft and soon thereafter featured at the NRF trade show at Microsoft's booth. It was at the NRF trade show that Experticity began its relationship with Staples of Canada, later going on to implement the Experticity platform in 34 stores.
Awards and Media Coverage.
2005-2006.
The Experticity platform has garnered attention in the U.S. as well as Canada and the UK, being featured in many articles and winning several awards since its inception. Shortly after Experticity was founded in 2005 the software solution was featured on Microsoft’s web site, Shortly thereafter Experticity began to gain momentum, as articles discussing the Experticity platform could be found in Advertising Age, Kiosk Marketplace, Retail Week, and Brand Week.
2007-Present.
Experticity continued to gain attention from American and Canadian media, and in January 2007 was recognized at "Self Service & Kiosk Association's" annual trade show. CBC Business Week also interviewed Experticity CEO and founder D.L. Baron regarding Experticity's solution and their partnership with Staples of Canada. Online business information resource "StorefrontBacktalk" also featured a story about the partnership between Experticity and Staples. 

</doc>
<doc id="20414130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414130" title="T43-class minesweeper">
T43-class minesweeper

The T43 class were a group of minesweepers built for the Soviet Navy and Soviet allies in the 1950s and 1960s. The Soviet designation was Project 254.
Design.
The design specification was issued in 1946 and the design was approved in 1948. The ships were built with steel hulls which were degaussed but no specific attempt was made to reduce electrical or acoustic signature. Several versions were produced:
Ships.
A total of 178 ships were built 
Exports.
One Syrian T-43 was sunk by the Israeli Navy during the Battle of Latakia. One or two Albanian and six Egyptian T-43s are active. All other T-43s are believed to have been retired.

</doc>
<doc id="20414140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414140" title="Sur (tango)">
Sur (tango)

Sur is a tango with music by Aníbal Troilo and lyrics by Homero Manzi. It was first recorded by Troilo's orchestra with vocals by Edmundo Rivero on 23 February 1948. The first live performance, by the same artists, was at the Tibidabo night club in Buenos Aires.
Lyrics.
The song is an elegy for a lost love, framed in the landmarks of the South side of Buenos Aires, lamenting both the end of a love story and the changes in the "barrio". The male narrator addresses the girl in the second person; it is mentioned that the girl was 20 at the time.
Among the landmarks mentioned are: the corner of San Juan and Boedo at the center of the Boedo neighborhood, Pompeya (located directly to the South of Boedo), the railway crossing and the swampland at the (southern) edge of Pompeya, and the enigmatic "blacksmith's corner, mud and pampa", which could refer to the corner of Centenera and Tabaré, already named in Manzi's earlier "Manoblanca" [http://www.todotango.com/english/biblioteca/cronicas/manoblanca.asp] or to a blacksmith shop in the corner of Inclán and Loria, in Parque Patricios neighbourhood.
Manzi himself was born in Añatuya, Santiago del Estero, and moved into Buenos Aires at the age of nine, living close to the landmarks mentioned in the tango.
Rivero himself made two small changes to the lyrics, with Manzi's blessing: [http://musicarberdi.wordpress.com/2007/08/14/anibal-troilo-edmundo-rivero-sur/]: "florando" became "flotando" ("flowering" to "floating", as the original verb is uncommon and was not understood by audiences), and "y mi amor y tu ventana" became "y mi amor en tu ventana" ("and my love and your window" became "and my love in your window"). The first of these changes was universally adopted.
Recognition.
Troilo's collaboration with Manzi yielded several hits during the 1940s, including "Barrio de Tango" and the waltz "Romance de Barrio" but none achieved the universal recognition of "Sur", perhaps the tango most loved by Argentines, and certainly one of the most conspicuously recorded [http://www.pagina12.com.ar/diario/suplementos/radar/17-3805-2007-05-06.html.
Besides Rivero's original recording, notable versions include covers by Julio Sosa, Nelly Omar, Roberto Goyeneche, and Andrés Calamaro.
Argentine author Ernesto Sabato has said [http://www.pagina12.com.ar/diario/suplementos/radar/17-3805-2007-05-06.html] that he'd give away all he's written for the privilege of being the author of "Sur".

</doc>
<doc id="20414162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414162" title="Albert Capraro">
Albert Capraro

Albert Capraro (born May 20, 1943) is an American fashion designer. He is a graduate of Parsons School of Design and worked for Lilly Dache and Oscar de la Renta before starting his own business in 1974. His clients have included Betty Ford, Susan Ford, Barbara Walters, Cristina Ferrare, Polly Bergen, Tawny Little
, Phyllis George and Anne Armstrong.

</doc>
<doc id="20414178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414178" title="Howard's Inheritance">
Howard's Inheritance

Howard's Inheritance is a historic home near Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story gambrel-roofed brick house with a hall-parlor plan. The building appears to have been constructed as early as 1760, with interior finishes renewed about 1840. Also on the property is a 19th-century frame corn crib.
Howard's Inheritance was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20414194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414194" title="List of European cities by elevation">
List of European cities by elevation

The following is a list of European cities by elevation ranked in order by elevation above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="20414218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414218" title="East Porter County School Corporation">
East Porter County School Corporation

The East Porter School Corporation is the school system that serves Pleasant Township, Morgan Township, Washington Township. These three township have only one town, that being Kouts.
Schools.
Sydney Yagelski

</doc>
<doc id="20414226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414226" title="A City Decides">
A City Decides

A City Decides is a 1956 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim about the racial integration of St. Louis Public Schools. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20414246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414246" title="Pet'r Oil">
Pet'r Oil

Pet'r Oil (or Petr'Oil, as it is listed in the official Eurovision website upon the on screen title when broadcast) was the Turkish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, held in The Hague, Netherlands. The song was sung by Ajda Pekkan in Turkish.
The song talks about the petroleum and its importance for the wealth of the nations and for this reason people love it.
The song was performed 2nd on the night, following Austria's Blue Danube with "Du bist Musik" and preceding Greece's Anna Vissi with "Autostop". At the close of voting, it had received 23 points, placing 15th in a field of 19.
It was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1981 Contest by Ayşegül Aldinç & Modern Folk Trio with "Dönme Dolap".

</doc>
<doc id="20414255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414255" title="Ray Hackett Racing">
Ray Hackett Racing

Ray Hackett Racing is a NASCAR Nationwide Series team owned by Ray Hackett. RHR fields the #76 Eagle Convenience Store Ford F-150 for Donnie Neuenberger.
The team focused primarily on the NASCAR Nationwide Series to start the 2008 season. However late in the season they purchased the fleet of trucks from JTG Racing in order to pursue racing in the Camping World Truck Series.
Hackett Racing purchases and leases their engines from Roush/Yates.
2008 season.
The team raced in 2 events in the 2008 Season. The Lipton Tea 250 in the NASCAR Nationwide Series, starting 43rd and finishing 35th and the Ford 200 in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series, starting 26th and finishing 34th after engine troubles. Ryan Hackett was the primary driver for both races.
2009 season.
The team started the season by failing to qualify in the Nationwide Series race at Nashville. Following that effort they concentrated on the Truck Series. Hackett Racing scored their first top twenty finish, an 18th place finish in the North Carolina Education Lottery 200. At the WinStar World Casino 400 they debuted their second truck, the #75, driven by Ryan Mathews. Later in the season at the Michigan 200, the #76 truck driven by Hackett led its first ever laps and was awarded the "Wix Lap Leader Award" for the race. The #76 also put up a 4th place practice run at Talladega Superspeedway in their final race of the season, however despite running most of the race in the top 15 a rear axle problem about halfway through the race ended the day early.
2010 season.
In January 2010 RHR announced that it would be attempting to race the entire 2010 Camping World Truck Series schedule with the #76 truck, again with Ryan Hackett as the driver. It also announced that it would run select races with its #75 truck, with Ryan Mathews again as primary driver. They debuted at the February 12th Daytona race with new sponsor Sears Sand and Gravel of Gloucester, Virginia on board and finished 15th. Prior to the Martinsville race in March it was announced that 2009 ARCA West Series Champion Brian Johnson, Jr. would drive the #76 truck in the Kroger 250, bringing sponsor SUPERSEAL Construction Products along with him. Johnson Jr. raced to a 32nd place finish at Martinsville and then a 30th place finish the following week at Nashville. The #75 truck would make its season debut at Kansas Speedway with Chris Jones driving it. For 2010 Hackett will again drive the #76 Ford with Johnson Jr. running at Martinsville again. On April 28, it was announced that veteran driver Rick Crawford would take over the #76 Ford at Kansas with sponsorship from SUPERSEAL originally entered for Hackett. This driver swap was due to Crawford's regular team, Circle Bar Racing, facing financial difficulties despite having the necessary equipment to race. Crawford qualified 15th for the race and was actually racing for the lead when he was involved in an accident. He would finish the race in 31st position.

</doc>
<doc id="20414277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414277" title="Kirani">
Kirani

Kirani (N 30.17 E 66.94) is an historical village lying five miles (8 km) west of Quetta city, capital of Baluchistan province of Pakistan on the outskirts of the Chiltan range and is set to derive its name from a defile lying near the village known as Giran Nai, or Kran Tangi. The village comprises the "mahals" under the Naurang, Malak, Kirani and Mast karezes and also karakhsa, and is said to have been established some seven generations back by Khwaja Wali, a Moudodi/Chishti syed, whose grave with that of his son, Mir Shahdad lies enclosed in a mud wall in the middle of the old graveyard. To the west of the village lies the Kirani Karez,which is said to date from the time of the Zoroastrians and behind the site of the existing village lies the ruins now of an old village where earthen pots of various kinds and iron arrowheads have been unearthed.Close to this is a solitary mulberry tree,called "Yaka tut", which the people believe has stood there from time immemorial.
History.
According to the 1901 census the village possessed 157 houses and had a population of 634: males 355 and females 279.
No industries are carried on but silk embroidery of a superior kind is done for house use.The wealth of the village is carried in its fruit culture; the gardens cover over and include 27 vineyards and 34 mixed gardens; the latter contain mulberries, figs, pomegranates, apples, apricots, plums and peaches. Many varieties of grapes are grown and fine melons are produced.The fruit and melons are generally sold for a lump sum to dealers, who retail them in Quetta market.

</doc>
<doc id="20414278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414278" title="Wyoming Highway 259">
Wyoming Highway 259

Wyoming Highway 259 is an north-south state highway located in northeastern Natrona County, north of Casper, in the east-central part of the U.S. state of Wyoming. The highway is the former routing of U.S. Route 87 was relocated onto Interstate 25.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 259 begins its southern end at an interchange with I-25/US 87 (Exit 210). Highway 259 heads north to the Town of Midwest just east of the Town of Edgerton. Here WYO 259 comes to an end at Wyoming Highway 387 near the Salt Creek Oil Field. Highway 259 is the fastest route for travelers between Casper and Midwest.
History.
Wyoming Highway 259 is the former routing of U.S. Route 87 prior to relocation along Interstate 25.

</doc>
<doc id="20414282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414282" title="2008–09 West Virginia Mountaineers men's basketball team">
2008–09 West Virginia Mountaineers men's basketball team

The 2008–09 West Virginia Mountaineers men's basketball team represents West Virginia University in the 2008-09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team is coached by Bob Huggins and plays their home games in the WVU Coliseum in Morgantown, West Virginia.
Pre-Season.
During the offseason, the Mountaineers picked up four recruits who look to make an immediate impact in Morgantown. Devin Ebanks a 6-9, 205 pound forward from Oakdale, CT seems to be the Mountaineers #1 recruit, being ranked #11 on the Rivals.com Top 150 recruits. The Mountaineers also added Darryl "Truck" Bryant, a 6-2 190 pound guard from Brooklyn, NY, Kevin Jones, a 6-7 210 pound forward from Mount Vernon, NY, and Dee Proby a 6-9 250 pound forward from Angelina College in Lufkin, TX. West Virginia was picked to finish 9th in the Big East Pre-Season Coaches Poll.
Schedule and results.
!colspan=12| Regular Season
!colspan=12| Big East Tournament
!colspan=12| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="20414308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414308" title="Leonard Enright">
Leonard Enright

Leonard Enright (born 1 July 1952 in Patrickswell, County Limerick) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Patrickswell and with the Limerick senior inter-county team from 1971 until 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20414349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414349" title="David Wenzel">
David Wenzel

David T. Wenzel (born November 22, 1950) is an illustrator and children's book artist. He is best known for his graphic novel adaptation of J.R.R. Tolkien's "The Hobbit".
Career.
Wenzel's first ambition had been to work for one of the big animation houses in California, but his early career path led him instead to work at an advertising agency and as a penciler in the mainstream comic book industry. From the mid-1970s to the early 1980s he worked on such Marvel Comics titles as "Avengers" and "Savage Sword of Conan". He penciled part of "The Avengers" story arc which won a 1979 Eagle Award for Best Continued Story.
Segueing from comics to children's literature in the 1980s, Wenzel illustrated Robb Walsh's "Kingdom of the Dwarfs" for Centaur Books, and then illustrated a series of books about American colonial life for Troll Associates. 
A recommendation from college classmate Larry Marder was key to Wenzel's landing his next major project. Marder was working with the people who had secured the rights to adapt "The Hobbit" to comics, and he knew firsthand that Wenzel had devoted his senior year in college to drawing Tolkien's characters. And so Wenzel provided the fully painted art for "The Hobbit: An Illustrated Edition of the Fantasy Classic", a three-part adaptation of "The Hobbit", written by Chuck Dixon and Sean Deming. The work was originally published by Eclipse Comics in 1989. Published in a collected edition by Ballantine in 1990, "The Hobbit: An Illustrated Edition of the Fantasy Classic" is one of the most successful graphic format adaptations of a piece of classic literature. In 2001, it was updated by Del Rey Books with a new cover, larger format, and 32 new pages of artwork.
Another graphic novel project in a similar vein was Wenzel and writer Douglas Wheeler's adaptation of some of the Brothers Grimm's fairytales for NBM in 1995. In 1998 Wenzel teamed with acclaimed comics writer Kurt Busiek on "The Wizard’s Tale", the story of Evernight, a land ruled by a consortium of evil wizards who discover that one of their kind harbors a "dangerous" glimmer of good. "The Wizard’s Tale" was designed to be a crossover book that blended children’s book elements with the format and readability of a graphic novel. 
Other notable projects Wenzel has done include Robert L. May's Christmas bestseller "Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer" (Grosset and Dunlap, 2001); Max Lucado's "A Hat For Ivan" (Crossway Books, 2004); and several books in the Little Bear series which were art-directed by Maurice Sendak (HarperFestival, 2003–2004). 
Wenzel's non-book related projects include puzzles, greeting cards, and two entire miniature kingdoms of collectible figurines. He also teaches at Lyme Academy College of Fine Arts in Connecticut.
Wenzel cites illustrators like Arthur Rackham, Edmund Dulac, N.C. Wyeth, and Howard Pyle as influences; as well as the Dutch painters Pieter Bruegel and Jan Steen.
Personal life.
Wenzel lives in Connecticut with his wife Janice, an artist and high school art teacher. Their sons Brendan and Christopher are both artists, and Wenzel's brother Greg is a book writer and illustrator.

</doc>
<doc id="20414366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414366" title="Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Armenia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, as confirmed by Armenian broadcaster Armenian Public Television (ARMPTV). Inga and Anush Arshakyan won the National final with their song "Jan Jan" and represented Armenia in the Eurovision 2009. 
Possible artists.
Popular male artist Aramé had expressed an interest in representing Armenia.
The Azeria-Press Agency had claimed that System of a Down would be the artists for the Armenian entry. A member of the Turkish Parliament from the Republican People’s Party (CHP), Akif Ekici, commented that the group was going to perform a song about Armenian genocide. He went on to say their song “Holy Mountains” offended the Turkish people, and asked the Turkish Prime Minister, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, what action could have been taken to stop the group participating in the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest.
National final.
The Armenian broadcaster returned to a national final format to select the fourth Armenian entry to the Eurovision Song Contest. This was the second time the Armenian entry was selected through a public contest. The final, held on 14 February, 2009 used a mixture of jury and televoting to select the winner.
Inga & Anush Arshakyanner with their song "Jan Jan" were landslide winners, taking the top mark from the jury and gaining 35% of the televote. Azerbaijani press agencies claimed that, the song "Jan Jan" fully copying the famous Azerbaijanian composer Tofig Guliyev's dance song "Nakhchivani", which was composed more than 30 years ago.
Mher with the song "My Heart, My Soul" was second while Dorians with the song "Fly" were close third.
At Eurovision.
Armenia qualified from the first semi final and eventually finished in 10th place in the final with 92 points. Despite it being the country's worst finish in the Eurovision, it gave them the country's fourth successive top ten finish.

</doc>
<doc id="20414373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414373" title="The Girl in Room 20">
The Girl in Room 20

The Girl in Room 20 is a 1949 race film directed by and starring Spencer Williams. The focuses on Daisy Mae Walker an aspiring singer from a small town in Texas, who comes to New York City to pursue a show business career, only to fall prey to a sleazy nightclub owner. Thanks to the intervention of a kindly taxi driver, Daisy Mae is able to achieve her goals.
"The Girl in Room 20" was filmed in 1946, but did not receive theatrical distribution until 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20414383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414383" title="The Dark Wave">
The Dark Wave

__NOTOC__
The Dark Wave is a 1956 short documentary film directed by Jean Negulesco about young girl with severe epilepsy. It was nominated for two Academy Awards, one for Best Documentary Short and the other for Best Two-Reel Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20414474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414474" title="Hungary in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Hungary in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Hungary participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. The Hungarian broadcaster, Magyar Televízió (MTV), confirmed their participation in November 2008.
Selection.
MTV confirmed in January 2009 that an internal selection will be held to select the Hungarian entry for the 2009 contest. An open call for songs was held until 2 February, with both the performer and song being selected internally. 
On February 3, after receiving a total of 105 entries, MTV revealed that they had selected Márk Zentai to represent Hungary at the contest in Moscow, Russia, with the song "If You Wanna Party". However, shortly after the announcement of the proposed Hungarian entry, it came to light that the song selected had been released in 2004 under the title "We Became Friends", which acted as the Swedish Big Brother theme song. Zentai withdrew his song from the selection shortly after this news became apparent, and MTV set about finding a new entrant for the contest. 
On February 4, MTV announced that actress Kátya Tompos would replace Zentai as the Hungarian representative, competing with the song "Magányos csónak" (Lonely boat). However the Alliance of Hungarian Popular Music Composers and Songwriters protested that they did not feel as if the jury had long enough to make a correct decision on 3 February, and were dissatisfied with the internal selection instead of a national final where the public could vote for the winner. Other claims were made as well, such as that the songwriters have to be from his or her motherland and that the jury was not professional. MTV, however, stood by their decision of selecting the song internally, as well as revealing that the jury of television and music industry professionals chose the song all day long on 3 February, and that they were satisfied with the jury's decision.
On 10 February, Tompos announced her withdrawal from the contest, alleging she wanted to focus on her theatre career and that she had no time to prepare her participation in Eurovision properly, because she takes part in 8 plays of 3 different theatres. The MTV jury had to convene once again to select another artist to represent Hungary at Eurovision. On 23 February, MTV held a press conference about this year's entrant. They mentioned that the jury chose three songs before the final decision was made to be sure one of them will not withdraw and completely meet the requirements. Then they announced the official entrant, which was Zoli Ádok with the song "Dance With Me"[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnX9_65_qNU].
At Eurovision.
Since Hungary is not one of the "Big Four" nor was it the host of the 2009 contest, it had to compete in one of the two semi-finals. At the semi-final allocation draw on 30 January, it was decided that the country would compete in the second semi-final on 14 May 2009.
Zoli performed for Hungary in position 11 in the running order, following Slovenia and preceding Azerbaijan. He failed to qualify Hungary to the final for a second successive year.

</doc>
<doc id="20414480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414480" title="List of rivers of the Bahamas">
List of rivers of the Bahamas

There are actually no rivers in the Bahamas, there are only Tidal creeks ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creek_(tidal) ) which resemble rivers.
This is a list of creeks in The Bahamas.

</doc>
<doc id="20414486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414486" title="The House Without a Name">
The House Without a Name

The House Without a Name is a 1956 short documentary film written and produced by Valentine Davies. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. 

</doc>
<doc id="20414489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414489" title="T58-class minesweeper">
T58-class minesweeper

The T58 class were a group of minesweepers built for the Soviet Navy in the 1950s The Soviet Designation was Project 264
Design.
The specification for these ships was issued in 1949 and the lead ship was completed in 1957. These ships were larger than the previous T43 class and had increased sweep capacity and were fitted with more advanced mechanical, acoustic and magnetic sweeps. Heavier self-defence weapons were also fitted. The ships had steel hulls and were powered by 3 diesel engines (which were located on two levels to minimise length). No special provision was made to minimise acoustic or pressure signature. The ships were also fitted to operate in an NBC environment.
Ships.
45 Ships were built between 1957 and 1962. All were scrapped by the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20414559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414559" title="Primrose Hill (Annapolis, Maryland)">
Primrose Hill (Annapolis, Maryland)

Primrose Hill is a historic home at 3 Milkshake Lane in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a -story, four-bay, double-pile brick house with interior end chimneys. It is of mid-18th-century Georgian design and construction, and the property is historically important with its direct association to the American portraitist, John Hesselius (1728–1778), who resided in this house between about 1763 and his death.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20414564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414564" title="Pardee Dam">
Pardee Dam

Pardee Dam is a -high structure across the Mokelumne River which marks the boundary between Amador and Calaveras Counties, in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada approximately northeast of Stockton. 
The impounded water forms Pardee Reservoir, the primary source of water for the East Bay Municipal Utility District (EBMUD) in the San Francisco Bay Area. The reservoir normally covers with a capacity. The water is transported from Pardee Reservoir across the Central Valley via the triple steel pipe Mokelumne Aqueduct to several storage reservoirs located in the hills east of San Francisco Bay which supply drinking water to the East Bay region. The water is also used to generate electric power and for recreation.
Both the dam and its reservoir are named for George Pardee, a prominent Progressive Era politician in the Bay Area who also served as Governor of California.

</doc>
<doc id="20414578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414578" title="Sarah Marshall (British film actress)">
Sarah Marshall (British film actress)

Sarah Lynne Marshall (25 May 1933 – 18 January 2014) was an English-American actress, the daughter of actors Herbert Marshall and Edna Best.
She was nominated for the Tony Award in 1960 for her role in George Axelrod's play "Goodbye, Charlie". That same year Marshall also had a starring role in "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" as "Poopsie" in "The Baby Blue Expression." Throughout the 1960s, she appeared in a variety of other television series, including "The Twilight Zone", "F Troop", "Get Smart", and "". She guest-starred in three episodes of NBC's "Daniel Boone": "Cry of Gold" (1965), "Take the Southbound Stage" (1967), and "Hero's Welcome" (1968).
From the 1970s until shortly before her death, Marshall appeared in numerous television series and in several motion pictures. On television, her only full-time regular series role was in the short-lived CBS sitcom "Miss Winslow & Son" in 1979, in which she played Evelyn Winslow, the mother of the series' main character Susan Winslow (played by Darleen Carr). Her final movie performance was that of "Mrs. Weston" in "Bad Blood ... The Hunger", released in 2012. 
Personal life.
Marshall, along with her husband Carl Held, also served 20 years on the Western Council of the Actors Fund of America.
Death.
Marshall, aged 80, died on 18 January 2014, after a lengthy battle with cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20414626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414626" title="Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Israel participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. After much deliberation at the IBA over who would be the Israeli representative, it was announced that Noa & Mira Awad will go to Moscow for Israel.
In a national final, Kdam Eurovision 2009, held on 2 March 2009, it was decided through the votes of juries and televoting, that the song that the duo will perform at Eurovision will be "There Must Be Another Way" (Einaiych).
Background.
Although not geographically in Europe, Israel has been allowed to participate at the Eurovision Song Contest since it is a member of the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), which all member states must be to compete. Israel's first participation was in 1973, where it was represented by Ilanit and placed fourth. 
Israel's first victory came in 1978, when Izhar Cohen & the Alphabeta won with "A-Ba-Ni-Bi". The 1979 contest was therefore held in Israel, the first time the contest was held outside of Europe, where Israel won again, this time represented by Gali Atari & Milk and Honey with "Hallelujah". The country is one of only four countries to win the contest while on home soil. The 1980 Contest, however, was not held in Israel, due to the IBA's lack of funds to host another event, and so it was moved to the Netherlands. The date set for this contest, however, was Israeli Memorial Day, so the IBA withdrew. Israel's third, and most recent, win to date came in 1998, when Dana International won with "Diva".
The Israeli national broadcaster, Israel Broadcasting Authority (IBA) broadcasts the event each year and organizes the selection process for the its entry. The selection process has varied over the years from completely internal selections where the IBA chooses the performer and song, to a national final format where the public can vote for either the performer, the song, or both.
Artist selection.
It had been rumored that Harel Skaat would be the 2009 Israeli Eurovision entrant. In the past he had been approached to represent Israel at Eurovision, but had turned the IBA down on its offer. In 2009, he was once again tipped as the leading candidate to be the entrant, but only on the condition that a current dispute between him and his former record label, Hed Arzi Music, is resolved, which forbids him from recording new material, for any purpose. This legal dispute, however, ended in failure, putting Skaat out of the running for Eurovision. Marina Maximillian Blumin had been revealed as a possibility for the IBA's committee after Skaat's failure, but could only head to Moscow if she could resolve issues with her current military service. Maya Bouskilla had also been revealed as a possibility, she was also enlisted in the Israeli army as of May 2008.
On 11 January, it was announced by the IBA that Achinoam Nini, known as Noa, will represent Israel at the contest and it was later revealed that she would be joined by Mira Awad. With the decision to send Awad, the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 will be the first time an Israeli Arab singer will represent Israel. 
Noa has revealed that their song for Eurovision will be performed in English, Hebrew and Arabic, "with the goal of using as a means to convey a message of peace in these difficult times".
Kdam Eurovision 2009.
Kdam Eurovision was used by the IBA to select the song that will be performed for Israel at Moscow. Due to financial difficulties, the commercial channel Channel 2 was not able to co-produce Kdam Eurovision as in last year's contest. Noa and Mira Awad will perform four songs, all with lyrics in English, Hebrew and Arabic, with the public selecting the winning song in a televised final on 2 March 2009. All songs were written by Noa, Mira Awad and Gil Dor.
In the show, the winner was decided through the votes of three juries and a televote. Two juries in the north and south of Israel, in Kiryat Shmona and Be'er Sheva, comprised 15% of the final vote each. They were joined by a jury made by the IBA, making 30% of the vote, and a televote, comprising the remaining 40%. The winner of the contest was "There Must Be Another Way" (Einaiych), and will be the song sung at Eurovision.
At Eurovision.
Israel had to compete in one of the two semi-finals after Boaz Mauda came ninth in the 2008 contest.
The song competed in the first semi-final and progressed to the finals. In the final itself, Israel performed in the number two slot, a position from which no entry has ever won the contest. It eventually finished in 16th place.

</doc>
<doc id="20414635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414635" title="Alexander Ratiu">
Alexander Ratiu

Father Alexander Ratiu (Scalp Level, Pennsylvania, May 4, 1916 - Aurora, Illinois, July 25, 2002) was a Romanian-American priest of the Romanian Greek-Catholic Church. While serving in his family's country of origin, he became a political prisoner, and later, after his release, an author.
Ratiu served as a pastor in both Giurtelecu Şimleului, Romania, and in Plainfield, Illinois, in the United States.
Early life.
Ratiu was born on May 4, 1916, in Scalp Level, Pennsylvania, in the United States, one of the four sons of Elisabeta Chindriş and Grigore Raţiu, immigrants from Romania. His brothers were named Grigore, Ioan and Emilian. In 1921, his family moved back to Romania where he was raised in Moftinu Mic, Sălaj County (now Satu Mare County). In Carei, he attended "Vasile Lucaciu" State High School. Then he studied philosophy at Oradea, where he was a schoolmate with Coriolan Tămâian, who later became a noted prelate of the diocese. Following his university studies, in preparation for the priesthood, he studied theology at the seminary in Blaj.
Ratiu then went to Rome, where he attended the Pio Romano Seminary and the Pontifical Urbaniana University, where he received a doctorate in theology. He was a classmate for seven years with Virgil Maxim (1923-1997), who was also a noted prisoner of the Romanian government for his religious beliefs.
Ministry in Romania.
Ratiu was ordained a priest of the Romanian Greek-Catholic Church in Rome on July 20, 1941 by Bishop Alexander Evreinov, for the Greek Catholic Diocese of Oradea Mare in the region of Transylvania in Romania.
Ratiu worked as a volunteer for the National Peasants' Party, for which, in 1946, he worked to organize the country's general election. In May 1947, he served as a priest in Giurtelecu Şimleului. Between May 1947 and July 1948 he was arrested and imprisoned for his political activity against the Romanian Communist Party.
After his release, Ratiu taught at the Greek-Catholic seminary in Oradea. A few months later, in October 1948, the Romanian government dissolved the Greek-Catholic Church in the country, declaring that the will of the people was to join the Romanian Orthodox Church. They seized all its churches and institutions and gave them to the Orthodox Church. The government then arrested the six bishops of the Church, along with many priests and lay leaders, and attempted to convince them to declare publicly their allegiance to the Orthodox Church. Refusal led to torture and often death. Ratiu refused, however, to renounce his faith.
Political prisoner.
Consequently, Ratiu was arrested again on October 19, 1948, by the Communist government and remained imprisoned for the next sixteen years, of which eighteen months were passed in solitary confinement at the Sighet prison. Between 1948-1964, Raţiu was imprisoned at a succession of prisons: Căldăruşani, Sighet prison (May 24, 1950 - July 1955), Gherla (1955-1959), Jilava, Băteşti, followed by being sent to labor camps at Strâmba, Stoieneşti and Great Brăila Island. He was subsequently placed under house arrest for another two years (1962-1964) - during which time he was confined in Lăţeşti, Ialomiţa County.
Return to the United States.
In 1964, Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej, the Secretary General of the Romanian Communist Party, declared a general amnesty for political prisoners, which set Ratiu free. The Communist authorities allowed him to leave Romania in 1970, and he returned to the United States in 1971, staying with his brother Grigore and his family. Raţiu met with Pope John Paul II in Rome and presented the situation of Greek-Catholic Church in Romania. He served in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Joliet in Illinois from 1974 until his retirement. Ratiu was an assistant priest at St. Mary Immaculate Church in Plainfield, Illinois (1975-1982).
Raţiu became a member of the Cardinal József Mindszenty Foundation in 1977, and for 25 years served on the Board of Directors, participating in the foundation's conferences in St. Louis, Kankakee and Chicago, where he gave many talks. An abridged edition of his book, "Stolen Church", was a Christmas gift by the Foundation to its members.
Ratiu was generous in his friendship and financial support for countless persons in Romania seeking to emigrate to the United States. He helped establish a Romanian Greek-Catholic Mission of Saints Peter and Paul in Chicago in December 1994. He spoke eight languages fluently, and this aptitude for languages led him to learn Spanish to celebrate Mass for Mexican migrant workers.
In 1996, after Communism was faltering in Romania, Raţiu returned for a visit to witness the rebirth of the Greek Catholic Church. He preached to large crowds of the faithful as parishes reopened, and attended the consecration of several new bishops for the Byzantine Rite.
Awards.
In 1983 the Polish Freedom Fighters bestowed upon Alexander Ratiu the Solidarity Freedom Award.
Death.
Raţiu died on July 25, 2002, at his home in Plainfield, Illinois, at the age of 86. On his deathbed Raţiu said, "Spiritual freedom gives us courage, the courage to preach. So I preached freely and defended the faith when the persecution began, and I rejoiced when I was arrested." His funeral took place at the Romanian Greek Catholic Church "Sf. Gheorghe", in Aurora, Illinois, on the morning of July 27, 2002. He was interred in Plainfield, Illinois.
Legacy.
Alexander Raţiu remarked that prison had an unexpected effect on priests and other believers, as well as former atheists: "In prison one either goes mad or becomes a saint." For many who suffered imprisonment, it was the first time in their lives that they were led to pray and to look for God’s support:

</doc>
<doc id="20414650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414650" title="Hollywood vs. America">
Hollywood vs. America

Hollywood vs. America: Popular Culture and the War on Traditional Values is a 1992 book by conservative film critic Michael Medved. Its purpose is an examination and condemnation of violence and sexuality in cinema, as well as other media, such as TV and
rock music. 
Medved argued in the book that since the 1960s, American popular culture-especially Hollywood cinema-had
been producing art that was excessively violent, sexual and disrespectful to authority, and that
such art was having a harmful effect on American society.
The book's evidence relies heavily on the Lichter & Rothman book "Watching America" and the 1990 conference "The Impact of the Media on Children and the Family" to conclude that violence in cinema has a negative impact on American culture, especially by motivating viewers to mimic the violence they see on the screen. The book was
praised by George Gilder in its American edition.
Reception.
In his book "Movies About the Movies", film historian Christopher Ames attacks "Hollywood vs. America" as overly simplistic, exhibiting "virtually no awareness of the function of fantasy and vicarious experience…That audiences might have complex reasons for viewing behavior they do not wish to emulate or experience firsthand eludes Medved." 
Charles Oliver, reviewing the book for "Reason" magazine, took issue with several of Medved's arguments. Oliver stated the commercial failure of "" was due to the fact "it was simply the worst of the series", not because of Medved's statement that audiences objected
to the film's anti-religious tone. Oliver pointed out themes like anti-heroes, crime and adultery had been staples of the American film industry since the 1940s, citing films like "White Heat" and "Double Indemnity". Oliver also stated "Medved never stops to consider the idea that maybe adultery is a powerful dramatic theme-powerful because we value marriage so much". 
On the other hand, Martin Amis agreed with some of Medved's points about violence affecting young audiences, while ultimately rejecting Medved's argument, saying violence was an inevitable part of any artistic medium.
John Podhoretz in "Commentary" praised the book,
stating: "The central point of "Hollywood vs. America" is, however, unassailable: not only is their a gaping chasm between Hollywood's America and the real America, but Hollywood seems willing to pay in the coin of reduced profits for its continual refusal to bridge the chasm". 
"Hollywood vs America" was criticized in two articles by Brian Siano in the January 1993 issue of "The Humanist" magazine as being a case of Medved trying to exaggerate in order to make his point.

</doc>
<doc id="20414651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414651" title="Anna Führing">
Anna Führing

Anna Führing (1866–1929) was a German actress. She is, however, more famous as the model for the Germania stamp of the Reichspost.
Biography.
Anna Führing was born in Hamburg on March 6, 1866 as the daughter of the theatre and restaurant owner Carl Führing. In Berlin she received her education in acting. Frequently she represented on stage the figure of Germania, as for instance at a festival in Düsseldorf in 1891 when emperor Wilhelm II was in attendance. In 1892, when the Theater am Schiffbauerdamm in Berlin was inaugurated, Führing played the role of Iphigenie. With the rise of the silent movies, Führing took on roles in the new medium.
In 1899, she got married to Ferdinand von Strantz, the Director of the Hofoper of Berlin and 45 years her senior. She henceforth carried the title Baronin Anna von Strantz-Führing; the couple had one daughter. Führing died in Berlin on November 2, 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20414658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414658" title="Jatibarang Lor">
Jatibarang Lor

Jatibarang Lor is a village in Sub-District of Jatibarang, Brebes Regency. Province Central Java, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="20414663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414663" title="Upton Scott House">
Upton Scott House

The Upton Scott House is a historic home at 4 Shipwright Street in Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, rectangular brick house. The interior is lavish, and the house has sustained only minor alterations in the 20th century. The house was built for Dr. Upton Scott, the personal physician to the Royal Governor of the Province of Maryland, and is of the transitional Georgian style. The house was built by William Brown, and closely resembles Brown's house on the South River, now known as the London Town Publik House.
The Upton Scott House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20414665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414665" title="Employees Only">
Employees Only

Employees Only is a 1958 American short documentary film produced by Kenneth G. Brown. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20414683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414683" title="Toyota Mark II Blit">
Toyota Mark II Blit

The Toyota Mark II Blit was the replacement of the Toyota Mark II Qualis, and shared a platform with the Mark II rear wheel drive sedan. The Mark II Qualis was a rebadged (SXV20) Camry Gracia wagon, with front wheel drive. The Blit was introduced January 2002 after the Crown Estate and Caldina wagons ended production starting June 2007 due to consolidation efforts. Toyota's official Blit successor was a front wheel drive minivan, the Mark X Zio, from September, 2007. The Blit was a return to the Mark II platform with rear wheel drive with optional AWD and not a wagon version of the front wheel drive Camry. The Blit used straight-6 engines with an optional turbo that was discontinued May 2006. The engines used were the 2.0 L 1G-FE, 2.5 L 1JZ-FSE, 2.5 L 1JZ-GE, and 2.5 L turbocharged 1JZ-GTE.

</doc>
<doc id="20414702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414702" title="Gerald Nailor">
Gerald Nailor

Gerald Nailor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20414741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414741" title="Nogales, Badajoz">
Nogales, Badajoz

Nogales is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 692 (2007) and an area of 80.7 km².

</doc>
<doc id="20414772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414772" title="Miroslav Šuta">
Miroslav Šuta

Miroslav Šuta (born 1969, Chomutov, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech environmental expert and non-fiction writer.
He has been a member of the National committee for chemical safety since 1997 and several working groups of European Environmental Bureau (EEB). 
He published articles in several Czech magazines, for example "Respekt", "Literární noviny", "Sedmá generace" (Seventh Generation), "Odpady" (Waste) or "EKO - ekologie a společnost" (ECO - ecology and society).

</doc>
<doc id="20414780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414780" title="Journey into Spring">
Journey into Spring

Journey into Spring is a 1958 British short documentary film directed by Ralph Keene and made by British Transport Films. It was nominated for two Academy Awards, one for Best Documentary Short and the other for Best Live Action Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20414785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414785" title="Café de Paris (Rome)">
Café de Paris (Rome)

The Café de Paris is a famous bar on Via Veneto, one of the best known (and most expensive) streets in Rome, Italy. It is located at Nr. 90, close to the United States embassy. The bar was immortalised in 1960 in the movie "La Dolce Vita" by Italian filmmaker Federico Fellini, starring Anita Ekberg, Anouk Aimée and Marcello Mastroianni who played a "paparazzo" riding his Vespa in search of celebrities. During the heady days in the 1960s, the cafe was one of the preferred watering holes of starlets, residual nobility, nouveau riche and sultans.
In November 2008, the Italian anti-fraud police announced that the bar had been taken over by 'Ndrangheta crime families from Calabria. The bar was in the hands of the Alvaro 'Ndrangheta clan. Antimafia judges from Reggio Calabria seized the premises in July 2009.
The bar was re-opened in November 2011 and is now managed by the National Agency for the Administration and Allocation of Confiscated Properties ("Agenzia nazionale per l'amministrazione e la destinazione dei beni confiscati"), and sells products produced by one of Italy's leading anti-Mafia groups Libera, which runs cooperative farms on lands confiscated from the Mafia and other Italian organized crime groups. "The new administrators want the cafe to offer products that are not only good but just", said Father Luigi Ciotti of Libera.

</doc>
<doc id="20414803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414803" title="Sunnyfields (Linthicum Heights, Maryland)">
Sunnyfields (Linthicum Heights, Maryland)

Sunnyfields is a historic home at Linthicum Heights, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is partially brick, two and a half stories tall and three bays wide, and was built in 1810. The east portion is of frame construction, six bays long, and two stories high and dates from about 1785. It has characteristics from several periods of Maryland architecture: pre-Federal vernacular (original frame wing), high style Federal (brick wing), and early-20th century mass-produced Classical Revival (columns and stair added in pre-Federal portion).
Sunnyfields was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20414822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414822" title="1915 Pleasant Valley earthquake">
1915 Pleasant Valley earthquake

The 1915 Pleasant Valley earthquake occurred in Pleasant Valley, in Pershing County, in north-central Nevada, on October 3, 1915. With a Richter magnitude of 7.1 and a maximum perceived intensity of X ("Intense") on the Mercalli Intensity Scale, it was the strongest earthquake ever recorded in the state.
Geology.
The rupture originated along an unnamed fault somewhere in the eastern side of Pleasant Valley, in north-central Nevada. The epicentral region was mostly uninhabited, so there was little property damage considering the magnitude of the quake.
The earthquake remains as one of the best examples ever for evidence of creating spectacular fault scarps along the west side of the Tobin Range. It produced four scarps, with a total length of , and re-ruptured Holocene scarps located at the bottom of the base of the mountain blocks. Among the scarps, the average vertical displacement among the affected areas was , and the maximum displacement of occurred near the old Pierce School site on Buskee Creek Canyon.
Damage.
The earthquake's damage was confined, only recorded within 80 kilometers of the epicenter. Damage in Kennedy destroyed two adobe houses, collapsed several mine tunnels, and cracked concrete mine foundations. Winnemucca experienced damage to adobe buildings as well, and several multistory brick buildings lost coping and upper wall parts. Many chimneys were destroyed if they were above roof lines. Water tanks were knocked over in Battle Mountain, Kodiak, Lovelock, and Parran. Several ranches reported damage, all by the southern end of Pleasant Valley. More adobe houses were knocked down by the shaking; a masonry chicken house and a hog pen were destroyed; and houses were displaced from their foundations.
The earthquake had several aftershocks, which disturbed a significant amount of land in Northern Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20414848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414848" title="Quédate esta noche">
Quédate esta noche

"Quédate esta noche" (, "") was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in Spanish by Trigo Limpio.
The song is a romantic up-tempo number with influences from disco, in which the trio sings ""If perhaps I made a mistake/I want to say I'm sorry"". They go on to sing ""Put away the keys/and put the suitcase back in its place again"" and the chorus is a direct invitation to the other part; ""Sleep beside me tonight/Stay beside me tonight/Love me a lot tonight/I'll be yours tonight..."" Trigo Limpio also recorded the song in French, as "Viens rêver" (translated: "Come and Dream").
The song was performed 18th on the night, following Ireland's Johnny Logan with "What's Another Year" and preceding Belgium's Telex with "Euro-Vision". At the close of voting, it had received 38 points, placing 12th in a field of 19.
It was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 1981 Contest by Bacchelli with "Y sólo tú".

</doc>
<doc id="20414853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414853" title="Inworth railway station">
Inworth railway station

Inworth railway station was a station in Inworth, Essex. It closed in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="20414880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414880" title="The Living Stone">
The Living Stone

The Living Stone is a 1958 Canadian short documentary film directed by John Feeney about Inuit art. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
The film is included in the 2011 Inuit film anthology "", bringing together over 100 films by and about the Inuit people of Canada, distributed on DVD to Inuit communities across the Canadian North and available online.

</doc>
<doc id="20414892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414892" title="Turkey Hill (Linthicum Heights, Maryland)">
Turkey Hill (Linthicum Heights, Maryland)

Turkey Hill is a historic home at Linthicum Heights, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It was built about 1822 by William Linthicum. Originally the house consisted of a -story frame section and a three-story field stone section linked together by an open porch. As the family increased in size, Linthicum added another story to the frame portion, making it two and a half stories high. Also on the property is a birdhouse, modeled after Camden Station in Baltimore City; a late-19th-century carriage house; a late-19th-century meathouse; and an early-20th-century garage also stand on the property.
Turkey Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20414903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414903" title="Bat Seui Yiu... Yun Mei Dak Ho Pa">
Bat Seui Yiu... Yun Mei Dak Ho Pa

Bat Seui Yiu...Yun Mei Dak Ho Pa (
) is Cantopop star Candy Lo's debut EP. It was released on 1 December 1998. For this recording, Candy collaborated with Hong Kong producer Chan Fai Young.

</doc>
<doc id="20414998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20414998" title="Loggers' Run Community Middle School">
Loggers' Run Community Middle School

Loggers' Run Community Middle School (LRCMS) is a middle school located in Boca Raton, Florida which opened in 1984. It offers a forensic/pre-med academy, a culinary program, a technology lab, and a news studio. As of 2014 they now offer a Pre - Law Program at the school. 

</doc>
<doc id="20415018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415018" title="Lorada">
Lorada

Lorada is a 1995 album recorded by French singer Johnny Hallyday. It was released on June 20, 1995, and achieved success in France and Belgium (Wallonia), where, however, it failed to top the charts, being blocked by Michael Jackson's "" and Céline Dion's "D'eux". It provided four singles in France, but a sole top ten hit : "J'la croise tous les matins" (#7), "Ne m'oublie pas" (#18), "Quand le masque tombe" (#22) and "Rester libre" (#26). Several songs of the album were written by Jean-Jacques Goldman, including the first hit single.
Track listing.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20415033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415033" title="Poland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Poland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Poland participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, as confirmed by Polish broadcaster Telewizja Polska (TVP). TVP continued to use the "Piosenka dla Europy" contest to select the Polish representative for the 2009 contest in Moscow. The 2009 edition of the contest was held on 14 February, with the winner decided by jury and televoting. The winner was Lidia Kopania with "I Don't Wanna Leave", represented Poland at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in May 2009.
Possible withdrawal.
After coming 24th (second last) in the 2008 contest, talks within TVP suggested that Poland may withdraw from the 2009 contest. However, they indicated that their decision on withdrawal would be based on changes, if any, to the current voting system. TVP also suggested to the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), the contest's organisers, that an international jury should be put into use in the next contest, such as the one used in the Eurovision Dance Contest. TVP's spokeswoman, Aneta Wrona, indicated that Poland's decision would not be affected by the then-ongoing war in South Ossetia. TVP's decision might also have been affected by Poland's win in the Eurovision Dance Contest 2008, and Poland being the possible host of the next edition.
After the EBU revealed a new voting system for the final of the 2009 contest, introducing a mixture of televoting and jury voting, TVP officially confirmed their participation in Moscow.
Piosenka dla Europy 2009.
TVP confirmed that they will use the "Piosenka dla Europy" contest to select the Polish representative for the 2009 contest, which was planned to be held on 20 or 21 February. However, this date was changed by TVP to 14 February, purely for "commercial reasons". TVP made an open call for songs, and will select around seven songs to compete in the contest. They will be joined by up to five artists internally selected by TVP, bringing the total number of songs to a maximum of 11. The final line-up will be announced on 23 January.
The deadline of entries was set at 16 January to anyone wishing to enter, regardless of citezenship. However, TVP requires a minimum of one single or album to have been released per artists. Alternatively, artists must have competed in professional song contests or music festivals at a national level or have a working contract with a record label or a professional concert agency. 122 entries were received by TVP, 87 of which came from within Poland. The 12 finalists were named on 23 January. TVP later had to disqualify Katarzyna Skrzynecka's "Amazing", composed by Jud Friedman and Allan Rich, after it was revealed it had been performed in October 2007 on "Taniec z Gwiazdami", the Polish verion of "Dancing with the Stars". Mikromusic's "Kardamon i pieprz" was also later disqualified for the same reasons. The draw for the running order was held on 28 January.
The winner of Piosenka dla Europy 2009 was Lidia Kopania with "I Don't Wanna Leave". The song was the favourite in the televote, and came second in the jury vote. During the show, the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 winner Ruslana and last year's Polish entry Isis Gee performed.
3.8 million have been reported to have watched the 2009 Piosenka dla Europy, constituting a 28% audience share, being the most watched show that night.
Promotion.
After winning Piosenka dla Europy, Kopania visited some of the competing countries at Eurovision to promote her Eurovision entry. Kopania performed "I Don't Wanna Leave" during the Latvian national final on 28 February, as well as during the Ukrainian national final on 8 March. She has also been lined up to perform during the UK Eurovision Preview Party on 17 April in London, United Kingdom and the Eurovision Promo Concert in Amsterdam, Netherlands, on 18 April.
At Eurovision.
Poland had to compete in the second semi final, as determined on for the 30th January. They have not automatically qualified for the final as Isis Gee came 24th in the 2008 contest. Lidia performed fifth in the running order of the semi-final on 14 May, following Serbia and preceding Norway. She failed to qualify Poland to the final on 16 May.
Voting in semi-final 2.
As Poland competed in semi-final 2 they were obliged to vote in the semi-final. A public televote was held, in which the public voted for their favourite songs through telephone and SMS. These televotes were converted to points, with the most voted song receiving 12 points, the second most voted song receiving 10 points, the third most voted receiving 8 points, and so on until the 10th most voted song received 1 point.
Voting in the final.
Poland voted in the final as seen in the following table. In line with new Eurovision rules, with both a televote and a jury vote taking place, Poland conducted a televote, which were converted into points, with the most voted song receiving 12 points, the second most voted song receiving 10 points, the third most voted receiving 8 points, and so on until the 10th most voted song received 1 point. This was joined by votes of a jury of five persons who voted in the same manner. The two sets of points were combined, and converted again to give the final points.

</doc>
<doc id="20415038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415038" title="Parrish &amp; Heimbecker">
Parrish &amp; Heimbecker

Parrish & Heimbecker Limited is a Canadian grain company with about 1500 employees across Canada and the northern United States. The company has several divisions including flour milling, feed milling, grain marketing, transportation and logistics.
Parrish & Heimbecker Limited is a private, family-owned business founded in 1909. This Canadian-owned, vertically integrated business is one of the largest full-service grain-handling and crop-input supply companies in Canada. It is also the largest Canadian-owned milling company in Canada, with animal nutrition, poultry farming and food-processing divisions in Western and Eastern Canada.
The company is an agent and accredited exporter for the Canadian Wheat Board.
In 2002, the company acquired a grain elevator at Dutton Siding, Manitoba from Agricore United. 
The elevator is located between Gilbert Plains and Grandview in Manitoba.
History.
Parrish and Heimbecker began in 1909 by William Parrish and Norman G. Heimbecker. Until 1918, the firm bought and sold grain on the Winnipeg Grain Exchange, but was not operating grain elevators.
In 1918, P&H bought 10 elevators from Louis Strong and Frederick Dowler, who were Calgary grain brokers. After buying more elevators, by 1920, P&H had 20 elevators.
Network of Canadian Grain Elevators and Terminals.
In 2011, P&H have approximately 32 grain elevators in Canada including 12 grain elevators in Ontario that handle a variety of Canadian agricultural products such as wheat, corn, barley, soybeans, oats, Distillers grain, IP soybeans, Navy beans etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20415046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415046" title="Lynford">
Lynford

Lynford is a village situated in the Breckland District of Norfolk and covers an area of with a population of 157 in 81 households as of the UK census 2001. Lynford lies north east of Brandon and between Mundford, to the north west, and Thetford, to the south east, on the A134. It lies deep within Breckland forestry land between the Stanford Battle Area and Thetford Forest.
Lynford is served by Our Lady of Consolation and Saint Stephen chapel of ease joined to Saint Mary's Catholic Church, Thetford.
Lynford Hall, which is actually closer to Mundford, was rebuilt in the 19th century by Stephens Lyne-Stephens who was known as the richest commoner in England. The hall is now a hotel and conference centre. Lynford Arboretum and Lakes, formerly part of Lynford Hall estate, is now owned by the Forestry Commission.
Grimes Graves, the only Neolithic flint mine open to visitors in Great Britain, lie a mile to the south. Lynford Quarry is one of only two sites on mainland Britain which has evidence of Neanderthal occupation.

</doc>
<doc id="20415051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415051" title="Prapanna">
Prapanna

Prapanna is a sanskrit word and it means complete surrender/dedication. To make it easier for all kinds of people, Raamaanuja of VishishTaadvaita said that a person has to be just a 'prapanna', meaning completely surrendered to God. This is called 'Prapatti'. If a person completely trusts God and surrenders himself in thought, word and deed, then he can attain to the highest point "Vishnoh Paramam Padam".
There is mention of Prapanna many times in Bhagavata Purana. A prapanna is expected to fulfill some or all of the five a~ngas to attain prapatti. 'Prapanna' is the one who surrenders herself/himself to God and how she/he deals with life treading a path of purity.

</doc>
<doc id="20415060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415060" title="Twin Oaks (Linthicum Heights, Maryland)">
Twin Oaks (Linthicum Heights, Maryland)

Twin Oaks is a historic home at Linthicum Heights, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. The house is a -story brick Greek Revival–influenced dwelling constructed in 1857, with additions and Neo-Classical embellishments made in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The final composition is an eclectic, Georgian Revival–influenced dwelling. Twin Oaks was the home of U.S. Congressman John Charles Linthicum, who is noted for sponsoring the legislation which established "The Star-Spangled Banner" as the United States National Anthem. He entertained many dignitaries at Twin Oaks, including William Jennings Bryan and General Douglas MacArthur. Also on the property are a Victorian birdhouse, an aviary, a columned grape arbor, two freestanding concrete-cast columns, and a few pieces of statuary.
Twin Oaks was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20415078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415078" title="Bronco Student Center">
Bronco Student Center

The Bronco Student Center is a student activity center for meetings, conferences, meals, recreation, and shopping for students and alumni on the campus of Cal Poly Pomona in Pomona, California. The building houses Cal Poly Pomona Associated Students government offices, as well as other student-run departments. The original building was built in 1976 and was designed by architecture instructor James Pulliam.
Bronco Art Program.
"From the ASI Art Program at Cal Poly Pomona website"
The mission of the ASI Bronco Student Center Art Program is to create an engaging and stimulating environment by acquiring and displaying exhibits and informative topics by living artists that reflect diversity of art produced; particularly in the Los Angeles metropolitan area. Because artists play a critical role in culture and society, one of the program’s goals is to advance the intellectual life of the campus community through art.
Food services.
In addition to the Campus Center Marketplace the student center offers a variety of dining options.

</doc>
<doc id="20415105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415105" title="Ethan (given name)">
Ethan (given name)

Ethan is a male given name of Hebrew origin (איתן) that means firm, strong and long-lived. It may also be spelled Eitan or Eytan. Ethan may refer to:
Popularity.
In 2013 it was the fourth most popular name for boys in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20415106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415106" title="Overture (1958 film)">
Overture (1958 film)

Overture () is a 1958 Canadian short documentary film directed by Gian Luigi Polidoro. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
The film depicts the peacekeeping efforts of the United Nations, set against the music of Beethoven's Egmont Overture, performed by the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="20415130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415130" title="Stolen Kosovo">
Stolen Kosovo

Stolen Kosovo (, ) is a Czech language documentary by director Václav Dvořák (b. 1948), about the Serbian–Albanian conflict in Kosovo.
Plot.
The documentary describes the situation in Kosovo, first in a short overview of the history of the area, followed by the 1990s conflicts and bombing of Serbia by NATO forces in 1999 and ending with the situation after the Kosovo War. The documentary focuses on 1990s in the time of Slobodan Milošević's rule as well as on numerous interviews of Serbian civilians and, less, of Albanian insurgents against the Milošević regime.
Broadcasting.
Although the Czech Television (Česká televize) had been one of the sponsors of the documentary, it delayed broadcasting it several times.
Its first broadcasting, scheduled for 17 March 2008, on the 4th anniversary of the ethnic clashes in Kosovo in 2004, was postponed until April, and was eventually broadcast with a follow-up show analyzing the Kosovo conflict from the point of view of the Kosovo Albanians. The creators of the documentary published it on YouTube, where it is still available (as of September 2011). The film isn't listed on IMDb (as of November 2011).
On 17 February 2009, the 1st anniversary since the self-proclaimed independence of Kosovo, Radio Television of Serbia aired "Stolen Kosovo" at 21:00 CET on its RTS1 channel. Before the documentary was aired, an interview with the creator was shown.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20415136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415136" title="Government Olympic Executive">
Government Olympic Executive

The Government Olympic Executive (GOE), a unit within the United Kingdom Department for Culture, Media and Sport, is the lead government body for coordinating the London 2012 Olympics. The GOE reports through the DCMS Permanent Secretary to the Minister for Sports and the Olympics, Hugh Robertson. It focuses on oversight of the Games and the 2012 legacy before and after the Games that will benefit London and the UK.
The GOE is led by Director General Jeremy Beeton. GOE employs at least 77 other staff.

</doc>
<doc id="20415175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415175" title="Montenegro in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Montenegro in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Montenegro participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, sending its third Eurovision entry as an independent nation. It was revealed by the Montenegrin broadcaster, Radio Televizija Crne Gore (RTCG) on 23 January that Andrea Demirović will represent Montenegro at the contest, with the song "Just Get Out of My Life". The song was written by Bernd Meinunger and composed by Ralph Siegel.
Selection.
A new selection method for the Montenegrin representative was used in 2009. An open call for songs was held by RTCG until 20 January. One song was selected internally by RTCG, however the original artist may not have been the Eurovision performer initially, if there has been considered a more suitable artist to perform the song.
Rumours have circulated on who may represent Montenegro at the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest. One of the names that has been rumoured to have been chosen to be the third Montenergin entry is Nina Petković, who has in the past has participated in the Montenegrin national final. The song she was rumoured to have entered with was titled "Srce balkansko". Other entries that were rumoured to have been entered into the internal selection were "Sjenke ljubavi" by Sergej Ćetković, "Kad bi dao Bog" by Ivan Canovic and Merima Njegomir, and "Ljubav je san" by FreeJack. It had also been rumoured that Željko Joksimović would write the Montenegrin entry for 2009, which would have been sung by Milena Vučić. However, Joksimović has said that these rumours are false.
RTCG officially announced on 23 January that they had selected Andrea Demirović to sing for Montenegro at the contest, who will perform "Just Get Out of My Life", sung in English. This was the first time that Montenegro was represented at Eurovision by a female soloist, as well as the first time the Montenegrin song was performed in English. The song was composed by German Eurovision composers Ralph Siegel and Bernd Meinunger, along with José Juan Santana Rodriguez.
Promotion.
Andrea and her team went on an extensive tour around other participating countries to promote the entry. Andrea performed at the Greek national final on 18 February 2009, and she was one of a number of acts to perform at the semi-final of the Serbian national final, "Beovizija 2009" on 7 March. She also performed at the Macedonian national final, "Skopje Fest 2009", on 22 February.
Along with 22 other competing entries Andrea performed at the Eurovision Promo Concert in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, on 18 April. She received media coverage in the Netherlands and in neighbouring Belgium.
At Eurovision.
For the second time in a row, Montenegro opened the first semi-final on 12 May, preceding the entry from the Czech Republic. It failed to qualify for the grand final.

</doc>
<doc id="20415178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415178" title="Trigo Limpio">
Trigo Limpio

Trigo LimpioTrigo Limpio were a Spanish musical trio very popular in Spain in the 1970s and 1980s. It was formed by Amaya Saizar, Iñaki de Pablo and Luis Carlos Gil. 
The band represented TVE in the OTI Festival and the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, participating in the last one with the entry "Quédate esta noche", but replacing Amaia Saizar with Patricia Fernández.

</doc>
<doc id="20415196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415196" title="HMS Sansovino (F162)">
HMS Sansovino (F162)

'"HMS "Sansovino was an infantry landing ship in service with the Royal Navy during the late stages of the Second World War.
She was built in 1943 by Consolidated Steel Corporation, Wilmington, California as the Cape Compass for the United States Maritime Commission (USMC). She was transferred to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) on completion and renamed Empire Cutlass""'. In January 1945, she was requisitioned by the Royal Navy as HMS "Sansovino", serving until June when she was returned to the MoWT, regaining her former name "Empire Cutlass". In 1947, she was returned to the USMC. A proposed sale in 1948 to China fell through due to the outbreak of the Chinese Civil War and the ship was laid up in the James River, Virginia. In 1960, she was sold to Taiwan and renamed Hai Ou, serving until 1970 when she was scrapped at Kaohsiung.
Description.
The ship was built in 1943 by Consolidated Steel Corporation, Wilmington, California. She was long overall, between perpendiculars, with a beam of . She was assessed as 7177 GRT, 11,650 DWT.
The ship was powered by a geared steam turbine of 4,400 shp. This was supplied by two boilers and drove a single screw propeller. It could propel the ship at .
History.
World War II.
The ship was laid down at "Cape Compass", but completed as "Empire Cutlass". A Type C1-S-AY-1 ship, she was completed in November 1943. She was transferred to the MoWT under the terms of lend lease shortly after being completed, and renamed "Empire Cutlass". Her port of registry was London. The United Kingdom Official Number 169740 and Code Letters MYMG were allocated. Furness, Withy & Co.
"Empire Cutlass" departed from Los Angeles, California on her maiden voyage on 21 November 1943, sailing to Balboa, arriving on 1 December. She then sailed to Cristóbal, Panama, where she joined Convoy ZG 52, which arrived at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba on 14 December. She then joined Convoy GN 102, which departed from Guantanamo Bay the next day and arrived at New York on 22 December. On 9 January 1944, "Empire Cutlass" departed from New York as a member of Convoy CU 11, which arrived at Liverpool, Lancashire, United Kingdom on 20 January. She left the convoy at the Clyde, arriving that day. On 30 January, she departed form the Clyde for Loch Ewe, where she joined Convoy WN 539, which arrived at Methil, Fife on 2 February. She left the convoy at Invergordon, Ross-shire on 1 February.
She was converted to a LSI (L), carrying sixteen Landing Craft Assault (LCA) for the D-Day landings on 6 June 1944. On D-Day she carried the South Lancashire Regiment for Sword Beach. She carried 16 x LCA, 2 x LCVP, 1 x LCSM or 1 x LCM. She could carry 1,458 troops in addition to her complement of 250 officers and men. Armament consisted 1 x 4 in gun, 1 x 12 pdr gun, 12 x 20mm guns.
During the Normandy Landings, she had near misses from two torpedoes and suffered heavy shelling from Le Havre. "Empire Cutlass" lost eight of her sixteen LCAs. On 13 June, "Empire Cutlass" transported members of the 712th Railway Operating Battalion, Transportation Corps, United States Army to France. Although the ship arrived the next day, it was not until 16 June that the troops were able to disembark, due to the weather.
Later in June while in the Solent, a V-1 flying bomb brought down by her barrage balloon exploded on her starboard side. She continued to ferry troops from England to France after repairs.
On 21 November she was damaged by an oyster mine off the Digne Light, Le Havre, France, but no casualties were reported. She was sent for repairs in Falmouth.
In 1945 she was requisitioned by the Admiralty and commissioned as HMS "Sansovino", under which name she served out the remainder of the war. "Sansovino" participated in Operation Zipper in September 1945.
Post-war.
On 18 January 1946 she was in the Pacific when the "Highland Brigade", carrying two thousand Indian troops, struck a mine off Singapore. The "Sansovino", which was carrying troops of the 2nd Battalion West Yorkshire Regiment from Soerabaja, came to the aid of the stricken "Highland Brigade", and took 110 Indian troops off with her landing craft. The "Highland Brigade" was subsequently towed into Singapore. She was returned to the Ministry of War Transport in June 1946, which returned her to Furness, Withy & Co under her original name of "Empire Cutlass". She was returned to the US Navy in 1947 and operated by the United States Maritime Commission.
In 1947, she was returned to the USMC. On 8 October 1947, she was allocated to the Reserve Fleet and laid up in the James River, Virginia. In 1948, an attempt was made by China to purchase the ship, and she was renamed "Hai Ou" in preparation. Although "Empire Cutlass" was withdrawn from the Reserve Fleet on 29 April 1948 and delivered to Norfolk, Virginia, the sale fell through due to the outbreak of the Chinese Civil War. The ship was arrested as it had not been paid for. It was held by Dichman, Wright & Pugh awaiting disposal. "Empire Cutlass" re-entered the Reserve Fleet on 28 August 1950. On 21 December 1951, a recommendation was made that the ship be scrapped. She was reported to be slightly damaged, with repairs estimated at $35,000 and conversion costs estimated at $395,000. She remained in the Reserve Fleet on the James River.
In 1960, she was sold to Taiwan, and was withdrawn from the Reserve Fleet on 27 July. "Empire Cutlass" was renamed "Hai Ou", and entered service with the China Merchants Steam Navigation Co., of Taiwan. On 8 March 1962, "Hai Ou" collided with the Japanese steamship at Kobe. She sailed with them until 1970, when she was sold for breaking up, being scrapped at Kaohsiung, Taiwan by 15 October 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20415274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415274" title="Wyoming Highway 387">
Wyoming Highway 387

Wyoming Highway 387 is a state road that travels from extreme northeast Natrona County, Wyoming through extreme southeast Johnson County, Wyoming and into southwest Campbell County, Wyoming.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 387 begins its west end at I-25/US 87 (Exit 227). The Highway heads until it reaches the Town of Midwest where it meets the northern terminus of Wyoming Highway 259 (Old US 87). WYO 387 continues east entering the Town of Edgerton just shortly after leaving Midwest. At WYO 387 intersects the eastern terminus of Wyoming Highway 192 (Sussex Rd). At approximately , WYO 387 intersects the southern terminus of Wyoming Highway 50 at Pine Tree Junction. From there Highway 387 heads in a more northeasterly direction towards its east end. At , Wyoming Highway 387 ends at Wyoming Highway 59 in Wright.
History.
In 1936, Wyoming Highway 387 was commissioned to replace US 185 between Douglas and Gillette. U.S. Route 185 was commissioned in 1926 to run from Cheyenne, Wyoming to Orin. It was proposed that US 185 continue north to Gillette, via US 20 between Orin and Douglas, and via Wyoming Highway 59 between Douglas and Gillette. But the road now carrying WYO 59 did not exist. So when Highway 59 was constructed in the late 1920s and early 1930s, it carried the designation "US 185". After the Great Recommissioning of 1936, "Wyoming 185" was renumbered to "Wyoming 387", since the route directly connected to the new U.S. 87, not U.S. 85. In 1945, the 387 designation was changed to WYO 59.
Wyoming Highway 387 was recommissioned in the late 1940s to run from US 87 in Midwest to Wyoming Highway 59 in Wright. Wyoming Highway 387 maintained this route until the 1980s, when I-25 was completed. At that time, Wyoming 387 was extended west along old US 87 to meet the new I-25. Old US 87 south of Midwest became Wyoming 259.

</doc>
<doc id="20415287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415287" title="2008 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit (El Salvador)">
2008 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit (El Salvador)

The 2008 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit at El Salvador was held April 23–28, 2008 in San Salvador, El Salvador. It was the third leg of the NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20415292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415292" title="Evergreen (Owensville, Maryland)">
Evergreen (Owensville, Maryland)

Evergreen is a historic home at Owensville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story white frame house composed of several sections, the earliest of which was built about 1760, and constructed by George Neall in the Federal style. The house reflects building evolution from the third quarter of the 18th century to the late 19th century.
Evergreen was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20415326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415326" title="From Generation to Generation">
From Generation to Generation

From Generation to Generation is a 1959 American short documentary film produced by Edward F. Cullen. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20415346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415346" title="James Leuluai">
James Leuluai

A'au James Leuluai is a New Zealand former international rugby league player. His favoured position was centre. He is the father of Wigan Warriors and New Zealand international Thomas Leuluai. He is also the uncle of Leeds Rhinos prop Kylie Leuluai.
Playing career.
A Mt Wellington junior, in his career Leuluai played for the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Wakefield Trinity,Hull, Leigh, Ryedale York and Doncaster. Leuluai also represented the New Zealand Kiwis and New Zealand Māori. Between 1979 and 1986 he played in 29 test matches for his country.
His Hull FC debut, alongside fellow debutant Dane O'Hara and Gary Kemble (who had already appeared) came on 27/9/81 v Castleford. Achievements over the next year included helping Hull to win the John Player Trophy, also being Premiership runners and of course to lift the Challenge Cup in the 1982 replay at Elland Road final, the first time the Challenge Cup had been back at the Boulevard since 1914, defeating Widnes 18-9 after a thrilling 14-14 draw at Wembley. Nicknamed "Lullaby", as he so often fell asleep off the field he was anything but sleepy on it, scoring many remarkable tries including what the Yorkshire Post described as "one of the greatest solo tries of all time" in the 1983 Challenge Cup semi final victory over Castleford, passing 4 Castleford players and racing around half of the length of the field without a hand ever touching him until he had crossed the line.
He is of course also well known for scoring 2 tries for Hull in what many still regard as the best Wembley Final ever, the 1984–85 Challenge Cup final against Wigan Warriors which, after a thrilling fight back from 28 -12 down at Half time Hull narrowly lost 28-24
In 1986/7, after failing to agree a new contract with Hull he was transfer listed at £50,000. "Jimmy" subsequently played 6 games on loan to Leigh before returning to the Boulevard for 3 more games and a further 27 in 1987 / 88. In October 1988 he then signed for Wakefield, playing 51 times over 2 seasons and scoring 12 tries. In 1990/91 he moved to Ryedale York, playing 7 matches and scoring 2 tries before ending his UK career at Doncaster the same year with 13 games and 1 try. His final match on UK soil was a Doncaster home game to Leigh on 14/4/91, played in front of just 1,557, a rather sad end to a great Rugby League career 
Such was their subsequent commitment to the British game that Leuluai and his Hull counterparts Gary Kemble & Dane O'Hara (Fred Ah Kuoi had served 4 years with the Club at this point and so would not be eligible until the following year) saw the Government & Rugby Football League change rules and by laws regarding overseas players in 1986 to take those who had shown such commitment outside of the overseas player quotas.
After he had finished his English career, Leuluai returned to New Zealand and started playing for Wellington. He helped them defeat Auckland for the first time in 75 years. It was during this time in Wellington that Leuluai began his coaching career.
Coaching career.
Leuluai was the coach of the Wellington City Dukes in the 1994 Lion Red Cup.
During the early seasons of the Bartercard Cup, Leuluai was the coach of the Eastern Tornadoes. He later took on the role of the Junior Kiwis in 2002.
Between 2003 and 2005 Leuluai was one of Daniel Andersons two assistant coaches with the New Zealand Kiwis.
After a career of coaching New Zealand representative sides, Leuluai applied for the head coaching job of the New Zealand Kiwis in 2005 and was heavily favoured to be appointed until he withdrew due to personal reasons. Brian McClennan was appointed coach instead.
In July 2007 Leuluai again applied to coach the New Zealand Kiwis but ultimately Gary Kemble was appointed coach. Leuluai served as assistant under Kemble.
In 2011 Leuluai co-coached the Mangere East Hawks in the Auckland Rugby League competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20415349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415349" title="Robert J. Swieringa">
Robert J. Swieringa

Robert Jay Swieringa (born 1942) was the ninth Dean of the S.C. Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University. He was succeeded by L. Joseph Thomas.
Swieringa earned his BA from Augustana College in 1964. He then attended the University of Denver and earned his MBA in 1965. He concluded his studies with a PhD in Accountancy from the University of Illinois College of Business in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20415351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415351" title="Maldon West railway station">
Maldon West railway station

Maldon West railway station was a station in Maldon, Essex. It closed to passengers in 1939 but the line to Maldon East was used for freight trains until 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="20415354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415354" title="FDA Consumer">
FDA Consumer

FDA Consumer was a magazine published from 1967 through 2007 by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). From 1967 to 1972 it was known as "FDA Papers" before changing title to "FDA Consumer" with volume 6 no. 6 (July/August 1972).
The journal's stated focus was to provide "in-depth information on how to get healthy and stay healthy". Copies were distributed to depository libraries which selected to receive it. The FDA publication was available as an annual subscription for $14.00 domestic and $19.60 international. "FDA Consumer" ceased publication with volume 41 no. 2 (March-April 2007), though existing articles continue to be updated.
The "FDA Consumer" was provided online for volumes published between 1989 and 2007. The publication archive remains available through the U.S. Government Printing Office. 
Consumer information from the FDA has migrated to the "For Consumers" section of its website.

</doc>
<doc id="20415376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415376" title="Furtherfield">
Furtherfield

Furtherfield.org is an artist-led online community and arts organization. It creates and supports global participatory projects with networks of artists, theorists and activists and offers "a chance for the public to present its own views and enter or alter various art discourses".
Furtherfield describes itself as "the collaborative work of artists, programmers, writers, activists, musicians and thinkers who explore beyond traditional remits; dedicated to the creation, promotion, and criticism of adventurous digital/networked media art work for public viewing, experience and interaction. Developing imaginative strategies in a range of digital and terrestrial media contexts, Furtherfield develops global, contributory projects that facilitate art activity simultaneously on the Internet, the streets and public venues."
History and Background.
Furtherfield was founded in Harringay London in 1996 by artist-theorists Ruth Catlow and Marc Garrett. Inspired by the cultural value of collaboration as opposed to the traditional myth of individual artistic genius, Furtherfield has focused on the development of "artware" - software platforms for creating art – that engages its users in collaborative creative endeavours.
In 2004, Furtherfield opened HTTP, a physical gallery space for networked media art in North London, and since that time it has received funding from the Arts Council of England to support its activities. As well as its own projects, Furtherfield has contributed to other initiatives such as Node.London, hosting exhibitions and events, and contributing to the resulting book, "Media Mutandis: a NODE.London Reader"; and the travelling exhibition Game/Play (2006–07), co-curated with Q Arts, Derby. In 2007, Furtherfield was ranked in Dazed & Confused's Digital Top 50.
Projects.
Furtherfield’s activities include artist presentations, residencies, reviews, theoretical texts, the Furtherfield blog, touring exhibitions, online exhibitions and events. All of these activities address the group’s interest in collaborative, networked art, open source, media art ecologies and provocative media-art projects.
Specific satellite projects that Furtherfield has developed include: 
People.
Approximately 600 people are regular contributors and collaborators in Furtherfield activities, with an estimated global readership of 26,000. The organisation is run by a core group of six “current grafters” comprising founders Catlow and Garrett (Co-Directors), Neil Jenkins (Technical Director of Projects), Giles Pender (Technical, Network and Logistics’ guru), Michael Szpakowski (Outreach and Education), Ale Scapin (Coordinator and Programme Manager), Olga Panades Massanet (Co-editor and Workshop Facilitator) and Lauren Wright (Co-producer and Coordinator). A “neighbourhood crew” and “now-sleeping Furtherfielders” are also listed on the organisation’s web site.

</doc>
<doc id="20415382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415382" title="Vanya-class minesweeper">
Vanya-class minesweeper

The Vanya class were a group of minesweepers built for the Soviet Navy between 1960 and 1973. The Soviet Designation was Project 257.
Design.
The ships were designed as coastal mine hunters. The hulls were built out of wood for significantly reduced magnetic signature. Measures were also taken to reduce electrical and acoustic signature. The propellers were fitted without bubble shields. A more advanced version the Project 257DM was introduced in the mid-1960s. The Project 699 was a version with more powerful diesel engines for towing heavier sweeps.
Ships.
A total of 47 units were built by shipyards in Kolpino and Vladivostok (3 Project 699).
Exports.
All ships were retired by the mid-1990s

</doc>
<doc id="20415389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415389" title="Ontogenetic parade">
Ontogenetic parade

In developmental psychology, the ontogenetic parade is the term introduced by Isaac Marks for the predictable pattern of the development of normal childhood fears: emergence, plateau, and decline.

</doc>
<doc id="20415407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415407" title="Grassland (Annapolis Junction, Maryland)">
Grassland (Annapolis Junction, Maryland)

Grassland is a historic home at Annapolis Junction, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It was built in 1853, and is a three-part brick structure constructed in a telescoping manner. Other structures on the property are the one-story frame slave house with brick-nogged walls, a small stone smokehouse, the remains of a summer kitchen, and a frame harness shed, storage shed, and the ruins of a bank barn. The outbuildings are known to have been erected between 1852 and 1854 by the plantation slaves.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20415433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415433" title="Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

The Republic of Macedonia, present in the contest as the "former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia" ("FYR Macedonia"), participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. It was represented by the song "Nešto što kje ostane" by the group Next Time. It earned tenth place in the first semi-final, failing to proceed to the final round.
Possible withdrawal.
A possible withdrawal of Macedonia from the 2009 contest was rumoured, due to financial difficulties within MKRTV which could have ended in bankruptcy or liquidation of the company. As such, there would have been no Macedonian broadcaster within the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), the contest’s organisers, and so a withdrawal of Macedonia from the contest would have been inevitable.
Despite this, MKRTV confirmed Macedonia’s participation at the 2009 contest in Moscow, Russia.
Skopje Fest 2009.
MKRTV officially revealed that they were looking for a new selection method for the country for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. Weekly debate programs were held by MKRTV on television, which were used as a platform for discussion between MKRTV and the Macedonian public on how the selection process for the Macedonian entry can be fair and successful.
In November 2008, MKRTV revealed the new format of the Macedonian national final, Skopje Fest. Skopje Fest 2009 will consist of two semi-finals, each containing 16 songs, held on 19 and 20 February. The top 8 songs through a mixture of jury and televoting will progress to the final on 21 February, where the winner will be selected again by jury and televoting. Songs could be entered to MKRTV from 26 November to 25 December.
142 songs were received by MKRTV, and a jury selected the 32 songs that would compete in the semi-finals on 5 January 2009. The 32 semi-final songs and composers were revealed on 6 January, with 20 of the 32 performers being revealed on 15 January.
Some former participants are once again attempting to represent the nation at Eurovision. Kaliopi was selected as the Macedonian representative in 1996, but was eliminated in the preliminary round. She also competed in the 1998 and 2006 selections as a singer. Andrijana Janevska participated in Skopjefest 1998, 2000, 2002, and 2007; her greatest success being in 2002 where she was the runner-up. Risto Samardjiev participated in 1998, 2000, 2002, and 2008; never ending below fifth place. Other past participant are Ana Simonovska in 2002, Verce Pandilovska in 2000, Filip Jordanovski in 2006, and Vlatko Ilievski in 2008. Proekt Makedonija consists of Tuna who pariticpated in 2008, and Nikola Perevski and Vladimir Krstevski who wrote the 2002 Macedonian entry performed by Karolina Goceva. 
Eurovision 2009.
The song competed in the first semi-final but failed to qualify for the final, finishing 10th.
Commentator and spokesperson.
The commentators for MKTV were Karolina Petkovska and Aleksandra Jovanovska.
The spokesperson for MKTV,i.e. the results of the Macedonian televote in combination with the jury were given by Frosina Josifovska.
http://www.vest.com.mk/?ItemID=077AE751AC6C3844A53CAD619CA958EF

</doc>
<doc id="20415439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415439" title="Melissa Lee (journalist)">
Melissa Lee (journalist)

Melissa Lee (born November 4, 1974 in Great Neck, New York) is a Chinese American reporter and news anchor for CNBC. Since January 2009 she has occasionally hosted "Closing Bell" when Maria Bartiromo is unavailable. She has also hosted "Options Action", and is now the host of CNBC's 5pm ET daily show "Fast Money" and "".
Lee took over as host of CNBC's 5pm ET daily show, "Fast Money" when Dylan Ratigan left CNBC for companion network MSNBC on March 27, 2009. She was the interim host after Ratigan's departure, until April of the same year when she was appointed permanent host. Lee has received two Emmy Award nominations for Business News.
To date, Melissa has hosted 5 CNBC documentaries:
Melissa Lee currently hosts 3 CNBC programs: "Fast Money", "Options Action" and "Money in Motion: Currency Trading".
Early life and education.
Lee's grandfather immigrated from rural China to Buffalo, New York in the United States, along with his wife and children. Lee's father graduated from Columbia University and then moved to Great Neck, New York. Lee grew up idolizing New York news anchor Kaity Tong, who inspired Lee to become a reporter. Lee started her professional journalism career as a reporter for her hometown newspaper, the Great Neck Record. She graduated with honors from Harvard College with a Bachelor of Arts in Government in 1995. She also served as Assistant Managing Editor of the Harvard Crimson.
Prior to joining CNBC in 2004, Lee worked for Bloomberg Television and CNN Financial News. Before her career in television, Lee was a consultant at Mercer Management Consulting. Her cases focused on the banking and credit card sectors.

</doc>
<doc id="20415441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415441" title="Thomas Blackwell">
Thomas Blackwell

Thomas Blackwell or Tom Blackwell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20415446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415446" title="Fades Em All">
Fades Em All

Fades Em All was the first single released from Jamal's debut album, Last Chance, No Breaks. The original version of the song was produced by Redman and Rockwilder, while the popular remix was produced by Pete Rock. The single found decent success, having peaked at #9 on the Hot Rap Singles, #59 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks and #40 on the Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales.

</doc>
<doc id="20415457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415457" title="Learners (disambiguation)">
Learners (disambiguation)

Learners may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20415471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415471" title="Maldon East and Heybridge railway station">
Maldon East and Heybridge railway station

Maldon East and Heybridge railway station was located in Maldon, Essex, England. It closed was a terminus station located at the end of two branch lines from Witham and Woodham Ferrers. A plan dated 1920 showed that the station had a goods shed and a 2-road engine shed. A turntable was situated adjacent to the station building and there were sidings that served the Blackwater Canal and the river wharf.
Both branch lines had closed by the mid-1960s.
Description.
The station building at Maldon is an impressive example of Victorian railway architecture. The reason behind this is during the 1847 election the potential MP (David Waddington a vice-chair of the Eastern Counties Railway) was looking to woo his constituents. A lot of local people found employment on the construction of the railway and it was reported in an investigation into the election afterwards that some of these were not actually fit to do the work they were paid for. 
The station building was built in the Jacobean style, with a large booking hall, waiting rooms and ticket office on the ground floor. The upper floor contained the station master’s apartments which were reached by a winding staircase from the booking hall. Originally the single platform was partly covered by a glass roof but this was removed after an explosion of an engine boiler caused significant damage.
A second bay platform was added in 1889.
History.
The branch from Witham was part of a scheme to link Braintree (“the granary of Essex”) with its traditional port at Maldon. The scheme started in 1845 as a direct link from Braintree rather than the two branches that were actually built. It soon ran into financial trouble and was taken over by the Eastern Counties Railway keen to ensure there was no competition for its own interests. And this was before work actually started
Construction started in March 1847 and the first goods trains ran in August 1848 followed by the opening to passenger trains on 2 October of the same year.
In 1862 the Eastern Counties Railway was taken over by the Great Eastern Railway (GER).
The station was originally named Maldon, but after the opening of the Maldon West line on 1 October 1889, the station was re-named to Maldon East. The 50 foot diameter turntable (manufactured by Ransomes & Rapier of Ipswich was installed at this time and a second platform was added to the west of the station building at this time.
In 1907 the station was further renamed to Maldon East and Heybridge as its actual position is half way between the two villages.
At the beginning of 1923 operation of the station was taken over by the London & North Eastern Railway.
In 1939 traffic was withdrawn from the Woodham Ferrers line as a wartime economy measure. The branch saw heavy usage in World War 2 with additional freight traffic.
Following nationalisation of the railways in 1948 the station became part of British Railways Eastern Region.
In 1953 the Woodham Ferrers branch was closed - it had been operating one goods service per weekday for many years. However between 31 January 1957 and 31 January 1959 the line did re-open for freight as far as Maldon West with trains reversing at Maldon East and Heybridge station.
In 1958 Railbuses started operating the line to Witham with an improved schedule and in 1959 more frequent services were introduced. It was however too late as the rise of road transport and cheaper competing bus services saw the Witham branch carrying just 400 passengers per day. It is thought by 1959 the engine shed had closed (precise date unknown ) as no steam locomotives were using the branch.
The line was slated for closure in the Beeching Report and despite the efforts of local campaigners the last passenger train ran on 6 September 1964. Freight lingered on with gravel and fruit traffic until 15 April 1966.
Locomotives.
Ex Norfolk Railway 2-4-0 locomotives worked early trains on the branch.
From GER days until 1958 the passenger service was generally in the hands of a GER Class M15 (LNE class F4 2-4-2T engine hauling two GER corridor coaches (three in summer). Occasionally GER Class Y14 (LNE class J15) 0-6-0 locomotives worked passenger services as did a T26 (LNE Class E4 2-4-0) for one summer.
Other GER tank engines occasionally worked passenger services and 0-6-0T engines from the R24 (LNE class J67) and C72 (LNE class J68) classes worked goods traffic until succumbing to dieselisation.
From 1958 the station was operated by the first generation of BR Railbuses numbers E79960-E79964 which were based at Cambridge and which also worked a number of lightly used East Anglian branch lines. The Class 15 locomotives took over freight workings as weight restrictions on the timber bridges on the branch meant nothing heavier could work as far as Maldon. A member of this class operated the last goods train in April 1966.
Maldon engine shed.
This was a substantial two track building. Until the Maldon West branch opened in 1889 there was no turntable located at Maldon so any tender engines working the branch would have had to have worked one direction tender first. In organisational terms Maldon was a sub-shed of Colchester and any locomotives needing heavy repair were sent there.
In GER days the shed had two drivers, two acting drivers, four firemen and a boiler washer (who probably did most of the odd jobs around the shed as well).
The shed closed sometime after dieselisation c 1959.
Goods Traffic.
The sidings to the River Blackwater and Blackwater Canal provided additional traffic. As well as agricultural produce there was significant coal traffic in the early years of the railway.
Train Services.
In 1847 there were 5 trains each way to Witham.
Between 1874 and 1883 there were nine services per day to Witham, but ten years later this had reduced to seven. Bradshaw’s Timetable Guide for 1910 shows seven trains per day with two additional services on a Wednesday (market day?). By 1939 there were nine services per day but it was not until 1958 and the introduction of Diesel Multiple Units that the branch enjoyed a service of 17 trains per day.
On opening the Woodham Ferrers branch was served by five trains per day and this struggled for traffic throughout its life. By 1914 there were six trains per day although this reduced during the First World War. In 1939 traffic was withdrawn from the Woodham Ferrers line as a wartime economy measure and never re-started.
Since Closure.
The station building has survived and was for many years a restaurant. As of August 2013 it is largely surrounded by an industrial estate although its impressive frontage can still be viewed from Station Road.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20415495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415495" title="UEI College">
UEI College

UEI College is a United States career education for-profit school that specializes in automobile, business, computer, dental, medical, and pharmacy professions. The school was founded in 1975 as United Education Institute, and changed its name to UEI College in 2009. It has locations in Central California and Southern California, Florida and Georgia.
Accreditation.
UEI is accredited through the Accrediting Council for Continuing Education and Training (ACCET). The Gardena, California location is accredited by the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges (ACCSC), which is a national accrediting organization in the United States that provides accreditation to non-university postsecondary colleges.
Tuition.
Information about the school including costs is at http://www.uei.edu/student-consumer-info.

</doc>
<doc id="20415503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415503" title="Maastricht railway station">
Maastricht railway station

Maastricht is a railway station located in Maastricht, Netherlands. It is the main railway station in Limburgs capital. It is the final destination of the Alkmaar - Maastricht intercity service. Additionally, NS, Veolia and the Belgian NMBS serve the station with local trains.
History.
The station was opened on 23 October 1853, when the international Maastricht-Aachen railway was opened. In 1856, a railway connection with Hasselt was opened. Both lines are now closed. In 1861, the Liège-Maastricht railway connection was opened. It was not before the opening of the Maastricht–Venlo railway, in 1865, that domestic destinations outside of the region could be reached from Maastricht.
Due to the fortified character of the town, the first railway station was in fact situated outside of Maastricht, on grounds of the municipality of Meerssen. The first station was built out of wood, so that in case of enemy attack, the station could quickly be demolished. It was not before 1907 that the municipality borders were adjusted and the station became part of the municipality of Maastricht. The current, brick building was built in 1913, designed by George Willem van Heukelom. Inside the station was room for border customs, as international trains arrived in Maastricht. Still, once per hour a train from Belgium arrives in Maastricht, but as Belgium and The Netherlands are both in the Schengen zone, there are no passport and security checks present in Maastricht any longer. The space is now used for small shops, such as a flower boutique, Albert Heijn, HEMA and some snack stores.
Future.
There are plans for reopening the railway connection to Hasselt, as a tramway connection. Twice an hour, a tram should run from Maastricht station through the center to the nearby town of Lanaken, and further as a light rail train to Bilzen and Hasselt. According to plan, the first passengers should be able to travel by tram in 2018.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Maastricht:

</doc>
<doc id="20415508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415508" title="Andre-Michel Schub">
Andre-Michel Schub

Andre-Michel Schub (born 26 December 1952, Paris) is a classical pianist.
Biography.
Schub came to New York City with his family, when he was eight months old. He began his piano studies with his mother when he was four, and later continued his work with Jascha Zayde. He attended Princeton University, and then transferred to the Curtis Institute of Music, where he studied with Rudolf Serkin, from 1970 to 1973. He judged the 1997 Hilton Head Competition. 
He has taught at the Manhattan School of Music, since 2006.
Prizes.
In 1974 Schub took first prize at the Naumburg Competition. In 1977 he received the Avery Fisher Prize. In 1981 he won the Gold medal at the Van Cliburn International Competition 
Concert career.
His New York debut at Alice Tully Hall on May 13, 1974, was reviewed by the New York Times as an "impressive debut". In 1979, he became the pianist for the New York Chamber Music Society. 
Schub appears frequently as guest artist with Mostly Mozart, Tanglewood, Ravinia, and Blossom festivals. He has performed with major orchestras, including the Boston, Chicago, Cincinnati, Dallas, Detroit, St. Louis and Cleveland and Philadelphia symphony orchestras and the Los Angeles and New York philharmonics and the Royal Concertgebouw. He is an artist of The Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center. Since 1997, he has been music director of the Virginia Arts Festival Chamber Music Series.
On Independence Day 1986, in the PBS-televised program "A Capitol Fourth, 1986," he performed Piano Concerto No. 1 (Tchaikovsky) with the National Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Mstislav Rostropovich.
He has performed on "Saint Paul Sunday", and "Performance Today".
Most recently, on May 19, 2006, he gave the world premier performance of Bright Sheng's "Three Fantasies for Violin and Piano," commissioned by the McKim Fund in the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="20415509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415509" title="2010 Qatar Open">
2010 Qatar Open

The 2010 Qatar Open, known as the 2010 Qatar ExxonMobil Open for sponsorship reasons, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 18th edition of the Qatar ExxonMobil Open, and part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2010 ATP World Tour. It took place at the Khalifa International Tennis Complex in Doha, Qatar, from January 4 through January 9, 2010. Nikolay Davydenko won the singles title.
Entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="20415515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415515" title="2009 Qatar Open – Doubles">
2009 Qatar Open – Doubles

Philipp Kohlschreiber and David Škoch were the defending champions, but Škoch chose not to participate, and only Kohlschreiber competed that year.
Kohlschreiber partnered with Christopher Kas, but lost in the quarterfinals to Marc López and Rafael Nadal.
Marc López and Rafael Nadal won in the final 4–6, 6–4, [10–8], against Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić.
Seeds.
<ol start="3">
<li> Mariusz Fyrstenberg / Marcin Matkowski "(First Round)
<li> Christopher Kas / Philipp Kohlschreiber "(Quarterfinals)

</doc>
<doc id="20415517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415517" title="2009 Qatar Open – Singles">
2009 Qatar Open – Singles

Andy Murray was the defending champion, and won in the final 6–4, 6–2 against Andy Roddick.

</doc>
<doc id="20415557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415557" title="My Destiny (Yomo album)">
My Destiny (Yomo album)

My Destiny is the debut studio album by reggaeton singer Yomo, released on November 25, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20415603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415603" title="Sidney Beckerman (musician)">
Sidney Beckerman (musician)

Sidney "Sid" Beckerman (1919–2007) was an influential klezmer clarinet player. He learned the style from his father Shloimke, who was himself a well known klezmer soloist.
Sidney played Jewish weddings and celebrations in New York City and the Catskills throughout the 1930s. After World War II ended, he returned to New York and started working for the US Postal Service. 
Upon his retirement in 1982, he was convinced by fellow klezmer musician Pete Sokolow to join the band Klezmer Plus!. A recording of this band in 1989 (with Howie Leess) was named an Outstanding Folk Recording by the Library of Congress 
Sidney was also a founding member of the klezmer music camp Klezkamp. 
He was inducted into the "People's Hall of Fame" in February 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20415611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415611" title="1997 Great American Insurance ATP Championships – Singles">
1997 Great American Insurance ATP Championships – Singles

Andre Agassi was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Pete Sampras won the title, defeating Thomas Muster 6–3, 6–4 in the final.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20415619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415619" title="Parade (Minori Chihara album)">
Parade (Minori Chihara album)

Parade is Minori Chihara's third solo album. The album contains all three CD singles released in the same year: "Melty tale storage", "Ameagari no Hana yo Sake", and a modified version of "Paradise Lost". Its release promotion featured a "Dream Limited Edition" including an alternate album cover and a photo picturebook. Bonus items such as B2 posters and polaroid prints were also included upon purchase of the album at specific chain stores included in the promotion. "Parade" placed 16th on the Oricon charts after its debut.

</doc>
<doc id="20415728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415728" title="2009 Qatar Open">
2009 Qatar Open

The 2009 Qatar Open, known as the 2009 Qatar ExxonMobil Open for sponsorship reasons, was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 17th edition of the Qatar ExxonMobil Open, and part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2009 ATP World Tour. It took place at the Khalifa International Tennis Complex in Doha, Qatar, from January 5 through January 10, 2009. The event offered prize money of US$183,000 for the winner, as well as 250 ranking points.
The singles field was headlined by World No. 1 Rafael Nadal, World No. 2 Roger Federer, World No. 3 Andy Murray, and World No. 8 Andy Roddick.
Review.
"Day by day summaries of the men's singles and doubles events. The singles draw is composed of 32 players, with 8 of these players seeded, while the doubles draw features 16 players, 4 of which are seeded."
Day One.
Fifth seed Frenchman Gaël Monfils was the first player to reach the second round in the singles event with a straightforward 6–2, 6–2 victory over 99th ranked Czech player Jan Hernych. His next opponent will be fellow countryman Nicolas Devilder who overcame home wildcard Abdulla Haji 6–0, 6–3 The no. 4 seed, Andy Roddick had a comfortable 6–1, 6–3 win against Iván Navarro. In other first round matches completed on day one, Victor Hănescu won his match against Viktor Troicki, the Romanian overcoming the Serbian currently ranked eight places below him in the world rankings at #56 and Italian Andreas Seppi overcame the German Denis Gremelmayr by the same scoreline. The match between Sergiy Stakhovsky (who had just entered the top 100 at #93) and Christophe Rochus became the first in the tournament to last three sets, Stakhovsky coming out on top 2–6, 6–3, 7–6. Philipp Petzschner won his opening match against Frenchman Jérémy Chardy 7–6, 6–3.
Several of the first round doubles matches were also completed. Spanish wildcards and new partnership Marc López and world no. 1 singles player Rafael Nadal overcame compatriots Óscar Hernández and Albert Montañés 6–3, 6–3 in just over 1 hour. They set up a quarter-final match with fourth-seeded Germans Christopher Kas and Philipp Kohlschreiber who had beaten British pair Ross Hutchins and Andy Murray (who was also due to play Montañés in the singles tournament) 7–5, 6–4. Home-favourite Abdulla Haji, partnering Lamine Ouahab of Algeria, lost for the second time in the day, 6–0, 6–2 against Fabrice Santoro and Mikhail Youzhny. Second seeded South African duo Jeff Coetzee and Wesley Moodie took three sets to beat Igor Andreev and Jaroslav Levinský 4–6, 6–2, 10-1 on the Champions tiebreak. In the final match of the day, Dmitry Tursunov and Łukasz Kubot overcame the challenge of Serbian Michal Mertiňák and Italian Potito Starace 6–2, 6–2.
Day Two.
Defending champion and no. 3 seed Andy Murray, fresh from his win in the Abu Dhabi exhibition event, made a successful start to his title defence, defeating Spaniard and ATP no. 42 Albert Montañés 6–2, 6–4. Murray broke twice for a 5–1 lead and went 4–0 up in the second set with two further breaks and, despite an inconsistent performance, he managed to win the match. He next faces a match against Philipp Petzschner. Wildcard Arnaud Clément of Spain advanced to a second round match against Andy Roddick after overcoming Argentine player Diego Junqueira 6–1, 6–2. In the clash of the Russians, Mikhail Youzhny edged out 6th seed Igor Andreev 4–6, 6–3, 6–4, with a match against Victor Hănescu to come in round two. Qualifier Alexander Peya, ranked at #148, scored a surprise victory over no. 7 seed, Russian Dmitry Tursunov 2–6, 6–3, 6–4. He set up a clash with Sergiy Stakhovsky in the second round. Second seed and former world no. 1 Roger Federer made a strong start to his ATP Tour campaign, beating Potito Starace in straight sets 6–2, 6–2 and lining up a meeting with Andreas Seppi for a place in the quarter-finals. Top seeded Spaniard Rafael Nadal also had a comfortable passage into round two, dropping only 1 game in a 6–0, 6–1 thrashing of veteran Fabrice Santoro, who was still ranked at #51 but couldn't match Nadal's power. Nadal received his 2008 ATP World Tour Champion Trophy before the match, awarded to him for finishing on top of the world rankings at the end of 2008. In other matches, Belgian Kristof Vliegen reached the second round and a meeting with German Philipp Kohlschreiber with a 6–1, 6–7, 7–6 against Óscar Hernández. No. 8 seed Kohlschreiber had earlier won his match against Swiss qualifier Marco Chiudinelli 6–4, 6–3.
The doubles event continued on day two, with an early result seeing Victor Hănescu, partnered by American James Cerretani, beat Victor Troicki for the second time in two days. Troicki who had also been beaten by Hănescu in the singles event, lost 6–4, 6–4, accompanied by Andreas Seppi. Top seeds Daniel Nestor from Canada and Serbia's Nenad Zimonjić easily progressed, losing just 4 games in a 6–3, 6–1defeat of French duo Arnaud Clément and Nicolas Devilder who had both reached round two of the singles draw. The quarterfinal line-up was completed by Philipp Petzschner and Alexander Peya who knocked out third seeds Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski 6–1, 7–6
Day Three.
The second round in the singles draw began on day three with the top five seeds in action. In the first match of the days session, Victor Hănescu reached the quarter finals with a 6–2, 6–4 victory against Mikhail Youzhny. Andy Murray took the court second and defeated Philipp Petzschner 6–2, 6–4 to take another step towards retaining his title, followed quickly after by world #1 Rafael Nadal, who defeated Karol Beck 6–1, 6–2 in 61 minutes. Murray next plays Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky, who defeated qualifier Alexander Peya 7–5, 6–3. 5th-seeded wildcard Gaël Monfils was also victorious 7–5, 7–6 against fellow Frenchman Nicolas Devilder and will next play Nadal. 8th seeded Philipp Kohlschreiber beat Kristof Vliegen 6–4, 6–7(4), 6–4 and he was due to face Roger Federer who beat Andreas Seppi 6–3, 6–3. In the final match of the day, fourth seeded Andy Roddick beat wildcard Arnaud Clément 6–3, 7–5.
In doubles, the quarter finals began with Mikhail Youzhny playing his second match of the day partnering Fabrice Santoro against Jeff Coetzee and Wesley Moodie for a place in the semi-finals. Youzhny and Santoro shocked the second seeds 7–5, 7–6 to book their semi-final place. About 15 minutes later, top seed and ten-times Grand Slam doubles finalists Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić (twice together) started their quarter-final match with Łukasz Kubot and Dmitry Tursunov, emerging victorious 7–5, 6–4. Third seeds Christopher Kas and Philipp Kohlschreiber were also knocked out of the tournament at the quarter-final stage, losing to Spanish wildcards Marc López and Rafael Nadal. Philipp Kohlschreiber had won the tournament last year with Czech David Škoch.
Day Four.
All quarter-final matches in the men's draw were completed on day four. Andy Roddick started off the action with his best performance of the week in a 6-3, 6-2 victory over Victor Hănescu. The second match of the day produced the biggest surprise of the event, as #5 seed Gaël Monfils routed world #1 Rafael Nadal 6-4 6-4, facing only one break point. He was followed by world #2 Roger Federer, who was heavily tested by Philipp Kohlschreiber, coming back from 5-1 and 6-3 in the tiebreak to win 6-2, 7-6, after having led the German 6-2 4-1. The day ended with world #4 and defending champion Andy Murray cruising to a 6-4, 6-2 victory over Sergiy Stakhovsky in a repeat of his victory over the Ukrainian in the US Open junior's final. Murray and Federer knew they would meet for the third tournament in a row.
In the doubles, #1 team Daniel Nestor & Nenad Zimonjić advanced to the final with a 6-1, 6-7(8), 10-3 victory over James Cerretani & Victor Hănescu. Their opponents are Marc López & Rafael Nadal, who narrowly defeated Fabrice Santoro & Mikhail Youzhny 1-6, 7-6, 11-9.
Day Five.
The two singles semi-finals were played on day five. Gaël Monfils was unable to continue his hot streak from the previous day's play, losing to Andy Roddick 7-6, 3-6, 6-3, after serving for the first set. The second semifinal saw the very anticipated matchup between defending champ Andy Murray and #2 Roger Federer. The match didn't disappoint fans, seeing plenty of memorable points, with the Brit prevailing 6-7, 6-2, 6-2, even though Federer had 3 consecutive break points early in the second set and Murray received medical attention on his back in the third. The match ended with Federer smashing a low overhead into the net. It was the third consecutive official time that Murray prevailed, with Murray also winning an exhibition match last week; Murray extended his head to head lead to 5-2, and goes into his final with a 5-2 lead over Roddick.
In the doubles final, the world #1 team of Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić faced singles world no. 1 Rafael Nadal and partner Marc López. Nestor and Zimonjić, the ATP World Tour Champions for 2008, were bidding for the seventh doubles title as a partnership. Nestor had previously won the title at Doha with Mark Knowles in 1996 and 2001. On the opposite side, Nadal and López were teaming up for the first time. Nadal had won four of his last seven doubles finals while López was appearing in his second ATP doubles final. In the final, López dropped his serve twice in the opening set but in the second, a single break sufficed for Nadal and López to level the match, from Nestor in the third game. In the deciding champions tiebreak (first to ten points), Zimonjić and Nestor led 6–5 but López and Nadal won 5 of the last seven points to seal a 4–6, 6–4, 10–8 victory.
Day Six.
The only match to take place on the final day of the tournament was the singles final. World no. 4 and third seeded Briton Andy Murray took on American Andy Roddick. Despite initial fears from Murray that he would be unfit to play after suffering from a back injury, he recovered enough to participate. The final started with four service holds before Murray broke Roddick in the fifth game for a 3–2 lead. This was followed by another in the seventh game and Murray sealed the set. In the second, Roddick just about held his opening service game but was broken in the third game of the set and then again two games later. Holding a 5–2 lead, Murray fell behind 0–30 on serve and had break point against him. However, he regained his composure and served out to win the match. In winning the tournament, Murray won his ninth career ATP title and defended the title he won in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20415734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415734" title="Competitive barrel rolling">
Competitive barrel rolling

Competitive Barrel Rolling is both a team or individual sport which is practiced by bourbon distilleries in Kentucky. It is also referred to as a bourbon barrel relay. The world championship takes place at the Kentucky Bourbon Festival annually in Bardstown, Kentucky.
Origins and History.
The first bourbon barrel relay took place in 1991 at the Kentucky Bourbon Festival in Bardstown, Kentucky. The participants are all employees of one of the Kentucky bourbon whiskey distilleries.
Playing Area.
The playing area is a 40 foot by 28 foot rectangle, with rails on each edge for the barrels to roll upon. A simulated barrel rick with posts and cross beams is constructed on one of the long sides. The rick has a removable bar at one end which the first barrel will strike. A metal plate rests on each corner to aid in both turning the barrel around corners and spinning the barrel into position.
Players.
Only four people are allowed to touch barrels on the team. Coaches or set callers can communicate with the players, but can not participate in any physical aspect of the sport.
Setter.
The setter takes the first barrel and rolls it to the rick. His job is to properly align the barrels such that after rolling down the final rail, the bungs of all the barrels are pointed straight up.
Rick person.
The rick person takes the second barrel and delivers it to the ricker. His job is to help the barrels roll down the final rail and to reposition any barrels that either impact the rick itself or fall off the rails.
Corner.
The man in the corner takes the third barrel to the first corner and pushes the barrel to the ricker. He stays in this position and moves the remaining barrels between the two rails.
Kicker.
The Kicker's job is to push all the remaining barrels to the corner man as quickly as possible. After all 10 barrels are delivered to the corner person they move to the rick and help the rick person move all barrels back and help with any post stuck or down barrels.
Set Caller.
And additional person may be employed to call the sets to the ricker. He will tell the ricker to either spin the barrel or dribble it to get the arrow in the correct position. He can not touch a barrel himself.
Safety.
The safety person stands next to the ricker and ensures that moving barrels do not hit the setter.
Gameplay.
Time is started as soon as the first barrel is moved. Time stops when all barrels are in their final resting place on the rick. Barrels must be supported only by the rails, and not the ground between. 10 seconds are subtracted from the time for each barrel whose bung is facing straight up, within two bung diameters. With the time deduction taken into account, talented teams and individuals will often end with negative time.
For the team event, only two barrels can be on the second rail. The remaining barrels can be started behind the corner or on the first rail. For the individual event, 9 barrels are placed in line with the rick, but behind the ricking position. The individual must push one barrel from the starting point around the track, set it and rick it. The remaining 9 just need to be set into position and rolled onto the rick.

</doc>
<doc id="20415744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415744" title="Learn (disambiguation)">
Learn (disambiguation)

Learning is the act of acquiring knowledge.
Learn may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20415771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415771" title="Sonya-class minesweeper">
Sonya-class minesweeper

The "Sonya" class were a group of minesweepers built for the Soviet Navy and Soviet allies between 1971 and 1991. The Soviet designation is Project 1265 Yakhont.
Design.
A wooden hulled coastal minehunter, built as a successor to the Vanya class with new sweeps and more effective sonar. A central safe explosion proof area is fitted and all key systems can be remote controlled from there.
Ships.
A total of 72 ships were built by Uliis yard in the Vladivostok and Avangard yards in Petrozavodsk between 1971 and 1991. One ship, the "BT-730", was lost in an accident in 1985. Another unit collided with a Swedish surveillance ship (HMS "Orion") east of Gotland in the Baltic in November 1985.
Russian Navy.
26 ships active with 14 in reserve 
Ukrainian Navy.
2 ships in service
Azerbaijan Navy.
2 ships in service
Bulgarian Navy.
4 ships transferred
Cuban Navy.
4 ships transferred
Syrian Navy.
1 ship transferred
Vietnamese Navy.
4 ships transferred

</doc>
<doc id="20415773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415773" title="Robert Simon">
Robert Simon

Robert Simon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20415798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415798" title="COL20A1">
COL20A1

COL20A1 is a collagen gene.

</doc>
<doc id="20415806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415806" title="International Mine Water Association">
International Mine Water Association

The International Mine Water Association (IMWA) is the first scientific-technical association worldwide dedicated to mine water related topics.
History.
IMWA was founded in 1979 in Granada, Spain, due to the steadily increasing problems related to water in the mining sector. Back then, the main focus of the association was on safety issues of water in mining. Over the years the focal point changed to more environmental issues. Since its conception, IMWA aimed to promote contacts between researchers, miners, consultancies, and students. For this purpose, IMWA organizes congresses every three years. In the years in between symposia are held. In 2008 232 delegates from 40 nations attended the 10th IMWA congress in Carlsbad, Czech Republic.
Publications.
Since 1982, the IMWA has published the "Journal of the International Mine Water Association" which was later (1994) renamed "Mine Water and the Environment". Today, the Journal is available electronically (ISSN 1616-1068) and in printed form (ISSN 1025-9112) from Springer, (Heidelberg, Germany). Since 2010 it is listed in the Science Citation Index Expanded and is dispatched quarterly (March, June, September, December) to over 600 subscribers worldwide. Its electronic articles are requested several thousands of times per year.
Furthermore, the book series "Mining and the Environment" was launched in 2008 (Springer) with the first volume being devoted to mine water management and tracer tests. The second volume focuses on acidic pit lakes.
Congresses and symposia.
Since its formation IMWA has held ten congresses and a number of symposia which were organized by the respective local IMWA host:
For future years the following locations will host the events:
Members.
In 2013 the International Mine Water Association records 750 individual including 66 corporate members from 40 Nations with two local groups in Europe (PADRE) and North America, respectively. Since 1997 membership of the association grew steadily from 70 members to today’s numbers; mainly based on the increasing importance of water and its environmental aspects in mining. Most members of IMWA are registered in North America, followed by Europe and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20415810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415810" title="COL21A1">
COL21A1

COL21A1 is a collagen gene.

</doc>
<doc id="20415823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415823" title="COL22A1">
COL22A1

COL22A1 is a collagen gene.

</doc>
<doc id="20415840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415840" title="COL24A1">
COL24A1

COL24A1 is a collagen gene.

</doc>
<doc id="20415848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415848" title="COL28A1">
COL28A1

Collagen, type XXVIII, alpha 1 also known as COL28A1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "COL28A1" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a collagen.

</doc>
<doc id="20415865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415865" title="COL6A5">
COL6A5

COL6A5 is a collagen gene.

</doc>
<doc id="20415884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415884" title="Harold Sinclair">
Harold Sinclair

Harold Sinclair may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20415890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415890" title="Kaman (Miju) Mishmis">
Kaman (Miju) Mishmis

Kaman mishmi is one of the major tribes of Anjaw and Lohit district of Arunachal Pradesh. According to the 2001 census the population of the tribe is approximately 30,000 in both the districts.
Origin.
The origin of the tribe is unknown, since the tribe does not have written records and relies on stories handed over by the older generations. There have been several opinions put by early Indian historians but none of the facts provided by those historians are reliable.
Religion.
Kamans practice animism. Almost every body of nature like the sun, moon, mountains, and rivers are revered as gods. The deities worshipped are Amik (Sun), Matai (Creator) Buroo (God abiding with rivers) Shyuto (God of the mountains)Teemik (God of water springs) Kangam etc. There are hosts of other malevolent and benevolent deities apart from these who are believed to be protectors or causes of various ailments and problems. All these deities are propitiated from time to time to keep the family and community safe from problems. Tamladu - Taka is celebrated every year around the second week of February to propitiate the hosts of deities for the welfare of village and community. Apart from "Taka" there are many other religious ceremonies associated with the deities. There is "Tulu" for sending the dead spirit to "Kamoulaam" or the domain of the dead, then there is "Apoung" which is conducted to propitiate the host of deities and the dead spirits of the family as well. "Tanoh,Thung and Changrang" are conducted for the welfare of the family society or whatever the chief priest (Kambring) prescribes.
Economy.
Since ancient times this tribe were good merchants. There is historical proof of this tribe having trade links with Tibet and the Ahoms of Assam. There are lots of swords, bronze plates, ear rings, bangles, gongs and similar things with Chinese and Tibetan inscriptions. These commodities are held in high value and are hoarded by almost every household as precious possessions used in a host of ceremonies, marriage and business purposes. The major economic activities of the tribe in recent times have been timber and forest resources like medicinal herbs and other forest products, cultivation of cash crops like elaichi and ginger, horticultural crops like oranges, pineapples and other fruits. The production of elaichi, ginger and oranges go in the most remarkable manner and constitute a major portion of the tribe's economy. The other significant contributors to the economy are government services and government contracts. The use of timber received a big setback in the 90s when the Supreme court of India banned the felling of trees owing to excessive deforestation in the state. Opium is another significant contributor to the tribe's economy. Despite the ban by the government the production of the drug goes undeterred as the people find no ethical question on the usage of the same. In fact it is considered better than wine most of the time. Animal husbandry is another major source of income in the tribe. Mithuns (a species of bison) is a highly valued animal used prominently as price of bride, meat and host of other trading purposes. Other livestocks include hens, goats, cows which almost every household owns. Although the people of this tribe are not extremely rich they are not poor either. There were times way back about 200 to 300 years back when there were famines due to failure of crops but lately the economy of the tribe is strong enough. Although it may not reflect in the lifestyle of the people or the government records a close look at the possessions and individual earnings of the people prove the point. Every family has enough resources or means to sustain. Laziness has been the biggest obstacle in the economic growth of the tribe. Men folk are seldom involved in any aggressive pursuit of economy, its the women in the tribe which play a dominating role in any economic activities. The recent 20 to 30 years have seen a massive growth of rich people in the tribe owing to exposure with outside world. The agricultural and horticultural productions having got potential passage to be supplied to open market outside of the state, it has contributed immensely to the affluence of the tribesmen.

</doc>
<doc id="20415906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415906" title="Keep It Real (Jamal song)">
Keep It Real (Jamal song)

"Keep It Real" was the second and final single released from Jamal's debut album "Last Chance, No Breaks". The song was produced by Erick Sermon. "Keep It Real" was another minor success for Jamal, peaking at #17 on the Hot Rap Singles and #76 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20415917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415917" title="Tenascin-R">
Tenascin-R

Tenascin-R is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "TNR" gene.
Function.
Tenascin-R (TNR) is an extracellular matrix protein expressed primarily in the central nervous system. It is a member of the tenascin (TN) gene family, which includes at least 3 genes in mammals: TNC (or hexabrachion), TNX (TNXB), and TNR. The genes are expressed in distinct tissues at different times during embryonic development and are present in adult tissues.by OMIM

</doc>
<doc id="20415923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415923" title="SNL Financial">
SNL Financial

SNL Financial LC is a financial information firm headquartered in Charlottesville, Virginia, United States. SNL Financial collects, standardizes and disseminates all relevant corporate, financial, market and M&A data — plus news and analysis — for the industries they cover: banking, financial services, insurance, real estate, energy and media/communications.
SNL Financial was originally founded as "S&L Securities" in New Jersey in 1987 with an initial focus on the savings and loan industry. But state law would not permit the incorporation of a non-bank with "S&L" in the official company name. So the "&" was replaced with an "N" to create "SNL."
SNL is a sector-focused financial information firm, serving more than 5,000 client companies and 100,000 users worldwide. The firm covers data of more than 6,500 public companies and over 50,000 private companies in these industries: Banking, Financial Services, Insurance, Real Estate, Energy, Metals & Mining, and Media & Communications (also known as SNL Kagan).
SNL’s products include an online database with real-time news and analytical tools; investor relations Web site hosting; electronic newsletters; and printed data publications. SNL’s client base includes investment banks, investment managers, corporate executives, ratings agencies, government bodies, consulting firms and law firms who use SNL’s information for business intelligence and analysis.
History.
SNL Financial was founded in 1987 in Hoboken, New Jersey by Reid and Jessica Nagle; Reid is still the company’s chairman. SNL began coverage of the thrift industry that same year, then launched coverage of banks in 1989 when it moved to its current headquarters in Charlottesville, Virginia. In 1992, Inc. Magazine recognized SNL as one of America’s 500 fastest-growing private companies.
SNL added coverage of non-bank financial sectors in 1993; real estate in 1994; insurance in 1997; and energy in 2000. Also in 2000, Mike Chinn became company president after starting his SNL career in 1994.
In 2001, SNL launched SNL IR Solutions, its investor relations Web site hosting service. SNL acquired Y-Merge in 2002, headed by Will Pappas who subsequently joined SNL’s board and became Managing Director of Sales.
SNL started expanding its operations globally in 2003 by establishing an office in India, followed by office openings in Pakistan (2005) and London (2007). In the U.S., SNL established an Arlington, Virginia office in 2004 following its acquisition of Io Energy LLC, and a Jersey City, New Jersey office in 2005 following its acquisition of Regulatory Research Associates, Inc. SNL opened a Boulder, Colorado office in 2009 and a Richmond, Virginia office in 2010.
After launching coverage of the media & communications sector in 2006, SNL acquiried Kagan Research, a long-time provider of proprietary analysis on the media industry, forming SNL Kagan with an accompanying office in Monterey, California.
SNL expanded its information service outside of the U.S. in 2007 by including coverage of the public real estate market in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region.
In 2008, SNL added statutory insurance data to its product offering, and in 2011, the company launched European banking coverage. 
On July 26, 2011, SNL Financial announced that New Mountain Capital had acquired a majority equity stake in the company
In August, SNL Financial was named for the fourth year running to Inc. Magazine's Inc. 5000 List, a ranking of the fastest growing private companies in the U.S. On September 28, 2011, SNL Financial acquired Highline Data from Summit Business Media. This transaction positioned SNL Insurance, a division of SNL, as the new standard for insurance information.
On November 17, 2011, SNL Financial acquired Datatrac's interest rate data products, further strengthening SNL's product for financial institutions.
2012 marked SNL Financial's 25th anniversary. SNL's product offerings continued to expand with three acquisitions to date. First, a March 19 acquisition of MediaCensus, the flagship data product from MediaBiz. Then on July 11, SNL Financial announced the acquisition of SwiftKnowledge, a leading web-based bank reporting and analysis application, and simultaneous launch of SNLBanker. SNL's third acquisition in 2012 was announced on October 17, in which SNL entered the metals & mining sector through the acquisition of Metals Economics Group (MEG), a leading provider of global mining industry information and analysis. The new division of SNL was named SNL Metals Economics Group. 2012 also marked SNL Financial's expansion into the Asia-Pacific region, with new offices opened in Hong Kong, Singapore and Manila. As of August 21, 2012, SNL Financial was named one of Inc. 5000's Fast Growing Companies for the fifth consecutive year.
In August of 2013, SNL Kagan acquired Multimedia Research Group, Inc. (MRG), a leading media and technology research firm based in Scottsdale, Arizona. In so doing, SNL Kagan expanded its US and global coverage, adding proprietary research, forecasts and analytics on an expanded suite of media technologies surrounding OTT video and pay-TV in markets around the world.
In January of 2014, SNL acquired IntierraRMG, a leading information provider in the metals and mining space with offices in Perth, Stockholm, Calgary, Vancouver & Toronto. The new brand - SNL Metals & Mining - offers expanded global coverage of mining data, news and analytics on worldwide exploration, development, production, planning, and acquisitions activity. Later in 2014, SNL Insurance acquired iPartners LLC, with an office in Atlanta, Georgia. iPartners LLC was a leader in business intelligence for the Property & Casualty and life insurance sectors.
Global offices.
SNL has 24 offices worldwide, with a current workforce of more than 2,000 employees.
Corporate headquarters are in Charlottesville, Virginia, United States. Other locations include:
Board of managers.
SNL’s board of managers consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="20415945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415945" title="1980 African Cup Winners' Cup">
1980 African Cup Winners' Cup

The 1980 season of the African Cup Winners' Cup football club tournament was won by Tout Puissant Mazembe in two-legged final victory against Africa Sports. This was the sixth season that the tournament took place for the winners of each African country's domestic cup. Twenty-eight sides entered the competition, with Dingareh and Ader Club withdrawing before the 1st leg of the first round. No preliminary round took place during this season of the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20415977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415977" title="Patuxet tribe">
Patuxet tribe

The Patuxet are an extinct Native American band of the Wampanoag tribal confederation. They lived primarily in and around modern-day Plymouth, Massachusetts.
Devastation.
The Patuxet were wiped out by a series of plagues that decimated the indigenous peoples of southeastern New England in the second decade of the 17th century. The epidemics which swept across New England and the Canadian Maritimes between 1614 and 1620 were especially devastating to the Wampanoag and neighboring Massachuset, with mortality reaching 100% in many mainland villages. When the Pilgrims landed in 1620, all the Patuxet except Squanto had died. The plagues have been attributed variously to smallpox, leptospirosis, and other diseases.
The last Patuxet.
Some European expedition captains were known to increase profits by capturing natives to sell as slaves. Such was the case when Thomas Hunt kidnapped several Wampanoag in 1614 and later sold them in Spain. One of his captives, a Patuxet named Tisquantum, anglicized as Squanto, was purchased by Spanish friars who then freed him and instructed him in the Christian faith. After he gained his freedom, Squanto was able to work his way to England and signed on as an interpreter for a British expedition to Newfoundland. From there Squanto went back to his home, only to discover that, in his absence, epidemics had killed everyone in his village.
Squanto succumbed to "Indian fever" himself in November 1622. With his death, the Patuxet people passed into history.
The Pilgrims.
Before he died, Squanto was to become instrumental in the foundation of the colony of English settlers at Plymouth.
Samoset, a Pemaquid (Abenaki) sachem from Maine introduced himself to the Pilgrims upon their arrival in 1620. Shortly thereafter, he introduced Squanto (presumably because Squanto spoke better English) to the Pilgrims, who were now living at the site of Squanto's old village. From that point onward, Squanto devoted himself to helping the Pilgrims. Whatever his motivations, with great kindness and patience, he taught the English the skills they needed to survive.
Although Samoset appears to have been important in establishing initial relations with the Pilgrims, Squanto was undoubtedly the main benefactor towards the Pilgrim's survival. In addition, he also served as an intermediary between the Pilgrims and Massasoit, the Grand Sachem of the Wampanoag (original name Ousamequin or "Yellow Feather"). As such, he was instrumental in the friendship treaty that the two signed, allowing the settlers to occupy the area around the old Patuxet village. Massasoit would honor this treaty until his death in 1661.
Thanksgiving.
In the fall of 1621, the Plymouth colonists and Wampanoag Indians shared an autumn harvest feast which is acknowledged today as the first Thanksgiving celebration in the colonies. This harvest meal has become a symbol of cooperation and interaction between English colonists and Native Americans.
Not only did the event take place on the historic site of the Patuxet villages, but Squanto's involvement as an intermediary during the friendship treaty with Massasoit led to the joint feast between the Pilgrims and Wampanoags. This harvest feast was a celebration of the first successful harvest together.

</doc>
<doc id="20415980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415980" title="Harri Huhtala">
Harri Huhtala

Harri Hilmer Huhtala (born August 13, 1952 in Paattinen) is a former hammer thrower from Finland, who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1980.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20415988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20415988" title="Source water protection">
Source water protection

Source Water Protection is protecting source water (including water from lakes, rivers and underground aquifers) from overuse and contamination.
Source water protection is part of a multi-barrier approach to protecting municipal sources of drinking water that was recommended by the Canadian Justice Dennis O'Connor in his Walkerton reports. This study was released in 2002 as a response to the Walkerton Tragedy, in which the town of Walkerton, Ontario's drinking water became contaminated with "E. coli" bacteria.

</doc>
<doc id="20416001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416001" title="The Hour of the Star">
The Hour of the Star

The Hour of the Star ("A hora da estrela") is a novel by Clarice Lispector published in 1977, shortly after the author's death. In 1985, the novel was adapted by Suzana Amaral into a film of the same name, which won the Silver Bear for Best Actress in the 36th Berlin International Film Festival of 1986. It has been translated into English twice by New Directions Publishing with Giovanni Pontiero's 1992 translation followed by Benjamin Moser's version in 2011.
Plot summary.
Narrated by the cosmopolitan Rodrigo S.M., this brief, strange, and haunting tale is the story of Macabéa, one of life's unfortunates. Living in the slums of Rio and eking out a poor living as a typist, Macabéa loves movies, Coca-Cola, and her rat of a boyfriend; she would like to be like Marilyn Monroe, but she is ugly, underfed, sickly, and unloved. Rodrigo recoils from her wretchedness, and yet he cannot avoid the realization that for all her outward misery, Macabéa is inwardly free. She doesn't seem to understand how unhappy she should be. 
Lispector employs her pathetic heroine against her urbane, empty narrator - edge of despair to edge of despair - and, working them like a pair of scissors, she cuts away the reader's preconceived notions about poverty, identity, love, and the art of fiction, taking readers close to the true mystery of life.
Themes.
"The Hour of the Star" deals with the problems of the rural Northeast versus the urban Southeast, poverty and the dream of a better life, and, of an uneducated woman’s struggle to survive in a sexist society. In February 1977, Lispector gave her only televised interview, with Júlio Lerner of TV Cultura in São Paulo. In it, she mentioned a book she had just completed with “thirteen names, thirteen titles,” though she refused to name them. According to her, the book is "the story of a girl who was so poor that all she ate was hot dogs. That’s not the story, though. The story is about a crushed innocence, about an anonymous misery."
Background and publication.
Clarice used her own childhood in the Northeast region of Brazil as reference to build the protagonist Macabéa. She also mentioned a gathering of people from this region in the São Cristóvão neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro, where she first captured the "disoriented look" of the Northeasterns in the city. Clarice was also inspired by a fortune teller she visited, an event upon which she bases the final part of the plot. When she was leaving the fortune teller's house, she found it amusing to imagine herself being hit by a yellow Mercedes and dying immediately after hearing all the good projections the fortune teller foresaw for her future.
The novel was composed from short fragments that Lispector and her secretary, Olga Borelli, pieced together. Lispector was not aware that she was dying at the time she wrote it, though the work is full of premonitions of her upcoming death.
Reception.
Peter Bricklebank in his review for Library Journal described the novel as "both introspection and fiction" and that is was a "compassionate meditation with a fine afterward, this slim volume will attract lovers of philosophical fiction". Barbara Mujica in her review for Americas described the novel as "the last and perhaps greatest novel of the Brazilian writer Clarice Lispector" and that ""The Hour of the Star" is also a meditation on writing. Through Rodrigo, Lispector brings into question the notion of authorial supremacy. Rodrigo is not the omnipotent, invisible creator, but a thinker who doubts, vacillates, and questions his own work. In The Hour of the Star and other novels, Lispector throws into doubt the ability of fiction to capture the truth."

</doc>
<doc id="20416017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416017" title="Wolf Wilhelm Friedrich von Baudissin">
Wolf Wilhelm Friedrich von Baudissin

Wolf Wilhelm Friedrich Graf von Baudissin (26 September 1847 – 6 February 1926) was a German Protestant theologian who was a native of Sophienhof, near Kiel.
Baudissin studied theology and Oriental studies at Berlin, Erlangen, Leipzig and Kiel, earning his doctorate in 1870 at Leipzig, where he worked as privatdocent from 1874 to 1876. In 1876 he was appointed associate professor of theology at the University of Strassburg, where four years later he gained a full professorship. 
In 1881 he became a professor of Old Testament exegesis at the University of Marburg, where he remained until 1900. From 1900 to 1921 he was a professor at the University of Berlin. Theologian Franz Delitzsch (1813–1890) and Orientalist Heinrich Leberecht Fleischer (1801–1888) were major influences in his career.
Baudissin was a prominent figure in the "Religionsgeschichtliche Schule" (School of Religious History). He is largely remembered for his work involving analysis of various ancient Semitic faiths in order to clarify the religious meaning of the Biblical Old Testament.

</doc>
<doc id="20416018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416018" title="Tyddyn Bridge Halt railway station">
Tyddyn Bridge Halt railway station

The site of the halt is now covered by the dam of Llyn Celyn reservoir, the construction of which led to the closure of the line in 1961 except the Bala to Bala Junction section. That section was subsequently closed in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20416021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416021" title="Hemant Karkare">
Hemant Karkare

Hemant Karkare AC () (12 December 1954 – 26 November 2008) was the chief of the Mumbai Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS). He was killed in action during the 2008 Mumbai attacks after being shot three times in the chest. His bravery was honoured with the Ashoka Chakra on 26 January 2009.
Karkare succeeded K. P. Raghuvanshi as the Chief of ATS in January 2008 and was eventually succeeded by Raghuvanshi after he was killed on 26 November 2008. He was credited with solving the serial bombing cases in Thane, Vashi and Panvel, and led the investigation of the 29 September Malegaon blasts.
Education and career.
Karkare came from a Maharashtrian family. Karkare obtained a Bachelor of Engineering degree in Mechanical Engineering from Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology, Nagpur in 1975. After graduation he worked for National productivity council, Government of India and then Hindustan Lever Limited now Hindustan Unilever Ltd., India's largest FMCG company.
He joined the Indian Police Service (IPS) as a member of the 1982 batch. Before becoming ATS Chief of Maharashtra State in January 2008, he was Joint Commissioner of Police (Administration) of Mumbai Police. He served seven years in Austria in the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW), India's external intelligence agency.
According to former senior Mumbai Police officer Y.C. Pawar, Mr. Karkare was regarded as very influential officer in police circles.(Times of India Nov.28 2008)
Malegaon investigation.
On 29 September 2008, three bombs exploded in Modasa, Gujarat and Malegaon, Maharashtra killing eight persons, and injuring 80. Several unexploded bombs were found in Ahmedabad, Gujarat. Hemant Karkare, as the chief of the state Anti-Terror Squad, led the investigation into the 2008 Malegaon blasts. In late October the ATS arrested eleven suspects, and alleged that some radical Hindu groups were behind the blasts.
Opposition parties, including the Bharatiya Janta Party and Shiv Sena, and Hindu organizations alleged that the arrests were made under the pressure of the incumbent government, in an attempt to appease India's Muslim population, these parties called him 'a traitor to the nation' for his investigation in this direction. Some BJP, Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) leaders accused the ATS of being used as a tool to attack the Sangh Parivar and of using illegal detention and torture.
Death.
At 9.45 p.m. while having his dinner at his Dadar residence, he received a call about a terrorist attack at C.S.T. station. He switched on the TV for news and left at once with his driver and bodyguards for C.S.T. There he donned a bullet-proof vest and helmet (shown on news channels live), and went to Platform No.1, but found it deserted. He was then informed that the terrorists had moved to the Cama and Albless Hospital ("Cama") next to the Azad Maidan police station.
The operation was difficult as it was dark and the terrorists were well prepared and virtually on a "fidayeen" mission. The officers, with a few constables, went into Cama from the back and Kamte fired at the terrorist. A couple of constables were left stationed at the back entrance of Cama, while the rest boarded a Qualis jeep. Salaskar asked the driver to let him take over at the wheel. About that time, they heard on the wireless that the terrorists were hiding behind a red car.
As they turned from the Crime Branch office towards Rang Bhavan looking for the red car, near the Corporation Bank ATM, they saw a terrorist running. Kamte or Salaskar - or both - fired, the bullet hitting the terrorist on his arm, his AK-47 fell down. He was Kasab, the lone terrorist captured alive later. As they were thinking of getting down, a second terrorist, Ismail Khan appeared and fired a volley of bullets at them. All but one Assistant Police Inspector Jadhav died.
Hemant Karkare, Ashok Kamte, Salaskar and others died in fighting the Mumbai attacks, on 27 November 2008 in a narrow lane between St. Xavier's College and Rang Bhavan, just a stone throw away from the Crime Branch office.
"Indian Express" quotes statements by Constable Arun Jadhav, who was with the officers Hemant Karkare, Vijay Salaskar and Ashok Kamte when they died.
The three officers and four constables had received information that Sadanand Date had been injured in the gunfire at the Cama and Albless Hospital for women and children. Located at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST), a ten-minute drive from the hospital, they took a Toyota Qualis and proceeded in that direction. Salaskar was driving, Kamte in the passenger seat, Karkare in the second row, and the four constables, including Jadhav, were in the back row of seating. According to Jadhav, five minutes later, two terrorists stepped out from behind a tree and opened fire with AK-47 automatic rifles. The six policemen, other than Jadhav, were all killed quickly in the gunfire. Kamte was the sole officer who managed to retaliate, wounding terrorist Ajmal in the arm. The wounded Jadhav had no opportunity to render assistance. The two terrorists approached the vehicle, dumped the bodies of the three officers on the road and, leaving the constables for dead, proceeded to Metro Cinema. Upon arrival, they aimed three bursts of automatic fire at the police and press vehicles drawn up at that location, then drove off towards the government offices (Vidhan Bhawan) in South Mumbai. Here again they fired several times. While attempting to leave the area, one of the tires of the vehicle burst, so the terrorists departed to obtain another. At this point, Jadhav was able to contact headquarters. The bodies of the dead were recovered and taken to St George Hospital.
In an investigation, Headline Today, an Indian news agency, found that a substandard bulletproof jacket had been issued to Mr. Karkare. Though, according to the post mortem report, the quality of the vest was not a factor in his death concerns in the media about the quality of the vest continue because the vest itself was, according to Indian authorities, misplaced in the hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20416040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416040" title="Adolf Holzhaus">
Adolf Holzhaus

Adolf Holzhaus (1892–6 June 1982) was an Esperantist and historian of the Esperanto movement. Between 1959 and 1985, he compiled biographies of the lives of Esperanto creator L. L. Zamenhof and his family, Esperanto pioneer Wilhelm Heinrich Trompeter, and others. He edited and published documents on the history of Esperanto, including Zamenhof's "Hillelism" and "Provo de gramatiko de novjuda lingvo kaj alvoko al la juda intelektularo".
Holzhaus authored "Vivokurojn de esperantistoj" (History of Esperantists) as an intended replacement for the Encyclopedia of Esperanto. His book, which remained unpublished, now sits in the Esperanto Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20416046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416046" title="Learned (disambiguation)">
Learned (disambiguation)

To be learned is to have much learning.
Learned may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20416055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416055" title="Learned (surname)">
Learned (surname)

Learned is an American surname, and may refer to such notable people as:

</doc>
<doc id="20416089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416089" title="Věra Barandovská-Frank">
Věra Barandovská-Frank

Věra Barandovská-Frank (born 17 August 1952 in Opava) is a Czech Esperantist and philologist, at La Internacia Sciencista Dokumentaro. 
She presented at the Universala Kongreso de Esperanto. 
Her husband is the philologist Helmar Frank.

</doc>
<doc id="20416105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416105" title="Pointing and calling">
Pointing and calling

Pointing and calling is a method in occupational safety for avoiding mistakes by pointing at important indicators and calling out the status loud. It is common in Japan and is sometimes referred to by its Japanese terms, "shisa kanko" (指差喚呼), "shisa kakunin kanko" (指差確認喚呼) or "yubisashi koshō" (指差呼称). Making large gestures and speaking out the status helps keeping focus and attention. The method was first used by train drivers and is now commonly used in Japanese industry. It is not often used in other countries, though it is used in the New York subway system. It is recommend by the Japan Industrial Safety and Health Association (JISHA, 中央労働災害防止協会).
Pointing and calling requires the co-action and co-reaction among the operator's brain, eyes, hands, mouth, and ears.
History.
The method originated in Japan in the early 1900s, with train drivers calling out the status of signals. The pointing was added a few decades later.
Effectiveness.
A 1994 study by the Railway Technical Research Institute showed that pointing and calling reduced mistakes by almost 85 percent when doing a simple task.

</doc>
<doc id="20416111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416111" title="Pedro Martínez (basketball)">
Pedro Martínez (basketball)

Pedro Martínez Sánchez (born 29 June 1961 in Barcelona) is a Spanish professional basketball coach, currently coaching CB Gran Canaria. Previously, Martínez coached Cajasol Sevilla, Girona, Manresa, Gran Canaria and Joventut. He was appointed to the Sevilla job in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20416151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416151" title="Detlev Blanke">
Detlev Blanke

Detlev Blanke (born 30 May 1941) is an interlinguistics lecturer at Humboldt University of Berlin. He is one of Germany's most active Esperanto philologists and has been since 1991 both the chair of the "Gesellschaft für Interlinguistik" ("Interlinguistics Society") and the editor of its newsletter, "Interlinguistische Informationen". He and his wife Wera Blanke are especially interested in the evolution of language — particularly in the development of terminology for the planned language Esperanto and in questions of sociolinguistics. Blanke has made a keen study of Eugen Wüster's work towards common international terminology and towards international standardization.
Academic career.
After completing his initial university studies he worked as a teacher of German and geography. He earned a doctorate from Humboldt University of Berlin in 1976 with his dissertation on comparative word construction of Esperanto and German. In 1985 he earned a second doctorate from Humboldt on constructed languages. (In the former East Germany such a second degree was known as "dissertation B", corresponding to the highest academic qualification of "habilitation" awarded to full professors in many European countries.) In 1988 the university appointed him "Honorary Lecturer of Interlinguistics."
Esperanto activities.
Having first taught himself Esperanto in 1957, he later became secretary (1968 through 1990) of the "Centra Laborrondo de Esperanto-Amikoj" ("Central Working Circle of Friends of Esperanto"), a government-sanctioned affiliate of East Germany's Cultural Association ("Deutsche Kulturbund"). After 1981 the group became a part of the newly founded German Democratic Republic Esperanto Association ("Esperanto-Asocio de GDR", GDREA). From 1970 to 1990 Prof. Blanke was also editor of the newsletter of those organizations, "Der Esperantist". In 1991 the Esperantists of the former East Germany formally affiliated with the German Esperanto Association "(Germana Esperanto-Asocio)" which had previously operated only in West Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20416167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416167" title="Refused discography">
Refused discography

The Swedish hardcore punk band Refused had a brief but prolific seven-year run, producing the material listed here.

</doc>
<doc id="20416171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416171" title="Georgetown Historic District">
Georgetown Historic District

Georgetown Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20416173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416173" title="Johannes S. Andersen">
Johannes S. Andersen

Johannes Sigfred Andersen (9 July 1898 – 29 July 1970) was a Norwegian resistance fighter during the Second World War, a member of the Norwegian Independent Company 1 (NOR.I.C.1). He was nicknamed "Gulosten"; 'The Yellow Cheese'. He also used the surname Ostein during the war. Andersen was a controversial character, because of his pre-war life as a well-known career criminal and a series of incidents that occurred during the war years. These incidents included Andersen working as an assassin during the war, and shortly after the war killing two German prisoners of war during a drinking binge. After the war, Andersen started a wood furniture business. He was supported financially by King Haakon VII of Norway, whose friendship he had gained during the war. Andersen was repeatedly accused of crimes after the war, and on one occasion convicted.
Early life.
Andersen was born on 9 July 1898 in Kristiania (now Oslo), and had a difficult childhood, the latter part of it in an orphanage. He was the son of construction worker Ole Andersen and Josefine Hansen. Soon after Johannes was born, Norway entered a period of economic difficulties, with little construction work available. This led to his father having to change jobs from mason to milkman. Johannes' mother became obsessed with religion.
Institutionalization.
At age 10 Johannes was declared a ward of court and sent to the school institution "Toftes gave" on the island Helgøya in the lake Mjøsa. While at the strict institution Johannes received parcels from home, with yellow cheese. The cheese was needed because of the meagre rations given the boys at "Toftes gave". The parcels with yellow cheese led to Johannes being given the nickname "Gulosten" () by the other boys at the institution, a name that stuck with him for the rest of his life. After four years on Helgøya he was transferred to Bastøy school home for maladjusted boys, an equally harsh institution. When 29 boys rebelled at Bastøy in 1915, police officers and the Norwegian Armed Forces were employed to crush the riot, and the leaders taken away in handcuffs. Physical punishment was common at Bastøy, including being locked away in a dark cellar, a punishment Johannes had to endure. When Johannes was 15 his mother died, and he was not informed until several days after her funeral. This led to him making suicide threats, and going amok at the warden's office, for which he was punished with a stay in the dark cell.
Leaving Helgøya.
Andersen went to sea at age 15, and later found work as a mason's assistant. On 7 November 1916 he married Lovise Kristine Klausen, who worked as a waitress at a restaurant frequented by Andersen. They soon got an apartment at Torshov and had a son. Andersen got a better-paid job, laying the foundation for the headquarters of Oslo Lysverker, but when that job was done he had to seek day-to-day work at the harbour. When Norway's financial situation again turned for the worse after the upturn of the First World War, no-one would hire a man with an institutional background, and he was out of work. He made a last-ditch attempt to make money; he bought liquor in Tønsberg and sold it on the black market in Kristiania, but this was not enough for his wife, who left him to pursue a more financially secure future.
It has been written that the marriage did not end until 1931. In the meantime, Andersen befriended a woman named Nancy. She helped hide him when he was wanted by the authorities, she lied during a police interrogation at Møllergata 19 to cover for him and she also helped him with practical things such as acquiring a passport. They agreed to part ways when Andersen was set to pursue a trapper career in Canada; when going to visit her one last time he stumbled upon a police officer who recognized him and arrested him. Also, when frequenting Hamburg, Andersen spent time with two prostitutes. They were described as "not [...] extraordinarily beautiful", and Andersen helped them with buying food.
Criminal career.
Norway's prohibition from 1916 onwards opened up possibilities for a lucrative criminal career, and Andersen joined up in 1921 with old friends from his days at "Toftes gave" in grand-scale smuggling operations. Using ingenious methods for hiding the spirits, they smuggled alcohol into Norway by sea. In his smuggling years Andersen cooperated with future award-winning author Arthur Omre, serving as both crew and skipper on Omre's boats before getting his own smuggling vessel. Eventually his cover was blown, and being a wanted man in Norway he had to flee to Germany. While in Germany he worked for one of the biggest suppliers of spirits for the illegal Norwegian market. In 1925 Norway requested that Germany extradite him, and he was arrested in the harbour of Hamburg. Prison life was harsh, but Andersen managed to get transferred to a hospital when faking syphilis by burning his member with a cigarette. He was then deported under police escort back to Norway on the steamship "Kong Dag", but when the ship entered the Oslofjord, Andersen escaped by jumping overboard near Spro. For several months he was on the run before being recaptured. In the years that followed he was in and out of prison repeatedly. He gained considerable renown for his elegantly executed burglaries, being labelled by the media "gentleman-forbryter i Grünerløkka-utgave" (). He was also well known for his safe-cracking skills. Andersen once more tried to evade justice when he fled a crowded court room in Drammen in 1929, jumping out a window as the sentence was being proclaimed. He was then smuggled from Drammen inside a chest of drawers which was to undergo reparation in Oslo. He was recaptured shortly before intending to board a cargo ship bound for Canada.
His criminal escapades made Andersen a national celebrity in pre-war Norway, and his nickname "Gulosten" a household name. Between 1919 and 1937 he was sentenced to prison terms nine times, spending a total of around seven years behind bars. During the mid-1930s Andersen attempted to end his criminal career, became engaged, and started a furniture repair business. He remarried on 18 March 1939, wedding Ruth Johanne (born 1905), née Nilsen. They had one son. In 1935 Andersen attempted to get a children's book published, but it was rejected because of its inclusion of a number of "brutal scenes, unsuited for youths". The nature scenes in the book were, however, commended by the reviewer. After yet another spell in prison, Andersen was released on 9 April 1940, the day Germany invaded Norway as a part of World War II.
Second World War.
Early resistance work.
The German invasion of Norway in 1940 led to Andersen's life once more taking a turn into illegal activities. His furniture workshop was used as a weapons depot by the Norwegian resistance movement, and he took part in looting German military stores. He was first arrested by the Germans after he had responded to rumours that he was a Nazi by writing the Norwegian national socialist party Nasjonal Samling's official publication "Fritt Folk" and stating that "although I have done many wrong things in my life, a Nazi I am not. Yours sincerely Johs. S. Andersen". The letter was published unedited by the newspaper, although Andersen was later arrested by the occupying authorities and sentenced to one year in prison, after spending half a year in detention. Using techniques he had learned during his earlier criminal career, Andersen managed to be transferred to prison hospital during his time in detention. While there he acquired false x-ray images and tuberculosis germs to fake illnesses in other captured resistance men who were on their way to interrogation. He also infected a German interrogator with malaria by contaminating his insulin. At night, he would sneak out of the hospital and operate in Oslo, amongst other activities breaking into Nasjonal Samling offices and stealing documents, copying them and having them shipped to the United Kingdom together with evidence of torture in Nazi-run prisons. He served the last part of his sentence in Fuhlsbüttel near Hamburg, Germany. His wife was also active in resistance work, dealing with propaganda and espionage. Author Egil Ulateig doubts the veracity of Andersen's prison exploits, which are based mostly on Andersen's own testimony.
Assassin, SOE agent and naval rating.
After his return to Norway in 1942, Andersen carried out the assassination of well-known informer Raymond Colberg and then made good his escape to Sweden. Colberg had been active in the Sandefjord area, uncovering an illegal radio transmitter. This led to the arrest of eight resistance members in March 1941, three of whom were executed (Øivind Ask, Andreas Bertnes and Johan Midttun were shot 4 December 1941). Andersen carried out the assassination of the Abwehr agent together with his wife and two acquaintances, kidnapping him and killing him at the animal hospital "Chevals kjeller". According to Ruth Andersen's later interrogation records, the killing was carried out by crucifying him with four knives and crushing his bones with iron pipes, then dismembering the body, putting it in a container for animal carcasses and dumping it in the river Akerselva. The confession may have been made under torture, and included no reference to the bullet holes found on Colberg's corpse when it was recovered. According to historian and leader of Norway's Resistance Museum, Arnfinn Moland, the claims of Colberg having been tortured and mutilated are fabrications. Moland cites autopsy reports and German archives to back up his claims. Colberg's body was discovered by a Norwegian civilian on 15 June 1942 with two 7,62 mm calibre bullet holes in the head, and was identified through Colberg's dental records. The killing was, according to Ulateig, also motivated by Andersen's personal feelings towards Colberg, and Moland states that Andersen "may have had" such motives, a claim that is refuted by history professor Tore Pryser.
Andersen then fled to Sweden, and travelled on to the United Kingdom, where he was recruited by Professor Leif Tronstad for work with the British Special Operations Executive. In this context he used the surname Ostein during the war. In the United Kingdom, Andersen suggested a series of further assassinations in Oslo, naming targets and describing plans for how to carry out the killings. The British saw great potential as an agent in a man with Andersen's background. Andersen and his group was parachuted from a Halifax bomber to Kjerkeberget near Sandungen in Nordmarka, Oslo. Received by Gunnar Sønsteby and Sverre Ellingsen, this was the first parachute drop received by the resistance group Milorg's District 13. The group spent a month training Milorg resistance people in weapons handling. They were originally intended to carry out assassinations of leading Norwegian Nazis and informers as part of Operation Bittern, first and foremost police minister and "Germanske SS Norge" leader Jonas Lie, but this was refused by the local resistance leaders because of fears of reprisals. Andersen had suggested killing the top-ranking Nazi leader, and the SOE approved. According to a plan formulated by the SOE, Andersen was to don a light suit, enter Lie's office in broad daylight, shoot the police minister in the head with a Colt pistol, change to a dark suit hidden underneath the light one, and disappear in the confusion. Andersen commented on the SOE plan: "Lie might survive this assassination attempt, but I won't." Andersen instead wanted to kill Lie on his way from the office to his home. The Bittern operation was severely criticized by the Norwegian Home Forces in a letter to the Norwegian exile government in London.
Andersen returned to the United Kingdom via Sweden, after episodes of unruly behaviour in Oslo. In the United Kingdom he had a personal audience with King Haakon VII of Norway. During the audience, Andersen and the King lunched at the Norwegian Club in London, and Andersen entertained the exiled monarch with stories. The King promised to take care of Andersen once the war was over. Andersen then joined the exiled Royal Norwegian Navy and served on a Motor Torpedo Boat (MTB) for the duration of the war. The MTB on which Andersen served repeatedly attacked shipping off the Norwegian coast.
Many resistance people in Norway had been shocked when they found out that Andersen had been allowed to serve in NOR.I.C.1. Leading saboteur Max Manus wrote shortly after the war in his book "Det vil helst gå godt": "It was one hell of a risk to send a man with Gulosten's reputation and history out on secret military missions. It would have been a great embarrassment if "Fritt Folk" had been able to publish that Gulosten made a career in King Håkon's armed forces". Andersen protested against Manus' account when it was published.
Post-war life.
Loss of wife and third marriage.
When Andersen returned to Norway after the German surrender in 1945, he had hoped to reunite with his wife Ruth. Instead, he discovered that his wife had been arrested by the Germans on 9 May 1944. She had been taken to Møllergata 19, tortured during her captivity and executed at Grini concentration camp by "Sonderkommando Hans" on 21 July 1944 together with five others. They were buried in a mass grave but her body was exhumed and identified on 25 May 1945. Ruth's sister together with Ruth's friend Hertha Bergstrøm organized a proper funeral. Andersen and Bergstrøm later married.
POW killing controversy.
On 3 July 1945 Andersen killed two German prisoners of war with his Thompson submachine gun. Andersen had broken into German barracks in Vadheim in Sogn during a drinking binge, killing the German soldiers Herbert Neumann and Hermann Beckmann. He later claimed to have acted in rage over his wife's death. The Norwegian court system started working on Andersen's case, eventually reaching judge advocate Ivar Follestad. Andersen was defended by Reidar Skau, who was made Supreme Court Justice in 1945. Follestad deemed it necessary to prosecute Andersen, but wanted to pardon him after the verdict. After spending more than a year in the civilian and military court systems Andersen's murder case reached the top levels of the Royal Norwegian Navy, and on 5 August 1946 it was decided to take the case to the Gulating Military Court of Appeal. Three months later Follestad made a decision of non-indictment, despite there being evidence to convict Andersen. In January 1947 the general jurisdiction chief, Thore Horve, also declared for a decision of non-indictment. Follestad and Horve were supported in this by Minister of Defence Jens Christian Hauge, and the decision was made final by royal resolution on 25 April 1947. This led to protests from, amongst others, leading Norwegian psychiatrist Johan Scharffenberg.
Later life.
With starting help from his new wife, Andersen started the wood product factory "Apenes Trevarefabrikk" in Horten, running it for fifteen years. King Haakon VII personally helped him with money and credit, remaining Andersen's friend and patron the rest of the king's life. One time, Andersen's company was hired to perform maintenance work on the Bygdøy Royal Estate. He eventually had to retire because of health problems sustained during the war.
Andersen was accused of crimes on several occasions in the post-war years, but was most often acquitted in court. Amongst the crimes of which he was charged but acquitted in court was the theft of building materials in 1954. Another time he was tricked into lending his car to two people who broke into a goldsmith's shop in Tønsberg. Strongly intoxicated at the time of the crime, he was charged but fully acquitted. In 1955 he was, however, convicted and sentenced to 36 days in prison for selling 30 bottles of denatured alcohol, alcohol that was supposed to have been used at his factory.
In his later years Andersen became involved in speaking about children's rights and correctional institutions. He called the institutions for maladjusted youths "schools for criminals", and said that the loss and suffering of institutionalization naturally lead youths to crime, using his own life as an example. To explain his views on incarceration and of society's response to institutionalized children and ex-convicts Andersen said: "You are to be punished for having been punished." Johannes "The Yellow Cheese" Andersen died on 29 July 1970, aged 72. He was buried in Horten.
In late 1968 the book "En mann kalt Gulosten" was released, written by Bjørn Bjørnsen. Already before the book was released, film rights for the story were bought by the company Teamfilm. Teamfilm employee Knut Bohwim stated that the book contained enough material for three motion pictures, but that they would concentrate the story into one film at best.

</doc>
<doc id="20416179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416179" title="Tropical acne">
Tropical acne

Tropical acne is unusually severe acne occurring in the tropics during seasons when the weather is hot and humid.

</doc>
<doc id="20416180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416180" title="Green Light (Cliff Richard album)">
Green Light (Cliff Richard album)

Green Light is a 1978 album by Cliff Richard. It was his 31st studio album.
Background.
Cliff Richard had seen a dip in popularity in the early 1970s until his 1976 album "I'm Nearly Famous" gave him major success. This comeback kept Richard regularly in the charts until the mid-1980s. Of the albums released during this period, "Green Light" was the only one which failed to make the top 10. It proved to be a particular disappointment in only reaching No.25 in the album charts and failed to provide any high charting singles. The lead single, "Please Remember Me" failed to chart at all, as did the follow-up, "Can't Take the Hurt Anymore". This left Richard without a hit single in 1978, only the second year since 1958 that this had happened. A third and final release, the title track "Green Light" finally gave him a chart entry in early 1979, but only managed to creep up to No.57.
Despite this, the album was well received by critics. Allmusic stating that this was "Richard at his most commercial and appealing and deserved to be more widely heard - particularly in the US". Probably the most well-known song on the album however was "Count Me Out", which was later released as the B-side to Richard's 1979 single "We Don't Talk Anymore", which was the song that got his revival back on track by becoming the biggest selling single of his career.
Since his 1977 "Every Face Tells a Story" album, Richard had released two other albums - a Christian music album, "Small Corners" and a compilation album "40 Golden Greats", which had reached No.1 in November 1977. Soon after this, he also released a live album, "Thank You Very Much", which celebrated 20 years of Cliff Richard in the music business. 
"Green Light" was remastered and re-issued on Compact disc in July 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20416192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416192" title="Hielaman">
Hielaman

A hielaman or hielamon is an Australian Aboriginal shield. Traditionally such a shield was made from bark or wood, but in some parts of Australia such as Queensland the word is used to refer to any generic shield.

</doc>
<doc id="20416204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416204" title="Clement Smith">
Clement Smith

Clement Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20416225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416225" title="Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art">
Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art

The Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art is an art museum on the University of Oklahoma campus in Norman, Oklahoma.
Overview.
The University of Oklahoma’s Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art is one of the finest university art museums in the United States. Strengths of the nearly 16,000-object permanent collection (including the approx. 3,300-object Adkins Collection and the more than 4,000-object James T. Bialac Native American Art Collection) are French Impressionism, 20th-century American painting and sculpture, traditional and contemporary Native American art, art of the Southwest, ceramics, photography, contemporary art, Asian art and graphics from the 16th century to the present.
The museum has become well known in art circles for its fine art collections, including paintings, sculptures, works on paper, and photographs.
The main collections are:
Special exhibitions are held every few months to showcase works in the museum's permanent collection, traveling exhibitions and more.
History.
The Fred Jones Jr. Museum was founded in 1936 by OU art professor Oscar Jacobson, who became the museum's first director and served in that post until his retirement in 1950. It originally featured only 250 works, all of which were collected by Jacobson. After a donation later that year of hundreds of pieces of East and Central Asian art by Lew Wentz and Gordon Matzene of Ponca City, Oklahoma, the university moved the museum to the former library building, which is now Jacobson Hall. Under Jacobson's tenure as director, the museum greatly expanded its collection of Native American art, including many works by the Kiowa Five, who had studied under Jacobson in the 1920s. 
The collection continued to grow, and in 1971, a building just for the large collection was built, and it was officially established as the Fred Jones Jr. Memorial Art Center. In 1992 it was renamed the Fred Jones, Jr., Museum of Art. When current OU president David Boren arrived at OU in 1994, he and his wife Molli Shi Boren began a campaign to expand the museum's collections, which has resulted in many of the museums most valuable acquisitions. 
2000 was a watershed year in the development of the FJJMA's collections, with the gift of the Weitzenhoffer Collection of French Impressionism. In 2003, it became apparent that the original facilities could not properly display enough of the museum's rapidly growing collection. Construction began on a $14 million new wing to the museum, which, when completed two years later, doubled the museum's size. Designed by Washington, D.C. based architect Hugh Jacobson, its signature "hut-like" design has made it one of the most recognizable buildings on campus. 
In 2005 the museum opened the new addition, named in honor of Mary and Howard Lester of San Francisco.
In 2007, the Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art and the Philbrook Museum of Art were named stewards of the Eugene B. Adkins Collection. To properly display OU’s portion of the Adkins Collection, the University began construction in 2009 on a new level above the original museum structure. Opened in October 2011, the Stuart Wing provides a new 18,000-square-foot expansion of the Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art to house the museum’s many collections acquired within the past 15 years. Designed by noted architect Rand Elliott, the new addition is named the Stuart Wing to honor a $3 million lead gift from the Stuart Family Foundation made possible by the generosity of OU Regent Jon R. Stuart and his wife, Dee Dee, a member of the art museum’s board of visitors. Construction includes renovations to the original 1971 building and the addition of the Eugene B. Adkins Gallery, a new photography gallery and new administrative offices. In all, the new Stuart Wing, with renovations, includes of exhibition space. Combining that with the 2005 Lester Wing’s , the total museum exhibition space, is approximately .
Ghislain d'Humières served as the Wylodean and Bill Saxon Director of the Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art from 2007-2013. Emily Ballew Neff was appointed Director of the Fred Jones Jr. Museum of Art in late December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20416230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416230" title="Elijah Smith">
Elijah Smith

Elijah Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20416232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416232" title="Give Me Your Word">
Give Me Your Word

"Give Me Your Word" is a popular song written by George Wyle and Irving Taylor in 1954. The biggest selling version, recorded by Tennessee Ernie Ford, was released on 31 May 1954 by Capitol Records in the United States, and reached number 1 in the UK Singles Chart in March 1955. The record was produced by Ken Nelson.
"Give Me Your Word" was Ford's first hit in the United Kingdom. Billy Fury had a minor hit in the United Kingdom with "Give Me Your Word" in 1966, reaching number 27 on the UK chart. The song was Fury's last single release on the Decca label.

</doc>
<doc id="20416236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416236" title="Hodag Country Festival">
Hodag Country Festival

The Hodag Country Festival, founded in 1978, is an outdoor music festival held each summer in Rhinelander, in Oneida County, Wisconsin, United States. The first festival, held August 4-6, 1978, featured Freddy Fender and Jana Jae and had an attendance of about 500.
The "Hodag" was founded by Bernie and Diane Eckert, Ernie Feight, and Ted Tschannen. Tschannen left after about two years, while Feight was part of the festival until 1994, when he sold his shares to the four Eckert children and the festival became an Eckert family business. After Bernie and Diane Eckert's deaths in 2002 and 2008, their children have operated the festival.
Held the second weekend in July, the festival has an estimated attendance of 30,000-50,000 each year. Popular country music stars have performed, including Garth Brooks, Tim McGraw, Reba McEntire, Neal McCoy, Kellie Pickler and Toby Keith. 

</doc>
<doc id="20416240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416240" title="Théophile Cart">
Théophile Cart

Théophile Cart (March 31, 1855 in Saint-Antoine-de-Breuilh - May 21, 1931 in Paris) was a French Esperantist professor and linguist.
He appears as a character in Joseph Skibell's 2010 novel, A Curable Romantic.

</doc>
<doc id="20416259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416259" title="Vinery Madison Stakes">
Vinery Madison Stakes

The Vinery Madison Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually in early April at Keeneland Race Course in Lexington, Kentucky. Contested on Polytrack synthetic dirt over a distance of seven furlongs, it is open to fillies and mares, age four and older.
Inaugurated in 2002 as the Madison Stakes, in 2005 the event was upgraded from a Listed race to Grade III status, then in 2006 to Grade II. In 2009 it became a Grade I event. 
The race is named for Madison County, the largest county in the Bluegrass region of Kentucky. In 2004 the name of the race was amended to add the name of its new sponsor, Vinery, a local Thoroughbred breeding operation.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by an owner:

</doc>
<doc id="20416264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416264" title="George Timmins">
George Timmins

George Timmins was an English footballer who played at left-half.
Career.
Timmins was born in West Bromwich. He played for George Salter's Works before joining West Bromwich Albion. He played in three consecutive FA Cup Finals for Albion, leaving in 1891 to join Old Hill Wanderers.

</doc>
<doc id="20416268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416268" title="Twin Valley High School">
Twin Valley High School

Twin Valley High School can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20416281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416281" title="North Las Vegas Police Department">
North Las Vegas Police Department

The North Las Vegas Police Department (NLVPD) is the police department of the City of North Las Vegas in Clark County in southern Nevada. 
Although North Las Vegas and Las Vegas are part of the same metropolitan area, share city limit boundaries, and are within Clark County, NLVPD is not part of the larger Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department.
History.
As of 2008, NLVPD provided law enforcement services to an area of and a population of approximately 235,479 citizens. As of October 2008 NLVPD had 458 commissioned personnel (Police and Detention Officers) and 381 civilian support personnel. The agency grew rapidly, adding 150 officers during the period 2006-2009. However, the number of personnel has been reduced by the financial crisis that began in 2009.
In 2004 NLVPD created a website to promote recruiting, JoinNLVPD.com. [http://www.JoinNLVPD.com]
Structure.
The Department is led by a chief of police, who reports to the city manager.
Under the chief are four subordinate captains who run day-to day department operations in three bureaus: Operations (2), Investigations, and Detention Services. Administrative Services are managed by a civilian deputy director.
The Special Assignments Unit (SAU) includes the Public Communications Office (public information officer, recruiting), and Field Training and Evaluation Program (FTEP). The SAU is supervised by a sworn police supervisor who reports to the Chief of Police.
In popular culture.
The Department has been portrayed in reality television programs such as "Fugitive Strike Force" and "COPS". It was also the inspiration for the short-lived television series "Nasty Boys".

</doc>
<doc id="20416291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416291" title="Henry C. Wayne">
Henry C. Wayne

Henry Constantine Wayne (September 18, 1815 – March 15, 1883) was an United States Army officer, and is known for his commanding the expedition to test the U.S. Camel Corps as part of Secretary of War Jefferson Davis's plan to use camels as a transport in the West. Wayne was also a Confederate adjutant and inspector-general for Georgia and a brigadier general during the American Civil War.
Early life and career.
Henry Wayne was the son of U.S. Supreme Court Justice James Moore Wayne. He graduated from West Point in 1838 and joined the artillery as a second lieutenant. Later in that year Wayne participated in the Aroostook War over the boundary of Maine. In 1841, he became the assistant instructor of artillery and cavalry at West Point where he remained for two years. Henry became a first lieutenant in 1842. When the United States declared war on Mexico, Wayne joined the troops to fight. He was brevetted a major for his bravery at the Battles of Contreras and Churubusco.
U.S. Camel Corps.
After the Mexican-American War, Henry Wayne befriended George H. Crosman. Crossman brought up his idea of using camels for transportation of people and supplies in the West. Wayne relayed this idea to Senator Jefferson Davis, and when Davis became Secretary of War on 1853, he had Congress pass a bill to experiment with the camels. Wayne was chosen to lead an expedition to the Middle East to purchase $30,000 worth of camels. The group sailed to London on the USS "Supply" to examine camels in zoos. They then journeyed to Italy and met Grand Duke Leopold II to see his 250 camels that were said to be able to do the work of 1000 horses. They then purchased thirty-three camels: three in Tunisia, nine in Egypt, and twenty-one in Turkey. When the group arrived back, they experimented with the animals in the deserts of the western United States. Forty-one more camels would arrive later to join the corps. Congress, on the request of the Department of War, proposed a bill to buy 1,000 more camels, but the start of the Civil War quickly ended the debate . The experiments were also ended with the start of the Civil War, and the remaining camels were either sold or released into the wild.
Civil War service.
Wayne resigned his commission after receiving the results of Abraham Lincoln's victory for president. He joined the Confederate Army and was appointed the adjutant and inspector-general of Georgia by Governor Joseph E. Brown, where he was responsible for putting the army of Georgia into order in companies, regiments, and brigades. On December 16, 1861, Wayne was commissioned a brigadier general. Through his orders, the men of Georgia guarded the crossings of Chattahoochee River. After being ordered to Manassas, Virginia, Wayne resigned his commission as a brigadier general and he instead just stuck to his duties as adjutant and inspector-general until the end of the war. Although, he did briefly see action during the Savannah Campaign (Sherman's March to the Sea). He commanded Confederate troops at the Battle of Ball's Ferry November 23-26, 1864. In this action, he was unsuccessful in stopping Union forces from crossing the Oconee River in Wilkinson County, GA.
Awards and books.
Wayne received the "First Class Gold Medal of Mammal Division by the Société impériale zoologique d'acclimatation" of France in 1858 for his introduction of the camel into the United States. In 1856 he wrote "The Sword Exercise, arranged for Military Instruction".

</doc>
<doc id="20416331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416331" title="Azriel Graeber">
Azriel Graeber

Azriel Graeber is a freelance journalist, scholar, PhD and founder of the Jewish Scholarship Society. He is also known under his pen name, "Azriel Radifker". He has contributed to several journals, periodicals and newspapers ranging on many topics. His organization which is a branch of his journalistic interests, actively attempts to bridge several sectors of Judaism together.
Biography.
Graeber, born in 1948 is the second child born to Holocaust survivors. He wrote about his experience as the child of survivors in an essay published in Louis Finkelstein Quarterly (Fall 1978). He describes the sensitivity that he fostered for all victims of oppression under governmental abuses of power. 
In 1974 he was awarded a PhD from Dropsie College in Jewish history for his study on the ability of building a historical narative of the Jewish people based on questions posed to Jewish law deciders from the 12th century to today. A main focus of his thesis was on the responsa of Rabad of Posquières, later to be the subject of a book by Isadore Twersky of Harvard. He also received a B.Th from Derech Ayson Seminary.
From 1999 through 2003 he served as director of The Tri-State Jewish Community Council. He was also on the directors board of the Bal Teshuva Halfway House of New York, and is currently the president of The Jewish Scholarship Society.
Graeber has never retained any formal teaching positions, although he was listed as holder of the Akiba and Sara Gurtner Chair of Jewish Studies at Touro College for the scholastic year of 1992. His absence was due to his contracting an obscure psychological disorder, Capgras Syndrome. He regularly submits papers to various Jewish and secular journals for publication.
After a trip to Israel in 1997 he authored an essay on the need for the inclusion of Yiddishist principles into the fabric of Orthodox Jewish life. He wrote:
The article was highly controversial and much debate ensued. The debate within the Jewish community led Graeber to found the Jewish Scholarship Society.
The JSS.
The Jewish Scholarship Society, also known as (in Yiddish) Der Yiddisher Gelerntkeit Gelzelshaft, according to its mission statement is to "mesh together Yiddishist principles with an active Jewish lifestyle". The organizations headquarters in Lawrence, New York houses a vast library. The libraries holdings include several antique items of significant historical importance as well as books ranging on topics from the Social Sciences to biographies on notable Jewish personalities. 
It was founded in 1997 in New York. Its member base now exceeds 4,500, with members from several different countries and backgrounds. All prospective members must provide proof of their Orthodoxy with their application.
Scholarship.
Graeber, as freelance journalist and scholar has written on many topics, mainly within the scope of Jewish studies. He has been published in most Jewish newspapers, as well as on several on-line news sources. He has also been published in secular journals. Subjects of his writing have included graphology, rabbinical history, dangerous animals and several works of fiction. His most recent essay, "Eybeschutz–Emden Controversy Alive And Well", appeared this past March.
Several notable essays include: "The Spanish Cholov Yisroel Controversy of 1763 and its effects on the Jews of Barcelona", "Slobodka Yeshiva: Myth or Musser", "How Hungarian Jews have ruined American Judaism: A Complete History" and "West Side vs. East Side: Two communities. One park".
His article "How Hungarian Jews have ruined American Judaism: A Complete History" won the Rabbi Solomon Schechter Literary Award, and was published in March 1983 in "Rabbi Louis Finkelstein Quarterly". Other awards include the annually awarded Chazon Ish Grant for his contribution to the study of the prohibitions involved in Amirah L'Otzmoi.
He is currently working on his first book, tentatively titled "The Dewey Decimal System's Jewish Inventors".

</doc>
<doc id="20416337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416337" title="1925–26 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1925–26 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

1925–26 Huddersfield Town F.C. season saw Town become the first team in English football to achieve the hat-trick of 1st Division championships. Under the leadership of Cecil Potter, Town finished 5 points clear of Arsenal, now managed by Herbert Chapman.
Review.
Following the sudden resignation of Herbert Chapman, who joined Arsenal as their new manager, Town brought in Cecil Potter to steer the ship. Town continued their brilliant run of form with Charlie Wilson and George Brown being joined in the strikeforce department by Chapman's last signing Alex Jackson. Unfortunately injury cost Wilson his season and he moved to Stoke City by the end of the season. However, George Cook joined Jackson and Brown up front and between them scored 65 of Town's 92 league goals during the season.
They won their 3rd title with 2 games remaining after beating Bolton Wanderers 3-0 at Leeds Road with goals from Jackson, Billy Smith and Clem Stephenson. They finished 5 points clear of Chapman's Arsenal. That success was commemorated with a special trophy that has only been copied on 3 occasions for Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20416343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416343" title="Bedřich Moldan">
Bedřich Moldan

Bedřich Moldan (born August 15, 1935, Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech ecologist, publicist and politician.
Moldan is professor of environmental science, founder and director of the Charles University Environment Center. From 2001 to 2004 coordinating lead author of Millennium Ecosystem Assessment.
From 1990 to 1991, Bedřich Moldan was the first Minister of Environment of the Czech Republic, then part of Czechoslovakia. He is a founding member of the Civic Democratic Party. In 2004 he was elected to the Senate of the Czech Republic.
In 2010 he received the SCOPE-Zhongyu Environmental Award for lifetime achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="20416363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416363" title="Havoc &amp; Prodeje">
Havoc &amp; Prodeje

Havoc & Prodeje was a West Coast rap duo consisting of South Central Cartel members, Havoc and Prodeje. The duo came together during the peak of South Central Cartel's popularity in 1993 releasing "Livin' in a Crime Wave" on the Def Jam label, but the album failed to make it to the charts. They would then release 1994's "Kickin' Game" and 1997's "Truez Neva Stop", but the duo failed to match the early success of South Central Cartel. One of their songs, "The Hood's Got Me Feelin' The Pain," featured on the soundtrack to the 1995 horror film "Tales from the Hood".

</doc>
<doc id="20416370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416370" title="Michel Duc-Goninaz">
Michel Duc-Goninaz

Michel Duc Goninaz (born 6 September 1933 in Paris) is known worldwide for his 2002 revision of "La Plena Ilustrita Vortaro de Esperanto" ("Complete illustrated Esperanto dictionary").
A member of the World Esperanto Youth Organization (TEJO) during the 1950s, he served as co-editor of "La Folieto," distributed mainly among young Esperantists of Île-de-France. In 1956 he married Arlette Lecourtois. He played a role in the 1964 Esperanto-language feature film "Angoroj".
Notably, he compiled "Vocabulaire Espéranto (Laŭtema esperanta franca vortareto)", a thematic French-Esperanto dictionary published by Ophrys in 1971 (2nd edition, 1990), and he adapted Alexander Pushkin's play "The Stone Guest" into Esperanto as "La Ŝtona Gasto". He also translated "The Stranger" by Albert Camus and "Dream Story" by Arthur Schnitzler into Esperanto.
For many years he was a lecturer in Russian and Esperanto at the University of Provence (Aix-Marseille). Duc Goninaz is now a lecturer at the International Academy of Sciences in San Marino and is a regular contributing editor to the Esperanto-language monthly magazine "Monato".
In 2002, he and Claude Roux updated and revised "La Plena Ilustrita Vortaro de Esperanto", a monolingual reference dictionary of Esperanto by Gaston Waringhien that had originally been published in 1976. In 2002 the journal "La Ondo de Esperanto" named Duc Goninaz as Esperantist of the Year in recognition of his work as chief editor for the dictionary revision. Another revised edition (2005) corrected numerous typographical errors, many of which had been noted by Esperanto grammarian and lexicographer Bertilo Wennergren.

</doc>
<doc id="20416372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416372" title="Morgan Smith">
Morgan Smith

Morgan Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20416401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416401" title="Yevgenya-class minesweeper">
Yevgenya-class minesweeper

The "Yevgenia" class are a group of minesweepers built for the Soviet Navy and export customers between 1967 and 1980. The Soviet designation was "Project 1258 Korund".
Design.
These were small minehunters built for inshore work. The hulls were constructed of glass-reinforced plastic.

</doc>
<doc id="20416425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416425" title="Saarbrücken Hauptbahnhof">
Saarbrücken Hauptbahnhof

Saarbrücken Hauptbahnhof is the principal railway station in the German city of Saarbrücken and the largest station in the Saarland, a German state on the border with France. Around 10 million passengers use the station annually. The station is operated by DB Station&Service as a category 2 station, served by regional and long-distance trains.
History.
Saarbrücken's main station was opened on 16 November 1852 as St Johann-Saarbrücken. The present city of Saarbrücken emerged later from the amalgamation of (old)Saarbrücken, St Johann, Malstatt and St. Arnual. The station was on the Saarbrücken railway, which ran from Bexbach via Neunkirchen (Saar) and Stieringen to the French Eastern Railway. The 56 metre long, 13.50 metre wide sandstone building was between the two tracks with access by an underpass, there being, unusually for that time, no track crossing.
As the railway facilities continued to grow, so the station building was also enlarged. In 1891/1893 a station entrance building with two striking towers was erected in front of the tunnel, and in 1908 there were plans to build a completely new station building. This was to begin in 1914, but the outbreak of the First World War put paid to the plans. In 1932, Saarbrücken handled 453 daily arrivals and departures, of which 51 were express trains, the second-largest number of trains on the Reichsbahn, after Leipzig. After the reannexation of the Saarland in 1935, plans for a new station restarted in earnest. This was to be completed by 1941, but again the war prevented them coming to fruition.
In the Second World War 80% of the railway facilities in Saarbrücken were destroyed. Of the entrance building only the two towers remained, and other buildings like the locomotive shed ("Bahnbetriebswerk") were totally destroyed. In the station yard there was not a single through track left. Under US direction, today's track 19 was provisionally restored. Over this track the US troops ran their supply trains towards Neunkirchen-Bexbach-Homburg under their own management and running on sight.
The two towers of the entrance building were linked in 1952 by a flat-roofed building and this formed a temporary structure for many years thereafter. In the 1960s fresh plans were made for a new reception and administrative building. The first sod was turned on 27 June 1963 by the Mayor of Saarbrücken, Fritz Schuster, and the President of the Bundesbahn railway division, Alois Meyer. In the same year the remains of the old entrance building were removed. In September 1967 the new 120-metre-long, 26-metre-high building was inaugurated. On the two-storey-high ground floor were the main hall, luggage check-in, shops and a restaurant; on the upper floors of the seven-storey building were the computer centre, medical services, offices and staff canteen.
In February 1960 electric train services began on the Forbach-Homburg.
In 1977 work on a thorough modernisation was begun. Amongst other things the platforms were raised to a height of 760 mm. In order to create space for more through tracks, the first station building from 1852, the so-called 'island building', was demolished between 18 September 1978 and March 1979.
Saarbrücken 21.
The Eurobahnhof (or Eurostation) is the name for the "Saarbrücken 21" project to modernise the station. The existing station and surrounding land was rebuilt. In June 2007 an important milestone during the work was passed with the opening of the Paris-Eastern France-Southern Germany (POS) high-speed route, with its branches to Stuttgart and Frankfurt, the latter from Saarbrücken.
Key changes included a new southern façade for the station building, a newly designed entrance hall and pedestrian underpass, new lifts and a new access to the station from the north from the district of Rodenhof. The costs of about €31 million were divided between the state capital of Saarbrücken, the Saarland and Deutsche Bahn AG.
The extensive network of tracks north of the station was largely removed; east of the station tracks were relaid in a different layout and modernised. New train maintenance and storage facilities were constructed within a relatively compact space. The area freed up is intended to be used for car parking and a new industrial estate, the "Eurostation Estate" or "Quartier Eurobahnhof". The construction of access roads to the site and attracting business are proving to be protracted processes, and will take a long time yet. The large "Servicepoint" (tickets and catering) set up by DB AG at the north entrance was closed after a short time due to lack of customers.
The first sod was tured on 5 May 2006 and the official opening ceremony of the modernised station took place on 15 December 2007. A year later, however, the station was still not ready; containerised shops and building materials cluttered the station forecourt, and rats were also frequently seen there, much to the consternation of the local population and passengers.
Reception Hall/ City Entrance.
Now that it has become a Eurostation, Saarbrücken Hauptbahnhof opens onto the city and the pedestrian zone (Reichsstrasse/Bahnhofstrasse) via a large reception hall. This has rows of shops on two floors which sell everyday fare and popular goods. The shops include a supermarket, fast-food restaurant, newsagents and stationers, tobacconists, florists and more), the DB Service Point, the DB/Ameropa travel centre and a terminal with DB ticket machines.
In front of the city entrance is the large station forecourt, mostly traffic-free, numerous bicycle stands and the four-track "Hauptbahnhof" tram stop of the Saarbrücken Stadtbahn ("Saarbahn"), from which runs290 services per day to France/Kleinblittersdorf/Südstadt/Innenstadt and Riegelsberg/Nordstadt. Hundreds of town and regional buses also stop here.
Pedestrian tunnel / Lower level.
All 16 platforms are accessible via the fully renovated pedestrian tunnel and via the "Osttunnel". This is about 100 metres long and climbs gently from the City entrance hall to the new North entrance in the district of Rodenhof, and is decorated in plain blue and white shades of colour.
All the platforms are barrier-free and apart from platforms 1-3 are each accessible by lift, escalator and stairs; platforms 1-3 are accessible by staircase and lift.
North terminal / Rodenhof north exit.
Together with the renovation and rebuilding work as part of the "Saarbrücken 21" ("Eurobahnhof") project, the pedestrian tunnel, which previously ended at platform  16, and to about 2001 at platform 22, was extended into the district of Rodenhof. There a new entrance was built, the North Terminal, which connects to a new Park & Ride area with several hundred spaces; a direct connexion to the "Ludwigsbergkreisel" and from there to the A 1, A 620 and A 623 motorways is planned. If required the DB-Servicepoint may be opened again.
Platforms.
The platforms (apart from the tram lines in front of the City entrance) are about 20 metres above the pedestrian tunnel that links the two station entrances. The tracks are numbered 1–16, of which only ten are used for passenger trains; these are numbers 1-3, 5-6, 8, 11-12, 14 and 16. The other tracks are for other railway operations or no longer exist. Amongst the ten tracks used for passenger services are six through tracks, that are used by trains passing through Saarbrücken, and four bay platforms (2, 6, 8, 11), at which train services begin or terminate.
Traffic connexions.
Long-distance services.
Since December 2007 Saarbrücken Hbf has been on the German high-speed railway network and an arrival and departure gateway for the cross-border ICE trains between Paris and Frankfurt. In addition, long-distance trains run to Dresden, Stuttgart and Salzburg.
Local services.
Saarbrücken Hauptbahnhof is the main hub for regional railway services in the Saarland. With few exceptions, Saarland local services begin and terminate at Saarbrücken Hbf.
Stadtbahn services.
The Saarbahn "Stadtbahn" lines of the Saarbrücken transport company "Saarbahn&Bus" run from the four tram platforms on the station forecourt
Trams run every 7.5 minutes on the inner city line between Brebach and Siedlerheim in both directions, every 15 minutes to Kleinblittersdorf and Riegelsberg-Süd and every 30 minutes to Saargemünd.
Occasionally the Messe line runs services to exhibitions or special events at the exhibition centre ("Messezentrum") in Saarbrücken (the last occasion was German Catholic Day in 2006).
If the inner-city route may not be used, the replacement line S9 is used.
The line runs on a platform 8 at the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20416426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416426" title="Independence Blue Cross">
Independence Blue Cross

Independence Blue Cross (IBC) is a health insurer based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the United States. IBC is the largest health insurer in the Philadelphia area, serving more than two million people in the region and seven million nationwide.
Employing more than 7,000 people, the company serves the health needs of the region by offering a wide variety of health plans, including managed care, traditional indemnity insurance, Medicare, and Medicaid. Its network of health care providers includes nearly 160 area hospitals and more than 42,000 physicians and other health care professionals.
IBC is an independent licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association.
Company history.
IBC began in 1938 as the Associated Hospital Service of Philadelphia and offered the first prepaid hospitalization plan in the region. Philadelphia Mayor S. Davis Wilson enrolled as the first member, and Independence Hall became the first employer group to purchase coverage.
By the end of its first year, the company had more than 160,000 members. By 1958, it employed 600 people and contracted with 94 hospitals. In 1964, the company changed its name to Blue Cross of Greater Philadelphia and in 1988, began doing business as Independence Blue Cross. 
In 2013, IBC celebrates 75 years in business.
Social mission.
Since its inception, IBC has demonstrated a commitment to social responsibility and community involvement. Each year, it supports community education, sponsorships, and philanthropy, including a variety of programs and activities that help make health insurance more affordable to nearly 166,000 southeastern Pennsylvania residents. 
In October 2011, IBC launched a private, charitable foundation — the Independence Blue Cross Foundation — with the mission to transform health care through innovation in the communities it serves.
Blue Crew.
The Blue Crew Corporate Volunteer Program is an employee volunteer program that serves as an extension of the IBC social mission. Its mission is to strengthen IBC’s role as a leader in community service through volunteer projects that contribute to the well-being of the people in the Philadelphia region.
In 2011, more than 2,900 IBC employees volunteered more than 8,300 hours of community service to 163 projects. The events included both one-time and ongoing activities.
Signature Events.
Blue Cross Broad Street Run.
Each spring, IBC serves as the title sponsor for the Blue Cross Broad Street Run in which thousands of runners race down Broad Street through the heart of Philadelphia before crossing the finish line at the historic Philadelphia Navy Yard. Run proceeds support the American Cancer Society and its life-saving research efforts.  The event is the largest 10-miler in the country.
In 2013, IBC organized “From Philly to Boston with Love,” a region-wide initiative to show unified support and garner donations for those affected by the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.  In an effort to honor victims, their families, and the city of Boston, tens of thousands of runners and spectators at the 2013 Blue Cross Broad Street Run wore "From Philly to Boston with Love" stickers over their hearts on the day of the event.
National Walk@Lunch Day.
Every April, thousands of people hit the streets of Philadelphia and surrounding communities to turn a working lunch into a walking lunch. IBC hosts the country’s largest National Walk@Lunch Day event, an initiative spearheaded nationally by the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association.
Step Out: Walk to Stop Diabetes.
IBC is the local presenting sponsor for the American Diabetes Association's signature fund-raising walk. Every October, teams of IBC associates and community members help make Philadelphia’s event one of the largest and highest-grossing Step Out walks in the country.
Blue Cross RiverRink.
IBC is the presenting sponsor of the Blue Cross RiverRink, a winter skating tradition since 1993. With the Philadelphia skyline as a backdrop, people of all ages enjoy public skating sessions and other family friendly activities from November through March.
Innovation and investment.
IBC actively invests in innovative health care solutions and start-ups, aiming to transform the Philadelphia region into “a national magnet for healthcare innovation, investment, and employment”.
IBX Game Changers Challenge.
In 2012, IBC introduced the IBX Game Changers challenge to inspire innovation in health care.  The six-week competition drew more than 150 applications, and three winning start-ups received $50,000 grants from IBC.
DreamIt Health.
DreamIt Health is the first-ever Philadelphia-based health care accelerator, launched in December 2012 by IBC and Penn Medicine.  The initiative was a nationwide search for unique health care start-ups who apply technology to the challenges of keeping people healthy and providing more effective and affordable interventions at the point of care. 10 start-ups received stipends and professional coaching.
Subsidiaries and affiliates.
In addition to health care benefits, IBC offers specialized services and managed care expertise through its affiliates and subsidiaries.

</doc>
<doc id="20416437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416437" title="Steroid rosacea">
Steroid rosacea

Steroid induced rosacea is an iatrogenic condition (induced by the physician or patient) from the use of either systemic steroid or topical steroids. It is nearly identical to steroid induced acne from the standpoint of etiology.
Etiology.
Steroid induced rosacea can be caused by the prolonged used of a topical steroid on the face. Topical steroid comes in 7 different strengths (Some countries use 4 categories). Class I is superpotent, and class VII is very weak. Usually, any categories of steroids over class VI can induce rosacea with prolonged use. The presentation is typically of inflammatory acne lesions consisting of pustules, papules, and cysts. The patient often admits to the daily use of a topical steroid, often being under the advisement of a physician. Examination of the pustules often revealed inflammatory cells, and in many cases, numerous motile demodex mites.
Treatment.
Treatment often involve the gradual weaning off the topical steroid, and the use of a systemic antiinflammatory antibiotic. If the patient is using a strong topical steroid, he or she is weaned to a weaker class VI or VII steroid. Usually they are to use the substitute steroid daily, then only on weekends, then stop completely. The facial dermatitis and discomfort often worsen when they stop the offending steroid. The oral antibiotic will decrease the inflammatory nature of the lesions. The antibiotic of choice is usually a tetracycline antibiotic. Additionally, Tacrolimus combined with oral antibiotics has proven to speed up the recovery process. 
Prevention.
Physicians need to be aware of the danger of topical steroids. Only mild steroids should be applied to the face. The use of the topical steroid should be limited to the condition. Alternate week therapy or 3 consecutive days a week therapy is better than continuous therapy in preventing steroid induced rosacea. Only the mildest topical steroid should be used on the face if a condition warrants such use. The use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs does not necessary prevent steroid induced rosacea. Similar conditions have been seen with both Elidel and Protopic, possibly from immunosuppression and demodex or bacterial growth.
References.
Steroid Rosacea

</doc>
<doc id="20416453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416453" title="Gambro">
Gambro

Gambro is a global medical technology company
that manufactures products for Dialysis treatment.
The company is a global leader in developing, manufacturing and
supplying products and therapies for Kidney
and Liver Dialysis, Myeloma Kidney Therapy, and other
extracorporeal therapies for Chronic and Acute patients.
Gambro was founded in Lund, Sweden in 1964 by Holger
Crafoord and has approx. 8,000 employees, production
facilities in 9 countries, and sales in more than
100 countries.
In September 2013, Baxter Intl. completed its acquisition of Gambro.
History.
Professor Nils Alwall invented one of the first artificial kidneys in 1961. Three years later he met industrialist and businessman Holger Crafoord who was impressed by Alwall’s invention and felt compelled to develop and market this life-saving innovation.
The development of single-use artificial kidneys began in Lund, Sweden and mass production started in 1967 with the “Ad-modum-Alwall” dialyzer. The company adopted the name Gambro, which is the abbreviation of the original Swedish company name: “Gamla Brogatans Sjukvårdsaffär Aktiebolag". Roughly translated, this means “The Old Bridge Street Medical Supplies Company". The company’s first plant outside Sweden was built in Hechingen, Germany in the 1970s. In 1983, Gambro became listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange. On April 3, 2006, Indap AB, joint-owned by Swedish investment companies EQT and Investor AB, announced a public cash offer to the shareholders of Gambro to acquire all outstanding shares in the company. The new ownership structure of Gambro became effective in June 2006.
In recent decades, Gambro’s range of products and therapies has grown - through the introduction of new products, as well as several acquisitions, such as Hospal in 1987, COBE in 1990, Teraklin in 2004 and the latest addition of CHF Solutions Inc. in 2010. CHF Solutions designs and manufactures therapies and products for treating fluid overload by means of ultrafiltration.
In July 2013, Baxter International’s bid for Gambro was approved by EU antitrust regulators.
Organization.
Gambro has production facilities in 9 countries. The company’s newest plant is a manufacturing facility in Opelika, Alabama, USA which started production in 2009. The largest manufacturing facility is located in Hechingen, Germany, employing approx. 1,380 people.
The company says it focuses on bringing new innovative products and therapies to the market and today owns the rights to more than 1800 patents. Gambro has 350 R&D employees in 4 locations all over Europe.
The company has offices and representatives in more than 100 countries. Around 350,000 chronic renal disease patients are treated with Gambro products every year; this is approximately one quarter of all dialysis patients worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20416475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416475" title="Twin Valley High School (Pennsylvania)">
Twin Valley High School (Pennsylvania)

Twin Valley High School is a public secondary school in the Twin Valley School District located in Caernarvon Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania near the borough of Elverson in Chester County.
Classes and Programs.
Twin Valley offers a variety of classes to suit most students educational goals. There are several AP courses offered at the high school, specialty classes in engineering, education, agriculture, as well as internship opportunities:
Project Lead the Way.
Project lead the way is an engineering program for high school students.
Peer Tutoring.
Peer tutoring is a program unique to Twin Valley that provides responsible seniors with the opportunity to help teach if they are interested in entering the field of education.

</doc>
<doc id="20416484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416484" title="Vilma Sindona Eichholz">
Vilma Sindona Eichholz

Vilma Sindona Eichholz (1926 - July 15, 1995) was a German-born Canadian Esperantist, teacher, and vice president of the Canadian Esperanto Association. She and her husband, Rüdiger Eichholz, were responsible for the propagation of Esperanto in Canada.
Life.
Eichholz was born in 1926 in a German-controlled area of Silesia. After fleeing Silesia at the end of World War II, she met Rüdiger Eichholz in western Germany and married him. In the early 1950s, the pair emigrated to Canada. They had three children, who they raised as native Esperanto speakers.
In 1979, Eichholz travelled to Sri Lanka and published a 12-page booklet about her experiences: "Impresoj de esperantistino en Srilanko" ("Impressions of an Esperantist in Sri Lanka") (Ontario, 1979). She was probably the first foreign Esperantist to visit the island nation. Her work there led to the birth of the Sri Lankan Esperanto movement and the Sri Lankan Esperanto Center in Nugegoda, which was founded by her student Daniel Balasingham Jesudason.
In the 1990s, after the dissolution of the Soviet Union, she taught Esperanto in Kaliningrad, among other places.
She died of cancer on July 15, 1995 in Bailieboro, Ontario.
Works.
Eichholz designed "En Novan Mondon" ("Into a New World") (1984), a complex Esperanto course for childrenu using the Cseh method. She also wrote an English-language brochure on equitable bilingualism in Canada (1982), collaborated with her husband Rüdiger Eichholz in compiling the extensive anthology "Esperanto in the Modern World" (1982), and created instructional card games. She supported her husband's work on glossaries, revising, for example, the rough draft of the "Esperanta Bildvortaro" ("Esperanto Picture Dictionary") (1988). She also worked on neologisms and sexism in Esperanto, and supported her husband with respect to the publications of Esperanto Press.
She was a lifelong member of the Universala Esperanto-Asocio and a delegate on gardening.

</doc>
<doc id="20416538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416538" title="Lucien Caron">
Lucien Caron

Lucien Caron (February 10, 1929 – September 29, 2003) was a Canadian politician. He was a Liberal member of the National Assembly of Quebec from 1970 to 1985, representing the riding of Verdun.
He was a city councillor in Verdun, Quebec (today part of Montreal) from 1966 to 1977, and mayor from 1977 to 1985. He was first elected to the National Assembly in the 1970 Quebec general election, and was re-elected in 1973, 1976, and 1981. He did not run for re-election in 1985.
He was the uncle of Jocelyne Caron, who was also a member of the National Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20416550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416550" title="George Woodhall">
George Woodhall

George 'Spry' Woodhall (5 September 1863 – 29 September 1924) was an English footballer, who played most of his career with West Bromwich Albion, helping them to reach three consecutive FA Cup finals, including winning the cup in 1888.
Woodhall was born in West Bromwich and, after playing for West Bromwich All Saints and Churchfield Foresters, joined West Bromwich Albion in May 1883. He was a member of the West Bromwich team that reached the 1886 and 1887 cup finals, going out 2–0 to Blackburn Rovers (in a replay) and Aston Villa respectively.
In 1888, West Bromwich reached the final for the third consecutive year, when they met favourites, Preston North End at the Kennington Oval on 24 March 1888. Woodhall scored the winning goal with thirteen minutes remaining, when the West Bromwich forwards outjumped Preston's defence and Woodhall pounced on the rebound, turning sharply to steer the ball between the posts, thus enabling his team to claim the first of their five FA Cup victories.
Woodhall represented England twice, making his debut against Wales on 4 February 1888, when he scored the third goal in a 5–1 victory. Woodhall's goal was England's 100th international goal. He also played in the next match against Scotland which was won 5–0; the following month, England defeated Ireland 5–1 (although Woodhall was not selected, his place on the right wing going to his West Bromwich team-mate Billy Bassett) to claim the 1888 British Home Championship convincingly.

</doc>
<doc id="20416553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416553" title="Martin Haase">
Martin Haase

Martin Haase (born October 25, 1962) is a German linguistics professor at the University of Bamberg. During extended sojourns outside Germany he has studied many languages, especially local or dialectal variations. Besides extensive contributions to his university's curriculum, he regularly arranges open linguistic colloquia where anyone interested in linguistic subjects is welcome.
Education.
After secondary school graduation from Helene-Lange-Gymnasium (Dortmund, 1982), Haase studied general linguistics, Romance languages and historical and comparative linguistics at the Universities of Toulouse and Cologne, writing his 1991 Ph.D. thesis on language contact and language change: "Die Einflüsse des Gaskognischen und Französischen auf das Baskische" ("The influences of Gascon (Occitan) and French on the Basque language").
After further study at the University of Hamburg in 1992, Haase worked as an assistant professor at the University of Osnabrück. In 1997 he earned his habilitation with a second thesis, "Dialektdynamik in Mittelitalien: Sprachveränderungsprozesse im umbrischen Apenninenraum" ("Dialectal dynamics in central Italy: Language evolution in the Umbrian Apennines"). He subsequently took professorships at the Albert Ludwig University of Freiburg, the Free University of Berlin and the Berlin Institute of Technology ("Technische Universität Berlin").
In 2001 he became a professor at the University of Bremen. The following year he accepted the Chair in Romance Linguistics at the University of Bamberg, where he has taught ever since.
Volunteer activities.
Haase is committed to open source and open content projects. He is a Wikipedia author who served as a member of Wikimedia Germany's advisory board (2005–2007); he did not stand for re-election. Living mainly in Berlin, he is a member of the Chaos Computer Club, having served since 2009 as its board representative to the experience exchange groups (Erfahrungsaustauschkreise). Since 2009 he has also been a member of the Pirate party; the party supports government transparency, a right to information privacy and an end to genetic patents and Internet censorship in Germany but has no seats in the Bundestag.
Esperanto movement.
As an undergraduate student Haase learned the international planned language Esperanto. He was active in the Esperanto youth group "Germana Esperanto-Junularo", acting in an amateur theatrical group called Kia koincido ("What a coincidence"), and serving as its national chair from 1988 to 1990. Today he is director of the German Esperanto Institute and an associate member of the International Academy of Sciences, San Marino, where the main working language is Esperanto.
Other linguistic interests.
Haase is a polyglot; he speaks German, English, French, Italian, Spanish, Basque and Esperanto, as well as the Catalan and Occitan. He is also able to read Latin, Ancient Greek, Sanskrit, Gothic, Dutch, Romanian, Russian, Maltese, Swahili and Sāmoan, and to communicate using German Sign Language ("Deutsche Gebärdensprache", DGS).

</doc>
<doc id="20416589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416589" title="Flood Control Act of 1937">
Flood Control Act of 1937

The Flood Control Act of 1937 (FCA 1937) was an Act of the United States Congress signed into law by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on August 28, 1937 as Public Law 406, in response to major flooding throughout the United States in the 1930s, culminating with the "Super Flood" of January 1937, the greatest flood recorded on the lower Ohio River. FCA 1937 provided nearly $25 million for initial construction of projects selected by the Chief of Engineers from those listed in the Ohio Valley Flood Control Program (published as Flood Document No. 1, 75th congress, 1st Session). Among the numerous project authorized, the act provided for construction of floodwalls, levees, and revetments along Wolf River and Nonconnah Creek for protection of Memphis, TN and modified the Yazoo River project to substitute a combined reservoir floodway and levee plan.
Section 2 authorized small clearing and snagging projects for flood control, limited in Federal cost per project (50 Stat. 877, 33 U.S.C. 7Olg). 
FCA 1937 was subsequently amended on Many of the provisions of FCA 1937 are administered by the United States Army Corps of Engineers.

</doc>
<doc id="20416598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416598" title="Zhenya-class minesweeper">
Zhenya-class minesweeper

The Zhenya class were a group of three minesweepers built for the Soviet Navy in the late 1960s.
The ships were a glass-reinforced plastic (GRP) hulled version of the Vanya class minesweeper
Three ships were built:

</doc>
<doc id="20416599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416599" title="Musashi-Sunagawa Station">
Musashi-Sunagawa Station

Lines.
The station is served by the Seibu Haijima Line.
Station layout.
The station consists of two side platforms serving two tracks.
History.
Musashi-Sunagawa Station opened on 12 December 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20416602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416602" title="Reinhard Haupenthal">
Reinhard Haupenthal

Reinhard Haupenthal (born February 17, 1945) is a German Esperantist, Volapükist (or Volapükologist), translator, and linguist. Donald J. Harlow described Haupenthal's personal style in a warning to potential readers of Haupenthal's translation of Goethe's "Young Werther": "the vocabulary used by Haupenthal is far from standard, and at times the Esperanto verges on the incomprehensible."

</doc>
<doc id="20416649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416649" title="Harry Green (footballer)">
Harry Green (footballer)

Harold Green (19 January 1860 – May 1900) was an English footballer who played at both right and left full-back.
Career.
Green was born in West Bromwich. He played for George Salter's Works before joining West Bromwich Albion. He played in three successive FA Cup Finals for Albion, picking up runners-up medals in 1886 and 1887 and a winners medal in 1888 when Preston North End were defeated 2–1. He also played in Albion's first league game, a 2–0 win against Stoke in September 1888.
In 1891 Green left Albion to join Old Hill Wanderers. He died in West Bromwich in May 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="20416687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416687" title="Williamsport and North Branch Railroad">
Williamsport and North Branch Railroad

The Williamsport and North Branch Railroad was a short line that operated in north-central Pennsylvania between 1872 and 1937. After a long struggle to finance its construction, it was completed in 1893. It derived most of its freight revenue from logging and to a certain extent from anthracite coal traffic. It also carried many passengers to mountain resorts in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania. With the decline of the logging industry and increased accessibility of the region by automobile in the 1910s and 1920s, the railroad's business rapidly declined. The economic blow of the Great Depression proved insurmountable, and it was abandoned as unprofitable in 1937.
Muncy Creek Railway.
The railroad was originally chartered as the Muncy Creek Railway on May 21, 1864. It was intended to provide a railroad outlet for Laporte, the newly established county seat of Sullivan County, via the valley of Muncy Creek. Some surveying, and possibly even grading, was done, but the new corporation ran out of money around 1867 and remained quiescent for several years. Interest in the railroad did not resume until 1871, when the Catawissa Railroad, later part of the Reading system, completed its line up the east bank of the West Branch Susquehanna River, passing through Muncy and Halls. Muncy, near the mouth of Muncy Creek, was an established town and would have been the logical terminus of the railroad. However, residents of Muncy feared the railroad would compete with an existing plank road to Hughesville and refused it permission to enter the town. Accordingly, the railroad was built from Halls to Hughesville in 1872, but money for further work was again lacking. The railroad was extended to Picture Rocks in 1875 using wooden rails to save money. However, the wooden rails could not withstand the weight of trains and the extension was abandoned in early 1876. The Muncy Creek Railway continued to struggle along until 1881, when the bondholders petitioned to have it placed in receivership. It was foreclosed on August 9, 1882, and reorganized on September 1, 1882 as the Williamsport and North Branch Railroad.
Completion.
The new owners still intended to extend the railroad towards Laporte and the coalfield at Bernice, but this could only be accomplished in slow stages. The track from Halls to Hughesville was rebuilt to make up for the deferred maintenance of previous years, and in late 1883, construction north and east began again. The new line followed a different route from the unsuccessful wooden-railed extension, following the west side of Muncy Creek through Tivoli up to Glen Mawr, which was reached in 1884. There was a picnic grove at Tivoli which was the destination of summer excursions, and a stage connection to the resort of Eagles Mere, then called Lewis Lake.
Extension of the line continued. At Glen Mawr, the railroad crossed Muncy Creek and followed its east bank up to Sonestown, which it reached in 1885, and Nordmont, where it ended in October 1886. Here the railroad's expansion ceased again, but the sawmills and tanneries of the Muncy Valley provided the revenue to keep it solvent.
In the late 1880s, the Pennsylvania Railroad took an interest in the W&NB as a means of reaching the Bernice coalfields. The State Line and Sullivan Railroad, a subsidiary of the Lehigh Valley, had already reached the area,and the Bloomsburg and Sullivan Railroad, backed by the Reading interest, had been chartered in 1883 to reach Bernice from the south via Fishing Creek. The PRR backed a new syndicate which took over the W&NB in 1888, and named George Sanderson president. However, the PRR's interest in the W&NB quickly waned, especially after the Bloomsburg & Sullivan's construction halted in Jamison City, never to reach Bernice. The failure of Sanderson's bank in 1891 resulted in the transfer of his investment in the W&NB to his creditors, including John Satterfield; Satterfield now became vice-president and Henry C. McCormick president of the railroad. Satterfield was determined to complete the railroad, and after raising money and surveying, construction began in 1892. At Nordmont, the railroad crossed Muncy Creek on a horseshoe curve and began climbing up the other side of the valley, then turning up Deep Hollow and crossing over into the Loyalsock Creek watershed. The new line passed Lake Mokoma and Laporte and descended high on the east side of the Mill Creek valley, turning and descending along the Loyalsock to Ringdale. The line from Ringdale to the summit between Loyalsock and Muncy creeks was built on a 1% grade to facilitate handling heavy coal trains from Bernice. At Ringdale, the line crossed the Loyalsock on a high trestle, long, and ran up Birch Creek. The line forked at Birch Creek Junction, with one branch going up a tributary of Birch Creek to a junction with the State Line & Sullivan at Dohm's Summit, while another followed Birch Creek to join the State Line and Sullivan at Bernice.
The line was completed into Laporte in August 1893, and to Dohm's Summit in September. The latter was renamed Satterfield in honor of the promoter who had completed the W&NB. Construction of a depot at Satterfield began in October, but a dispute with the Lehigh Valley over property ownership resulted in its demolition, and it was relocated in November. The W&NB did obtain trackage rights over the State Line & Sullivan to Towanda for its passenger trains. The branch to Bernice was finished in 1894.
Business of the railroad.
The finished W&NB enjoyed considerable business, both passenger and freight. Along the southern portion of the line, three furniture factories operated in the lower Muncy Valley. Above Picture Rocks was the Lyon sawmill, the largest sawmill on Muncy Creek. Logs were floated down the creek to the mill, and it shipped finished lumber over the railroad. Smaller sawmills were common along the line north of Picture Rocks. Tanneries at Muncy Valley and Laporte came under the control of the Union Tanning Company (a subsidiary of the United States Leather Company) in 1893, using hemlock bark supplied by logging. In the late 1890s, a chemical company was built at Nordmont which made charcoal, acetic acid, and wood alcohol from wood. Attempts to develop Lake Mokoma for ice harvesting were largely unsuccessful. Finally, anthracite coal mined around Bernice supplied some of the railroad's freight traffic.
Passenger service was also important to the railroad's revenue. Several hotels around Highland Lake were connected by stage to the railroad's station at Chamouni (later renamed Essick and Tivoli). The opening of the narrow gauge Eagles Mere Railroad on July 1, 1892 provided additional passenger traffic. The narrow gauge interchanged with the W&NB at Sonestown, providing passenger service to the many hotels at the resort of Eagles Mere.
Prosperity.
Extension to the coal fields did not result in immediate prosperity. Despite an increase in traffic, the additional cost of extending the railroad resulted in interest charges that dragged the railroad down. McCormick resigned as president in 1896, and an economic downturn in 1897 brought the railroad into insolvency. The owners decided to sell out to a group of New York financiers and local businesspeople, and B. Harvey Welch, a native of Hughesville, became president. This transaction eliminated the bond interest and put the railroad back on a reasonably sound financial footing.
After 1900, a lime-burning business began to develop on the south end of the lime, using local limestone deposits and coal shipped south from Bernice. In 1901, the Eagles Mere Railroad was leased to the W&NB for $5,000 a year. This proved to be a fortunate decision, for in that same year, Union Tanning decided to log large tracts of forest to the north and west of the line. Charles W. Sones contracted to do the logging, and built a sawmill at Kettle Creek, and a logging railroad to connect it with Eagles Mere. The lumber was shipped down the Eagles Mere Railroad to Sonestown and then over the W&NB; a narrow gauge rail was laid from Sonestown to Muncy Valley to allow Eagles Mere trains to haul bark directly to the tannery there. About this time, the Northern Anthracite Company built its Murray coal breaker two miles west of Bernice. The W&NB was given exclusive rights to serve it, operating via trackage rights over the Lehigh Valley to a new spur to the mine. At high, the breaker was the tallest structure in central Pennsylvania. When the Coal Strike of 1902 paralyzed many of the mines on the Reading, Northern Anthracite experienced a boom in business, and for a short while, the W&NB was shipping a thousand tons of coal per day to Halls for interchange with the Reading.
The rosy prospects of coal traffic proved illusory, however. After the strike ended, coal traffic rapidly fell off. A further blow occurred in 1906, when Sones' logging railroad (incorporated in 1904 as the Susquehanna and Eagles Mere Railroad) was extended to Masten and a connection with the Susquehanna and New York Railroad, owned by Union Tanning. The Laporte tannery closed about this time, and Sones' lumber traffic was diverted to move through Masten rather than Sonestown. The closing of the Muncy Valley Tannery in 1908 effectively removed Union Tanning's traffic from the railroad. However, wood products traffic was still generated at Nordmont. Sutton Peck Chemical had built a standard gauge logging railroad up Cherry Run and down Painter Run in 1900. Sutton Peck became Nordmont Chemical in 1904, and in 1908, it removed the Cherry Run–Painter Run line. A new line was incorporated by the chemical company as the Wyoming and Sullivan Railroad, and built several miles up Muncy Creek to continue supplying wood to Nordmont Chemical.
Decline and abandonment.
The W&NB's most profitable year was in 1906, when it netted $15,000. Thereafter, it fluctuated between surplus and deficit until 1912, the last year it showed a profit. Most local industries, such as logging, tanning and agriculture, declined through the 1910s, with only coal shipments remaining dependable. The only significant industrial development was the opening of the Big Run Manufacturing Company's stave mill at Sonestown in 1914. Big Run Manufacturing was a project of local loggers, including Col. R. Bruce Ricketts. The company laid a standard gauge rail a short distance on the Eagles Mere Railroad, and then turned up Big Run to collect timber. This line was removed around 1917 or 1918, and a new line was laid on part of the old Nordmont Chemical grade from Nordmont up Cherry Run. Logging trains originating on this line operated over the W&NB from Nordmont to Sonestown until 1922, when the stave mill was closed and its logging line abandoned.
The W&NB went into receivership in 1917 due to its inability to pay off its bonded interest, and the lease of the Eagles Mere Railroad was canceled in 1920. The W&NB was reorganized as the Williamsport and North Branch Railway on May 1, 1921. In addition to the closing of the Sonestown stave mill, Nordmont Chemical sold out to Charles Sones in 1924. He closed the factory, replaced it with a sawmill, and continued to haul logs on the Wyoming & Sullivan until 1930. With local traffic falling off, the W&NB depended on the small amount of bridge traffic allotted it by the ICC to help sustain it. It was only allowed freight traveling over the Grand Trunk Railway and the Lehigh Valley which was destined for the Reading. In practice, this amounted largely to automobiles and grain.
It was the Great Depression that ultimately finished off the Williamsport and North Branch. The Eagles Mere Railroad had been abandoned in 1926 after flood damage, but it no longer supplied any significant traffic for the W&NB. After 1930, the logging and wood products industry had essentially shut down, leaving only the coal mines as regular generators of freight traffic north of Picture Rocks. The furniture factories lower in the valley also suffered during the Depression. During the 1930s, the railroad just scraped along, able to pay its operating expenses but unable to maintain track or equipment. By 1937, it was in so decrepit a state that the owners decided to abandon it. The last train ran on October 11, 1937, and tracks were removed by summer 1938.
Little remains of the railroad, although the Pennsdale and Sonestown stations are now private residences, the Nordmont station stands vacant, and part of the grade has been incorporated into the Loyalsock Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="20416716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416716" title="Magomet Isayev">
Magomet Isayev

Magomet Izmaylovich Isayev (; 1928 – June 20, 2011) was a Russian Esperantist, translator and linguist. He is most notable his work on Iranian languages (mostly Ossetic) and Esperanto.

</doc>
<doc id="20416718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416718" title="Love Enough for Two">
Love Enough for Two

"Love Enough for Two" was the British entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in English by Prima Donna.
The song is uptempo and about the love between two people.
The song was performed 13th on the night, following Germany's Katja Ebstein with "Theater" and preceding Portugal's José Cid with "Um grande, grande amor". At the close of voting, it had received 106 points, placing 3rd in a field of 19.
The song reached #48 on the UK Singles Chart.
It was succeeded as British representative at the 1981 Contest by Bucks Fizz with "Making Your Mind Up".

</doc>
<doc id="20416766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416766" title="Charles Woods (disambiguation)">
Charles Woods (disambiguation)

Charles Woods was an Alabama businessman, broadcaster and aspiring politician.
Charles Woods may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20416789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416789" title="Mona Khalidi">
Mona Khalidi

Mona Khalidi is the Assistant Dean of Student Affairs and the Assistant Director of Graduate Studies of the School of International and Public Affairs at Columbia University. She is the wife of Columbia University historian Rashid Khalidi.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s Khalidi "worked at Wafa, the official news agency of the" Palestine Liberation Organization.
She is President of the Arab American Action Network, an organization that acts as an advocate for Palestinian issues and for women's issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20416823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416823" title="Steroid acne">
Steroid acne

Steroid acne is an adverse reaction to corticosteroids, and presents as small, firm follicular papules on the forehead, cheeks, and chest. They appear as pinkish maculopapular rash without any comedones or cyst as seen in Acne Vulgaris 

</doc>
<doc id="20416825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416825" title="Profanatica">
Profanatica

Profanatica is a black metal band from New York. They are among the American black metal bands to have emerged early during the second wave of black metal, and under the direction of Paul Ledney they have placed profound emphasis on blasphemous themes.
History.
Initial formation (1990-1992).
After the founding members of death metal band Incantation split ways due to artistic differences, Paul Ledney, Aragon Amori and Brett Makowski adopted the name Profanatica while John McEntee continued as Incantation. In an interview was implied that Ledney did not recognise the legitimacy of Incantation under McEntee, and he claimed that it was he, Amori and Makowski who originally proposed the name. He has also claimed that McEntee was reluctant to pursue their interests in black metal, corpse paint and blasphemous themes. However, both parties have remained on good terms, and have often collaborated.
In the summer of 1990, they released their first demo "Putrescence Of...", followed by "Broken Throne of Christ" in December. Brett Makowski was unable to participate in the recording of the latter demo, so the band recruited John Gelso to play guitar. Both demo tapes eventually caught the interest of After World Records. The band signed a deal with the label and in 1991 they released "Weeping in Heaven" on 7" EP, strictly limited to 500 hand-numbered copies. Following the success of this EP, After World chose to re-release it on cassette with two bonus live tracks the following year. Also in 1992, the band signed a deal with French label Osmose Productions to release a second EP. The EP turned out to be a split 12" with the Colombian band Masacre.
During this time, Profanatica extensively toured the north eastern United States, often shocking many with their sick and blasphemous live act. As the end of the year approached, Brett Makowski and John Gelso both officially left the band. Paul and Aragon invited Wicked Warlock of Demonic Blasphemy (nowadays known as Ixithra) of the band Demoncy, to perform the guitar work. The three of them played one gig together, and were planned to participate in an American black metal festival that Halloween appearing with bands such as Order from Chaos, Vital Remains, and Acheron; however, this never took place.
The band entered the studio to record a full-length release, initially entitled "The Raping of the Virgin Mary", although in other instances the name was known as "Sodomy of Sacred Assholes". The master tapes of these recordings were destroyed (according to Ledney, by Aragon and Robert from Demoncy) in the studio, and the band parted ways soon after. After the end of Profanatica, Ledney formed Havohej. Although Profanatica had split up, several records were released, all of which are official.
Reunion.
In early 2001, Paul Ledney recruited two new members and resurrected Profanatica. Their first full-length album "Profanatitas de Domonatia" was released in 2007. In late 2007, Ledney announced that both Profanatica and Havohej were back, and that Profanatica would headline the Sacrifice of the Nazarene Child Fest Texas the following summer.
Musical style and ideology.
Profanatica's music is influenced by Possessed, old Venom, old Bathory, Hellhammer, Necrovore and Sarcófago, and is close to death metal. According to both Proscriptor and Tony Laureano, they are among the first American black metal bands, although Laureano considers them to be obviously death metal. The second demo was recorded quickly after the third one because they "wanted something more raw", like Necrovore's demo. Their songs "are very simple in structure so anyone can really play them. The trick is to play them aggressive like Gelso does." The music is written by Ledney and John Gelso.
The lyrics are about blasphemy and profanation of "anything sacred and holy". Ledney writes "most of the blasphemies and Aragon does most of the lyrics". A Profanatica video showed the bassist ejaculating unto a bible and Ledney licking it up; the latter claims they are "definitely not homos". Asked how deeply he is into Satanism, Ledney replied Profanatica were "into our own deal" and had their own beliefs, making "our own Satanism" and being "into black perversion. We shit on God. We are larger than God and he is smaller than us. That's the way we think. We put down false religions." He does consider himself a Satanist, while "a lot of other people wouldn't". He believes he is his own God and does not "believe Satan is an actual entity. It's just a worship figure, but a lot of people do think of Satan as a real god. Maybe they're crazy, why should their 'master' care about someone like them anyhow?" His beliefs are mostly drawn from Aleister Crowley, whose "Book of the Law" "really opened my eyes. Satanism is anti-religion. I don't believe in any Gods. I suppose it's good that some people gather for black masses with their corresponding dark beliefs, but I think everybody should think for themselves. If everyone thought the same way then that would be hell on earth." Asked about Anton LaVey, he replied that "he doesn't look too good in that little devil costume he wears. I wore one of those costumes for Halloween when I was nine with the pitchfork and that's all I'm gonna say..." He does not agree with the views of the Church of Satan, referring to an ad for a Baphomet mug in their magazine "The Black Flame" for around $15.95 which he called "the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen" and "money-making junk". He rejects "Satanic churches and so forth" as "just more organized religion". Asked about the "Necronomicon", he replied "it was written as a joke - kind of. But I think it was 1/2 real and 1/2 fake. HP Lovecraft is a great writer. One of my favorites. But if someone believes in Pazuzu, then he exists. That's the way I look at it."
Ledney called the Norwegian bands "kinda a joke. Anyone can take a lot of drugs and put on make-up, that's what I think. […] Bands that claim they're true aren't true! That's like someone saying how big their cock is. It's definitely small! If they talk about it all the time. Except for us." He would not "really put a label on where bands are from", but called the Swedish scene "definitely retarded and Norway is not far behind that. There's so many bands that play the same style and rip off from each other and other bands, that it's just ridiculously fake!" As Profanatica were rejected by Varg Vikernes from the Norwegian band Burzum, Ledney replied that "the only reason for his hatred is jealousy". According to him, "95% of the bands from Norway and all of Europe can't play their instruments at all. I don't even call it music. I just call it a sad attempt at Black Metal. […] I think Europe is making it trendy with all of the bands from Norway. They use samples on the guitars and they just don't know how to play. […] The only band I like from Norway is IMMORTAL." Asked to mention bands he "think are true Black Metallers", he named Impaled Nazarene and Beherit from Finland, Necromantia and Rotting Christ from Greece, and Bestial Summoning from the Netherlands.
The album "Profanatitas de Domonatia" differs from early releases in terms of productions, which "happened on purpose. That was the sound we were trying to get all these years. More of a thick INCANTATION feel to it. PROFANATICA has not changed our style / ideas since 1990, unlike other bands."
Line-up.
Former members.
Guitar:
Bass:

</doc>
<doc id="20416845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416845" title="Pakistani general election, 1990">
Pakistani general election, 1990

The Pakistan General elections, 1990 took place on 24 October 1990 to elect 217 MPs to the Pakistan Parliament, and resulted in surprise victory of Islamic Democratic Alliance (IDA), a massive conservative front led under the leadership of Nawaz Sharif. The IDA compete for the Prime minister secretariat and initially campaign on privatization and national conservative polices, meanwhile the MQM, a liberal front, led under Altaf Hussain tightened its support in Sindh Province. The result was a victory for Islami Jamhoori Ittehad, which won 106 of the 207 seats. Voter turnout was 45.5%. On October 19, 2012 the Supreme Court of Pakistan ruled on the 'Asghar Khan Petition' – a petition by Retd. Air Marshall Asghar Khan, heading up the Tehreek-i-Insaaf Party, requesting the court to probe into allegations that the 1990 elections were rigged. The court officially ruled that two Army Generals – Mirza Aslam Baig and Asad Durrani (Head of the ISI) – along with President Ghulam Ishaq Khan provided financial assistance to favoured parties. The motive, as was decreed by the SC, was to deliberately weaken the mandate of the Pakistan Peoples Party. It was believed that the PPP, led by Benazir Bhutto, was a liability to the nation.
Background.
The Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) led by Benazir Bhutto won a plurality of seats in the 1988 election and Bhutto became Prime Minister. However by 1990 there was discontent over rising lawlessness, allegations of corruption and the failure of the government to fulfill the promises it had made during the 1988 campaign.
Parties.
The PPP ran in the election in a coalition with 3 smaller parties as the People's Democratic Alliance.
Campaign.
By the start of the campaign reports suggested that Bhutto and the PDA were in a stronger position as the caretaker government failed to produce sufficient evidence to prove any charges against her.
At the end of the campaign Bhutto led hundreds of thousands of supporters in a procession in Lahore, while Sharif held a rally for about ten thousand nearby.
Results.
The outgoing party, the PPP/PDA, lost the elections. IJI won the popular vote by a very narrow margin of only around 100,000 votes, but the narrow victory in the popular vote translated into 106 seats for IJI against the PDA's 44 seats. The popular argument regarding PDA's huge loss of seats is that the PDA's vote, despite being almost equal to that of IJI, was much more spread out whereas IJI's vote bank was more concentrated. This resulted in PDA candidates losing in IJI won seats by narrow margins.

</doc>
<doc id="20416849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416849" title="Move (If You Wanna)">
Move (If You Wanna)

"Move (If You Wanna)" is the official first single from Mims' second studio album, "Guilt.". The song was released to radio in October 2008.
The song was featured in an episode of "From G's to Gents". This song was also featured in Step Up 3D (soundtrack). The album was released on 27 July 2010.
The music video, directed by Keith Schofield, was released on his official YouTube page on February 14, 2009 and premiered on 106 & Park on February 27.
Following accusations of copying the rapping style for Move (If You Wanna) from Philadelphia rapper Gillie Da Kid, Mims stated he never met Gillie and was not trying to start beef with anyone. Mims and Gillie would later record the remix for Move (If You Wanna) together.
Remix.
There was supposed to be an official remix featuring rapper Tech N9ne, but it was never released. Tech N9ne's verse was released on the re-release of his mixtape, "Bad Season", under the name "Move (Acapella Remix)".

</doc>
<doc id="20416854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416854" title="Carrickbeg">
Carrickbeg

Carrickbeg () is a village on the southern side of the river Suir in southern Ireland. Carrickbeg comprises that part of the town of Carrick-on-Suir on the southern side of the River Suir. The area is in the administrative county of South Tipperary, but residents have a strong affinity for County Waterford.
History.
The Franciscan order had a presence in Carrickbeg between 1336 and 2006. The land on which the friary was constructed was first granted to the order by the 1st Earl of Ormond. However, the suppression of monasteries by Henry VIII led to the closure of the friary. Just prior to the invasion of Ireland by Oliver Cromwell, the friars had returned for an 11-year period, before being shut down again and the friars having to go underground to avoid persecution. It was not until 1820 and the onset of Catholic Emancipation that the friars were able to fully return and a new chapel was built. The friars served the local community until a lack of vocations led to the order finally leaving Carrickbeg in 2006.
Features.
The main features of Carrickbeg are the old St. Molleran's church, the River Suir and the views of Slievenamon.
Sport.
The local Gaelic Athletic Association club is St. Molleran's. The club is one of three GAA clubs in the town of Carrick-on-Suir, the others being Carrick Davins and Carrick Swan.
The 1998 Tour de France passed through Carrickbeg.
Lottery Win.
Carrickbeg came to national attention in 2008 when the winning ticket for a €15 million Euromillions jackpot was sold in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="20416861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416861" title="Rainer Schönborn">
Rainer Schönborn

Rainer Schönborn (born 26 May 1962 in Zweibrücken, Rhineland-Palatinate) is a German former ice dancer. With partner Petra Born, he was a three-time German national champion and the 1985 European bronze medalist. They placed 9th at the 1984 Winter Olympics. They represented the club ERCH Zweibrücken and later the club Würzburger ERV. Their coach was Martin Skotnicky.

</doc>
<doc id="20416896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416896" title="List of cargo ships">
List of cargo ships

This is a list of cargo ships past and present, which are freighters engaged in the transportation of passengers and goods. It includes ships which carry small numbers of passengers in addition to their primary freight cargo. 
"Note that ships with multiple names may be listed here under each name."

</doc>
<doc id="20416901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416901" title="Kenneth Spencer">
Kenneth Spencer

Kenneth Spencer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20416929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416929" title="Attribution of the 2008 Mumbai attacks">
Attribution of the 2008 Mumbai attacks

Attribution of the 2008 Mumbai attacks was first made by the Indian authorities who said that the Mumbai attacks were directed by Lashkar-e-Taiba militants inside Pakistan. American intelligence agencies also agree with this attribution. Pakistan initially contested this attribution, but agreed this was the case on 7 January 2009. To back up its accusations, the Indian government supplied a dossier to Pakistan's high commission in Delhi. The Pakistan government dismissed the dossier as "not evidence," but also announced that it had detained over a hundred members of Jamaat-ud-Dawa, a charity linked with Lashkar-e-Taiba. In February 2009, Pakistan's Interior Minister Rehman Malik agreed that "some part of the conspiracy" did take place in Pakistan.
Moreover, Indian government officials have said that the attacks were so sophisticated that they must have had official backing from Pakistani "agencies", an accusation denied by Pakistan.
There was massive media coverage during and immediately after the attacks, and many of the early reports turned out to be erroneous in some or all details.
Attribution.
The Mumbai attacks were planned and directed by Lashkar-e-Taiba militants inside Pakistan, and carried out by ten young armed men trained and sent to Mumbai and directed from inside Pakistan via mobile phones and VoIP.
In July 2009 Pakistani authorities confirmed to their Indian counterparts that their investigations confirmed that LeT plotted and financed the attacks. Investigations conducted in LeT camps in Karachi and Thatta revealed diaries, training manuals, maps of India and operational instructions. According to a report from Pakistani investigators to Indian authorities, "the investigation has established beyond any reasonable doubt that the defunct LeT activists conspired, abetted, planned, financed and established communication network to carry out terror attacks in Mumbai."
The criminal investigation begun by the Mumbai police has identified 37 suspects – including two army officers – wanted for their alleged involvement in the plot. All but two of the suspects, many of whom are identified only through aliases, are Pakistani.
David Headley was a member of Lashkar-e-Taiba, and between 2002 and 2009 Headley traveled extensively as part of his work for LeT. Headey received training in small arms and countersurveillance from LeT, built a network of connections for the group, and was chief scout in scoping out targets for the Mumbai attacks.
Lashkar-e-Taiba was created and sponsored by Pakistan’s intelligence agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence Directorate (ISI). U.S. officials have stated that current or retired ISI officers probably played some role in the Mumbai attacks. An ISI officer known as Major Iqbal gave Headley $25,000 in cash in 2006 to scout out the target sites in Mumbai, helped him arrange a communications system for the attack, and oversaw a model of the Taj Mahal Hotel so that gunmen could know their way inside the target, according to Headley's testimony to Indian authorities. Headley also helped ISI recruit Indian agents to monitor Indian troop levels and movements, according to a U.S. official. At the same time, Healey was also an informant for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, and Healey's wives warned American officials of Healey's involvement with LeT and his plotting of terrorist operations, warning specifically that the Taj Mahal Hotel may be their target.
Cooperation by Pakistan.
Pakistan initially contested that Pakistanis were responsible for the attacks, but agreed this was the case on 7 January 2009.
A year after the attacks, Mumbai police continued to complain that Pakistani authorities are not cooperating by providing information for their investigation. Meanwhile, journalists in Pakistan said security agencies were preventing them from interviewing people from Kasab's village.
The Indian government supplied evidence to Pakistan's high commission in Delhi, in the form of interrogations, weapons, and call records of conversations during the attacks. The evidence, shown to friendly governments and media, provided a detailed sequence of training, supplying, and constant communications of attackers with handlers from Pakistan. In addition, Indian government officials said that the attacks were so sophisticated that they must have had official backing from Pakistani "agencies", an accusation denied by Pakistan.
In February 2009, Pakistani newspaper "The Dawn", citing Pakistani investigators, claimed that the attacks were planned in Bangladesh and refined in India with significant support being provided by Indian based militant groups and criminal organisations. However, Indian investigators refuted this claim, with the Home Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram dismissing the claim as "rubbish". On 12 February 2009, Pakistan's Interior Minister Rehman Malik agreed that some part of the conspiracy did take place in Pakistan. Malik said that Pakistan had lodged a First Information Report (FIR) under Anti-Terrorism Act against three persons.
Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi said on 15 February 2009 that the 2007 Samjhauta Express bombings and the Mumbai attacks were linked, and that Pakistan needed information from India to continue its investigation.
Attackers.
There were ten gunmen, nine of whom were subsequently shot dead and one captured by security forces. Witnesses reported that they looked to be in their early twenties, wore black t-shirts and jeans, and that they smiled and looked happy as they shot their victims.
It was initially reported that some of the attackers were British citizens, but the Indian Government later stated that there was no evidence to confirm this. Similarly, early reports of twelve gunmen were also later shown to be incorrect.
On 9 December, the ten attackers were identified by Mumbai police, along with their home towns in Pakistan: Ajmal Amir from Faridkot, Abu Ismail Dera Ismail Khan from Dera Ismail Khan, Hafiz Arshad and Babr Imran from Multan, Javed from Okara, Shoaib from Narowal, Nazih and Nasr from Faisalabad, Abdul Rahman from Arifwalla, and Fahad Ullah from Dipalpur Taluka. Dera Ismail Khan is in the North-West Frontier Province; the rest of the towns are in Pakistani Punjab.
Arrests.
Ajmal Kasab was the only attacker captured alive by police and is currently under arrest. Much of the information about the attackers' preparation, travel, and movements comes from his confessions to the Mumbai police.
On 12 February 2009 Pakistan's Interior Minister Rehman Malik said that Pakistani national Javed Iqbal, who acquired VoIP phones in Spain for the Mumbai attackers, and Hamad Ameen Sadiq, who had facilitated money transfer for the attack, had been arrested. Two other men known as Khan and Riaz, but whose full names were not given, were also arrested.
Two Pakistanis were arrested in Brescia, Italy on 21 November 2009, after being accused of providing logistical support to the attacks.
In October 2009, two men were charged by the FBI for involvement in terrorism abroad, David Coleman Headley and Tahawwur Hussain Rana. Mumbai police suspect these two may be involved in the Mumbai attacks, too. Headley is reported to have posed as an American Jew and is believed to have links with terrorist outfits based in Bangladesh.
Lashkar-e-Taiba, a Pakistan-based terrorist group, planned and executed the Mumbai attacks.
The attacks were directed by handlers inside Pakistan, and carried out by ten well-trained Pakistani attackers who traveled to Mumbai by sea from Karachi via a hijacked trawler. Nine of the attackers were killed and one, Ajmal Amir, was captured alive.
The Indian government also says that former officers from the Pakistan Army and Pakistan's powerful ans secretive Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) intelligence agency helped train the Mumbai attackers. Police are also looking into possible Indian collaborators, also trained in Pakistan Four former ISI officers have been requested by the U.S. to be placed on the UN Consolidated List of terrorists, which will permit sanctions on their bank accounts, as well as the Interpol wanted list.
Police are also looking into possible Indian collaborators, also trained in Pakistan.
Investigations in Pakistan.
The Government of Pakistan initially denied that any of the attackers were Pakistani. On 6 January 2009, they admitted that "part of" the attacks were planned inside Pakistan. They accepted that Ajmal Amir Kasab, the only attacker captured alive, was Pakistani.
In the months since the attacks, police in Pakistan have produced their own dossier which adds information about the Lashkar-e-Taiba network and of the involvement of specific individuals in planning and training.
Pakistani authorities have arrested seven men linked to the Mumbai attacks, including Hammad Amin Sadiq, a homeopathic pharmacist, who arranged bank accounts and secured supplies, and Zaki ur-Rehman Lakhvi, the chief of operations for Lashkar. They are searching for at least 13 other suspects.
But their investigation has come up short of the founder of Lashkar, Hafiz Saeed, the man Indian and Western officials accuse of masterminding the attacks. In June 2009, a Pakistani court freed Mr. Saeed from detention, declaring it did not have enough evidence to hold him. He now has an international warrant out for his arrest, issued by Interpol.
Attackers.
The names and photographs of the ten attackers and their hometowns in Pakistan were released by Mumbai police on 9 December.
Their names were difficult to establish because the alleged trainers of the attackers maintained "a system of changing the names of the members every few months, so that everyone had layers of names that were discarded over time."
Some of the terrorists booked a room in the Taj hotel posed as students using forged Mauritian identity documents and credit cards, but there is no evidence any of them were actually from Mauritius, which is an Indian Ocean island nation.
Each attacker carried a dozen hand grenades, a 9 mm handgun with two 18-round clips and an AK-47, seven to nine 30-round magazines and more than 100 rounds of loose ammunition. Each terrorist also carried a 17.6-pound (8 kg) bomb. Three of these bombs were recovered and defused, while the others exploded during the attacks. To navigate to Mumbai by sea and to find some targets, the terrorists used Global Positioning System handsets.
On 2 December, the number of ten terrorists, all coming into Mumbai from Karachi via a hijacked trawler, was repeated by Mumbai Police Commissioner Hassan Gafoor. He detailed that the terrorists broke up into five groups of two men each.
One attacker, Mohammad Ajmal Amir, is known to be a Pakistani national. The Pakistani government denies it, but several reporters have visited the small town in Pakistan where he said his family lives, and verified it. In addition, Mohammed Ajmal Amir was able to identify his home town on Google Maps, and pointed out places he used to hang out as a teenager.
The Observer stated that it had found Ajmal Amir's parents in the electoral record for "Faridkot, near Depalpur" containing 478 registered voters, and described comments from villagers about Ajmal Amir and about the village being "an active recruiting ground" for Lashkar-e-Taiba. The BBC also reported confirmation from local villagers and the presence of numerous intelligence officials at Ajmal Amir's family's house.
The Indian government supplied a dossier to Pakistan's high commission in Delhi, containing interrogations, weapons, and call records of conversations during the attacks. Shown to friendly governments and media, it provides a detailed sequence of training, supplying, and constant communications with handlers from Pakistan. The Pakistan government dismissed the dossier as "not evidence," but also announced that it had detained over a hundred members of Jamaat-ud-Dawa, a charity linked with Lashkar-e-Taiba.
On 12 February 2009, Pakistan's Interior Minister Rehman Malik has agreed that some part of the conspiracy did take place in Pakistan. Malik said that Pakistan has lodged the FIR under Anti-Terrorism Act against three persons.
Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi said on 15 February 2009 that the 2007 Samjhauta Express bombings and the Mumbai attacks were linked, and that Pakistan needed information from India to continue its investigation.
To answer 30 question that Pakistan had given to India on the attack, India provided a 400 page dossier which they claim will be adequate enough to answer all the questions.
Indian collaborators.
As of 6 December, there are at least two groups of possible Indian collaborators being investigated:
Surveillance team.
Faheem Ahmed Ansari, an Indian from Mumbai, is a suspected collaborator. His group of six Indian men were initially arrested in connection with an attack on a police station in northern India. Ansari had also carried out reconnaissance of targets in Mumbai earlier in the year. He was caught with hand-drawn sketches of 8 to 10 Mumbai landmarks.
This group said they had been directed by two Lashkar-e-Taiba leaders: Zaki ur-Rehman Lakhvi, and a man known alternately as Yusuf or Muzammil—the same people who directed the Mumbai attackers by phone from Pakistan.
On 18 December Both Mohammad Faheem Ansari and Sabauddin Ahmed were taken on remand to Mumbai by a Mumbai Crime Branch team.
SIM card suppliers.
Two Indian men were arrested in Kolkata on 6 December for illegally buying mobile phone cards used by the gunmen in the Mumbai attacks. It is not known whether the two had advance knowledge of the attacks.
Tauseef Rahman allegedly bought SIM cards by providing fake documents, including identification cards of dead people, and sold them to Mukhtar Ahmed.
Ahmed is suspected to be an undercover policeman based in Srinagar.
Erroneous reports and theories.
There was enormous media coverage during and immediately after the attacks, and many of the early reports turned out to be erroneous in some details. The Government of Pakistan repeatedly dismissed claims that the attackers were Pakistani, presented alternative theories, and sought to link the attacks with other bombing incidents which, they claimed, the Indian government was responsible for. Similarly, many news outlets carried opinions and unattributed theories, which also caused confusion.

</doc>
<doc id="20416935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416935" title="Oberoi Trident">
Oberoi Trident

The Oberoi and Trident are two brands of five star hotels operated and sometimes owned by the Oberoi Hotels & Resorts located in several cities in India and across the world. When located together in a single complex, they are collectively called Oberoi Trident.
Oberoi Hotels & Resorts and Trident Hotels at Mumbai are located at Nariman Point and are separately known as The Oberoi Mumbai and Trident, Nariman Point. They are both owned and managed by the Oberoi Hotels & Resorts. The two hotels are separate buildings, but are connected by a passage.
The hotels were initially known as Oberoi Towers/Oberoi Sheraton. The hotel was named as the Hilton Towers during the marketing alliance between Hilton Hotels Corporation and the Oberoi Hotels & Resorts which lasted from 2004 until April 2008. In April 2008, the hotel was again renamed to Trident Towers.
Ownership.
The Oberoi Family headed by its patriarch, Mr. P.R.S. Oberoi is the majority shareholder in EIH Ltd with 32.11% stake. Cigarettes to Hotels conglomerate, ITC Limited owns approximately 14.98% stake in EIH Ltd. To ward off pressures from ITC Ltd. whose ownership stands precariously close to the automatic open offer trigger at 15%, the Oberoi family divested 14.12% stake in EIH Ltd. to Mukesh Ambani led Reliance Industries Investment and Holding Pvt Ltd. The stake sale happened on August 30, 2010 for Rs. 1,021 cores valuing EIH Ltd. at an enterprise value of Rs. 7,200 crores. Recently the stake of reliance further raised from itc and it stood at 20% overall for Reliance industries.
November 2008 terrorist attack.
On November 26, 2008 The Oberoi, Mumbai & Trident, Nariman Point was taken over by terrorist organizations as a part of the 2008 Mumbai attacks. 32 staff and guests were killed during the 3-day siege.
List Of Hotels.
Oberoi Hotels & Resorts
In India:
In Indonesia:
In Mauritius:
In Egypt:
In Saudi Arabia:
In U.A.E.:
Trident Hotels
In India:
Other Group Hotels In India

</doc>
<doc id="20416957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416957" title="White Hills">
White Hills

White Hills may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20416964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416964" title="Joe Buzas">
Joe Buzas

Joseph John "Joe" Buzas (October 2, 1919 – March 19, 2003) was a Major League Baseball shortstop. Buzas played for the New York Yankees in the baseball season. In 30 career games, he had 17 hits, 6 RBIs and a .262 batting average. He batted and threw right-handed. 
He was the owner of the Salt Lake Stingers and the team's president at the time of his death. In 1996, his team had received the John J. Johnson President's Trophy, given each year to the top minor league franchise.
He was born in Alpha, New Jersey, and as a student at Bucknell University, Buzas had been a standout in basketball, football, baseball and boxing. He signed with the Yankees in 1941. He made it to the major leagues in 1945; however, a shoulder injury ended his playing career early.
At the age of 26, he became a manager of a minor league team. He spent a decade in Puerto Rico before taking over the ownership of the Class A Eastern League Allentown (Pennsylvania) Red Sox in 1958. 
Leaving Allentown in 1960, Buzas operated 82 minor league franchises in his 45 years as an owner. He moved west and his Portland, Oregon team was relocated to Salt Lake City in 1994 and the Salt Lake Buzz led the Pacific Coast League in attendance for its first six years. In 1975 he was presented with the King of Baseball award given by Minor League Baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="20416981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416981" title="Steroid atrophy">
Steroid atrophy

Steroid atrophy, or corticosteroid-induced dermal atrophy, is a side effect of prolonged application of topical corticosteroids. The potential for the condition exists whenever topical corticosteroids are used, even with low potency preparations. Skin atrophy, along with other undesirable side effects such as telangectasia and striae, can appear within 2 to 3 days of starting daily application, the greatest potential occurring when the application is occluded or when the preparation is applied to fragile skin. Risk depends on the strength of the steroid, the length of application, the site treated, and the nature of the skin problem.
Cause.
Within two weeks of starting Topical Steroid treatment, and probably within a few days, microscopic degenerative changes may be seen in the epidermis with a reduction of cell size and the number of cell layers. These effects may be rapidly reversible but with chronic administration dermal changes become apparent. There is inhibition of the mitotic activity of fibroblasts resulting in reduction of collagen and glycosaminoglycan synthesis but probably the earliest evidence of dermal atrophy is a reduction in the diameter of the fibrils and then the collagen bundles become atrophic and separated. The latter effects have been reported to be caused by the inhibition of collagenase by steroids. Elastin fibres in the upper layers of the dermis become thin and fragmented whereas those deeper down compact into a dense network. As a result of atrophic changes such as striae, telangiectasias, purpura and ecchymosis develop. Long-term use of steroids causes irreversible atrophy, while atrophy induced by short-term use may to some extent be reversible except for striae.
Corticosteroids are absorbed at different rates depending on the thickness of the stratum corneum. A mild topical steroid that works on the face may achieve little on the palm. But a potent steroid may quickly cause side effects on the face.
For example:
Absorption is greater in an ointment base, in the presence of a keratolytic agent such as salicylic acid and under occlusion. Strong topical steroid (e.g., fluorinated steroids) can induce the condition very quickly, while a weaker steroid can induce it slowly over time. Corticosteroid preparations that contain urea or salicylic acid are more potent than those containing the corticosteroid alone, as these ingredients increase the absorption of the steroid into the skin.
Findings.
General skin atrophy consists of a reduction in epidermal and dermal thickness, regression of the sebaceous glands, subcutaneous fat loss, and muscle-layer atrophy. These changes are typically observed following 2 to 3 weeks of moderate- to high-potency topical corticosteroid use. A single application of a very potent topical steroid can cause an ultrasonographically detectable decrease in skin thickness that lasts up to 3 days. Even low-potency topical steroids can cause slight skin atrophy that often reverses upon discontinuation of the drugs. Atrophy and striae are of concern on areas of the skin with high permeability, such as the face and intertriginous areas, but these adverse events can occur anywhere, especially after long-term use of moderate- or high-potency topical corticosteroids. While mild atrophy and telangiectasia might be reversible upon discontinuation of corticosteroids, overtly visible changes in skin texture and striae are considered permanent manifestations of corticosteroid-induced atrophy and are resistant to treatment.
The therapeutic effects of topical steroids can be negated by the resulting thinning of the stratum corneum. Such thinning impairs its barrier function and allows transepidermal water loss that can lead to skin irritation. Sometimes, the visible and textural changes to the skin are described as looking like “cigarette paper.” The skin thins because of decreased production of fibroblasts and abnormal deposition of collagen and elastin. Loss of hyaluronic acid leads to decreased retention of dermal moisture.
The structural changes and the signs and symptoms of chronologically aged skin and those of corticosteroid induced chronic atrophy of the skin are partially very similar. Thinning of epidermis and laxity as well as dryness, purpura and echymoses occur in both conditions. However, in chronologically aged skin striae are not observed, while in corticosteroid atrophy premalignant or malignant tumours are seldom observed.
Treatment.
The obvious priority is immediate discontinuation of any further topical corticosteroid use. Protection and support of the impaired skin barrier is another priority. Eliminating harsh skin regimens or products will be necessary to minimize potential for further purpura or trauma, skin sensitivity, and potential infection. Steroid atrophy is often permanent, though if caught soon enough and the topical corticosteroid discontinued in time, the degree of damage may be arrested or slightly improve. However, while the accompanying Telangectasias may improve marginally, the Striae is permanent and irreversible.
Recent studies have shown potential for treatment of permanent corticosteroid induced atrophy of the skin.
Prevention.
Judicious use of topical steroid, with strict attention to strength, area of application, duration and vehicle (e.g., ointments are more potent than creams. The occlusive nature of ointment enhances steroid penetration). In general, use a potent preparation short term and weaker preparation for maintenance between flare-ups. While there is no proven best benefit-to-risk ratio, if prolonged use of a topical steroid on a skin surface is required, a pulse therapy should be undertaken. 
Pulse therapy refers to the application of a corticosteroid for 2 or 3 consecutive days each week or two. This is useful for maintaining control of chronic diseases. Generally a milder topical steroid or non-steroid treatment is used on the in-between days.
Strong steroids should be avoided on sensitive sites such as the face, groin and armpits. Even the application of weaker or safer steroids should be limited to less than two weeks on those sites.

</doc>
<doc id="20416985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416985" title="Hans Baruch">
Hans Baruch

Hans Baruch (September 16, 1925 -- June 6, 2013) was an American physiologist/inventor, noted mainly for his contributions to scientific apparatus and instruments in the field of automated clinical chemistry. His Robot Chemist "was the first commercially available discrete analyzer, and probably the first to produce results with a digital print-out." 
Automatic discrete analysis instrumentation revolutionized the field of clinical chemistry, and, eventually, the practice of medicine, as well.
Biography.
Early life.
Hans Baruch, born in 1925 and raised in Hamburg, Germany, immigrated to the United States in 1938. He was admitted to the Bronx High School of Science (class of 1942), a newly founded (1938) school for students thought to be talented in the sciences. The entrance examinations for this school were quite rigorous and only a small percentage of applicants was admitted.
After graduating from The Bronx High School of Science (June, 1942), Baruch attended Brooklyn College, where he met Abraham Maslow and quickly became one of his research assistants. Although Maslow was already interested in the hierarchy of basic needs, at that time his interests included human dominance and security, as well as self-esteem. Baruch acquired a practical and theoretical knowledge of statistics while helping to develop tests to measure those traits.
In November 1943 Baruch was drafted into the United States Army, serving until November 1945, and was awarded the Bronze Star Medal, the Prisoner of War Medal, as well as 3 battle stars for his service in the European Theater of War.
Prior to discharge from the U.S. Army, Baruch was posted to Ft. DuPont, Delaware, where he was put in charge of the clinical laboratory of the post hospital. It was this experience that led him to start thinking about mechanizing clinical chemistry.
Post World War II.
After discharge from the U.S. Army, Baruch enrolled at the University of California, Berkeley, where he continued his studies in psychology until he met Nikolaas Tinbergen at a seminar. At that seminar (1946) Tinbergen described his experiments performed during World War II in the Netherlands under the German occupation. Then, materials and equipment were scarce, so Tinbergen had to work under relatively primitive conditions. The experiments he performed on new-born baby chicks and cardboard cutouts that were moved back and forth along an overhead wire resulted in what is now known as the "hawk/goose effect."
The above-described experiments so affected Baruch that he decided to change fields and study biology and chemistry, a change consistent with his thinking along these lines that had begun during his army service.
Shortly after his arrival in California, Baruch met, and then married, Flora Krauzer (January 26, 1918 - January 17, 2011). They have three children, twin boys, David and Duncan, and a girl, Claudia Kimbrough.
In 1951, as a graduate student, Baruch invented a new incubation flask for metabolic studies on tissue slices. That incubation flask
was described by Baruch and Chaikoff 
and was adopted in numerous laboratories throughout the U.S.A. (See the paper by E.D. Neville and D.D. Feller.)
In that paper the authors state:
"The incubation flask described by Baruch and Chaikoff (1) for tissue slices and decarboxylation studies has gained widespread popularity."
In other publications the flask was simply described as the "Baruch flask."(e.g. Baker, N., et al.)
In the period from 1951-1953 Baruch worked in the fields of lipid metabolism and carbohydrate metabolism (cf. P.F. Hirsch, H. Baruch, and I.L. Chaikoff and Hans Baruch and I.L. Chaikoff)
In 1953 Dr. Baruch decided to leave academic life because he found its constraints incompatible with his ideals and his character. In the same year he founded Research Specialties Co., devoted solely to the design and manufacture of scientific instruments. This new enterprise grew quickly and became one of the leading manufacturers of apparatus and instruments in the fields of paper chromatography, liquid chromatography and gas chromatography, as well as some other instruments used in the biological sciences. Baruch's designs for gas chromatography instruments introduced the concept of modular design that has become standard in the industry.
By 1954 the concept of an automatic discrete sample analyzer had become sufficiently concrete in his mind that Baruch began work on actual design. Construction of prototypes began in 1956 and design, development, and engineering continued until 1959 when the first units of the Robot Chemist were sold commercially. It was at this juncture that a theoretical competition began between the continuous flow concept of analysis (CFA) and the discrete sample analysis concept of the Robot Chemist. At first, it appeared that CFA would prevail, but it turned out that "it was the discrete sample concept of the Robot Chemist that eventually was adopted by instrument designers and manufacturers and achieved the dominant position in the clinical laboratory."
A detailed description of all the components and features of the Robot Chemist exceeds the scope of this article. Therefore, we shall give a brief explanation of the apparatus and instruments, providing references to the Baruch patents involved in that equipment.
The original Robot Chemist, marketed in 1959, was a desk-sized instrument that appeared to be too large for general acceptance. Thus, a much smaller, desk-top unit was designed in 1958-1962 and first marketed in 1963. This latter instrument contained the first precipitation-filtration unit ever sold commercially in order to provide protein-free blood for analysis of blood components that could not be analyzed in the presence of proteins.
The desk-top Robot Chemist consisted of four main components:
1) The Precipitation-filtration module described in U.S. patent #3,282,431 (see Bibliography for this and the following other units mentioned.)
2) The Sample processing module described in U.S. patent #3192968
3) The spectrophotometer
4) The digital print-out unit was the first digital printout made commercially for automatic clinical analyzers.
In order to provide the reader with some idea of how the Robot Chemist functioned in a clinical chemical laboratory setting, the following references might be useful.
By early 1963 it had become obvious to Baruch that a really successful commercial development of a Robot Chemist was only possible with an infusion of substantial new capital into Research Specialties Company. The Board of Directors of the now publicly owned company was unwilling to provide further investments in the company, as they were (with the exception of one or two) only interested in short-term profits. At scientific meetings and trade shows Baruch met representatives of PerkinElmer and Warner Lambert Pharmaceutical Corporation both of whom evinced an interest in acquiring Research Specialties Co. He was invited to visit 
PerkinElmer, and there met Chester W Nimitz Jr, who was the Chief Executive Officer of that company. They immediately became friends, and Baruch decided that he could work with Nimitz in a productive manner. At the same time he expressed strong doubts about Warner Lambert's ability to manage successfully a complex scientific instrument company such as Research Specialties. Nevertheless, the Board of Directors of Research Specialties Company decided to pursue its acquisition by Warner-Lambert. In an interview with Dr. Baruch he called this course "an egregious decision by a massively ignorant Board." Because he could not see a useful future with the company, he resigned from Research Specialties in early 1964.
Post-Research Specialties Co..
After leaving the company Baruch turned first to business and technical consulting with a number of firms. Starting in the late 1960s he became interested in computer programming, and this discipline occupied him for the next 25 years in which time he wrote numerous software programs for application to controlling specialized business and technical/scientific needs; during 1975 he served for a short time as Education Director of the Alameda County, California Data Processing Center. He also designed some instruments for laboratories, one of which, a precision liquid dispensing device, (marketed under the name "Jet Pipet") sold many tens of thousands.
In 2003 Baruch published his last peer-reviewed scientific paper, together with his old friend and research partner Philip F. Hirsch. This paper was a theoretical one, questioning the physiological importance of the hormone calcitonin.
Further reading.
Marsh, Walton H. Automation In Clinical Chemistry. Charles C.Thomas, Publisher, 1963. Library of Congress Card Number: 63-11528. PP 19–27.
"Chemical And Engineering News", Vol.41, Dec.9, 1963, Pg.118.

</doc>
<doc id="20416998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20416998" title="The Daring Twins">
The Daring Twins

The Daring Twins: A Story for Young Folk is a mystery novel for juvenile readers, written by L. Frank Baum, author of the Oz books. It was first published in 1911, and was intended as the opening installment in a series of similar books.
The story centers on a family of five orphaned children, two of whom are twins. Phil Daring works in a bank; when he is unjustly suspected of thievery, his twin sister Phoebe, a spirited 16-year-old, seizes the initiative in proving his innocence. (Baum was simultaneously writing a similar story, of a brave girl defending and supporting her brother, in his 1911 novel "The Flying Girl". And he would re-use the plot of a girl with an unjustly-accused relative in his 1916 book, "Mary Louise", the first book of yet another series.)
The Daring Twins' late father had been in the sugar business; he was ruined financially when he refused to join in a monopoly, believing that trusts and monopolies are "unjust and morally unlawful" — an interesting look into Baum's values.
Baum's plan for a series of juvenile novels featuring the Daring family was never fully realized; a sequel to the first book, titled "Phoebe Daring", was published in 1912. Unlike many of his mysteries, adventure stories, and juvenile novels, Baum published his two Daring Twins novels under his own name, rather than employing one of his multiple pseudonyms.
"The Daring Twins" was republished in 2006 under the alternative title "The Secret of the Lost Fortune". The 2006 edition carries a notice on its copyright page that "The novel contains a number of racial and ethnic stereotypes that may be considered offensive today."

</doc>
<doc id="20417016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417016" title="Magic Mountain (hydrothermal field)">
Magic Mountain (hydrothermal field)

Magic Mountain is a large long-lived hydrothermal vent field on the Southern Explorer Ridge, located about 150 miles west of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. Unlike most hydrothermal systems found in the Pacific Ocean, Magic Mountain is situated outside the Explorer Ridge. Its source is believed to rise along fault systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20417018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417018" title="Gender Parity Index">
Gender Parity Index

The Gender Parity Index (GPI) is a socioeconomic index usually designed to measure the relative access to education of males and females. In its simplest form, it is calculated as the quotient of the number of females by the number of males enrolled in a given stage of education (primary, secondary, etc.). It is used by international organizations, particularly in measuring the progress of developing countries. The Institute for Statistics of UNESCO also uses a more general definition of GPI: for any development indicator one can define the GPI "relative" to this indicator by dividing its value for females by its value for males. For example, some UNESCO documents consider gender parity in literacy. 
UNESCO describes attempts to eliminate gender disparities in primary and secondary education and emphasizes the plight of girls in unequal access in third world countries. However, the GPI ignores the gender disparity that benefits first-world women in tertiary education as in Iceland, for example, where 65% of students enrolling in tertiary education are female.

</doc>
