<doc id="20389686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389686" title="Saxbe fix">
Saxbe fix

The Saxbe fix , or salary rollback, is a mechanism by which the President of the United States, in appointing a current or former member of the United States Congress whose elected term has not yet expired, can avoid the restriction of the United States Constitution's Ineligibility Clause. That clause prohibits the President from appointing a current or former member of Congress to a civil office position that was created, or to a civil office position for which the pay and/or benefits (collectively, "emoluments") were increased, during the term for which that member was elected until the term has expired. The rollback, first implemented by an Act of Congress in 1909, reverts the emoluments of the office to the amount they were when that member began his or her elected term.
To prevent ethical conflicts, James Madison proposed language at the Constitutional Convention that was adopted as the Ineligibility Clause after debate and modification by other Founding Fathers. Historically, a number of approaches have been taken to address the problem posed by restriction; these have included choosing another nominee, allowing the desired nominee's elected term of office to expire, ignoring the clause entirely, or reducing the offending emoluments to the level prior to when the nominee took office. Although Congress passed the mechanism reducing emoluments in 1909, the procedure was named "Saxbe fix" after Senator William Saxbe, who was confirmed as Attorney General in 1973 after Congress reduced the office's salary to the level it had been before Saxbe's term commenced. The Saxbe fix has subsequently become relevant as a successful—though not universally accepted—solution for appointments by presidents of both parties of sitting members of the United States Congress to the United States Cabinet. Members of Congress have been appointed to federal judgeships without any fix being enacted; court challenges to such appointments have failed.
There were four Saxbe fixes for appointees of presidents prior to Barack Obama. The first two rollbacks concerned appointees of Republicans William Howard Taft and Richard Nixon, and the last two were implemented for appointees of Democrats Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton. Congress approved two more in the weeks preceding Obama's presidency in preparation for his designated Cabinet nominees. Since the 1980s, Saxbe fixes have only been temporary, extending to the conclusion of the term for which the sitting member of Congress was elected. The Clause has received relatively little scholarly or judicial attention; the sparse extant debate centers on whether the reduction of salary satisfies the Ineligibility Clause, or whether affected members of Congress are ineligible for appointment in spite of the reduction.
Background.
In his notes of the Philadelphia Convention in 1787, James Madison expressed the fear that members of Congress would create new federal jobs, or increase the salaries for existing jobs, and then take those jobs for themselves. Madison wrote that corrupt legislative actions, in the form of the unnecessary creation of offices and the increase of salaries for personal benefit, were one of his greatest concerns. The delegates who were present agreed that no member of Congress should be eligible to be appointed to an executive position while serving in Congress. Madison originally proposed a one-year length on such a bar. However, Nathaniel Gorham, James Wilson, and Alexander Hamilton wanted no bar at all at the conclusion of congressional service. Eventually, Madison proposed a compromise: "that no office ought to be open to a member, which may be created or augmented while he is in the legislature"; this led to extensive debate.
The delegates eliminated the prohibition on a member of Congress's assuming holding "state" office based on the rationale that there might be times when it might be in the best interest of the nation to allow such service. They eliminated the one-year ban because they judged it to be ineffective in protecting the Constitution. Charles Cotesworth Pinckney moved that the states vote and the prohibition carried by vote of 8 states to 3. Robert Yates noted that the clause "which shall have been created, or the Emoluments whereof shall have been increased" was an amendment passed in his absence, and that he did not place much faith in it as he felt unscrupulous politicians would circumvent it by creating new positions for persons who would subsequently place a member of Congress in a vacancy that they and not Congress created. Madison moved that the phrase "or the Emoluments whereof shall have been augmented by the legislature of the United States, during the time they were members thereof, and for one year thereafter." This motion failed 2–8, with one state divided. The clause was limited to "civil" offices so as not to restrict military service. Accordingly, the clause was passed in its current form without an explicit time consideration.
History.
The Ineligibility Clause has interfered with appointments as far back as 1793. President George Washington attempted to appoint William Paterson to the Supreme Court on February 27, 1793, after the resignation of Associate Justice Thomas Johnson. However, Paterson, who was serving as Governor of New Jersey, had previously been elected to serve a Senate term that would expire at noon on March 4, 1793. Washington withdrew the nomination and withheld it until the afternoon of March 4, when the term for the disqualifying office had expired.
19th century.
In 1882, a formal opinion by the Attorney General concluded that resignation from Congress does not free a member to be appointed to civil office because the Clause speaks to the "term" for which a member was elected, and that term still exists, even if a member resigns. Therefore, as in the Paterson matter nine decades earlier, Iowa Governor Samuel J. Kirkwood, who had resigned a Senate seat with a term that did not expire until March 1883, was ineligible for appointment to the position of United States Tariff Commissioner. In 1896, the Comptroller of the Treasury determined, after the fact, that former Senator Matthew Ransom's appointment as Minister to Mexico was invalid, as that office's salary had been increased during Ransom's term; the belated discovery precluded Ransom from drawing a salary.
The practice of barring members of Congress from serving in other civil offices was not without exception. Ransom, after all, was in fact appointed. In another case, there may have been an inadvertent Saxbe Fix. Senator Lot M. Morrill began serving a six-year term in 1871, and in 1873, as part of the Salary Grab Act, Congress increased Cabinet officers' salaries from $8,000 to $10,000; it repealed the increase in 1874, and two years later—before the end of his term—Morrill was appointed United States Secretary of the Treasury. The repeal of the "salary grab" was motivated by reaction to public outrage rather than concerns about a member's eligibility for office, but Acting United States Attorney General Robert Bork would later cite the Morrill case in his opinion about the Saxbe appointment.
20th century.
In 1909, President-elect Taft announced his intent to nominate Senator Philander C. Knox to be Secretary of State. Shortly after the announcement, the Clause emerged as a problem that caught those involved by surprise: Knox had been elected to serve a term that would not end until 1911, and during that term Congress had voted to increase executive branch pay. Members of Congress considered reverting the fix after the appointed nominee had resigned and assumed the post so that Knox would not have to forgo any emoluments. Members of Congress also discussed reverting the salaries of all United States Cabinet members. At the suggestion of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Congress passed a bill reducing only the Secretary of State's salary to the level it had been at before Knox's term began, believing this would cure the problem. The Senate passed the bill unanimously, but there was much more opposition in the U.S. House of Representatives, where the same measure failed to get a required two-thirds vote under a motion to suspend the rules and pass, a procedure normally reserved for uncontroversial matters. After a different procedural rule was applied, it passed by a 173–115 majority vote and President Roosevelt subsequently signed the bill. On March 4, the first Saxbe Fix became effective when the salary of the Secretary of State (but not that of other Cabinet members) was reverted from $12,000 to $8,000. The Senate confirmed all of Taft's Cabinet appointees on March 5, and Knox took office on March 6.
In 1922, the boundaries of the Clause were further defined when Senator William S. Kenyon was allowed to accept an appointment by President Warren G. Harding as circuit judge for the Eighth Circuit. Attorney General Harry M. Daugherty concluded that no disqualifying event had occurred because the increase in emoluments to that office had occurred in a term prior to the one Kenyon was serving at the time of the nomination. (Daugherty's opinion would later be reaffirmed by the Clinton administration when Representative Bill Richardson was nominated as U.N. Ambassador.) No rollback was attempted when Senator Hugo Black was appointed to the Supreme Court, and in "Ex parte Levitt", the court rejected, for lack of legal standing, an attempt to prevent Black from taking his seat based on Ineligibility Clause objections. The movant in the Black case, Albert Levitt, only had an interest in the case as a United States Citizen and a member of the Supreme Court bar, which the Court found to be insufficient.
The Nixon administration skirted the Ineligibility Clause during its first year, when Nixon named Representative Donald Rumsfeld as Director of the Office of Economic Opportunity in 1969. Although the salary for that office had been increased to $42,500 during Rumsfeld's term in Congress, Rumsfeld was not paid a salary for the position. Rather, Rumsfeld was dually employed as Assistant to the President at the same $42,500 salary, a position presumably outside the scope of the Clause.
The rollback device gained its name when President Richard Nixon sought to appoint Senator William Saxbe as Attorney General following the Saturday Night Massacre. Elliot Richardson resigned on October 20, 1973 and Nixon nominated Saxbe on November 1. Saxbe was chosen in large part because, despite the confrontations of the ongoing Watergate scandal, Nixon felt the Senate would want to confirm one of their own. Saxbe had been a senator in 1969 when the Congress passed a pay increase from $35,000 to $60,000 for Cabinet members. According to , "After considering the report and recommendations of the Commission submitted under section 357 of this title, the President shall transmit to Congress his recommendations with respect to the exact rates of pay, for offices and positions within the purview of subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D) of section 356 of this title, which the President considers to be fair and reasonable…" The President transmitted "Salary Recommendations For 1969 Increases" to Congress on January 15, 1969 following the first Commission Report submitted to him under in December 1968. (34 F.R. 2241; ). Saxbe had become a Senator on January 3, 1969 and on February 14 the legislation became law when Congress took no action to veto the proposal that raised the salary of top executive branch officials, the judicial branch and members of Congress.
As with the Knox instance, the Clause complication caught both Saxbe and the Nixon administration by surprise after the nomination had been announced. In early November 1973 Nixon requested a reduction in emoluments to pre-1969 levels as a remedy to the problem. The Senate Judiciary Committee held several days of hearings on how to properly interpret the Ineligibility Clause, with conflicting opinions being given by constitutional law professors about whether the proposed remedy was constitutional. The Senate then acted upon the advice of acting Attorney General Robert Bork that reducing the Attorney General's salary to its pre-1969 level by enacting () would cure the ineligibility. passed in the Senate by a 75–16 roll-call vote on November 28 after it was approved by the Senate Post Office and Civil Service Committee and sharply criticized by the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Although passage in the House was less controversial than it was in the Senate because the constitutional issues did not dominate consideration, the bill met with other procedural obstacles. At the time, Congress was under siege for what was widely perceived as abuse of members' franking privileges. In April, the House had approved H.R. 3180 to clarify what was and was not proper use of franking, and the Senate amended the bill on October 11. The House requested a conference, but the Senate delayed. Supposedly, Senate Post Office and Civil Service Committee Chairman Gale McGee was delaying the franking bill until the Senate-passed post card voter registration bill () was put to a House vote. Thus, at first the House inserted franking language in its Saxbe Fix bill. On December 3, it suspended its rules to pass the bill 261–129. The Senate then passed the Saxbe Fix bill () on December 6 without the franking language. The House agreed to the amended bill on December 7. On December 10, Nixon officially submitted the Saxbe nomination. The Judiciary committee approved Saxbe on December 13 and the full senate confirmed him on December 17 by a 75–10 vote. Ten Democratic senators cited constitutional concerns in opposing this move. Senator Robert C. Byrd, who felt the bar was not avoidable by legislation, explained his position at the time: "Clause is so clear that it can't be waived…. We should not delude the American people into thinking a way can be found around the constitutional obstacle." Saxbe did not resign his Senate seat until January 4, 1974, when his wife became eligible for survivor benefits after the completion of his fifth year of service. This delayed his transition to the Cabinet because the Clause expressly prohibits dual service. Saxbe later wrote that although he needed the additional salary he lost (he was earning $42,500 per year as a senator), he was still willing to serve as Attorney General and would get by financially. His biggest fear was that the fix would be ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court several months after he had been in office, and he would have to repay salary already spent.
Subsequently, Jimmy Carter became the first Democratic President to use a Saxbe Fix when he appointed Senator Edmund Muskie as his Secretary of State. Cyrus Vance had resigned on April 28, 1980. (Ironically, Muskie had been one of the ten senators voting against Saxbe's confirmation.) Carter nominated Muskie on April 29, and the Senate confirmed Muskie on May 7 by a 94–2 vote. Unlike the Knox and Saxbe Fixes, the salary reduction to allow Muskie's appointment was temporary, reducing the salary only for the duration of Muskie's tenure. When Carter appointed Representative Abner Mikva to the D.C. Circuit, a lawsuit challenging the appointment based on Ineligibility Clause objections again failed for lack of standing.
Upon the retirement of Supreme Court Justice Lewis F. Powell, Jr. in 1987, President Ronald Reagan considered appointing Senator Orrin Hatch to fill his seat. But Congress had, during the term which he was still serving, enacted a salary increase for the judiciary. In July 1987, Bork was nominated instead, although it is not clear how important a role the Ineligibility Clause issue played in the selection. Two months later, Assistant Attorney General Charles J. Cooper rejected the Saxbe Fix in a written opinion, concluding that it did not resolve the Ineligibility Clause issue. (The Bork nomination was rejected by the Senate, and the seat ultimately went to Anthony Kennedy.) According to Jan Crawford Greenberg, the Justice Department had previously done the same to Senator Hatch the year prior when Hatch put forth his name as a replacement for retiring Chief Justice Warren Burger. According to Greenburg, Michael Carvin used the Ineligibility Clause as a pretext to allow the White House to quietly say no to Hatch.
On January 5, 1993, , a bill to reduce the salary of the Treasury Secretary from $148,400 to $99,500 (the pre-1989 level), passed by a voice vote in the Senate and by the House on January 6. On January 19, President George H.W. Bush signed a bill enacting a temporary Saxbe Fix so that Senator Lloyd Bentsen could move from the Senate to take the job of Treasury Secretary during the newly elected Clinton administration. S.J. RES. 1 (1993), which canceled emolument increases for the remainder of Bentsen's term, a term set to expire at noon on January 3, 1995, had been passed by both Houses without objection. However, in a law review article, University of Minnesota Law School Professor Michael Stokes Paulson rejected the Bentsen fix as unconstitutional. In 1994, President Bill Clinton received approval to use a Saxbe Fix to appoint United States Senate Majority Leader George J. Mitchell to the Supreme Court, but Mitchell withdrew his name from consideration for reasons unrelated to his eligibility.
21st century.
The term "Saxbe Fix" reentered the public lexicon in 2008 with the speculation that Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton was President-elect Barack Obama's preferred nominee to be Secretary of State, fueled by Obama's confirmation of his intent to nominate Clinton December 1, 2008. Clinton's relevant Senate term began with the seating of the 110th United States Congress on January 3, 2007, following her 2006 re-election. During that time, United States Cabinet salaries were increased from $186,600 to $191,300 in January 2008, and to $196,700 in January 2009. These pay raises were by executive order in accordance with cost of living adjustment statutes, as noted by legal scholar Eugene Volokh on his blog, The Volokh Conspiracy. Before the January 2009 pay increases, secretaries made $191,300 compared to Members of Congress who earned $169,300.
Without a Saxbe Fix, Clinton would have been ineligible to serve in the Cabinet until the conclusion of the 112th United States Congress in January 2013, near the end of Obama's elected term. The Senate passed Saxbe Fix legislation on December 10, 2008, acting by unanimous consent to reduce the Secretary of State's salary back to its January 1, 2007 level of $186,000, taking effect at 12:00 noon on January 20, 2009. President George W. Bush signed the resolution into law on December 19, cancelling all emolument increases made or to be made during Clinton's Senate term between noon of January 3, 2007, and noon of January 3, 2013.
The organization Judicial Watch announced after the nomination that it believed a Saxbe Fix was unconstitutional and that Clinton could not become Secretary of State until 2013 at the earliest. After the Saxbe Fix was passed, Judicial Watch said it might seek to halt Clinton's appointment via litigation. On January 29, 2009, a week after Clinton had been sworn into the position, Judicial Watch filed the lawsuit "Rodearmel v. Clinton" in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, on behalf of David Rodearmel, a U.S. Foreign Service Officer and State Department employee. The suit claims that Clinton is "constitutionally ineligible" to serve as Secretary of State due to the Ineligibility Clause and that Rodearmel cannot be forced to serve under her, as it would violate the oath he took as a Foreign Service Officer in 1991 to "support and defend" and "bear true faith and allegiance" to the U.S. Constitution. On February 6, a panel of three judges was appointed to hear the case. On May 20, the Obama administration Office of Legal Counsel filed an opinion with the district court saying that Clinton's appointment did not violate the Ineligibility Clause, and that an "on net" view of the Clause "presents an entirely natural interpretation of the [constitution's] language." On October 30, 2009, the District Court dismissed the case, stating "Because Rodearmel has failed to allege that Clinton has taken any action—much less an action that has aggrieved him—he does not come within the 'zone of interests' protected by the Secretary of State Emoluments Act."
Senator Ken Salazar, the Secretary of the Interior, also required a Saxbe Fix by the 111th United States Congress. Salazar was given a temporary Saxbe Fix on January 6, 2009 as part of . This resolution rolled back the salary of the Secretary of the Interior to the January 1, 2005 level, effective January 20, 2009. The resolution canceled all emolument increases for this office made or to be made between noon of January 3, 2005, and ending at noon of January 3, 2011. The bill was sponsored by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, was introduced on January 6, 2009, and became the first public law enacted by the 111th Congress (). There are currently three Cabinet members serving who were sitting members of the House or Senate when appointed, two of whom (Clinton and Salazar) have required Saxbe Fixes. The May 2009 Office of Legal Counsel brief also asserted the constitutionality of Salazar's appointment.
Legality.
Over time, the Saxbe fix has become politically uncontroversial. Both Democratic and Republican Presidents have used the fix, and indeed Republican outgoing President George H. W. Bush helped Democratic incoming President Bill Clinton execute the fix by signing it into law on the eve of Clinton's inauguration. The fixes that have been enacted for Obama's cabinet have passed in the both the House and the Senate without amendment and by unanimous consent. Outgoing Republican President George W. Bush signed the Saxbe fixes for both Hillary Clinton and Ken Salazar into law for the incoming Democratic Obama administration.
The constitutionality of the fix has been much debated, however, and the U.S. Supreme Court has never directly ruled on it. Critical review of the clause begins with a study of the terms in the plain language of the clause: "No Senator or Representative shall, during the Time for which he was elected, be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the United States, which shall have been created, or the Emoluments whereof shall have been increased during such time ..." All of the terms have been at issue in past controversies and many of the terms have been well-settled. Historically, the excluded class of individuals affected by the clause has not been an issue: all scholars have agreed that the clause refers exclusively to all members of Congress. The clause uses the verb "elected". If a senator serving under an appointment to fill a vacancy in an unexpired term accepted a nomination to federal office before the expiration of his or her term, this might be an issue.
The phrase "During the time for which he was elected" has not been controversial. Justice Joseph Story has expounded in his "Commentaries on the Constitution of the United States" that the disqualifying event expires at the conclusion of the elected term in which it occurred. This view is commonly accepted. Moreover, Department of Justice memoranda, outlining official opinions by United States Attorney General, hold that "the Ineligibility Clause covers only increases during the term that a Member of Congress is would be currently serving". This principle was applied, for example, to the question of whether President Clinton could appoint Representative Bill Richardson as Ambassador to the United Nations despite a salary increase prior to his current term, and whether President Harding could appoint Senator William Kenyon as a Judge despite the Congressional increase of judicial salaries during his previous term. Opinions issued by the Clinton administration Office of Legal Counsel often presupposed the application of the clause, and conceded that "he tradition of interpreting the Clause has been 'formalistic' rather than 'functional". Another clarification came in 1969, when newly re-elected Representative Melvin Laird was President-elect Nixon's choice for Secretary of Defense and Congress was expected to raise the pay of Cabinet members in the new term. Attorney General Ramsey Clark gave an official opinion, which Laird followed, that Laird could be sworn in and serve in the new term from January 3 to January 20 (when Nixon would take office) without running afoul of the Clause, as long as he joined the cabinet before the pay raise went into effect.
Arguments for its constitutionality.
One way to interpret the clause is by the intentionalist view. As stated by University of North Carolina School of Law professor Michael J. Gerhardt, this is the position that "the critical inquiry is not whether the letter of the law has been broken (it has) but rather whether the problem that the clause exists to preclude—conflicts of interest in nominating a member of Congress who has been able to vote himself or herself a raise—has been avoided". The commonly-used term for this spirit of the law argument is "net increases". According to conservative constitutional law attorney Bruce Fein, "The so-called fix fits the purpose of the clause like a glove."
If the Saxbe fix is a solution for the primary problem of self-dealing, a relevant fact is that Congress has not voted to increase any Cabinet salary or benefits since the 1990s, when it granted that power to the president in the form of an across-the-board cost of living adjustment by executive order. However, the Ineligibility Clause does not distinguish between increases in emoluments by legislation, and increases by executive order. Perhaps the most lenient interpretation of self-dealing was made during the 1973 Saxbe hearings by Duke University School of Law professor William Van Alstyne, who argued that the ineligibility clause only applied to new offices created during a congressional term, not to appointments to existing offices.
Some scholars think that the phrase "shall have been increased during such time" is ambiguous and allows different interpretations. For instance, it could be interpreted as meaning either "shall have been increased at least once" or "shall have been increased on net". In the latter case the Saxbe fix would be constitutional.
Arguments against its constitutionality.
Another way to interpret the clause is through the lens of textualism, that is, giving primary consideration to what the law says rather than to its purpose. Most legal scholars who take this view argue that the Saxbe fix does not address the constitutional problem. Because to textualism believers the language of the rule is an absolute prohibition, law professor and textualist Michael Paulsen has said, a "'fix' can rescind the salary, ... but it cannot repeal historical events. The emoluments of the office had been increased. The rule specified in the text still controls." Most textualists agree that the spirit of the Ineligibility Clause would be addressed by a Saxbe fix, but they dispute that a clause's "spirit" overrides its text.
This view is not confined to textualists; for example, law professors Jack Balkin and Mark Tushnet share it, with Tushnet observing that the Saxbe fix "smacks of clever manipulation" and does not adequately address the issue because "rescinding the increase does not mean that the salary 'shall not have been increased'; it simply means that the salary shall have been both increased and reduced during the term." Some intentionalists interpret the Ineligibility Clause as a safeguard against escalation of the size and scope of the federal government and its corresponding budget, in addition to being a safeguard against self-enrichment. They argue that reverting salary increases does not prevent members of congress from engaging in conduct that would bloat the government.
Another argument presented during the Saxbe nomination hearings was that the constitutional framers wrote the Ineligibility Clause to prevent Congress from enacting laws to benefit one of its own members. Any Saxbe fix is such a law and should be disallowed based on this fact alone.
Challenges.
Once Congress approves a salary reduction and the nominee is confirmed, legal experts conclude that in practice it is unlikely that an appointment would be successfully challenged in the courts. The most likely claimant would be an individual who has been adversely affected by a discretionary decision under the nominee's authority—for example someone denied a passport. It is unlikely that anyone would be found to have standing to contest the appointment. The Supreme Court has become less solicitous of standing since retreating from the most expansive level of "United States v. SCRAP". In particular, it has been unwilling to grant standing for a generalized constitutional injury other than to a plaintiff who is protected by a statute or when a statute grants standing.
It has already proven difficult to be recognized as having standing when a fix is not used for a controversial appointment. The courts have dismissed suits contesting the appointments of Justice Hugo Black ("Ex parte Levitt", 302 U.S. 633 (1937)) and Judge Abner Mikva ("McClure v. Carter", 454 U.S. 1025 (1981)), each a member of Congress (Black of the Senate, Mikva of the House of Representatives) prior to appointment and each appointed without a Saxbe fix, due to failure to establish legal standing. Other than these cases, most attempts to gain standing have been considered frivolous lawsuits brought by fringe groups.
Precedents.
There are several nuances to the Ineligibility Clause that determine the necessity of fixes in specific situations:

</doc>
<doc id="20389709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389709" title="Stara Loka">
Stara Loka

Stara Loka (; ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
It is one of the oldest Slovene settlements first mentioned in documents concerning the lands Emperor Otto II granted to Bishop Abraham of Freising in the Duchy of Bavaria, dating to 973 AD. It was the original settlement of Loka and by 1286 it was already mentioned as "Stara Loka" (Old Loka).
The Parish Church of Saint George is also believed to have been one of the first churches in Carniola and is also one of the oldest parishes, first mentioned in 1074, when it covered the entire area of what is now Škofja Loka. It has been rebuilt a number of times, getting its current form in 1863. Tombs from the 16th and 17th centuries can still be seen in some of the side chapels.
Opposite the church is a mansion known as "Old Loka Castle" or Strahl Castle. It has a partly preserved defence tower from the late 15th century. The moat around the mansion is now filled in. It gets its name from the Strahl family, its 19th-century owners who partially rebuilt it and used it as a residence. It currently houses the Centre for the Blind and Partially Sighted and the Postal Museum. A unique sundial that can be read by the blind was built in front of it in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20389755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389755" title="Caligo idomeneus">
Caligo idomeneus

The Idomeneus Giant Owl ("Caligo idomeneus") is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. The species can be found in the Amazon rainforest and eastern Andes, from Venezuela to Ecuador, and south to the Mato Grosso in southern Brazil. The butterfly is named for Idomeneus, the leader of the Cretan army during the Trojan War.
The wingspan is about .
The larvae feed on Musa species.

</doc>
<doc id="20389765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389765" title="Malcolm A. Patterson">
Malcolm A. Patterson

Malcolm Alexander Patterson (June 18, 1890 – 1965) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cape Breton West in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1937 to 1956 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Sydney, Nova Scotia, the son of Alexander Patterson and Jeanie McKenzie. He was educated at the Sydney Academy and Dalhousie University, where he studied law. Patterson set up practice in Sydney. In 1920, he married Georgina Isabel Ross. Patterson served as Crown Prosecutor for Cape Breton County from 1921 to 1925 and from 1935 to 1952. He was a member of the province's Executive Council, serving as provincial secretary from 1947 to 1951, as Minister of Mines from 1947 to 1949, as Minister of Municipal Affairs in 1949 and as Attorney General from 1949 to 1953. Patterson was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20389766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389766" title="Crush and Blush">
Crush and Blush

Crush and Blush (; lit. "Miss Hongdangmu" or "Miss Carrot") is a 2008 South Korean film. It is the debut feature film of director Lee Kyoung-mi, and also the first film to be produced by Park Chan-wook.
"Crush and Blush" premiered at the 13th Pusan International Film Festival, and went on general release in South Korea on October 16, 2010.
Plot.
Yang Mi-sook is an unpopular and frumpy high school Russian teacher, who has a habit of going red in the face. For ten years she has been harbouring a crush on Seo Jong-cheol, her former teacher and now married colleague, though he is more interested in pretty new teacher Lee Yoo-ri. Mi-sook tries to put a halt to this blossoming romance, forming an unlikely alliance with Jong-cheol's daughter, Jong-hee. 
Awards and nominations.
2008 Blue Dragon Film Awards
2008 Korean Film Awards 
2008 Director's Cut Awards
2008 Women in Film Korea Awards 
2009 Baeksang Arts Awards
2009 New York Asian Film Festival
2009 Buil Film Awards
Release.
"Crush and Blush" made its world premiere at the 13th Pusan International Film Festival, which ran from October 2-10, 2008. After its theatrical release on October 16, 2008, it attracted 532,323 admissions, and grossed a total of .

</doc>
<doc id="20389781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389781" title="List of A1 aircraft">
List of A1 aircraft

This is a list of aircraft designated A1, A.1, A.I, A 1 or A-1:

</doc>
<doc id="20389785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389785" title="Kaipara (New Zealand electorate)">
Kaipara (New Zealand electorate)

Kaipara is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate north of Auckland that existed from 1902 to 1946, and from 1978 to 1996.
Population centres.
The Representation Act 1900 had increased the membership of the House of Representatives from general electorates 70 to 76, and this was implemented through the 1902 electoral redistribution. In 1902, changes to the country quota affected the three-member electorates in the four main centres. The tolerance between electorates was increased to ±1,250 so that the Representation Commissions (since 1896, there had been separate commissions for the North and South Islands) could take greater account of communities of interest. These changes proved very disruptive to existing boundaries, and six electorates were established for the first time, including Kaipara, and two electorates that previously existed were re-established.
The electorate was rural and located north of Auckland city, in the North Auckland region.
History.
The electorate was created for the , and abolished in 1946. The first representative was the independent conservative Alfred Harding. In the , Harding stood for the breakaway New Liberal Party, but was beaten by John Stallworthy of the Liberal Party.
In the , Stallworthy was beaten by Gordon Coates, who was Prime Minister from 1925 to 1928, and who held the electorate until he died in 1943. As a (belated) wartime general election was to be held shortly, a by-election was not necessary, and Thomas Webb succeeded Coates. When the Kaipara electorate was abolished in 1946, Webb successfully stood in the electorate.
Kaipara was recreated in 1978, and again replaced by Rodney in 1996. Lockwood Smith then transferred to Rodney, and later became the Speaker of the House.
Members of Parliament.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="20389795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389795" title="Caligo beltrao">
Caligo beltrao

The Purple Owl ("Caligo beltrao") is a butterfly of the Nymphalidae family. The species can be found in Brazil.
The wingspan is about 120 mm.
The larvae feed on "Canna indica", "Calathea zebrina", "Musa" spp., and "Hedychium coronarium".

</doc>
<doc id="20389801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389801" title="Article X of the Texas Constitution">
Article X of the Texas Constitution

Article X of the Texas Constitution of 1876 covers railroad companies. The federal government later created the Interstate Commerce Commission to regulate railroads, and eight of the nine sections (all but section 2) of Article X were repealed in 1969 as "deadwood".
Sections.
Section 1 gave companies the right to build railroads in Texas and to connect with others at the state line, and the responsibility to act as a common carrier, transporting passengers and freight "without delay or discrimination".
Section 2 expands on the common-carrier provisions of section 1, and charges the legislature with passing laws to enforce this. It was amended in 1890 to allow the legislature to delegate this responsibility to an agency, leading to the creation of the Railroad Commission of Texas in 1891. Section 2 is the only one to be successfully amended, and the only one that was not repealed in 1969 (notwithstanding that the Surface Transportation Board has jurisdiction over all common-carrier railroads in the USA, even those physically located within only one state, and that the section has little force of law).
Section 3 required every railroad operating in Texas to maintain an office in the state.
Section 4 classified rolling stock as personal property.
Section 5 prohibited the consolidation or common control of parallel railroads for anti-competitive purposes. The Southern Pacific Company was required to give up control of the San Antonio and Aransas Pass Railway due to this section.
Section 6 prohibited the consolidation of railroads organized in Texas with those organized outside the state.
Section 7 required the consent of local authorities before a street railway can be chartered.
Section 8 required pre-existing railroad companies to accept Article X in order to benefit from future legislation.
Section 9 required any railroad that passes within of a county seat to pass through that seat if the citizens donated the right-of-way and land for a depot, unless topography prevented such a routing.
Requirement for a Texas office.
The legislature decided in 1853 that all railroads operating in Texas should be headquartered in the state, and that was included in the 1876 constitution as section 3 of Article X. When outside companies began acquiring control of Texas railroads in the 1880s, they were required to retain the Texas corporations. Since only Texas companies could operate in the state, the outside companies could not lease the Texas companies, as decided by the courts in an 1888 lawsuit brought by Attorney General James S. Hogg against the railroads controlled by Jay Gould (International and Great Northern Railroad, Missouri, Kansas and Texas Railway, and Texas and Pacific Railway, all leased to the Missouri Pacific Railroad).
These separate Texas companies sometimes took the name of the parent, but often retained their original names. Systems that entered Texas and their local companies included:
The Interstate Commerce Commission approved a lease of the Texarkana and Fort Smith to the Kansas City Southern in 1933. Texas took the case to the Supreme Court but lost, and section 3 was effectively nullified. The Fort Worth and Denver, the last of the Texas subsidiaries, merged into the Burlington Northern Railroad in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20389826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389826" title="Jürgen B. Hausmann">
Jürgen B. Hausmann

Jürgen B. Hausmann (b. 29 October 1964 in Alsdorf) is the stage name of Jürgen Beckers, a prominent German cabaret performer and comedian.
Jürgen B. Hausmann is a teacher at a gymnasium in the city of Würselen near Aachen, educating his students in the Latin and Greek language as well as in history. As a boy he had his first humoristic performances at the Carnival. Since 1999 Jürgen B. Hausmann is known for his one-man-show on various stages throughout the Rhineland.

</doc>
<doc id="20389855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389855" title="Long Range Patrol">
Long Range Patrol

Long Range Patrol (LRP) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20389863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389863" title="Magna Carta (band)">
Magna Carta (band)

Magna Carta is a Progressive rock group originally formed in London in April 1969; their first concert was on 10 May 1969, by Chris Simpson (guitar, vocals), Lyell Tranter (guitar, vocals), and Glen Stuart (vocals).
The trio released albums for Fontana Records and Vertigo Records, enjoying particular success with 1970's "Seasons" before Tranter returned to Australia. Davey Johnstone joined the line-up as his replacement, recording "Songs From Wasties Orchard" and "In Concert" with the band before leaving to work with Elton John, with whom he is still playing.
History.
Simpson and Stuart were then joined by Stan Gordon, recording and releasing the much-lauded "Lord Of The Ages" (parts from this album and "Seasons" were used as part of the English syllabus in several European countries). Graham Smith who had played on the sessions for "Lord Of The Ages", was also added to the line-up but shortly afterwards both he and Gordon left.
There followed a period of much change and upheaval as Simpson and Stuart added a new rhythm section, but Glen Stuart did not feel comfortable with the new direction. This short-lived set-up soon gave way to Simpson and Stuart being joined by Tommy Hoy (ex-Natural Acoustic Band), before Stuart left to run a pet shop in Richmond, Surrey.
Nigel Smith joined in time to help record 1976’s "Putting It Back Together". In 1977 Hoy’s former bandmate in the Natural Acoustic Band, Robin Thyne joined the band, along with Lee Abbott. Soon afterwards, Pick Withers was added. Withers stayed only briefly, leaving to join Dire Straits. Amid much acrimony Thyne and Hoy left in 1979 to form NovaKarta. Tom McConville appeared on the "Live In Bergen" release, before the line-up changed again to include Al Fenn and George Norris.
Between 1980 and 1982, Doug Morter was added to the line-up, together with a variety of drummers, including Paul Burgess. The 1981 release, "Midnight Blue", contained “Highway To Spain”, a popular track on radio station playlists around the world. Norris, Burgess, and Morter all left, the latter moving on to the Albion Band.
Chris Simpson’s solo release, "Listen To The Man", came out during this period and featured backing from Abbott, Linda Taylor, and Will Jackson. Between 1984 and 1986, Simpson and Taylor went to the Middle East to run a music club, before returning home to re-form Magna Carta. By 1986 the extremely fluid line-up now included, in addition to Simpson, Taylor, and Abbott, Gwyn Jones, John Carey, Paul Burgess, and Simon Carlton. In 1988, "One To One" was released on the Tembo label, Jones left the band the same year.
In 1990, Simpson and Taylor married, and, with the semi-retirement of Lee Abbott, they continued to play as Magna Carta as a duo, as well as with a larger line-up for extensive touring.
The 1992 Dutch release, "Heartlands", was followed by a sell-out tour of the Netherlands. The duo continued to maintain a busy live schedule, and over the years toured over 60 different countries. Several live albums appeared over the course of the decade, in addition to the reissue of the band’s '70s albums on CD.
In 2001 the (so far) last studio CD "Seasons In The Tide" was released on the Gold Circle label. Unfortunately the label went bankrupt very soon afterwards. In 2002 the DVD "Ticket To The Moon" was released, recorded at the Dutch island of Texel in 2001.
In Autumn 2001 Chris and Linda supported Fairport Convention on their Dutch theatre tour. At De Hanzehof theatre in Zutphen they saw a young violin player from the Netherlands who played some songs with Fairport. Afterwards they met the young man, Matt(hijs) Barnhoorn, who was born in Alphen aan den Rijn and lives in Borculo. They asked him to join them on one of their concerts. In 2002 Matt became a permanent member of Magna Carta. As well as violin he plays mandolin and guitar. Together they performed two tours of the Netherlands each year since, one spring tour (usually in music cafés, folk clubs, and small venues) and one autumn tour, mainly in theatres throughout the country. They also went on tour in South Africa and played in Canada, Switzerland, Spain, and Belgium.
In 2006 Chris and Linda Simpson announced that their marriage was over.
In 2007 Chris celebrated his 65th birthday. On August 17 he was asked to travel to Liverpool, ostensibly to take part in a radio interview with BBC Radio Merseyside presenter Spencer Leigh. However, it transpired that his wife had secretly arranged for Magna Carta to perform at the famous Cavern Club on Mathew Street. When Chris arrived in Liverpool he was greeted by a busload of friends, musicians, and people from the Yorkshire Dales. After an emotional Beatles bustour (Chris is a huge Beatles fan) the concert at The Cavern was a celebration. The band was joined by Lee Abbott on bass and Iain 'Stewy' Stewart on harmonica. At the end of the concert, Simpson was presented with one of the now famous Cavern bricks with the band's name on it, which has since been mounted on the Wall of Fame, along with the names of all the acts ever to have played the venue, opposite The Cavern Club itself.
In 2007 Magna Carta had already decided that they would disband in 2009, mainly in recognition of the deterioration of the Simpsons' relationship. In the autumn of 2008 they embarked upon an extensive farewell tour of the Netherlands.
On May 11, 2009, Chris and Linda Simpson, along with Matt Barnhoorn, played their last concert at Koninklijk Theater Carré in Amsterdam. The concert lasted approximately two and a half hours. Chris, Linda, and Matt were joined by some ex-members of Magna Carta: Lee Abbott, Doug Morter, George Norris and Tom Hoy. Two Dutch musicians were also present: Mike Roelofs (keyboards) and Eddie C (percussion). Matt's father Henny Barnhoorn played the bagpipes at the start of the second half of the concert. Dr. Andrew Jackson, doctor and part-time actor, was the narrator (as he was on the recording of Fields of Eden on the Backroads album).
But this farewell concert was not really the end...
A tour featuring Simpson and Tom Hoy went ahead in South Africa in September 2009. Hoy has since stated that he has no intention of taking part in future tours and, as a result, a 2010 tour of South Africa took place with the line up of Chris Simpson and Nick Hall; they also performed in Spain, Canada and the Netherlands in 2011. A Dutch autumn tour was booked, but Nick declined to attend, so Chris had to find a replacement.
Early 2011 the cd Midnight Blue was released in a 2 cd package with the live album Live & Let Live, which got several great reviews.
In September and October 2011 a new Magna Carta line up toured around 17 venues in the Netherlands. George Norris returned on guitar and vocals and the latest addition is Dutch multi-instrumentalist Laurens Joensen Jo-ansen. Joensen plays slide guitar, acoustic guitar, banjo, mandolin, violin. He is also a singer-songwriter in his own right. His latest album Efterklang was released early 2011. The Dutch tour was a huge success and it has been commented that this latest line up more reflects the early sound of Magna Carta.
Following the tour in the Netherlands the band will return to the studio to record a new album, "Fields Of Eden".
CD Discography.
For the complete Magna Carta discography, including singles, re-releases, and other albums with Magna Carta songs, see 

</doc>
<doc id="20389875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389875" title="Bhutan Today">
Bhutan Today

Bhutan Today, published in Thimphu, is the fourth English language newspaper published in Bhutan. It was launched in October 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20389886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389886" title="Archibald J. Mason">
Archibald J. Mason

Archibald Joseph Mason (February 9, 1889 – October 12, 1974) was a theatre owner and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cumberland Centre in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1950 to 1953 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Birmingham, England, the son of Joseph I. Mason and Isabella Laugher. Mason came to Canada with his family in 1902. In 1908, he married Ethel Morris. Mason was president of the Maritimes Motion Picture Exhibitors Association. He served as mayor of Springhill from 1942 to 1953. He was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1937 and 1941 and for a federal seat in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20389904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389904" title="Perconia strigillaria">
Perconia strigillaria

The Grass Wave ("Perconia strigillaria") is a moth of the Geometridae family. The species can be found in Europe.
The wingspan is 36–41 mm. The moths fly from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Cytisus scoparius and Calluna, Erica and Ulex species.

</doc>
<doc id="20389920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389920" title="Alexandre Varille">
Alexandre Varille

Alexandre Varille (12 March 1909, Lyon – 1 November 1951, Joigny) was a French Egyptologist.
Life.
From a cultured family, he studied Economics and Letters. During his studies he met Victor Loret, his Egyptology professor at the University of Lyon, and followed him in his devotion to Egyptian philology and archaeology. Varille began working in Egypt in 1931 and the following year he was made a member of the Institut Français d'Archéologie Orientale in Cairo.
In 1939 he excavated the gates of Ptolemy III and Ptolemy IV from the temple of Medamud, now in the Musée des beaux-arts in Lyon. In 1944 he was made taken on as an expert by the Service des Antiquités. He finally settled in Egypt and only returned to France for short periods. He died in a car accident in France in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="20389929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389929" title="Dyscia fagaria">
Dyscia fagaria

The Grey Scalloped Bar ("Dyscia fagaria") is a moth of the Geometridae family. The species can be found in Europe.
This moth has spotted, light grey wings resembling part of a scallop shell ("see photo in source"). It has been found in open moorland, heathland and peat bogs, in many areas in the north of England and Wales, in Scotland and in Ireland. It also has been found in the very south of England.
The wingspan is . The moths fly from June to July, or earlier, depending on the location.
The larvae feed on heather (Calluna) and heath (Erica) species.

</doc>
<doc id="20389937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389937" title="Ben Graves">
Ben Graves

Ben Graves (born 1971) is a Nashville-based singer/songwriter, guitarist, and harmonica player. Originally from Martin, Tennessee, he was the lead singer in a high school band whose other members (Carl Bell and Jeff Abercrombie) would become the platinum-selling hard rock outfit Fuel. He attended Wesleyan University (B.A., Music, 1993), Berklee College of Music (1991–92, 1993), and Washington State University (M.A., Jazz Studies, 1996) and moved to San Francisco, where he lived from 1996 to 2003, working with Norah Jones sidemen Lee Alexander and Rob Burger, as well as current The Decemberists members Jenny Conlee and Nate Query. In 2003, he moved to Nashville Tennessee, where he worked as a sideman with country artists Rebecca Lynn Howard, James Otto, Amy Dalley, Raul Malo, among many others, and remains active as a session musician, performing songwriter, sideman, and educator.
Graves has performed with Lyle Lovett, Nanci Griffith, Kid Rock, Modern Jazz Quartet bassist Percy Heath, Late Show drummer Anton Fig, Flaco Jimenez, Steve Berlin, and many others. He has played venues such as the Grand Ole Opry, the Ryman Auditorium, the Fillmore, the Great American Music Hall, the Edmonton Folk Festival, the Highline Ballroom, the Austin City Limits Music Festival, and has appeared on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno". He has recorded three original CDs: "Crazy Italians" (1997), "Memphis" (2001) and "Live" (2003). "Crazy Italians" included the cut "Princess Grace," which was featured on the "Performing Songwriter" magazine 1999 CD sampler showcasing their picks for the top 12 unsigned independent releases. Critic Russell Hall of "Performing Songwriter" called "Crazy Italians" "consistently fresh and inventive," and "intelligent pop music--tightly crafted songs that lend themselves well to improvisation in a live setting."
“Memphis” features drummer Scott Amendola, keyboardist Rob Burger (Tin Hat Trio, Norah Jones), and bassist Lee Alexander (Norah Jones, Amos Lee). “Memphis” has been played on over 300 radio stations worldwide, and in the summer of 2002, charted top 30 at some 50 stations, such as WTSR Ewing, NJ (#3), WNYK Nyack, NY (#10), and WUIC Chicago (#14). Rosalie Howarth of San Francisco's KFOG called it "very, very good"; "excellent CD," said KRZA in Colorado; and "a great, great disc," said music director Sean Wilson of WTSR.

</doc>
<doc id="20389951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389951" title="Andreas Hallén">
Andreas Hallén

Johan Andreas Hallén (22 December 1846 – 11 March 1925) was a Swedish Romantic composer, conductor and music teacher, primarily known for his operas, which were heavily influenced by Richard Wagner’s music dramas.

</doc>
<doc id="20389989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20389989" title="2009 Djurgårdens IF season">
2009 Djurgårdens IF season

Djurgården will in the 2009 season compete in the Allsvenskan and Svenska Cupen.
Djurgården sacked both managers after the terrible 2008 year, Siggi Jónsson and Paul Lindholm.
The new coaches was presented on December 12, 2008, Andreé Jeglertz and former DIF-manager and two times Swedish champion with Djurgården, Zoran Lukic.
Djurgården finished at place 14 after winning all the three last games and played Assyriska in qualification for Allsvenskan. Assyriska won the first game at home with 2-0, but Djurgården came back and won 3-0 at home in extra time, which means that Djurgården will play Allsvenskan 2010
On June 3, 2009, Zoran Lukic left the club. Andreé Jeglertz is still in the club.<br>
On June 12 former-Djurgården player Steve Galloway returns to the club as assistant managaer. 
On November 11 Former club director Tommy Jacobson was selected as new club director. 25 million Swedish crown is coming with him to the club, and 15 of that 25 million is going to be spent on new players for next season.
Transfers.
Players out.
DIF.se 
DIF.se 
Matches.
Relegation Playoffs.
Top scorers Relegation.
"Djurgården won 3 – 2 on aggregate."

</doc>
<doc id="20390002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390002" title="Port Dundas">
Port Dundas

Port Dundas is an area of Glasgow, Scotland, located to the north of the city centre. It lies to the north of Cowcaddens, and to the west of Sighthill, with Hamiltonhill and Possilpark to the north-west.
History.
The Port Dundas terminus was established at One Hundred Acre Hill between 1786 and 1790 and was named after Sir Lawrence Dundas, one of the major backers of the Forth and Clyde Canal Company. Port Dundas formed the terminus of a branch of the Forth and Clyde Canal in the centre of Glasgow, linking to the adjacent Monkland Canal. It became an industrial centre in the 19th century, with textile mills, chemical works, granaries, distilleries, glassworks, iron foundries, power stations and engineering works all operating in the area. In 1859, a brick chimney was built at Port Dundas for F. Townsend. At it was the tallest chimney in the world at the time, with an outside diameter of at ground level. 
Pinkston Power Station.
In 1900, the coal fired Pinkston Power Station was built at Port Dundas to generate electricity for the Glasgow Corporation Tramways network. Equipped with Belliss and Morcom generator sets, Glasgow Corporation had decided to electrify the network by 1901 for the opening of the International Exhibition at Kelvingrove Park. A large cooling tower was added in 1954 and was the largest in Europe at the time. After passing to the South of Scotland Electricity Board in 1958, it was decommissioned in the 1960s and eventually demolished in the early 1980s.
Industrial decline and regeneration.
Industry in the area declined through the 20th century. The Monkland Canal was closed to navigation in 1952, and the Forth and Clyde in 1963. Charles Tennant's St.Rollox Chemical Works, at one time the largest chemical manufacturer in the world closed its plant to the east of Port Dundas in 1964. The M8 motorway was constructed immediately to the south, over the route of the Monkland Canal, in the 1970s, obstructing access to the canal basin. Early in the 21st century, the Forth and Clyde Canal was restored as a leisure attraction, and the canal and warehouses at Port Dundas were restored as apartments.
Port Dundas Grain Distillery.
The area is the site of a former large Scotch Grain distillery, which produced 39 million litres of spirit each year on a site until being closed in 2010. Originally there were two distilleries in the locality, the first was established in 1811 by Daniel McFarlane. Two years later the second one was established by Brown, Gourlie & Co. During 1845 Coffey Stills for the manufacture of Grain whisky were installed in both distilleries.
Both distilleries merged in the 1860s and later became part of the Distillers Company in 1877. They were destroyed by fire in 1903 but were rebuilt and reopened in 1913, and rebuilt again in 1916 after being severely damaged by another fire. The distillery was closed for the duration of World War II. A large modernisation programme was undertaken during the 1970s, when a new grain intake, spirit store, still house, boiler house and dark grains plant were opened.
The Port Dundas Grain Distillery and adjacent Dundashill Cooperage, which manufactured Hogshead casks and dates back to 1770, are currently owned by Diageo, and the distillery's large Flue gas stack dominates the skyline of North Glasgow. It produced Grain whisky used in the Johnnie Walker, J&B, Bell's, Black & White, Vat 69, Haig and White Horse blended whisky brands owned by Diageo. On July 1, 2009, Diageo announced the closure of the Port Dundas distillery, with all production shifting to the company's other Scottish Grain distillery at Cameron Bridge, as well as the North British Distillery in Gorgie, Edinburgh, which is jointly owned by Diageo and The Edrington Group. There are four remaining active Grain distilleries in Scotland: Invergordon Grain Distillery, owned by Whyte and Mackay, Strathclyde Grain Distillery in the Gorbals, owned by Pernod Ricard, Girvan Grain Distillery, owned by William Grant & Sons and the Loch Lomond Distillery in Alexandria.

</doc>
<doc id="20390056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390056" title="Phil McGeoghan">
Phil McGeoghan

Philip P. McGeoghan (born July 8, 1979) is the assistant wide receivers coach of the Miami Dolphins. He is a former football player who played four seasons as a wide receiver for the New York Jets, Oakland Raiders, Denver Broncos and New Orleans Saints of the NFL from 2001 to 2004. After injury ended his playing career McGeoghan became a coach, first at his alma mater, the University of Maine, then as Offensive Coordinator at the Naval Academy Prep School.
High school and college career.
In 1997 McGeoghan graduated from Agawam High School, where he was an All-State football player, All-Western Mass. basketball player, and an All-American in track and field. He excelled at high jump, setting an Agawam High School Record with a leap of 6’ 11’’, and later breaking a university record of 7' 1". McGeoghan was undefeated in high jump for 3 consecutive seasons in Massachusetts. He also broke three Western Mass. records and two state records during his high school track career.
After high school graduation McGeoghan attended Boston University, then transferred to the University of Maine when Boston dropped their football program at the end of the 1997 season. There he represented the Maine Black Bears for three seasons from 1998-2000. He earned the 1999 Jack Butterfield Offensive Player of the Year Award, and won the 2000 Woody Carville Senior Achievement Award. McGeoghan continued to compete in track and field at Maine, securing the America East Record in the High Jump and ranking as an All American in Track & Field in 1999 and 2000. He ranked in the top five in two career categories at Maine, including yards (4th; 2,343) and receptions (5th; 151). McGeoghan also performed well in the classroom, being named in several Academic All-America teams and winning the Dean Smith Award. McGeoghan graduated with High Honors in multiple honor societies and received his B.S. in Marketing.
NFL career.
After completing his senior football season, McGeoghan signed with the New York Jets as a rookie free agent in spring 2001. He went on to play also for the Denver Broncos, Oakland Raiders, and New Orleans Saints.
Coaching.
McGeoghan's career ended early due to a series of injuries, after which he returned to his alma mater, Maine, to coach the tight ends and wide receivers. He was then hired as Offensive Coordinator for The Naval Academy Prep School by the Head Coach of The Naval Academy and fellow Polynesian-American Ken Niumatalolo.
In 2009, he became wide receiver coach for the University of South Florida. On February 1, 2012, he became assistant wide receivers coach for the Miami Dolphins.

</doc>
<doc id="20390062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390062" title="M. S. Factory, Valley">
M. S. Factory, Valley

The M.S. Factory, Valley was a Second World War site in Rhydymwyn, Flintshire, Wales, that was used for the storage and production of mustard gas. It was later also used in the development of the UK's atomic bomb project. More recently, it became a bulk storage depot for emergency supplies.
Site history.
The site occupies around 35 hectares of the Alyn Valley, to the south of the village of Rhydymwyn (centred on SJ 205 668). Once part of the extensive Gwysaney Estate, the Parish of Rhydymwyn was established in 1865. Lead mining in the area is known to have been extensive, and a foundry associated with nearby mines is depicted on several early maps for the area. Following the closure of the foundry land use on the site was largely agricultural in character. However, in 1939 the land was purchased by the Ministry of Supply and developed as a purpose built chemical weapons factory and storage facility. 
Over 100 specialised buildings were constructed across the site, linked by an extensive rail network established around a spur off the Chester to Denbigh mainline. Other major landscaping undertaken at this time included the canalisation and culverting of the River Alyn, and the excavation of a complex of interlinked subterranean, rock-cut tunnels and caverns. During World War II the plant produced ordnance containing mustard gas, and was associated with the development of the Atom Bomb. In the immediate Post-War period the site was used to store German nerve gas, and it was not until the 1950s when Britain relinquished its chemical weapons (CW) capability that the site as a chemical storage facility was defunct. However, the site remains on the international Chemical Weapons List, and is still monitored as such.
From the mid-1960s the site was used by various governmental departments, its major function being a buffer storage depot to supply emergency rations and foodstuffs, and associated facilities such as mobile bakeries and canteens. In 1994 the site was closed, and a programme of demolition was undertaken. This involved the dropping of buildings onto their footprints, and the rubble being mounded over with topsoil. Several major structures, and many ancillary buildings, still survive across the site.
The surviving buildings are a reminder of a huge building programme that changed the face of Britain forever and the site remains as unique today as it was at its inception.
Chemical weapons programme.
In the late 1930s the Chamberlain Government planned that the United Kingdom should be in a position at the beginning of any war to retaliate in kind if the Germans, as expected, utilised mustard gas. In April/June 1939 the Alyn Valley was surveyed by the Department of Industrial Planning on behalf of the Ministry of Supply (MoS), and Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI) who were tasked with managing this programme. 
The Treasury approved the sum of £546,000 for initial work on 27 August 1939, and work began in October 1939 on the storage tunnels in the limestone hillside, in the Alyn valley close to Rhydymwyn. The factory, to be called M.S. Factory, Valley, opened in 1941. The government authorised the expenditure of £3,161,671 and ICI's construction fee was £80,000. 
Production was intended of both Runcol and Pyro variants of mustard; records reveal that only the purer and more stable Runcol was made in bulk. 
In 1940-1959, it was involved in either the manufacturing, assembly or storage of chemical weapons, or mustard gas in bulk containers. During 1947-1959 the tunnel complex held the majority of the country's stock of mustard gas.
Research has shown that whilst the attrition rate of certain building types has been quite high across the site, there is no other CW production, storage and assembly site surviving within the UK in such a complete and readily understandable state. This makes the Valley Site as a whole a place of national significance, but of particular rarity and importance are the surviving production buildings, which are, as far as can be ascertained, unique survivals.
Nuclear weapons.
On accepting the findings of the Maud Report in 1941, the government of the day needed to verify that a cost effective atomic bomb could be manufactured. This required verification that a gaseous diffusion process would work on an industrial scale to provide enough fissile material to manufacture a cost effective and timely Atomic Bomb.
One of the surplus Pyro buildings at Valley (P6) was adapted for the testing of apparatus for uranium isotope separation in 1942 in an early phase of the ‘Tube Alloys’ project before this was moved to America (developing later into the Manhattan Project). Four prototype gaseous diffusion plants were ordered from Metropolitan-Vickers, at Trafford Park, Manchester at a cost of £150,000 and installed in the P6 building at Valley. Test equipment was installed in the P6 building at Valley and experiments continued until 1945 when the equipment was moved to Didcot and Harwell. The results of the experiments led to the building of the gaseous diffusion factory at Capenhurst, Cheshire. Building P6 is now a Grade II listed building and is of international importance; for a very brief period it was at the leading edge of nuclear physics.
Cold War storage site.
During the Cold War, as a result of Great Britain's previous experiences of the U-boat blockade during both world wars, and disruption to transport communications as a result of aerial bombardment during World War II, the government decided to set up a system of food and raw material stockpiles to counter the threats of a nuclear war. These stores were mostly based on the reuse of existing government-owned sites and buildings; and the former M. S. Factory, Valley was adapted to became one of these storage sites. It became a bulk storage depot for emergency supplies.
Post Cold War.
The site of the Valley Works has now been returned to nature. It attracts a wide variety of wildlife and is now designated as a nature reserve as outlined on a plaque at the entrance gates. 
The Rhydymwyn Valley Nature Reserve.
M.S. Factory, Valley has not been used since the mid-1990s. In the preceding postwar period many of the buildings were still in use, mainly as a buffer storage depot, but some were demolished because they were considered dangerous. The site has become a Nature Reserve and a Visitor Centre was built on the site of the old gatehouse.
The site covers to the south of the village in a U shaped valley. The site was once the home to ancient lead mines and a 19th-century metal foundry. The western side of the site is semi-ancient deciduous woodland with an understorey of wild garlic, snowdrops, bluebells and orchids. The River Alyn flows in from the North West corner of the site and follows the western side of the valley. The river originally meandered through the centre of the valley but it was diverted as part of the early construction works. The river was canalised and given steep concrete sides and a concrete base. The middle section of the river is culverted underground for two sections. The site is now home to 7 herptile species, 8 species of fish, 17 species of butterfly/moth and 8 species of bat. 67 bird species have nested or been observed on the site

</doc>
<doc id="20390063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390063" title="Mikael Holmertz">
Mikael Holmertz

Mikael Holmertz (born 1965) is a former Swedish swimmer that specialised in butterfly and brother to Swedish Olympic silver medal winner Anders Holmertz. He won two national short course titles in 100 m butterfly representing Motala SS. After his active career he became head coach in Linköpings ASS and coaches Lars Frölander and Marcus Piehl.

</doc>
<doc id="20390088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390088" title="Irish American Cultural Institute">
Irish American Cultural Institute

The Irish American Cultural Institute, or IACI, is an American cultural group founded by Dr. Eoin McKiernan in 1962. It specialises in recording aspects of Irish (and particularly Irish-American) culture. It also sponsors research and awards prizes in the field of Irish Studies. It is based at Morristown, New Jersey.
Publications.
It publishes:
Patron.
Its current patron is Mary McAleese, the former President of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20390095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390095" title="Jacques de Reinach">
Jacques de Reinach

Baron Jacob Adolphe Reinach (17 April 1840, Frankfurt - 19 November 1892, Paris), known as Jacques de Reinach was a French banker of Jewish German origin, involved in many major financial affairs of the era and finally brought down by the Panama scandal. He was the son of Clementine Oppenheim (1822–1899) and her husband Adolphe de Reinach (1814–1879), Belgian consul in Frankfurt, ennobled in Italy in 1866 and then confirmed as a noble by William I of Germany.
Life.
Banker.
He settled in Paris at the end of the 1850s and in 1863 founded the banque Kohn-Reinach with his brother in law, the international financier Édouard Kohn. On 6 May 1863 he married his first cousin Fanny Emden. Their children were Henriette-Clémentine (who married Joseph Reinach), Lucien and Juliette-Maximilienne. He served in the National Guard during the Siege of Paris (1870–1871) and was naturalised as a French citizen in 1871.
His affairs prospered with the construction of the chemins de fer de Provence and investments in Canadian Pacific in Canada. His hôtel particulier at Parc Monceau became the rendez-vous for all political, financial and artistic Paris. He also bought the château de Nivillers, a village in Picardy, of which he became mayor in 1884.
Fictional depiction.
More recently, Reinach's suicide is a plot point in Eric Zencey's novel Panama.

</doc>
<doc id="20390106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390106" title="Museum for Old Techniques">
Museum for Old Techniques

The Museum for Old Techniques, MOT for short, is located in Grimbergen, Belgium. The museum has an extensive collection of hand tools, technical manuals and trade catalogues.
The MOT studies the history of techniques, more specifically natural power. The subject is limited to what is driven by muscle, water or wind power.
History.
The MOT was founded in 1982 by Johan David, its curator. The town of Grimbergen made some historic buildings available for it. In 1999 the MOT was recognized as a museum by the Flemish Community.
Buildings.
The main building of the MOT is the Guldendal, situated in the shadow of the ruins of the Prinsenkasteel (Prince’s Castle). The administration and staff are accommodated in this building. Here, too, are the library, the educational service and the conference room.
In addition there are the Liermolen and Tommenmolen, two watermills, situated on the Maalbeek. The Liermolen is a working mill, which is used for milling demonstrations.
Mission.
The MOT aims to encourage an understanding of the past and present of mankind, here and elsewhere, by giving a realistic picture of the origin and evolution of techniques and their impact of everyday life and the environment.

</doc>
<doc id="20390113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390113" title="Abigail Elizalde">
Abigail Elizalde

Abigail Elizalde Romo (born 1985) is the 2008 Miss Earth Mexico titleholder and was the second runner-up or Miss Water in the 2008 Miss Earth competition. She was born in, Torreón, Mexico.
Early life.
Elizalde's profession is electronic system engineering. While growing up, she became aware of our environment through her Ecology class. Now at 23, she is very much concerned with the protection of the environment.
Pageantry.
Abigaíl Elizalde Romo, Miss Coahuila, was crowned Miss Earth Mexico 2008 in an event held at the Yucatán Convention center. The winner is 23 years old, and 1.83 m-tall. The runner-ups were the representatives of Jalisco and San Luis Potosí. Making her represent her homeland Mexico in Miss Earth 2008 in the Philippines.
In the pageants preliminary activities Elizalde won several minor/sponsor awards including the Gandang Ricky Reyes Award and Jubille Foundation Award. Beating the 84 other contestants, Abigail Elizalde won also the Best in Swimsuit Award.
In the final competition of the eighth edition of the international beauty pageant Miss Earth, Elizalde was announced as one of sixteen semi-finalists who would move forward to compete for the title. She achieved one of the eight highest scores in the swimsuit competition for her stage chops, which advanced her as one of the top eight finalists to participate in the evening gown competition. She then pulled away for the lead as she articulated in her video interview about environmental concerns as a key issue in her country, in which she advanced to the top four.
In the last round, the court of four were asked one question, “What would you tell US president-elect Barack Obama about the state of the global environment if ever you were to meet him?” She placed the third highest score in the interview round and at the conclusion of the competition, she was crowned Miss Earth Water. She finished as second runner-up or Miss Water 2008 to the eventual winner, Miss Philippines, Karla Henry. Elizalde was the first Mexican beauty queen to place in Miss Earth. The Miss Earth pageant was held on November 9, 2008 at the Clark Expo Amphitheater in Angeles City, Pampanga, Philippines. Eighty-five delegates arrived from October 19, 2008 in the Philippines. The pageant was broadcast live via ABS-CBN in the Philippines and to many countries worldwide via Star World, The Filipino Channel and other partner networks.

</doc>
<doc id="20390124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390124" title="Wilfred Dauphinee">
Wilfred Dauphinee

Wilfred Tennyson Dauphinee (August 14, 1910 – July 11, 2007) was a quarry operator and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Shelburne in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1941 to 1956 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Shelburne, Nova Scotia, the son of Alfred Tennyson Dauphinee and Florence Martha Ernst. He was educated at the Shelburne Academy, Dalhousie University and Acadia University. In 1937, he married Helen Louise Coffin. Dauphinee served on the town council for Shelburne. He was Minister of Trade and Industry in the province's Executive Council from 1950 to 1953. Dauphinee died in Nepean, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="20390127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390127" title="Jim Fairlie">
Jim Fairlie

Jim Fairlie (born 1940) is a Scottish politician and financial analyst.
Fairlie joined the Scottish National Party (SNP) in 1955, and was elected to its National Executive in the early 1970s. At the February and October 1974, and 1979 general elections, he stood unsuccessfully for the party in Dundee West. In 1979, he became Vice Chairman for Policy, and from 1981 to 1984, he was Deputy Leader and Senior Vice Chairman of the party. He stood unsuccessfully in Dunfermline West at the 1983 general election and Perth and Kinross in 1987, and also wrote a column in the "Scots Independent" newspaper.
Fairlie resigned from the SNP in 1990, objecting to its "Independence in Europe" slogan and support for the European Community. In the 2000s, he joined the Free Scotland Party, acting as its Media Liaison Officer. He stood unsuccessfully for the party in Perth at the Scottish Parliament election, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20390136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390136" title="Ballifurth Farm Halt railway station">
Ballifurth Farm Halt railway station

Ballifurth Farm Halt railway station was one of four halts, , , , and Ballifurth Farm Halt, opened on the Speyside route between Elgin and Aviemore on 15 June 1959, on the introduction of railbuses. Drivers were warned when approaching the halts by white boards stating 'Request Stop 100 Yards Ahead'.
History.
Opened by the Scottish Region of British Railways in 1959, it was then closed by the British Railways Board when services on the line were withdrawn in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20390145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390145" title="Glen Shiel">
Glen Shiel

Glen Shiel (; also known as Glenshiel) is a glen in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland. 
The glen runs approximately 9 miles from south-east to north-west, from the Cluanie Inn (216 metres) at the western end of Loch Cluanie and the start of Glenmoriston to sea level at the village of Shiel Bridge and Loch Duich. The northern side of the glen lies within the Kintail and Morvich estate owned by the National Trust for Scotland.
Roads.
The A87 Road to the Isles runs the full length of the glen, reaching a high point of 271 metres two miles west of the Cluanie Inn. The remnants of the military road connecting Fort Augustus to the Bernera barracks in Glenelg built between 1750 and 1784 by William Caulfeild, the successor to General Wade, can be seen a quarter of a mile west of the Cluanie Inn.
Geography.
The North Glen Shiel ridge that forms the northern side of the glen consists of the Five Sisters of Kintail (Sgùrr na Ciste Duibhe, Sgùrr na Càrnach, Sgùrr Fhuaran, Sgùrr nan Spàinteach and Sgùrr nan Saighead) in the lower part of the glen, and Sàileag, Sgùrr a' Bhealaich Dheirg and Aonach Meadhoin in the upper part. 
To the south of the glen, the South Glen Shiel (or South Cluanie) ridge (Creag a' Mhàim, Druim Shionnach, Aonach air Chrith, Maol Chinn-dearg, Sgùrr an Doire Leathain, Sgùrr an Lochain and Creag nan Damh) occupies the upper part, and in the lower part are The Saddle, according to W. H. Murray "the best mountain of the region both in distant shape and close acquaintance," and Sgùrr na Sgine. From Glen Shiel these last two mountains are only accessible by the side glens – Allt Mhalagain is the most popular – that run off Glen Shiel, unlike the North and South Glen Shiel ridges whose slopes can be reached directly as they run along the glen.
John Macleod writes of the glen that:
The river running down the glen is the river Shiel, which flows into Loch Duich.
Flora and fauna.
The glen contains native tree species such as common alder, downy birch, sessile oak and rowan. Parts of the northern flanks of the upper glen have been afforested with a mix of Scots pine, Sitka spruce and Norway spruce. Glen Shiel is within the Forestry Commission's Fort Augustus Forest Division, and in a 2008 report the Commission wrote "Consideration is being given to restoration of ancient woodland sites in dramatic landscapes like the Great Glen and Glen Shiel." 
Notable plant species growing on the grassy flanks of the mountains include fragrant orchid, butterfly orchid, pale butterwort and mountain azalea ("Loiseleuria procumbens").
Herds of red deer and wild goats roam the glen.
The Battle of Glen Shiel.
The Battle of Glen Shiel took place on 10 June 1719 midway up the glen. It was fought between the British government and an alliance of Jacobites and Spaniards, and resulted in a victory for the British forces. It was the last close engagement of British and foreign troops on mainland British soil. The battle is sometimes considered an extension of the 1715 rising, but is more correctly a separate rebellion and was the only rising to be extinguished by a single military action. It is "Scotland's only battle site with contemporary remains still visible – including the stone dyke enclosure where the Jacobite munitions were stored".
The natural strength of the Jacobite position, which was positioned on easily defendable crags in the glen, had been increased by hasty fortifications. A barricade had been constructed across the road, and along the face of the hill on the north side of the river entrenchments had been thrown up. Here the main body was posted, consisting of a Spanish regiment, Clan Cameron of Lochiel with about 150 men, about 150 of Lidcoat’s and others, Rob Roy MacGregor with 40 men, 50 men of Clan Mackinnon and 200 from the Clan MacKenzie. British forces included 150 grenadiers under Major Milburn, Montagu’s Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Lawrence, a detachment of 50 men under Colonel Harrison, Huffel's Dutch Regiment, four companies of Amerongen's regiment from the Clan Fraser, Clan Ross and the Clan Sutherland, 80 men of Clan MacKay, Clayton’s Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Reading and about 100 men of the Clan Munro under George Munro of Culcairn.
One of the peaks on the northern side of the glen, Sgùrr nan Spàinteach (Peak of the Spaniards), derives its name from the 200 Spanish troops who fought a rearguard action on the side of the defeated Jacobite rebels and who retreated over the peak. This peak's parent mountain is Sgùrr na Ciste Duibhe, which means "peak of the black chest". Irvine Butterfield writes that "although some of the coins they Spanish soldiers dropped were later found there is no mention that they fell from a black chest [...] the black chest is in reality the deep hollow of the Allt Dearg on the south-west slope Sgùrr na Ciste Duibhe."
The painting "The Battle of Glenshiel 1719" by the Flemish painter Peter Tillemans (c. 1684–1734) shows the opposing forces in the glen; the figures in the foreground probably include Lord George Murray and Rob Roy MacGregor on the Jacobite side and General Joseph Wightman on the British side. This "highly accurate" painting, which hangs in the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, was originally catalogued as "The Battle of Killiecrankie, 1689".
Prince Charlie's Stone.
The steep south-west slopes of Sgùrr na Ciste Duibhe contain a large boulder known as "Prince Charlie's Stone", where Charles Edward Stuart, known as "Bonnie Prince Charlie", spent a day in the summer of 1746 hiding from English troops once he had left the Isle of Skye. At the time he had a £30,000 bounty on his head, having fled after the Battle of Culloden. After he reached Glen Shiel, Charles was sheltered by the "Seven Men of Glenmoriston", who "lived in a cave called Corriedhoga, high in Glenmoriston where the glen closes toward Loch Cluanie", some 10 miles to the east of Glen Shiel. They sheltered the prince for a week during July 1746, vowing 
Notable people.
John Farquhar Munro MSP was born in Glen Shiel on 26 August 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="20390152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390152" title="Magdalena Kuras">
Magdalena Kuras

Magdalena Kuras (born May 14, 1988) is a Swedish freestyle swimmer representing Malmö KK. She represented Sweden in the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, where she swum the 100 m freestyle and the 4×100 m freestyle relay and in the 2008 European Aquatics Championships, where she won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay along with Claire Hedenskog, Josefin Lillhage, Ida Marko-Varga.

</doc>
<doc id="20390154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390154" title="List of A1 weapons">
List of A1 weapons

This is a list of weapons or firearms designated A1 or A-1 :

</doc>
<doc id="20390162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390162" title="HMVS Albert">
HMVS Albert

HMVS "Albert" was a gunboat of the Victorian Naval Forces which was requisitioned for service with the Royal Australian Navy during World War I.
Operational history.
HMVS "Albert" was built by Armstrong, Mitchell and Co. of Elswick, United Kingdom. Completed in early 1884, she made the voyage to Victoria in company with HMVS "Victoria" and HMVS "Childers", arriving on 25 June.
Her time in service with the colonial navy was brief and uneventful, receiving an update for her main gun in 1890 before being paid off to reserve in 1893. In 1897 she was sold to the Victorian Public Works Department. During World War I, Albert was requisitioned with the intention of converting her to a tug, however this was cancelled before work began and she was disposed of in 1917.
Similar ships.
"Albert" was an earlier and slightly smaller near-sister ship of "Gayundah" and "Paluma" which were also built in 1884 and served with the colony of Queensland. This class was built to a type B1 flat-iron gunboat design from builders Armstrong Mitchell and Co.

</doc>
<doc id="20390163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390163" title="Rosemary Lane (album)">
Rosemary Lane (album)

Rosemary Lane is the seventh album by contemporary British folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20390165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390165" title="Adolphe Reinach">
Adolphe Reinach

Adolphe Reinach (1887–1914) was a French archaeologist and Egyptologist, active in excavations in Greece and Egypt. He was the son of the archaeologist Joseph Reinach and was killed in the first few months of the First World War whilst fighting in the French Army.

</doc>
<doc id="20390170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390170" title="First Battle of Mount Hermon">
First Battle of Mount Hermon

The First Battle of Mount Hermon was fought at the outset of the Yom Kippur War between the Syrian Army and the Israel Defense Forces (IDF). On Yom Kippur, October 6, 1973, Syrian commandos attacked and captured the IDF outpost on Mount Hermon. Two days later, the Syrians repelled an Israeli counterattack in the Second Battle of Mount Hermon. It was eventually recaptured by Israel on October 21 in the Third battle.
Background.
At a height of about 6,600 feet, Mount Hermon has a commanding view of the Galilee. After Israel's capture of it in the Six-Day War, it was used as a radar outpost, housing some of the IDF's most sensitive and secret electronic equipment. Israel also constructed an approach road and a ski lift. The troops manning the Hermon outpost could view the entire Syrian plain bordering on the Purple Line, there were observation posts on the outpost itself and at the upper level of the ski lift. The outpost was constructed with much help from the Druze living in the Golan. In April 1970, Colonel Hikmat Shahabi, chief of Syrian Military Intelligence, sent a letter with Sergeant-Major Nozi tewfik Abu Saleh, a Syrian Druze, to Kemal Kanj, a Golan Heights Druze leader and former member of the Syrian parliament whose brother was a general in the Syrian Army. Saleh, who was also related to Kanj, crossed the border on foot and delivered the letter, which asked Kanj to provide details regarding Israeli positions. Kanj agreed and carried out his mission. He was caught by the Israeli Military Intelligence Directorate (AMAN) in May 1971. He was pardoned in June 1973.
The Hermon outpost was considered strategically important for several reasons, such as: gathering early warning information, real-time Intelligence collection, conducting electronic warfare (EW) against ground or air attack, artillery spotting on the Damascus Plain, using the Hermon ridge and its western slopes for a strategic flanking move toward Syria, conducting operations in Syria and Lebanon and commanding Israel's main water sources.
The outpost was isolated in its sector with only a narrow access road connecting it to the Golan Heights and Har Dov. It was made up of three levels: an underground section of bunkers for quarters, ammunition, food and water, (which were connected by tunnels to the guard and observation posts) and two above-ground storeys which contained the work rooms, laboratories, infirmary, mess, generators, and observation and guard posts. When the war broke out, the outpost was still under construction and fighting positions, communication trenches and a command position were not yet built.
The outpost was situated in the 13th Battalion's sector, but was commanded by Lieutenant Gadi Zidover from the 820th regional brigade, whose operational subordination was not properly classified. On Yom Kippur there were sixty soldiers in the outpost: Thirteen of them were 13th Battalion infantrymen, the rest were men from support units, artillerymen, non-commissioned officers from the Israeli Northern Command (NC) and regional brigade Intelligence, and maintenance soldiers from the 820th Brigade. Some of the officers and soldiers had only arrived between October 4 and October 6 with just their personal weapons, others were unarmed. Most of them were not familiar with the layout of the outpost or with the sector in general.
In the days before the war, the artillery forward observation officer reported a growth in the number of Syrian artillery batteries and other forces. A section of troops were assigned to defend it. On Yom Kippur, October 6, 1973, fifty-five men were in the outpost, including the defense section from the Golani Brigade, men from the Israeli Air Force and intelligence personnel manning the electronic equipment. NC estimated that the Hermon was not a major axis of advance, and would therefore not be subject to a major attack, only routine raids. The fortifications were built to withstand artillery fire and air bombardments, but the trench system was incomplete. A week before the war, an antiaircraft battery was moved down to the Golan.
Prelude.
On Friday, October 5, the outpost reported a vast concentration of Syrian forces on the plain below. The Israeli soldiers were ordered to be on the alert, they shut themselves in the main bunker. The next morning, the observation posts were manned as usual and routine reconnaissance along the approach routes took place. An alert was ordered, but for some reason the Hermon outpost was not reinforced by the required fourteen-man infantry section. The security routine was maintained and included a foot patrol to secure the access road from the outpost to the lower level of the ski lift. It was conducted by the Golani troops and commanded by the platoon commander, Second-Lieutenant Hagai Funk. Only two infantrymen were left to guard the outpost.
After the patrol, the infantrymen returned to the outpost, except for three men who took up positions in an under-construction observation post on a hill north of the upper ski lift. One observation point and two guard positions were manned in the outpost itself. Three watches were deployed at dawn between Har Dov and the lower ski lift, manned by members of the same company, but were subordinated throughout the day to the 902nd Nahal Battalion in Har Dov. Shortly before 14:00, an EW blocking company from the 374th Communications unit, under the command of Lieutenant Moshe Sapir, arrived at the "tank curve" and located its equipment according to NC command. Due to coordination problems, its arrival was unknown to the outpost commander and the Hermon company commander at the employment camp in Masada.
The Syrians had put the Hermon at the top of their target list. The 82nd Paratroop Battalion, the elite combat unit of the Syrian army, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Ahmed Rifai al-Joju, was given its final briefing on the morning of the attack. Al-Joju's company was to be landed by helicopter half a mile from the Israeli structure and take-up positions covering the Israeli outpost and the road leading toward it from the Golan. The rest of the battalion, about 200 men, were to set out on foot from the Syrian Hermon. This force was to attack the outpost while al-Joju's troops would provide them with covering fire. The plan used data collected through Kanj.
Battle.
Syrian attack.
At around 13:00, four Soviet-built MI-8 helicopters lifted off near Damascus and flew west into Lebanon, where they circled until forty-five minutes into the Syrian shelling of the Golan. They then headed southeast toward the Israeli outpost. The Israelis detected the helicopters at about 15:00, when the team at the upper ski lift reported the sighting and fired at them until they flew out of sight. At 13:45, the artillery officer, along with other officers, noticed that the Syrian artillery units in the plain below were taking the camouflage nets from their guns.
The Syrians began shelling the outpost at 14:00. All the Israeli soldiers in the outpost concentrated in the central hall of the bunker. The platoon officer and the mortar sergeant climbed up to the observation point but had to come back down due to the heavy shelling. An observation officer, a technical assistant and a driver from the 334th Artillery Battalion left the outpost in a half-track for their planned position in the "tank curve" to help pinpoint the artillery in the northern Golan. Six Syrian MiG-17 aircraft attacked the outpost. Three of the helicopters arrived from the west. Two of them landed about thirty paratroopers on Hill 2072, south of the lower ski lift. Most of the Syrian force deployed above the curve south of the upper ski lift to block access to the outpost. A few of them advanced toward the outpost to provide cover. A third helicopter with sixteen paratroopers, who were supposed to block the "tank curve", crashed (a rotor-blade hit the slope). Only three paratroopers survived and joined their comrades at the upper ski lift. They opened fire on the Israeli half-track, which kept driving. The company commander of the EW unit and his driver, who were riding in a jeep on their way to the outpost, saw the Syrians landing and turned back to their unit at the "tank curve", under fire. Three Golani soldiers at the upper ski lift observation post saw the Syrian landing but failed to fire at them due to a machine gun malfunction. After a few minutes, they abandoned their post, which was equipped with a radio, and went down to the lower ski lift to join a platoon positioned there without informing the outpost of the Syrian landing.
While Joju's troops were taking-up positions, the rest of the 82nd Battalion, two companies under the command of Captains Jassam al Salah and Mahmoud Ma'aleh, advanced on foot from the Syrian Hermon position to the Israeli outpost. They were organized in eight platoon-sized forces. At around 15:15, when the first two forces arrived near the outpost, Syrian artillery opened fire and the covering force directed small-arms fire at the outpost. Meanwhile, the fourth helicopter approached and landed sixteen more commandos. Some of them joined the charge at the outpost while the rest formed a second covering force.
When the shelling subsided small-arms fire could be heard from the central hall, Zidover, Funk and four other Golani soldiers came out to the fighting platform through the upper western opening. They saw dozens of Syrian soldiers advancing on the road toward the outpost gate and a covering force lying on the embankment outside the outpost fence. Of the three machine guns, two were out of action after the shelling. Lacking fighting positions, the outpost commander and the infantrymen opened fire with a machine gun and their personal weapons. The Syrians were surprised by the fire and halted. The machine gunner was killed and the outpost sergeant took the weapon over. The outpost commander realized that ammunition was low and went down to the central hall to contact the 820th Brigade commander, Colonel Zvi Barazani. He explained the situation and asked him to "fire on our outposts". Barazani approved and the 334th Battalion commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Aryeh Schwartz, accepted the mission. The Golani soldiers kept firing at the Syrians and prevented them from entering the outpost until approximately 15:45, when the Israeli shelling began. At this point Barazani ordered the outpost commander to shut his men in the outpost until the shelling was over and break out only on his command. Due to a misunderstanding, the soldiers did not leave the outpost and continued defending its openings from within.
The Syrians charged into the outpost courtyard and some managed to penetrate the upper western opening into the top storey, throwing fragmentation and stun grenades and firing into the work rooms. Their entrance was hesitant and slow, and included calls in Hebrew and Arabic to the Israeli soldiers to surrender. Some went down the staircase leading to the central hall and threw grenades into it. They reached the hall but did not enter the rooms or the connecting tunnels. They may have used a smoke generator operated by a small engine. The hall filled with smoke dust and the sounds of explosions, which induceded panic among the Israeli non-combatant soldiers. Many of them were choking and believed the Syrians were using gas. The room was full of dust, they had to cover their noses with flannelette soaked in urine to breathe. They tried to take cover in the tunnels, some were in a state of shock and remained frozen in the rooms near the central hall. Between 16:00 and 17:00, some of the soldiers returned fire from various corners of the central hall in the direction of the staircase and prevented the Syrians from coming down. The outpost commander tried to concentrate the men from the different tunnels and rooms into a single tunnel. At this point, the outpost lost its connection with the outside world.
At about 17:30, the outpost commander and several infantry soldiers tried to break out through one of the tunnels in order to get out and reach the upper ski lift, but they encountered some Syrians and had to return. Most of the men were now concentrated in the same tunnel, except for the doctor and two Golani soldiers, one of whom was dead and the other wounded. Five others hid in two bunkers in the bottom storey. Since some of the men did not know their way around the outpost, they split-up in the dark into two groups, which remained close to each other. At around 19:00, the Syrians stopped clearing the interior of the Israeli position and it became relatively quiet.
Wadi Si'on.
At around 16:50, the men in the "Hedva" observation post, located near the Lebanese village of Shebaa, were ordered to move back to Masada through the lower ski lift with their armored personnel carrier (APC). At about 17:00, the APC, along with a 81mm mortar half-track approached Wadi Si'on, (where the "Tali" observation point was located); both positions came under heavy fire from the ridge above them. The APC was hit by an RPG and stopped in the middle of the road. Three Israeli soldiers were killed instantly, the rest were wounded and took cover. The "Tali" commander, exposed in his half-track, was hit by a bullet in the back, but the driver started the vehicle and sped off toward the lower ski lift.
The attacking Syrians were probably the blocking force from the 87th Reconnaissance Battalion, which was supposed to take-up positions in the "tank curve" that night, but strayed into the area above the road from the lower ski lift and Har Dov. The Syrians maintained a constant fire and left without coming down to the road. At nightfall, at around 17:35, after the Syrians left, the "Hedva" observation post reported the encounter to the 902nd Battalion company headquarters at Har Dov and asked for assistance. Company headquarters reported to the 820th Brigade headquarters at Nafakh. Putting together a rescue force which included a doctor, a paramedic and five infantrymen, took an hour. The force, advancing in two APCs, moved slowly and carefully with its lights off. At about 18:30, it arrived at the location, treated the wounded and evacuated them. From that moment until the end of the war, no IDF troops entered the territory between Har Dov and the Hermon mountainside.
At around 19:30, Barazani ordered the commander of the Hermon Company, Lieutenant Yiftah Sagiv, to head from Masada to the lower ski lift with an APC and a tank platoon from the attached 71st Battalion, to check on the outpost and evacuate the wounded that had arrived in the afternoon. The force reached the lower ski lift at around 21:00. Saqiv saw that everything was in order and reported that fact to the battalion commander. Barazani ordered him to leave the tank platoon to defend the place. The company commander left on his own accord to evacuate the wounded to Nafakh. When he arrived near midnight, he reported to the NC chief and the others about the incidents at the Hermon.
At around 21:00, the outpost commander decided to try to escape to the lower ski lift. Due to a lack of communication with the other men, only he, five officers and eleven soldiers got out. They crossed a minefield, went down the Bul'an valley and headed west toward the upper ski lift. Just before 23:00, as they began to head down a rocky slope from the upper ski lift, the Syrian blocking force saw them and opened fire. The platoon commander and five of his men charged down the hill. Three were killed, including the platoon commander, two were taken prisoner the next day. Other officers and soldiers took cover and returned fire. The observation officer was badly wounded and later died. The other eleven, some of whom were wounded, escaped the encounter and scattered. The escapees ran down the road and encountered three Israeli tanks heading their way. One of the tanks fired at them before they could identify themselves. During the night and the next day, ten of them made their way back to the Israeli lines. A soldier from the Air Force unit in the outpost accidentally entered a 183rd Syrian Battalion position, deployed on high point 1614. He was caught and executed the next day.
Counterattack.
At 18:07, NC accepted the suggestion raised by the Golani Brigade commander, Colonel Amir Drori, to try to reach the outpost. While the eleven Israeli soldiers were trying to make their escape, a Golani force – made up of Drori's command half-track, the 51st Battalion command post with companies A and B in fifteen more half-tracks, the 69th Reconnaissance Company in eight other half-tracks and the brigade's battalion collecting station in an ambulance – was on its way to the Hermon. The force left Rosh Pina at 07:01 and reached Neve Ativ at 04:01, but NC ordered Drori to stop, fearing a Syrian breakthrough in the Hadar-Masada sector and ordered him to deploy for a block around bunkers 103, 104 and 105, with the 13th Battalion subordinated to the brigade. Unaware of the situation throughout the Golan, Drori objected, assuming it was best to strike as early as possible and deny the Syrians time to organize. He was denied, and the force started moving back via the Sa'ar Bridge toward Masada. At 04:21, Drori was ordered to organize for a block, and at 05:19 his troops were deployed in their sector.
While the reduced 51st Battalion and the 69th Company were deployed around Masada at around 07:00, a convoy came down from the lower ski lift, having been ordered to do so by the 13th Battalion commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Ze'ev Oren. It included a tank platoon from the 71st Battalion, the infantry platoon from the 13th Battalion manning the lower ski lift in two BTR-152 APCs, the observation officer's half-track and the communications company from the 374th unit in its three vehicles. It also included the five survivors from the outpost. The three tanks remained attached to the Golani Brigade. Thirty-six soldiers were still trapped in the outpost. Two Israeli soldiers wounded in the encounter on the ridge were captured by the Syrians. Six of the soldiers who escaped made their way down the mountain, along with three observation soldiers who escaped from the upper ski lift.
Capture.
At around 06:00 on October 7, the two wounded soldiers that were captured were questioned and taken to a ravine outside the outpost. At around 09:00, the Israeli soldiers in the northeastern tunnels heard shots in the courtyard. The Syrians may have fired Israeli weapons captured at the upper ski lift, and some of the Israeli soldiers thought it was their rescuers firing. Four soldiers hiding in the communication bunker heard the shots and came out through a position blown up by the Syrians that morning. Noticing soldiers with olive-colored uniforms, Uzis and an IDF helmet, a radio technician came out and yelled "Golani, Golani, don't shoot!", before his eyes had adapted to the sunlight when he noticed they were Syrians. He and the others ran back in and the Syrians chased them, throwing smoke grenades. Not knowing where the other Israelis were hiding, the Syrians called on them to surrender through the generator gratings and pointed flashlights inside, saying that whoever did not come out would be killed. The Israelis contemplated surrender, but the Golani platoon sergeant refused, opting instead to try to break out through the northeastern position. At around 11:00, he led them through the tunnel connecting the generators to the position. He came out onto the roof first, followed by a Golani soldier, an AMAN soldier and a radio operator. They were spotted on the roof, near the main entrance of the anti-aircraft hill north of the outpost.
Perhaps as a response to the Syrian calls to surrender, the sergeant opened fire and threw two grenades at the Syrians. The three Israelis were killed soon after. The others who got out lay in a trench, the Syrians firing at them but missing. When they concluded they had no chance, they surrendered. The radio technician, who waved a piece of white cloth, was killed. The Syrians held their fire, ordered the Israelis down to the courtyard and told them to lay down their weapons and helmets. At about 11:30, two Syrians entered the doctor's room on the top storey and captured him along with two Golani soldiers who were with him, one of them badly wounded. In the late afternoon, the twenty-six captured Israelis were disarmed and their hands tied with telephone wire; they were then led, tied in pairs, toward the Syrian outpost. They were escorted by about thirty Syrian soldiers from the 82nd Battalion. A badly wounded Golani soldier who fell behind was killed, his body left behind. From the Syrian outpost, the prisoners were transferred by trucks to a special forces training base at Qabun, near Damascus, where they stayed for four days.
Five Israeli soldiers were left in the outpost: a quartermaster hiding in the emergency bunker and four soldiers hiding in the war room bunker. They found some rations in the nearby maintenance bunker and a plastic water tank, which sustained them until October 12. Using a transistor radio, they heard that the kibbutzim members in the Golan had returned to their homes and so decided to keep hiding until the IDF recaptured the outpost. In the first three days, the Syrians raked the outpost with gunfire and grenades each morning and each night. When the outpost became relatively quiet, the Israelis tried on more than one occasion to get out, but returned after hearing the Syrian guards in the central hall. At around 11:00 on Friday, October 12, Syrian soldiers entered the tunnels to look for food and caught the Israelis, including the quartermaster, by accident. The prisoners were transferred through the Syrian outpost to Qabun. On October 15, all thirty-one prisoners were taken to an olive grove and photographed by journalists; they were transferred to a prison the next day.
Aftermath.
In the battles fought in the outpost itself, near the upper ski lift and in Wadi Si'on, sixteen Israelis were killed and twelve wounded. Seven were killed and four wounded in the outpost, four were killed and three wounded near the upper ski lift, three were killed and four wounded in the Si'on encounter. Two were executed by the Syrians after their capture, thirty-one were taken prisoner. Syrian casualties were fifteen killed (twelve commandos and three helicopter crewmen) and three officers wounded trying to penetrate the outpost. The Syrians captured the outpost, the lower ski lift and the entire Hermon mountainside.
Soviet advisers arrived at the outpost a few days later to dismantle the electronic equipment, they were pleased to find most of it intact. Syrian interrogators were also able to extract valuable information from the captured Israelis. The electronic equipment was sent to the Soviet Union for analysis, the documents captured compromised Israeli military codes. With the fall of the Hermon, AMAN lost its "eyes on the Golan", the loss of the antennas on the listening posts damaged its ability to collect information.
Author Abraham Rabinovich wrote that "the fall of the Hermon was for Israel the single most humiliating episode of the Yom Kippur War". Author Walter J. Boyne commented that this was the first time in Israel's history that a commander had abandoned a position while his troops were still fighting. Funk was believed by many Israelis to be at fault for the defeat, as summarized by one soldier: "The officers ran away". The Israelis made a failed attempt to recapture the Hermon on October 8, but finally succeeded on October 21, in Operation Dessert.

</doc>
<doc id="20390181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390181" title="Third Battle of Mount Hermon">
Third Battle of Mount Hermon

The Third Battle of Mount Hermon was fought on the night of October 21–22, 1973, between the Israeli Army and the Syrian Army over Mount Hermon, during the last days of the Yom Kippur War. Syrian troops had captured the IDF outpost on the mountain on October 6, and held it for two weeks. In the third battle, codenamed Operation Dessert (, "Mivtza Kinu'ah"), Israeli troops captured the Israeli outpost and the Syrian one.
Background.
After losing control of Mount Hermon on October 6 and failing to recapture it on October 8, the IDF, and the Golani Brigade in particular, grew determined to recapture it. Its loss levied a heavy toll on Israel's intelligence gathering during the war. At 10:15 PM on October 19, Israeli Chief of Staff (Ramatkal) David Elazar was on his way to the Israeli Northern Command to monitor an attack on the Hermon. At that time, the General Staff learned of the United States Secretary of State Henry Kissinger's notification of an immediate ceasefire to the war. Elazar was asked to return to Tel Aviv, where he met with the Defense Minister, Moshe Dayan, and they agreed that recapturing the Hermon was top priority.
Yehuda Peled, who had commanded the failed counterattack on October 8, decided that it would be best to attack from the Syrian enclave to the east, instead of from the Golan again. The 4,000 foot climb from that direction was very steep, but would bring the attacking force straight to the Israeli outpost without fighting on the ridge. The Golani commander, Amir Drori, concurred. Peled's 51st battalion was therefore posted in an abandoned Syrian village at the foot of the eastern side of the Hermon. For three nights, the battalion practiced a quick climb with full gear, and Peled concluded that the mission was possible. Elazar ordered him to take the entire crest, including the Syrian Hermon. Golani was to capture the Israeli Hermon, while a reserve paratroopers brigade, under the command of Colonel Haim Nadel, would attack the Syrian positions established before the war.
Prelude.
Nadel's officers suggested taking the crest and then moving down to the Israeli Hermon. Brigadier-General Yekutiel Adam, Deputy Chief of Northern Command, rejected this suggestion, saying Golani should capture the outpost it had lost. The paratroop officers suggested that Golani would attack from the east, but were rejected because the eastern slope was considered too vulnerable to Syrian artillery and too steep to safely evacuate the wounded. On the night of October 20, Drori arrived at Northern Command and was advised by a paratroop officer to change his orders. He refused.
For the two weeks before the Israeli attack, the Syrians were hiding by day, expecting an Israeli assault. Two Syrians were wounded by Israeli shelling during those two weeks. On the morning of October 21, a reconnaissance team under the command of Yoni Netanyahu climbed an adjacent spur to look at the Israeli Hermon, and reported seeing only two Syrians on the ridge the entire day. Aerial photography also failed to show any indication of Syrian forces in the outpost. That evening, 400 Golani troops gathered in a grove at the foot of the western slope. Drori told them that the Hermon was highly important, being "the eyes and ears of the country".
Battle.
Israeli Hermon.
The battalion moved to Majdal Shams, from where it began to ascend the mountain. The reconnaissance company moved far to the left. In the middle, a motorized force led by tanks and a bulldozer prepared to move up the road to follow the two flanks. These were accompanied by artillery, firing 200 yards ahead, but it was ordered to stop when it began to hit too close to the troops. After nine hours of climbing they were two thirds of the way up, when they were hit by heavy fire. Five of the six tank commanders in the motorized force were hit by Syrian commandos lying at the side of the road. The reconnaissance company was also hit and its commander was killed. The exchange of fire took place at range of a few yards. In addition to snipers, the Syrians also used Israeli machine guns taken from the outpost after the first battle.
Several times, the Israelis mistook Syrian fire for friendly one. Peled tried to outflank the Syrians. One of his company commanders took the wrong path and turned northwest instead of northeast. He reported no enemy in sight. Peled moved forward to get a better view. Drori ordered him back, but Peled ignored him. Drori was then hit, and wanted to pass command to Peled. Peled's artillery officer and radioman were both killed. He took the radio before being hit as well. At dawn artillery was called in, and the Syrian fire began to fade. Several Syrian snipers surrendered. At 11:00 AM, a Golani officer announced that the Hermon was in Israeli hands.
Syrian Hermon.
Nadel's force was airlifted to the crest by helicopters. Two battalions, totalling 606 soldiers, arrived in twenty-seven sorties. The helicopters moved through the wadis around the Syrian anti-aircraft positions, and artillery preceded the helicopters. Syrian artillery from the nearby village Irneh shelled the landing zone and seriously wounded one Israeli. Twenty-one soldiers were also landed at the summit of Mount Hermon.
By 17:25, all the Israeli paratroopers had arrived. Seven men were placed on the peak to observe. The Syrians called for seven MiGs, but these were shot down by Israeli aircraft. Two Syrian helicopters carrying reinforcements were also shot down. A Syrian ground advance from Irneh was also halted by IAF planes. The Israeli paratroopers proceeded to attack the Twists Position (, "Mutzav HaPitulim"), defended by 25–30 Syrians. One Israeli platoon commander and seven Syrians were killed, and the rest retreated. The Twists Position overlooked both the Syrian Hermon Position and the road to Irneh, so roadblocks and ambushes were set up around it. Israeli forces continued south, attacking the Cliff Position (, "Mutzav HaMatsuk"), with 30–40 Syrian defenders. Thanks in part to artillery support, the Israelis captured the position without suffering any casualties, killing 12 Syrians. The ambush around the Twists Position intercepted six Syrian trucks with reinforcements, capturing or destroying five.
At 03:00, they were overlooking the main Syrian observation post. Nadel called in artillery fire. Half an hour later, the Israeli troops attacked and discovered that the Syrian defenders had fled. At 06:00–10:00, one of the battalions moved toward the Israeli Hermon to assist the Golani troops. En route, it encountered Syrians who had escaped from the Israeli Hermon. The Israeli battalion killed some of them and took 17 others prisoner. One Israeli was killed in the shootout. The paratroopers were halfway down when they were ordered by the Northern Command to move back up.
Aftermath.
Golani's casualties were fifty-five dead and 79 wounded. The paratroopers' casualties were one dead and four wounded. After the battle, one Golani private repeated the phrase "the eyes of the country" in an interview for the Israeli television. It has since become a common idiom for the Hermon in Israel. The Israeli conduct later came under criticism. Historian Uri Milstein argued that the planning and execution of the attack was flawed and scandalous. Thirty years after the battle, Drori rejected claims that the paratroopers' assistance was unwanted because of Golani's prestige considerations, and said that by the time the paratroopers could have arrived, they were no longer needed. After the war, the Syrian Hermon was handed back to Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="20390185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390185" title="Maidstone (Owings, Maryland)">
Maidstone (Owings, Maryland)

Maidstone is one of the oldest historic surviving homes in Maryland and is located at Owings, Calvert County, Maryland. The home was built between 1683 and 1699 in what was then Anne Arundel County in the Province of Maryland. A brick in one of the chimneys is dated 1678. 
The house.
Maidstone was built as a Medieval style house with a roof progressing upwards, which extends out over the north and south facades of the house to form a porch in what many considers is traditional Maryland Colonial style. There are two outbuildings with old beams and rough-hewn horizontal siding. The grounds are well maintained, and there are stands of very old boxwood.
Ownership.
Maidstone was owned by three generations of the Chew family over a span of more than 60 years, including Benjamin Chew (1722–1810), and his father Samuel Chew (1699–1744). In 1745, Maidstone was sold to an Anne Arundel County, Maryland farmer, Lewis Lewin. In 1755, Thomas Whittington and his wife Wilhelmina Powell purchased Maidstone with the proceeds from the sale of a portion of her inheritance, a plantation called Gory Banks. The couple built their "Dwelling house" and lived there until the death of each and Maidstone became the family dwelling home for three succeeding generations. By indenture dated April 9, 1783, Thomas Whittington purchased an additional 100 acres from Lewis Lewin's son, Samuel Lewin. The purchase included "Several Parts of Tracts or Parcells of Land following being part of Three Tracts of Land called and Known by the names of Halls Hills, Mackalls Hills and Maidstone."
Thomas Whittington's will, which was probated February 9, 1786, gave one half of his land containing Maidstone "where my Dwelling house stands" to his oldest son John. His second son, Thomas, received the other half of the land containing Gory Banks, while the third son, Benjamin, received 177 Pounds in lieu of land.
In John Whittington's will, dated August 31, 1817, he stated that he had purchased the remainder of Maidstone from William Weems, Trustee for the real estate of Captain William Weems. Maidstone now contained three hundred and forty acres and was "the plantation upon which I now reside." Following John Whittington's death, Maidstone became the property of his second wife, Elizabeth Scrivener Whittington. After her death, it became the property of John Whittington's daughter, Mary, who married Henry Childs on June 26, 1820. Therefore, Maidstone Plantation passed into the Childs family and was no longer the Whittington plantation.
National Register of Historic Places.
Maidstone was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20390187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390187" title="Hubert Freakes">
Hubert Freakes

Hubert Dainton 'Trilby' Freakes (2 February 1914 – 10 March 1942) was an English rugby union international. Born and bred in South Africa, he played first-class cricket with Eastern Province before going to England.
Cricket.
In ten first-class matches from the 1931/32 to 1933/34 Currie Cup seasons, Freakes made 660 runs at 36.66 and took five wickets at 29.00. Three of those were for a representative team called 'The Rest' and he scored a century for them in a match against Transvaal. An opening batsman, he scored two other hundreds, 122 not out versus Natal and 111 against Western Province.
Rugby career.
Freakes came to England in 1936 to study at Oxford's Magdalen College, on a Rhodes scholarship. It was there that he earned his nickname 'Trilby' and he captained the University at the 1938/39 Varsity fixtures. He was capped three times for the England national side, the first of which came against Wales at Cardiff in January 1938 when he kicked a conversion. His other two caps came the following year, also in Four Nations games and England would go on to finish joint Champions. Freakes played club rugby for Harlequin during his career and had spent time at Eastern Province back when he was in South Africa.
Military and death.
Just before the outbreak of war, Freakes joined the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve and in 1941 was promoted to Flying Officer. He was attached to The Royal Air Forces Ferry Command which delivered new aircraft from the factories in Canada and the United States to British air bases. Freakes was killed on 10 March 1942 when one of their bombers span into the ground and crashed at Worcestershire's Honeybourne airfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20390188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390188" title="Ian Jenkins (Royal Navy officer)">
Ian Jenkins (Royal Navy officer)

Surgeon Vice Admiral Ian Lawrence Jenkins (12 September 1944 – 19 February 2009) was a Royal Navy medical officer and former Surgeon General of the British Armed Forces.
Career.
Ian Jenkins was born in Cardiff and graduated from the Welsh National School of Medicine in 1968. He became a Fellow of The Royal College of Surgeons of England in 1973, and a consultant urologist in 1979. 
He joined the Royal Naval Reserve in 1973 and transferred to the regular Royal Navy in 1975. His service included HMS Ark Royal, Royal Naval Hospital Haslar and Royal Naval Hospital Gibraltar, the Royal Marine Surgical Support Team and HMY Britannia. 
During his career his clinical and research interests included the management of testicular cancer in the Royal Navy, professional medical education and the development of the Defence Medical Services. 
He was appointed Professor of Naval Surgery in 1988–1991 when he became the Medical Officer in Command of RNH Haslar. In 1996 he became the first Defence Postgraduate Medical Dean and Commandant of the new Royal Defence Medical College. In 1999 he was promoted Surgeon Rear-Admiral and appointed the Medical Director General (Naval) working in Portsmouth. 
In October 2002 he became the Surgeon General of Her Majesty’s Armed Forces responsible to the Chief of the Defence Staff and the Secretary of State for Defence. Surgeon Vice Admiral Jenkins was appointed an Honorary Surgeon to Her Majesty the Queen in October 1994, a CStJ and CVO in 1999 for Services to HRH the Prince of Wales and a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 2006.
Ian Jenkins retired as the Surgeon General at the end of October 2006 and from the Royal Navy in January 2007.
Later work.
Jenkins was appointed Constable and Governor of Windsor Castle from 1 February 2008. He was Chairman of Seafarers UK and a Patron of Children and Families of the Far East Prisoners. He died on 19 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20390214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390214" title="Arthur W. MacKenzie">
Arthur W. MacKenzie

Arthur Whittier MacKenzie (June 15, 1898 -- 1986) was an army officer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Guysborough in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1945 to 1956 as a Liberal member.
Mackenzie was born at Nine Mile River, Hants County, Nova Scotia, the son of Benjamin MacKenzie and Minnie Scott. In 1926, he married Alice Fisher, with whom he had a daughter. MacKenzie married Jean Maclean (Horton) in 1935 following the death of his first wife. He became step-father to her son, and the couple went on to have another son. After being widowed a second time, MacKenzie married Geneve Forbes (Glennie), a widow with two children.
MacKenzie joined the Army during WWI while still a minor. (See "Old Enough to Fight: Canada's Boy Soldiers During the First World War" By Dan Black and John Boileau). He also served in WWII and became a Lieutenant-Colonel. 
After the war MacKenzie served as Minister of Agriculture and Minister of Lands and Forests in the province's Executive Council. He was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1956. 

</doc>
<doc id="20390224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390224" title="Pontus Renholm">
Pontus Renholm

Pontus Renholm (born March 16, 1986) is a Swedish backstroke swimmer representing Stockholmspolisens IF. He currently attends Southern Methodist University.

</doc>
<doc id="20390234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390234" title="Krantikaal">
Krantikaal

Krantikaal (,English title: Critical Encounter) (2005) is an award-winning Indian Bengali feature film directed by Sekhar Das of Mahulbanir Sereng fame.
Plot.
The story is of terrorism that’s plaguing different parts of the Northeast as the backdrop. Shilajeet Majumdar, a militant on the run, takes refuge in a dilapidated mansion. Rupa Ganguly stays there with her father-in-law Soumitra Chatterjee and his father Haradhan Bandopadhyay who’s confined to bed and is unable to speak. This film focuses on the friction and undercurrent of tension between the lady of the house and the terrorist. It leads to a brief mutual self-discovery that gives rise to compassion.

</doc>
<doc id="20390237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390237" title="Ensifer">
Ensifer

Ensifer, sword-bearer in Latin, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20390242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390242" title="Space Tanks">
Space Tanks

Space Tanks – Gladiatoren im All is an artillery strategy game developed by the German based YawThrust Software Labs. (now: Black Blowfish - Interactive Imbeciles) and published by Pepper Games (Germany) in Summer 2003. Re-Released in by Alten8, the game pits players against one another or against the computer, utilising tanks in a futuristic setting. Assuming the role of a tank commander on a tiny planet, the player attempts to win each stage by knocking the opposing player off their planet.
Gameplay.
"Space Tanks" is an artillery game similar to Gravity Wars with a free moving mouse cursor for aiming, selecting tanks, and using the weapon shop. This interface is also used for looking left or right, up and down. An inventory on the heads-up display stores items and weapons.
The weapons in Space Tanks are at affected by of each of the planet's gravity and it takes a reasonable amount of trial and error before the player's shots start hitting on target. There are over 30 weapons and 70 tanks in the final game, with each projectile having a different velocity or weight, thus being affected by the gravity in a different manner.
The player is given a budget which is to be used on buying tanks, making repairs and using different weapons. Every time the player wins, they earn more money. Replacement tanks must be purchased, so if a player runs out of money and their last tank is destroyed, they are out of the game.
Critical reception.
Computer Bild Spiele magazine gave the game a 2.02 score of "good", noting that the graphics are passable, the music shrill but varied and a lack of gameplay options. The Combat Judge – a pair of disembodied hands and eyes that fill the screen to applaud – was deemed "silly". Whilst the number of weapons is large, it was felt that the levels (the "solar systems") could have been more varied.

</doc>
<doc id="20390243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390243" title="Willow Glenn">
Willow Glenn

Willow Glenn is a historic home located at Barstow, Calvert County, Maryland, United States. It is an impressive, Georgian structure of grand proportions; constructed entirely of brick in Flemish bond with random glazed headers. The home typifies the kind of dwelling erected by Maryland's wealthiest tobacco planters of the colonial period.
Willow Glenn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20390246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390246" title="Esma Sultan">
Esma Sultan

Esma Sultan is the name of three daughters of three Ottoman Sultans:

</doc>
<doc id="20390247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390247" title="Moonshine (Bert Jansch album)">
Moonshine (Bert Jansch album)

Moonshine is the eighth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20390259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390259" title="Niels Skousen">
Niels Skousen

Niels Skousen (born January 28, 1944 in Cologne, Germany) is a Danish composer, guitarist, actor and poet. Niels Skousen is married to Linda Wendel (since 2003).
He started his musical career in 1964. After having heard the Bob Dylan album Another Side Of Bob Dylan, he started writing songs and learning to play guitar. His inspiration from Bob Dylan has lasted throughout his career.
He started on medical school, but left it to pursue a career as musician and actor. Niels Skousen made his record debut in 1971 with "Herfra hvor vi står" (Lyrics and music).
Discografi.
Solo Records:
With others:

</doc>
<doc id="20390264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390264" title="Dalvey Farm Halt railway station">
Dalvey Farm Halt railway station

Dalvey Farm Halt railway station was one of four halts, Imperial Cottages, Gibley's Cottages, Dalvey Farm, and Ballifurth Farm, opened on the Speyside route between Elgin and Aviemore on 15 June 1959, on the introduction of railbuses. Drivers were warned when approaching the halts by white boards stating 'Request Stop 100 Yards Ahead'.
History.
Opened by the Scottish Region of British Railways in 1959, it was then closed by the British Railways Board when services on the line were withdrawn in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20390266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390266" title="Flying Solo">
Flying Solo

Flying Solo is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher, first published in 1998.
Plot.
Mr. Fabiano is a sixth-grade teacher that calls in sick on April 28. When his class arrives they discover that their substitute teacher has not shown up. The class decides that they will not report this to administration and decide to run the classroom by themselves. The students follow the instructions left by their teacher and all goes fairly smoothly.
Characters
Themes.
Several of the topics in the novel include selective mutism, death and grief.
Reception.
Susan P. Bloom in her review for "Horn Book Magazine" was positive, saying "this kaleidoscopic novel is more thoughtful and poignant than most school stories, while still appropriately leavened with comic moments"; it "demonstrates an utter respect for its characters and its readers, who will appreciate the honest and uncondescending portrayals." Julie Siebecker reviewing for "School Library Journal" said that "the prose is economical but not sparse, and the characters are developed as sketches rather than in-depth portraits, which helps keep the book moving briskly. Not a must-have but a worthwhile purchase." Nancy J. Johnson in her review for "The Reading Teacher" said that "Fletcher's characters are realistic and complicated. They rely on the writing lessons Mr. Fabiano taught them to explain, understand, and uncover the challenges of growing up and facing independence."
External links.
Recommended For 5th Graders

</doc>
<doc id="20390275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390275" title="Louis Cretey">
Louis Cretey

Louis Cretey, formerly known as Pierre-Louis Cretey (c.1635, in Lyon - after 1702), was a French baroque painter.
Life.
Records place Cretey in Rome from 1661 to 1679, then Modena in 1679 - another place he probably worked was Parma. He then returned to France and spent most of his subsequent career in Lyon, gaining renown from the 1680s onwards as a history painter and for producing altarpieces like "The Road to Emmaus" (Lyon, Ste Blandine). He became Thomas Blanchet's main collaborator, working with him on many decorative schemes such as work at the Palais de Roanne (now Palais de Justice). From 1684 to 1686, Cretey created a series of paintings for the refectory of the Benedictine abbey of Saint-Pierre, including "The Last Supper", "The Multiplication of the Loaves", "The Assumption of the Virgin", "The Ascension of Christ" and an "The prophet Elias". These refectory paintings (now in the Musée des beaux-arts de Lyon) show groups of figures vividly lit in front of dark backgrounds, recalling not only 16th-century Venetian pre-baroque prototypes but also Simon Vouet's early Italian works and their chiaroscuro.

</doc>
<doc id="20390299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390299" title="Spider Boy (novel)">
Spider Boy (novel)

Spider Boy is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher, first published in 1997.
Plot summary.
Bobby Ballenger is starting a new school a thousand miles from his old home. He moved from Illinois to New Paltz, New York and his interest in spiders has earned him the nickname of Spider Boy from Illinois given to him by the class bully. His pet tarantula has not eaten since the family moved. Bobby keeps a journal where he records interesting facts about spiders and then uses it to record his frustrations and realizations about his new school.
Reception.
Elizabeth Watson in her review for "Horn Book Magazine" said that "while accessible and fast-moving, the book is not lightweight; it deals head on with problems such as the bully who deliberately kills one of Bobby's pet tarantulas, a cheating incident, and the question of forgiveness. Although the book is somewhat didactically programmed, Bobby remains a sympathetic protagonist, realistic in his imperfections." Adele Greenlee in her review for "School Library Journal" was mixed saying that "the use of spiders in Bobby's journal and in the plot is a unique unifying theme of this novel. However, the character development is less successful. It takes awhile for readers to care about Bobby. The supporting characters are stereo-types (bully, understanding teacher, confident older sister). The story moves slowly and is limited in intensity until a final crisis. The resolution is predictable but upbeat. Bobby finds a niche for his unique interests, new friends with whom to play football, and even a little romance."

</doc>
<doc id="20390302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390302" title="Preston-on-the-Patuxent">
Preston-on-the-Patuxent

Preston-on-the-Patuxent is a historic home located at Johnstown, Calvert County, Maryland, United States. It is a modest -story brick house which has had several later additions made to it. While the home has a traditional construction date of about 1651, there is no structural evidence to indicate a date earlier than about 1725. Preston-on-the-Patuxent is popularly, if erroneously, known as the seat of the government of Maryland from 1654 to 1657, during the Puritan regime. The belief that the property was the "capital" comes from evidence that the Council, the Assembly, and the Provincial Court met "at Patuxent" in the 1650s. Richard Preston, a participant in each of the three bodies, most probably hosted their meetings in his dwelling located near the Patuxent River.
Preston-on-the-Patuxent was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20390325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390325" title="Thomas Blanchet">
Thomas Blanchet

Thomas Blanchet (1614 – 21 June 1689) was a French painter, draughtsman, architect, sculptor and printmaker.
Life.
Blanchet is thought to have been born in Paris. During his training there, Blanchet met Jacques Sarazin, and on his advice moved from studying sculpture to painting. During this time he familiarised himself with the Baroque and the School of Fontainebleau's Mannerism, new imports into Paris at this time. Among his probably co-students was Simon Vouet. He stayed in Rome from c.1645 to 1653 and worked with artists in Nicolas Poussin's circle, as well as visiting the studios of Andrea Sacchi and Pietro da Cortona. He was highly praised by Gianlorenzo Bernini, who he also visited. Blanchet produced paintings for Niccolo Guido di Bagno (1584–1663), made engravings of ancient tombs and views or "prospettive" and a mausoleum for Rene de Voyer d'Argenson, French ambassador to Venice in San Giobbe, Venice (1654). He died in Lyon.

</doc>
<doc id="20390362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390362" title="Tatiane Alves">
Tatiane Alves

Tatiane Alves (born c. 1986) is a model, an accounting consultant, and a beauty queen, who represented Brazil in the eighth edition of the Miss Earth beauty pageant. She emerged as one of the winners and crowned as Miss Earth Fire, which is equivalent to 3rd runner-up.
Miss Earth 2008.
Alves, Miss Minas Gerais Universe 2005, and Miss Brazil Universe's 4th runner-up that year, was announced as Miss Earth Brazil 2008 during the election of Miss Minas Gerais Universe 2009, which took place in the city of Divinópolis last September 7, 2008. She started modeling at the age of 13.
Alves was selected by the pageant's new national organizers, who also have the Universe franchise in the state of Minas Gerais. Beleza Brasil, or Miss Earth Brazil 2009, that took place on November 28, 2008, in Belo Horizontes, Minas Gerais state.
In the final competition of the eighth edition of the international beauty pageant Miss Earth, Alves represented Brazil and was announced as one of sixteen semi-finalists who would move forward to compete for the title. She achieved one of the eight highest scores in the swimsuit competition for her stage chops, which advanced her as one of the top eight finalists to participate in the evening gown competition. She then pulled away for the lead as she articulated in her video interview about environmental concerns as a key issue in her country, in which she advanced to the top four.
In the last round, the court of four were asked one question, “What would you tell US president-elect Barack Obama about the state of the global environment if ever you were to meet him?” She placed fourth in the interview round and at the conclusion of the competition, she was crowned Miss Earth Fire. 
This was the first time Brazil entered the top-4 of Miss Earth since Priscilla Meirelles in 2004. In the Miss Earth 2008, Alves got the Best in Smile Award, a minor award which was given after the Long Gown Competition and Miss Golden Sunset award. The Miss Earth pageant was held on November 9, 2008 at the Clark Expo Amphitheater in Angeles City, Pampanga, Philippines. Eighty-five delegates arrived from October 19, 2008 in the Philippines. The pageant was broadcast live via ABS-CBN in the Philippines and to many countries worldwide via Star World, The Filipino Channel and other partner networks.

</doc>
<doc id="20390369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390369" title="San Giobbe">
San Giobbe

The Church of St Job () is a Roman Catholic church in Venice, northern Italy, dedicated to Saint Job. It is located in the Cannaregio, overlooking the campo of the same name, known as Sant'Agiopo in Venetian, on the left bank of the Cannaregio canal at Ponte dei Tre Archi. It is one of the five votive churches built in Venice after an onset of plague.
History.
In 1378 a hospice with a small oratory dedicated to San Giobbe or Saint Job attached was begun on this site by Giovanni Contarini, on land he owned near his house. It was completed by his daughter Lucia, with the help of the Minor Observant Friars. The oratory was replaced by the present church by Bernardino of Siena, with the financial backing of doge Cristoforo Moro in gratitude for Bernardino's prophesy that Moro would become doge - Cristoforo donated 10,000 ducats to the building works in 1471, three months before his death, and was buried in the church. Work began in 1450, paused until 1470, and was finally consecrated in 1493, as one of the first examples of Renaissance architecture in the city. It was begun by Antonio Gambello and (when work began again in 1470) completed by the sculptor and architect Pietro Lombardo, with the latter designing the present altar arch and main door as well as much of the interior decoration.
It contains the tomb of René de Voyer de Paulmy d'Argenson, French ambassador to the Republic of Venice, by the French sculptors Claude Perreau and Thomas Blanchet. Its altarpieces house works by Vivarini, Pietro Lombardo, Luca Della Robbia, Basaiti and Bordone, as well as Girolamo Savoldo's "Il Presepio" (1540). The church also formerly held Giovanni Bellini's San Giobbe Altarpiece and Vittore Carpaccio's "The Presentation of Jesus in the Temple": these works are now in the Gallerie dell'Accademia in the same city.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="20390377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390377" title="Air instrument">
Air instrument

In the context of musical performance, air instruments are imaginary musical instruments for which people mimic the sound-producing gestures in the air without touching any real instruments. Air instruments include:
There are other air instruments as well.
Origins.
The playing of air instruments has been documented through the 20th century (see: Air guitar). However, no sources have been found that exclude the playing of air instruments in ancient times, during private performances, such as for air flute or air lyre (for lyres or harps).one gesture musical instrument which won 1st place in the 2008 Chicago Makers Faire at the Chicago's Museum of Science and Industry is an instrument named Airheads that demonstrates the ability to simulate different musical instrument using only your hand gestures moving in the air.
Air Bass.
Internationally renowned air bass player, His Lordship - Mr. Fun is attributed with helping to launch major music careers. Most recently, his work for Adele helped win her 6 grammy awards. Mr. Fun, or "Grandfather" as he is also fondly called, is available for private parties and back-up musical accompaniment across the UK and North America. He also makes a mean bloody mary.
Air Drums.
Invented by John R. Folaron see www.Air-Instruments.com a gesture musical instrument which won 1st place in the 2008 Chicago Makers Faire at the Chicago's Museum of Science and Industry, This instrument named Airheads demonstrates the ability to simulate different musical instrument using only your hand gestures moving in the air. Using the Instrument as a Drummer would has been achieved very effectively for
the use in live concert performances.
Air piano.
For the air piano, both left and right hands can be used, as well as moving the feet to mimic pressing the piano floor pedals.
Besides the imaginary air piano, there is a motion-activated musical instrument interface called an "AirPiano" which is controlled by waving the hands above the top.
The AirPiano is a musical computer interface (from 2007) which allows playing and controlling software instruments simply by moving hands in the air over the device, connected by USB cable. Above the AirPiano is an invisible matrix of virtual keys plus faders, each pre-assigned with MIDI messages and waiting to be triggered, via infrared sensors. The length of each triggered note is determined by the time the hand is placed over the corresponding virtual key. Beyond the feedback of the sounds changing, hand placement is also confirmed by LED feedback. The first version of AirPiano generated polyphonic sound, with 24 keys using 8 faders.
The AirPiano software provides for the loading/saving of presets and transposing notes. The AirPiano technique has been filed as a Provisional U.S. Patent Application (Number: 60/989,986).
Air violin.
Besides the gestures to accompany real violin performances, playing the air violin can also be a form of sarcasm, to indicate that another person seems to be rambling with a sob story or whining excessively, in self-pity.

</doc>
<doc id="20390379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390379" title="Spear's Wealth Management Survey">
Spear's Wealth Management Survey

Spear's (formerly known as Spear's WMS or Spear's Wealth Management Survey), founded in 2006 by William Cash, is a bimonthly British magazine for high net worth individuals and those in the financial service industries. It has been called "the Bible of the banking fraternity" by "GQ" and "a European rival to Forbes" by "The Evening Standard". Its subscribers include over 30,000 of Europe’s decision-makers and wealthy. William Cash, Editor-in-Chief of Spear’s, has twice won Editor of the Year at the PPA Awards (2007 and 2008). Spear's is published by Progressive Digital Media. The launch in 2006 included publicity from "The Independent", "The Guardian", the "Luxist" and "The Times".
Spear's Indices are surveys of key people in the high net worth world.Spear's Salon is Spear's blogging forum which hosts a number of regular contributors.
History.
William Cash, a magazine writer who has also been a foreign correspondent for "The Times" and the "The Daily Telegraph", was "Annabel's Magazine's" contract publisher in 2005, when they published the pilot edition of Spear's as a supplement. At that time there was competition for advertisements from "fashion houses and luxury brands" upon which the magazine depended. Cash launched Spear's Wealth Management Survey in April 2006 with a targeted audience of "the 30,000 wealthiest, most successful and influential people in the UK: from Rich Listers to royalty; hedge fund managers to serial entrepreneurs; oligarchs to internet moguls; cabinet ministers to Sir Alex Ferguson." In February 2003 Cash married Ilaria Bulgari, whose father was the vice-chairman of Bulgari, the third largest jewellery company in the world. They divorced in 2007 and Cash sold 67% of his stake in the magazine for a seven-figure deal. Then in 2009 he bought his shares back. Cash is the owner of Upton Cressett Hall, a 16th-century Tudor manor in Shropshire. 
Spear's Salon.
Topics covered in Spear's WMS include 'Asset Management' with articles on investments in bonds versus equities, quantitative easing, impact of Mark Carney's appointment on the HNW individuals, Risks and Rewards of Rare Earths Investments; 'Art & Collecting' with articles on the art market boom, gallery etiquette and collectors who only want top names; 'The Good Life' with articles on owning your own island, airports becoming more luxurious, Aston Martin, Lamborghini and Porsche competitions; 'Property' with articles on the repossession of a £5.25 million in One Hyde Park, social investment and the housing crisis and leaseholds in London; 'Legal' and 'Taxation" with articles on challenging the notion that companies must minimise the tax they pay, that tax avoidance is not a fiduciary duty, how US laws impact tax evasion by use of Swiss banks and G20 take action against tax-avoiding multinationals. They also deal with topics such as how to manage profits on the sale of hobby thoroughbreds without incurring a tax liability, and bulletproof cars.
Spear's Power Indices.
"Spear's" publishes their Power Indices in each quarterly issue in which they rank and rate the "top 100 individuals in each wealth management sector. Indexes include: London's top UHNW wealth managers, Spear's Top Divorce Lawyers, Spear's Hotel Index, Spear's Security Index, Education Index, UHNW Wealth Management and Family Office Index, Legal Index, Accountancy Index, Philanthropy Index, Reputation Management Index, Property Index, Artan Collecting Index, International Financial Centres Index (IFCs), Security Index, Private Equity Index, Business Angels Index and Hotels Index.
Spear's editorial staff.
William Cash is Editor-in-Chief
Josh Spero is Editor
Emily Rookwood is Managing Editor
Anthony Haden-Guest is Arts Editor
John Arlidge is Luxury and Travel Editor
Stephen Hill is Economics Editor
Freddy Barker is Head of the Spear's Research Unit
Spear's Book Awards.
Spear's Book Awards are given annually in a number of categories. The awards were inaugurated in 2009; the first winners included Gillian Tett's "Fool's Gold" and Liaquat Ahamed's "Lords of Finance". The winners in 2010 included Andrew Ross Sorkin's "Too Big to Fail".

</doc>
<doc id="20390403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390403" title="Dunedin West">
Dunedin West

Dunedin West was a New Zealand parliamentary electorate, in the city of Dunedin. It existed for three periods between 1881 and 1996 and was represented by seven Members of Parliament.
Population centres.
The previous electoral redistribution was undertaken in 1875 for the 1875–76 election. In the six years since, New Zealand's European population had increased by 65%. In the 1881 electoral redistribution, the House of Representatives increased the number of European representatives to 91 (up from 84 since the 1875–76 election). The number of Māori electorates was held at four. The House further decided that electorates should not have more than one representative, which led to 35 new electorates being formed, including Dunedin West, and two electorates that had previously been abolished to be recreated. This necessitated a major disruption to existing boundaries.
The electorate was urban, and comprised a number of suburbs in the west of Dunedin.
History.
The electorate existed in the 19th century from 1881 to 1890. It was represented by:
The electorate was recreated, from 1908 to 1946. Stewart's son, also called William Downie Stewart, represented the electorate for the Reform Party from 1914 to 1935, when he was defeated by Labour's Gervan McMillan.
In 1984 the electorate was recreated again, until the introduction of MMP in 1996. Clive Matthewson represented the electorate from 1984 to 1996. He left the New Zealand Labour Party in 1995, and was one of the founders of the United New Zealand party.
Election results.
Dunedin West was represented by seven Members of Parliament.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="20390404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390404" title="Santa Barbara Honeymoon">
Santa Barbara Honeymoon

Santa Barbara Honeymoon is the tenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 1975.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Bert Jansch; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20390464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390464" title="Imperial Cottages Halt railway station">
Imperial Cottages Halt railway station

Imperial Cottages Halt railway station was one of four halts, Imperial Cottages, Gibley's Cottages, Dalvey Farm, and Ballifurth Farm, opened on the Speyside route between Elgin and Aviemore on 15 June 1959, on the introduction of railbuses. Drivers were warned when approaching the halts by white boards stating 'Request Stop 100 Yards Ahead'.
History.
Opened by the Scottish Region of British Railways in 1959, it was then closed by the British Railways Board when services on the line were withdrawn in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20390469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390469" title="Harry McGregor (footballer)">
Harry McGregor (footballer)

Harry McGregor was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. McGregor was playing for East Stirlingshire before signing for Dundee United after showing up well in a public trial in August 1928. He made his debut at the beginning of September 1928, displacing Jock McHugh between the posts. He became the first choice keeper for the rest of the season and helped the side to promotion, winning the Scottish Second Division championship. During the First Division campaign that followed, McGregor became the understudy to McHugh until the end of the season and was released in April 1930, joining Alloa Athletic. McGregor died in the early 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="20390472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390472" title="Leona Dare">
Leona Dare

Leona Dare (1854/55 – May 23/24, 1922) was an American trapeze artist and aerial acrobat, billed often as the "Queen of the Antilles" or the "Pride of Madrid". She was famous for her stunts on trapezes suspended from ascending balloons.
Leona Dare's real name was Susan Adeline Stuart or Stewart. Her teachers in acrobatics were the Hall brothers, Thomas and Stewart Hall, who were sometimes billed as the "Brothers Dare". In 1871, she married Thomas Hall in New Orleans or in New York City (sources disagree). The same year, she debuted as an artist at Nixon's Amphitheatre in New York City; a year later, she was with the circus of Joel E. Warner. Her specialty was the "iron jaw" act, in which she held onto her supporting apparatus with nothing but the strength of her bite, or in which she herself held other artists or their supports with her mouth only. In August 1872, she performed in Indianapolis for the first time suspended under a hot-air balloon, lifting her husband and partner off the ground, holding him by his waistband only with her teeth.
Subsequently, she toured through Europe. Her performances at the foremost locations in Europe, including the "Folies Bergère" in Paris, made her rather famous in Europe. In 1875, she left her husband, though she later claimed he had abandoned her. An accident in the late 1870s forced her to put her career on hold for several years. In June 1880, while still recovering, she married Mr. Ernest Theodore Grunebaum in London, a well-off son of a family from Vienna. Back in Chicago later that year, it was discovered that she was still married to Hall, yet she managed to get a divorce from Hall ("in absentia") on November 15 and re-married Grunebaum in Chicago on November 17, 1880.
Later in the early 1880s, she appeared again on European stages. In 1884, she had accident during a performance in Valencia in Spain, where she let drop her partner, who died of his injuries.
In 1888, Leona Dare teamed up with Swiss balloonist Eduard Spelterini. He would take her, suspended under the basket of his balloon, to great heights (some sources speak of 5000 feet), while she performed her acrobatics. Their ascents in June and July 1888 at the Crystal Palace in London made them world-famous, and together they toured through Europe until Moscow. In October 1889, they were at Bucharest, apparently their last performance together.
In 1890, Leona Dare was again in Paris. During another balloon show, she let go of the trapeze when the balloon drifted away, and broke her leg. Around 1894/95, she appears to have stopped performing altogether. After her retirement, she lived at Oakwood, Staten Island. She died at Spokane, Washington at the age of 67.

</doc>
<doc id="20390478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390478" title="Sneaky Sound System discography">
Sneaky Sound System discography

The discography of Sneaky Sound System, an Australian dance music group consists of three studio albums, two compilation albums, a remix album, thirteen singles and fifteen music videos. The group formed in 2001, and released their first remix album, "Other Peoples Music", in 2003 through Sony Music Australia.
After setting up their own record label, Whack Records, Sneaky Sound System released their self-titled debut studio album in 2006. The album spawned the hit singles "Pictures" and "UFO". It peaked at number five on the ARIA Albums Chart, and was certified triple platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). The album earnt the group seven nominations at the 2007 ARIA Music Awards, winning the awards for "Breakthrough Artist Album" and "Best Dance Release". In 2008, Sneaky Sound System released their second studio album, "2", which debuted at number one ARIA Albums Chart. Its lead single, "Kansas City", peaked at number fourteen on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified gold.
In 2009, the group collaborated with Dutch DJ, Tiësto on the track, "I Will Be Here", for his fourth studio album, "Kaleidoscope". The song reached the top fifty on the UK Singles Chart, and top forty on the Netherlands' Single Top 100 chart. Later that year, member Daimon Downey parted ways with the group to pursue other interests, leaving Angus McDonald and Connie Mitchell as the remaining members. In 2011, Sneaky Sound System signed with major record label, Modular Recordings. Their third studio album, "From Here to Anywhere", was released on 7 October 2011. Its lead single, "We Love", was released on 27 May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20390497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390497" title="Djab Wurrung people">
Djab Wurrung people

The Djab wurrung people are Indigenous Australians who occupy the volcanic plains of central Victoria from the Mount William Range of Gariwerd in the west to the Pyrenees range in the east encompassing the Wimmera River flowing north and the headwaters of the Hopkins River flowing south. The towns of Ararat, Stawell and Hamilton are within their territory. There were 41 Djab wurrung clans who formed an alliance with the neighboring Jardwadjali people through intermarriage, shared culture, trade and moiety system.
Alternate transcriptions of the name are Chaap Wuurong, Djabwurrung, Tjapwuring, Tjapwurong etc.
Society.
The Djab wurrung were a matrilineal society, with descent system based on the "Gamadj" (black cockatoo) and "Grugidj" (white cockatoo) moieties. "Grugidj" sub-totems included pelican, parrot, mopoke and large kangaroo. "Gamadj" sub-totems included emu, whip snake, possum, koala, and sparrowhawk. Clans intermarried with the Dja Dja Wurrung, Jardwadjali, Dhauwurd wurrung and Wada wurrung peoples.
The Djab Wurrung were semi-nomadic hunter gatherers within their territorial boundaries. During winter their encampments were more permanent, sometimes consisting of substantial huts as attested by Major Thomas Mitchell near Mount Napier in 1836:
During early Autumn there were large gatherings of up to 1000 people for one to two months hosted at the Mount William swamp or at Lake Bolac for the annual eel migration. Several tribes attended these gatherings including the Girai wurrung, Djargurd wurrung, Dhauwurd wurrung and Wada wurrung. Near Mount William, an elaborate network of channels, weirs and eel traps and stone shelters had been constructed, indicative of a semi-permanent lifestyle in which eels were an important economic component for food and bartering, particularly the Short-finned eel. Near Lake Bolac a semi-permanent village extended some 35 kilometres along the river bank during autumn. George Augustus Robinson on 7 July 1841 described some of the infrastructure that had been constructed near Mount William:
In mid summer gatherings for ceremony and hunting took place at Mirraewuae, a marsh near Hexham rich with emu and other game.
Wimmera pioneer James Dawson witnessed a group of young Djab Wurrung men playing the Marn grook football game with a stitched up possum skin for the ball:
Tom Wills family moved to a station near Ararat around 1840, when he was 5 years old, and he grew up often playing with the local aboriginal kids and learning the local dialect. He was influential later in establishing and codifying Australian Rules football, although whether Marn Grook influenced the development of the game is still being debated.
Some of the Djab wurrung clans are thought to have practiced burial of their dead in trees. According to Hyett there have been two recent discoveries to the west of Ararat of secondary tree burials, involving the re-interment of two or more individuals, and a primary interment of a child in a hollow tree in the vicinity of Stawell.
Language.
Djab wurrung was one of four primary languages spoken in western Victoria. Sub dialects included Djab wurrung, Knenknen wurrung, and Pirtpirt wurrung. The Djab wurrung language shared 90 percent common vocabulary with Jardwadjali, 80 percent common vocabulary with Dja Dja Wurrung, 70 percent with Wergaia and Wemba-Wemba, 48 percent with Dhauwurd wurrung and 42 percent with Buandig.
History.
The Djab wurrung occupied their lands for up to 40,000 years, although the oldest known occupation site, in Gariwerd, is dated at 22,000 BP.
It is likely the Djab wurrung were well aware of Europeans from their communications with coastal tribes. Their first explicit contact was with Major Thomas Mitchell exploring western Victoria in September 1836 when he surprised two women of the "Utoul balug" and their children near Mount Cole. Two years later, in 1838, the squatters with their sheep started settling in Djab wurrung country.
European Settlement from 1836 was marked by resistance to the invasion often by driving off or stealing sheep which then resulted in conflict and sometimes a massacre of aboriginal people. From 1840 to 1859 there were reports of 35 massacres and killings of Djab wurrung people, most occurring before the end of 1842. Very few of these reports were acted upon to bring the settlers to court.
Resistance also took the form of maintaining connections to country and culture through whatever means were available. On the Campbell brothers Mount Cole run, settled in 1840, the "Beeripmo balug" and "Utoul balug" clans were allowed to stay on the run and were actively supplied with food and clothing establishing a relationship of care and protection. The Campbell brothers discouraged white employees from visiting the out-stations further reducing possible interaction and conflict. Archeological evidence shows that the "Beeripmo balug" and "Utoul balug" maintained their connection to country, culture and food diet well into the 1860s on the property.
In 1841 Kolorer (Mount Rouse) and Burrumbeep were gazetted as aboriginal reserves, although only the Kolorer reserve was used by Djab wurrung. In 1842 and 1843 Kolorer was used as a base to launch guerilla attacks against the growing squatters and their sheep and then retreat to the reserve which was under the protection of the Assistant Protector of Aborigines, Charles Sievwright. Resistance to the European invasion peaked between 1840 to 1842. By 1848 all the Djab wurrung lands had been squatted and resistance had been broken through the use of Border Police and the Native Police Corps.
By 1845 the Djab Wurrung population had dropped from a conservative pre-contact estimate of 2050 to 615. Three quarters are estimated to have been killed by introduced diseases, poisoned flour, diseased blankets and starvation due to shortage of traditional foods, and a quarter killed by rifle attack.
During the gold rush period the Djab wurrung saw large numbers of European and Chinese people camping on their land in search for gold, but the search for gold also attracted many station hands, and so Djab wurrung people often found employment as station hands and in menial jobs around the stations during this period.
In the 1870s the Djab wurrung were largely dispersed to the reservations: the Hamilton mob to Lake Condah, the Wickcliffe people to Framlingham mission, and the Mount Cole people to Framlingham and Coranderrk station.
Djab Wurrung today.
In 1989 there was a proposal by Victorian Minister for Tourism, Steve Crabb to rename many geographical place names associated with aboriginal heritage in the Gariwerd - Grampians National Park area. There was much community opposition to this proposal. The Brambuk centre, representing five aboriginal communities with historical links to the area, advocated a dual name for the main area: Gariwerd/Grampians.
Some of the changes included:
The "Brambuk National Park and Cultural Centre" in Halls Gap is owned and managed by Jardwadjali and Djab Wurrung people from five Aboriginal communities with historic links to the Gariwerd-Grampians ranges and the surrounding plains.

</doc>
<doc id="20390508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390508" title="Ian McManus">
Ian McManus

Ian McManus (born 23 August 1945) is an Australian politician. He was an Australian Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1987 to 2003, representing the electorates of Heathcote (1987–88, 1999–2003), Burragorang (1988–1991) and Bulli (1991–99). He was a parliamentary secretary in the first two terms of the Carr Labor government.
McManus was born in Scotland, and his family migrated to Australia when he was a child. He attended Helensburgh Primary School, St Patrick's College in Sutherland and St George Technical College in Kogarah. He worked as a junior postal officer after leaving school, before joining the Royal Australian Navy, where he served as a sonar operator from 1963 to 1971, serving in Borneo, the Malacca Straits and Vietnam. He won the United States Unit Commendation for his service during Operation Sea Dragon in the Gulf of Tonkin during the Vietnam War. He left the navy in 1971, and worked as a senior inspector with his local water board until his election to parliament. He was also an alderman with the City of Wollongong council and Illawarra County Council from 1977 until 1983.
McManus entered state politics in 1987 after winning Labor endorsement for a difficult by-election, sparked by the resignation of former Labor minister Rex Jackson amidst a serious corruption scandal which would later lead to Jackson's imprisonment. The race was made further difficult for Labor due to Jackson's surprise decision to run as an independent, but McManus survived a severe anti-Labor swing to take the seat ahead of Liberal candidate Allan Andrews.
After a hostile electoral redistribution, McManus shifted to the safer seat of Burragorang at the 1988 general election, where Andrews won Heathcote at his second attempt. He again shifted to the newly revived seat of Bulli at the 1991 election, and was re-elected in 1995 with the election of the Carr Labor government. McManus served as a parliamentary secretary in the first two terms of the Carr government, and retired in 2003. He has worked as a consultant since leaving politics.

</doc>
<doc id="20390510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390510" title="Gilbey's Cottages Halt railway station">
Gilbey's Cottages Halt railway station

Gilbey's Cottages Halt railway station was one of four halts, Imperial Cottages, Gilbey's Cottages, Dalvey Farm, and Ballifurth Farm, opened on the Speyside route between Elgin and Aviemore on 15 June 1959, on the introduction of railbuses. Drivers were warned when approaching the halts by white boards stating 'Request Stop 100 Yards Ahead'.
History.
Opened by the Scottish Region of British Railways in 1959, it was then closed by the British Railways Board when services on the line were withdrawn in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20390512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390512" title="Marc-René de Voyer de Paulmy d'Argenson (1623–1700)">
Marc-René de Voyer de Paulmy d'Argenson (1623–1700)

Marc-René de Voyer de Paulmy d'Argenson (13 December 1623, Blois - May 1700, Venice) seigneur d'Argenson et de Vueil-le-Mesnil, comte de Rouffiac, was a French knight, politician and diplomat.
Biography.
A son of René de Voyer de Paulmy d'Argenson and of Hélène de La Font, he was made councillor to the Parlement de Normandie on 26 August 1642, was intendant subdelegate of his father in the elections at Saintes and Cognac on 1 November 1644, and in the généralité of Poitiers on 2 January 1646.
Made maître des requêtes on 4 August 1649, on the following 4 September he became conseiller d'État and replaced his father as French ambassador to the Venetian Republic, where he then lived until 28 November 1655. On 25 January 1654 the king of France elevated Rouffiac in Angoumois to the status of a county in Marc-René's favour. Marc-René obtained letters patent as honorary maître des requêtes on 14 February 1657. He was a friend of Jean-Louis Guez de Balzac.
On 8 May 1650 he married Marguerite Houlier de La Pouyade. They had 7 children:

</doc>
<doc id="20390513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390513" title="Live at the High &amp; Lonesome Club">
Live at the High &amp; Lonesome Club

Recorded by Len Milne at 234 Main Street in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, Live at the High & Lonesome Club is the fourth album from The Perpetrators. The follow-up to 2007's "Tow Truck", it is the second Pepetrators' album to feature Chris "MAMA" Bauer on drums alongside founding members, J Nowicki and Ryan Menard.

</doc>
<doc id="20390533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390533" title="Clive Bradley (musician)">
Clive Bradley (musician)

Clive Bradley (4 November 1936 - 26 November 2005) was a known arranger of steelpan music.
Person.
Bradley grew up in Diego Martin, Trinidad, where he attended elementary school. He then went to Fatima College. Although he did not play steelpan himself he was closely associated with the Desperadoes Steel Orchestra from Laventille.
He was a teacher of mathematics at Fatima College and later on at the University of West Indies.
Clive Bradley also arranged for a number of steelbands from New York City.
In 1999, he arranged the same song for two different competitions and steelbands and won the Panorama title both in Port-of-Spain and New York. He repeated the same in the year 2000, won the Panorama title in Trinidad and came second in New York.
This achievement is a good example of Clive Bradley's musical genius and immense reservoir of creative ideas.
Panorama.
Panorama in Trinidad.
Bradley won the Panorama competition in Trinidad seven times, six times with Desperadoes. 
Panorama in New York.
Over the years, Bradley took part with three steelbands in the New York Panorama, held during the West Indian Carnival Day. He won the competition ten times with two different groups:

</doc>
<doc id="20390537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390537" title="Four Lanes">
Four Lanes

Four Lanes () is a village in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom approximately three miles (5 kilometres) south of Redruth at in the civil parish of Carn Brea.
Pencoys is a smaller settlement which adjoins Four Lanes immediately to the south.
Four Lanes and Pencoys are on the upland plateau of the Carnmenellis granite batholith. Four Lanes village centre is 220 metres (720 feet) above sea level. 
The village is centred on The Square which is at a crossroads where the north-to-south B3297 Redruth-Helston road is intersected by unclassified lanes to Stithians (south-east) and Carnkie (north-west).
History.
Four Lanes is the main settlement in the ecclesiastical parish of Pencoys (the parish was established in 1881). In earlier times the area was part of the parish of Wendron and the name Pencoys means the end of the wood. The granite-built parish church, St Andrew's, dates from 1881 and the parish war memorial is the church's lych gate (built in 1921) which features commemorative plaques in the gateway. Maria Charlotte Broadley, the wife of the Vicar of Carnmenellis, wished to provide a church for the outlying hamlet of Four Lanes but her husband died and she moved elsewhere. In the late 1870s she returned and ensured that a building used for occasional services which had become dilapidated was repaired. However she still wished to provide a proper church, made appeals for funds and in 1881 the church was built at a cost of £1,250. Mrs. Broadley had given £1,050 of this and also the cost of many of the fittings and the east window. She is commemorated by a plaque in Pencoys church placed there in 1977 as part of the celebrations of the centenary of the Diocese of Truro.
The older part of Four Lanes straddles the B3297 road north of the crossroads but there are substantial estates of post-1960s housing south of the crossroads.
The classical soprano singer Wendy Eathorne was born at Four Lanes in 1939.
The village today.
There are two pubs in the village; the Victoria Inn at The Square and the Sportsman's Arms three hundred metres south on the Helston Road.
Four Lanes has a male voice choir which takes part in competitions and festivals at local and national level. One of Brenda Wootton's albums, "Gwavas Lake" (Burlington Records, BURL 008, 1980), features the choir,
Transmitting station.
Redruth (Four Lanes) television transmitting station is situated half-a-mile north-west of the village at , and has a 173 metre (568 ft) high guyed steel lattice mast. It includes a high guyed steel lattice mast with square cross section, which is surmounted by the television transmitting antennas, bringing the overall height of the structure to . It is owned and operated by National Grid Wireless. It transmits UHF Analogue television signals, DVB television, FM Radio and DAB Radio. It is sometimes referred to as Four Lanes, because of the proximity of the mast to neighbouring village of the same name. The main mast is lit with four bright red aircraft warning lights, a statutory requirement of the Civil Aviation Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="20390556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390556" title="Graugon AntiVirus">
Graugon AntiVirus

Graugon AntiVirus is antivirus software based on Clam Antivirus developed and maintained by the Graugon Software Group. The software has undergone several name changes and was relaunched in mid-2008.
History.
Graugon AntiVirus was first released in 2003 as AntiVirus by the then HD1988 Labs. The software was initially designed to scan network files for malicious traits, mainly viruses. In 2005, as HD1988 Labs merged with another team of software developers, AntiVirus was renamed to Graugon AntiVirus.
Reviews.
As of May 2010, Graugon AntiVirus has an average user rating of 2.3 out of 5 stars at Fileforum.

</doc>
<doc id="20390562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390562" title="Strategy of Violence">
Strategy of Violence

Strategy of Violence is an album by industrial music artists Noise Unit. For the band's two previous releases, Grinding Into Emptiness and Response Frequency, the line-up consisted primarily of Marc Verhaeghen of Klinik and Bill Leeb of Front Line Assembly. However, during this project Verhaegen did not participate at all, being replaced by Leeb's long-time Front Line Assembly cohort Rhys Fulber, essentially making this another Front Line Assembly album. Originally release by German label Dossier Records in 1992, it is from the same era as Front Line Assembly's Caustic Grip and Tactical Neural Implant releases but features a clear leap forward in riff construction and complexity, a style which was again utilized heavily for FLA's Hard Wired album in 1995, a full 3 years after the release of Strategy of Violence. The album was licensed to Cleopatra Records for re-release in 1994 with an alternative cover.

</doc>
<doc id="20390570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390570" title="René de Voyer de Paulmy d'Argenson">
René de Voyer de Paulmy d'Argenson

René de Voyer de Paulmy, comte d'Argenson (1596 - 1651, Venice) was a French diplomat.
Family.
He was the grandson of René de Voyer, seigneur de Paulmy et de la Roche de Gennes, and of Jeanne Gueffault, dame d'Argenson. His father, Pierre, was the head of the comtes d'Argenson branch of the family.
Life.
His first post was as councillor to the parlement de Paris, then as intendant of the army during the siege of La Rochelle, intendant de justice to the army of the Dauphiné, surintendant of Poitou, ambassador, etc.
He was put in charge of several diplomatic negotiations by cardinal de Richelieu then by cardinal Mazarin, notably the annexation of part of Catalonia in 1641 during the Catalan Revolt. Having become a priest a few days before his death, he died in Venice, where his eldest son Marc-René de Voyer de Paulmy d'Argenson (1623-1700) had followed him as French ambassador. He was buried in the church of San Giobbe in the city, with a tomb by Thomas Blanchet. Among his other six children were Pierre de Voyer d'Argenson, vicomte de Mouzay, governor general of New France.

</doc>
<doc id="20390572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390572" title="Just nu!">
Just nu!

"Just nu!" (Right now!) was the Swedish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, performed in Swedish by Tomas Ledin.
The song talks about a man tired of the monotonous life in the city, in that moment he wants to live his life, he wants to feel the air in his lungs and perhaps to travel to Paris.
The song was performed 8th on the night, following Denmark's Bamses Venner with "Tænker altid på dig" and preceding Switzerland's Paola with "Cinéma". At the close of voting, it had received 47 points, placing 10th in a field of 19. The contest itself was won by Johnny Logan of Ireland.
It was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1981 Contest by Björn Skifs with "Fångad i en dröm".
During the performance the cable was accidentally plugged out of Tomas Ledin's microphone. He just made it to plug it in before the start of the second verse.
Laleh version.
Iranian-Swedish singer-songwriter Laleh, covered "Just nu!" as part of reality television series "Så mycket bättre". Although not officially released as a single, the song was available digitally in Sweden as part of the weekly compilations that accompanied the series, on 30 October 2011, released by Universal Music Sweden in conjunction with TV4. It was later included on her extended play of all of the interpretations included on the show, titled "Tolkningarna" on 25 December 2011, released by Lost Army and Warner Music Sweden. Furthermore "Tolkningarna" was released as a bonus disc on the physical versions of Laleh's fourth studio album, "Sjung", released on 25 January 2012.
As part of "Så mycket bättre", artists have to create interpretations of the other competitors well-known songs on a weekly basis. The show broadcast on 29 October 2011 focused on Tomas Ledin, who was also taking part in the series. Laleh reworked Ledin's pop rock Eurovision entry and created a psychedelic folk pop song with elements of synthesisers and strings. This was the first week of the program, and saw Laleh soon emerge as the favourite with her interpretations. Laleh's version of "Just nu!" entered the Sverigetopplistan at number fifty in its first week. Aided by extensive support from Sveriges Radio P3, "Just nu" climbed up the chart to peak at number twenty-five, Laleh's first song to enter the top thirty since "Snö in January 2007.
Critical reception.
The rendition was met with mainly positive reviews, with the British-based Scandinavian music website "Scandipop" describing it as addictive due to the "infectiously creepy and retro psychedelic ". Despite this, an extra verse which was added by Laleh to the original was criticised. Dan Backman argued that "the fact that she added a new melody to Tomas Ledin's "Just nu" seems quite stupid when it is hardly the text that is worth highlighting".

</doc>
<doc id="20390587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390587" title="Guy of Ibelin, bishop of Limassol">
Guy of Ibelin, bishop of Limassol

Guy of Ibelin (Fr: "Guy d'Ibelin") (died 29 March 1367) was the dominican bishop of Limassol, Cyprus from 27 April 1357 until his death. He belonged to the noble Cypriot house of Ibelin, closely linked by intermarriage with the kings of Cyprus. His father Balian of Ibelin (d. 28 October 1333), Lord of Arsuf, was a direct descendant of the first Balian of Ibelin, an important crusader. His mother, Margaret of Ibelin, continued to hold the title Lady of Arsuf after her husband's death. In the second half of the fourteenth century the fortunes of the house of Ibelin were in decline, as the once-powerful family became extinct. Guy's brother Philip became the last Ibelin to hold the title Lord of Arsuf. He was executed in Genoa in late 1373 for taking part in the assassination of King Peter I of Cyprus in 1369; King James I of Cyprus subsequently bestowed the title on John of Neviles, viscount of Nicosia, in 1389.
Instead of receiving a prebend, the normal path for a younger son of a high aristocratic family to join the church and enjoy the comfortable life of an ecclesiastical nobleman, Guy chose to join the austere dominican order, perhaps in the same monastery in Nicosia where he was later laid to rest. Two years after his elevation to bishop in 1357, he was the presiding bishop at the coronation of Peter I in the cathedral of St Sophia, Nicosia. It appears that he took part in the campaign to capture Alexandria in 1365, before succumbing to illness in his mansion in Nicosia in 1367.
Guy bequeathed 20,000 bezants towards the construction of the cathedral of St Nicholas in Limassol. A detailed inventory of his belongings survives him; although his main residence, in addition to his three rural estates, was not furnished in an opulent manner, – Turkish carpets and cushions typical of the Latin orient replacing courtly tapestries – he still indulged in hunting, the favourite pastime of the nobility, having three falconers in his service, a modest number for the time.

</doc>
<doc id="20390629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390629" title="Lebbeus Harris">
Lebbeus Harris

Lebbeus Harris (August 11, 1713 – 1792) was a judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented the township of Horton in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1761 to 1765.
He was born in Montville, Connecticut, the son of James Harris and Sarah Rogers. In 1738, he married Alice Ransom. He received a land grant in Nova Scotia and settled at Horton. He was named a justice of the peace in 1768. In 1783, he was named a judge in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas for King's County. Harris also served as major in the local militia.

</doc>
<doc id="20390657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390657" title="Riverhurst Ferry">
Riverhurst Ferry

The Riverhurst Ferry is a cable ferry in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The ferry crosses Lake Diefenbaker, linking Riverhurst on the west bank to Lucky Lake on the east bank. The ferry is how Highway 42 crosses Lake Diefenbaker.
The ferry is operated by the Saskatchewan Department of Highways and Transportation, and travels a distance of some . The ferry is free of tolls and operates 24 hours a day, with an hourly crossing departing from the east bank on the hour and the west bank on the half-hour. The ferry operates during the ice-free season; during the winter months the department lays out and maintains an ice road across the lake.
The Riverhurst Ferry is Saskatchewan’s largest ferry, with a length of , a width of , and a weight of 90.7 tonnes. It carries a maximum of 18 cars on each crossing. It is powered by a computer controlled engine and powers a central drive cable. There are three guide cables, two mounted one foot from the left and right sides, and a middle cable running underneath the hull.
In 2003, the Riverhurst Ferry was renovated, with additions of a new drive system, control tower and passenger areas, including restrooms and a small lounge. After the renovations, the ferry was plagued with technical difficulties involving the drive system. The ferry frequently broke down and as a result was unreliable for years after. Presently, the ferry is operating normally.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="20390660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390660" title="Yaldhurst (New Zealand electorate)">
Yaldhurst (New Zealand electorate)

Yaldhurst is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate, near the city of Christchurch.
The electorate was to the southwest of Christchurch, and is suburban and semi-rural.
History.
The electorate existed from 1978 to the introduction of MMP in 1996 and was represented by two Labour MPs.
Members of Parliament.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="20390688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390688" title="Bela, Kamnik">
Bela, Kamnik

Bela is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Sveti Miklavž () Bela, Mala Ravan (), Nadlisnik, Reber (in older sources also "Rebro"), Slopi, and Vodlan ().
Name.
Locally, the settlement is also known as "Špitalska Bela" (i.e., Bela near Špitalič).
Church.
The local church above the settlement is dedicated to Saint Nicholas and is an example of a village chapel of ease with a star-vaulted sanctuary, dating to the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20390705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390705" title="Pseudothyatira cymatophoroides">
Pseudothyatira cymatophoroides

The Tufted Thyatirid Moth ("Pseudothyatira cymatophoroides") is a moth of the Drepanidae family and the only member of the genus Pseudothyatira. It is found in Newfoundland, British Columbia, Northern California, Maryland, West Virginia, Kansas and North Carolina.
The wingspan is 38–44 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Betula nigra", "Betula populifolia" and "Prunus virginiaca".

</doc>
<doc id="20390711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390711" title="Invaders Must Die (song)">
Invaders Must Die (song)

"Invaders Must Die" is the eighteenth single released by the British electronic band The Prodigy. It was released from the band's website as a free digital download on 26 November 2008. It was the first single from the album "Invaders Must Die". The download was announced on 24 November, in a newsletter sent to fans, and first aired on Zane Lowe's Radio 1 show as his 'Hottest Record in the World' on 26 November. The song was co-produced by Does It Offend You, Yeah?'s James Rushent. Liam Howlett described this to the Dubai edition of Time Out as: "a very abrasive-sounding electronic track, kind of different to anything we've done before." Although not being a commercial single the track charted at 49 in the UK Singles Chart on 1 March 2009, whilst the Chase & Status Remix reached 53 in the Australian Aria Singles Chart and 7 in the Aria Dance Chart. On 30 November 2009 the re-amped version by Liam was released as an EP with the B-side Mescaline, and Thunder remixes.
James Rushent co-produced parts of the song on a laptop while on tour with his band, same with "Omen". He said he would work on the song early in the morning and e-mail it to Liam Howlett.
Invaders EP.
On 30 November 2009, "Invaders" was released as an EP on CD and Limited edition green transparent 7" vinyl record. The EP is classed as a single to the Invaders Must Die special edition which was the original album released in February 2009 with 3 bonus tracks and a remix CD, a DVD of the music videos to Invaders Must Die and a 48 page booklet. The Invaders Must Die special edition was released 3 November 2009.
CD Single.
Limited Edition Green Transparent 7" Vinyl
Video.
The music video features Noel Clarke walking around the British countryside and encountering or creating The Prodigy's "ant" logo. Among other places, he walks past the acoustic mirrors at Denge and at the end he is standing on one of the Maunsell Forts in the Thames Estuary. For a few seconds, you can see the band in the video.
In popular culture.
Invaders Must Die has been featured in trailers for "Scott Pilgrim vs. The World" and "Repo Men". Additionally, a dance routine by "Britain's Got Talent" semi-finalist Tobias Mead was set to this song, and an episode of "Doctor Who Confidential" uses Invaders Must Die as background music. It also features in the UK version of "The Real Hustle". The song is also used in the reveal trailers for two first-person shooter games, Duke Nukem Forever and Crysis 2. Coincidentally, the trailers were both released on the same date. This song was also used in DJ Hero 2, remixed with the Pixies' song Debaser; this mix is available as downloadable content for the game. In Bleach, Yukio's Fullbring is named after the song. It is also featured in the opening scene of 2011 Broadway play "Jerusalem" by Jez Butterworth.

</doc>
<doc id="20390714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390714" title="A Just View of the British Stage">
A Just View of the British Stage

A Just View of the British Stage or Three Heads are Better than One is an unsigned 1724 engraving attributed to the English artist William Hogarth. It is a satirical view of the management of British plays and mocks the subjects as degenerate. It forms part of an attack on the tastes of the theatre which Hogarth mounted in earnest between 1723 with "Masquerades and Operas" and 1727 with "Masquerade Ticket" (and which would continue to some extent in later works including "Charmers of the Age" in 1740–41).
Background.
The staging of "Harlequin Sheppard" — a play by John Thurmond based around the exploits of the famed criminal and escape-artist Jack Sheppard — by the three impresarios of the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane: Colley Cibber, the actor Barton Booth, and Robert Wilks, in November 1724, spurred Hogarth into immediate action. The play was so poor that it closed after only seven performances, but for Hogarth it was evidence that while they claimed to be for high art, the Drury Lane producers were actually trying to out-compete John Rich at Lincoln's Inn Fields. Rich was at the forefront of the resurgence of the pantomime in England and his productions aimed at spectacle rather than art.
Print.
The picture was issued at sixpence, announced as "Just Published" in the "Daily Post" on 10 December 1724. It was advertised as:
It shows some of the popular print conventions Hogarth usually dropped, such as speech banners and labelling of the principal characters, and has parallels to the anonymous "British Stage" published the same year.
In the print, the production of popularist plays are taken to an extreme by suggesting that the three impresarios are planning a spectacle which combines "Dr Faustus" with "Harlequin Sheppard". To make it more ridiculous "comical humours" are added from Ben Johnson's Ghost and the exploits of "Scaramouch" Jack Hall, who here is depicted as escaping Newgate by lowering himself down the privy. Whether Jack Hall actually escaped this way is unknown; there are few surviving records of Hall aside from the sensationalist "Memoirs of the Right Villainous John Hall", and the account of Hall in "The Newgate Calendar" does not mention any escape. It is possible that this was added as another absurdist element, to deride the fashion for glamorising the exploits of criminals. The caption mocks the players further suggesting that in the conclusion to the play the three men will perform the "Hay Dance" while suspended from ropes attached to mules, and concludes: "The Bricks, Rubbish &c will be real, but the Excrements upon Jack Hall will be made of Chew'd Gingerbread to prevent Offense". The concluding "Vivat Rex" (Long Live the King) suggests the satirical thrust extends past the theatre managers to what was perceived as the source of the fashion for popularist theatre, the king himself.
Throughout the scene Hogarth litters the trappings of the pantomime and objects representative of the arts obscured or defaced by the detritus of the production. There is a dragon ready to be swung in from the wings, a dog appearing from a kennel, and various farcical props scattered on the stage. Ben Johnson's Ghost wearing laurels, promised in the commentary below, rises from a trapdoor urinating on the broken statue of a Roman soldier (the soldier's detached leg may be a reference to a scene in "Dr. Faustus"). The statues on either side of the picture probably refer to the death of Tragedy and Comedy, their faces obscured by the titles of the entertainments under rehearsal. On the model privy pages from Shakespeare's "Macbeth", "Julius Caesar", "Hamlet" and Congreve's "The Way of Ye World" hang as toilet paper. Above the scene is the title, which places the action at a Newgate created by the scene-painter Devoto, at Drury Lane; the motto "VIVITUR INGENGIO" ("we live by the spirit") hung above the stage there for many years.
The three principles endure the brunt of Hogarth's satire. Wilks (to the left of the picture) declares "Poor R—ch, Faith I pitty him" as he sits dangling a puppet of Mr. Punch, a none-too subtle suggestion that he exceeds Rich in his desire to pander to the lowest denominator. Cibber looks heavenward to the painted Muses and entreats "Assist, ye Sacred Nine", while Booth dangles the puppet of Jack Hall and says "Ha, This will do G—d D—me". The ropes above the impresarios mirror the puppets they dangle below, and suggest that the managers will go to any lengths to entertain, even stringing themselves up in a fashion similar to the unhappy fiddler who dangles in the wings (The "Music for ye What Entertainment" which hangs close by, probably refers to John Gay's "The What D'ye Call It", another satire on the theatrical fashions).

</doc>
<doc id="20390736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390736" title="Tapey">
Tapey

Tapey is a young Tibetan monk from Kirti Monastery whose attempted self-immolation February 27, 2009 in the marketplace in Ngawa Town, Ngawa County, Sichuan marked the beginning of the wave of Tibetan self-immolations.

</doc>
<doc id="20390738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390738" title="A Rare Conundrum">
A Rare Conundrum

A Rare Conundrum is the eleventh album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 1977 in the UK. The album was first released by Ex Libris in Denmark in late 1976 as Poormouth with an alternative cover and a slightly different tracklist.
Track listing Original LP.
All tracks composed by Bert Jansch; except where indicated
Poormouth tracklist (Danish release).
Tracks with a star(*) don't appear on the original LP release

</doc>
<doc id="20390766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390766" title="Bela Peč">
Bela Peč

Bela Peč is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20390787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390787" title="Fourth Association of Model Auto Racing">
Fourth Association of Model Auto Racing

Fourth Association of Model Auto Racing, otherwise known as FAMAR is the governing body of radio-controlled car racing in South Africa, Central and South America. It is one of the four member blocs to be entitled full voting right within IFMAR.

</doc>
<doc id="20390789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390789" title="Far East Model Car Association">
Far East Model Car Association

Far East Model Car Association, otherwise known as FEMCA is the governing body of radio-controlled car racing in Asia and Australasia. It is one of the four member blocs to be entitled full voting right within IFMAR.
The organisation was originally founded in 1980, based in Hong Kong; after two false starts, it was re-established in 1985 when it hosted its first IFMAR race in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="20390802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390802" title="Anthony Williams (musician)">
Anthony Williams (musician)

Anthony "Tony" Williams (born 24 June 1931 in Port of Spain, Trinidad) is an inventor, pioneer and musician of the steel pan.
Life.
Williams was born at the General Hospital of Port-of-Spain and grew up in Nepal Street in St. James.
He is one of the great pioneers of the steel pan, along with Winston "Spree" Simon, Ellie Mannette and Neville Jules.
Tony Williams was part of the Trinidad All Steel Percussion Orchestra, TASPO, which visited England for the Festival of Britain in 1951.
In 1953, Williams presented a soprano pan with the notes laid out in a cycle of fifths. Because the instrument's surface looked like a spider's web, Williams called it the "Spider Web Pan".
Tony Williams was the bandleader, pan-tuner and arranger of the Pan Am North Stars and won the Panorama twice, once in 1963 and again in 1964.
Anthony Williams received the Chaconia Medal (Gold) in 1992.
He further received the Order of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, presented by president George Maxwell Richards in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20390809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390809" title="O Cravo e a Rosa">
O Cravo e a Rosa

O Cravo e a Rosa () is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo. It ran from June 26, 2000 to March 10, 2001. It is based on the Shakespearean comedy The Taming of the Shrew. It is currently being broadcast in Portugal, on SIC.
Opening.
The opening song is "Jura", by Zeca Pagodinho.
Ratings.
O Cravo e a Rosa, broadcast on the 6:00 p.m. time slot, had an overall average rating of 30.6 points.
Soundtrack.
Cover: Leandra Leal

</doc>
<doc id="20390814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390814" title="Knudsen layer">
Knudsen layer

The Knudsen layer, also known as evaporation layer, is the thin layer of vapor near a liquid or solid. It is named after Danish physicist Martin Knudsen (1871–1949).
Definition.
This region, several mean free path lengths thick, is called the Knudsen layer.
Knudsen layer thickness.
The knudsen layer thickness can be approximated by formula_1, given by
formula_2,
where formula_3 is Boltzmann's constant, formula_4 is the temperature, formula_5 is the molecular diameter and formula_6 is the pressure.
Applications.
One of the applications of Knudsen layer is in the coma of comets. It has been used specially in the coma chemistry model (ComChem model).

</doc>
<doc id="20390869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390869" title="Father-daughter dance">
Father-daughter dance

A father-daughter dance is a dance between a daughter and her father. Father-daughter dances are common at Western wedding receptions, although not all weddings have a father-daughter dance. In situations where a daughter's father is not available, he may be substituted with a man of an older generation, such as an uncle or the father of a close friend. Father-daughter dances are very common at Quinceañeras and debutante balls.
A father-daughter dance can also refer to an event where girls and their fathers can dance. Many elementary schools have father-daughter dances, particularly on Valentine's Day. While these events are intended for girls and their fathers, some schools allow other people, such as the girls' cousins, brothers and close friends to attend.
Mother-son dances use the same analogy of a son and his mother, although they are not as common as father-daughter dances.

</doc>
<doc id="20390870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390870" title="Shen Yin-mo">
Shen Yin-mo

Shěn Yǐn-mò (沈尹默) (1883–1971) was a well-known poet and (calligrapher). He made his name in Kyoto, Japan. He was one of the first to write in the new style and he published his poems in periodicals such as Xīn Qīngnián (新青年) and Xīn Cháo (新潮). Two works that made him famous were Sānxián Jí (三弦集) and Qiūmíng Jí (秋明集). He also wrote poems in the classical style. In his poems, he used rhyme and alliteration similarly to the way they had come to be used in classical poetry.
Around 1950, his poems appeared prominently in the literature supplement of the dailies Guāngmíng Rìbào (光明日报), Wén Huìbào (文汇报), and Jiěfàngrìbào (解放日报). However, no complete edition of his works was ever made.
He was also known as a calligrapher. He was director of a research institute and published historical studies on calligraphy.

</doc>
<doc id="20390877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390877" title="Bagahi, Rautahat">
Bagahi, Rautahat

Bagahi is a Village Development Committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2217 people residing in 429 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20390880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390880" title="Avocet (album)">
Avocet (album)

Avocet is the twelfth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 1979 in UK. The album was first released by Ex Libris in Denmark in late 1978 with alternate album cover and one alternate track title, although no difference in recorded content. The title track "Avocet" was inspired by the traditional song "The Cuckoo". All tracks on the album are named after a sea bird or wading bird.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Bert Jansch; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20390899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390899" title="Bahuwa Madanpur">
Bahuwa Madanpur

Bahuwa Madanpur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="20390901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390901" title="Pavol Michalík">
Pavol Michalík

Club career.
Michalík played in 209 Czechoslovak First League matches, most of them with FC Baník Ostrava. He won the Czechoslovak First League three times with Baník, in 1976, 1980 and 1981. He finished his career with Panserraikos in the Greek Super League.
International career.
Michalík made eleven appearances for the full Czechoslovakia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20390902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390902" title="Bairiya">
Bairiya

Bairiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2936 people living in 527 individual households.
References.
In this village according to my knowledge the people may be in this village more than 7 thousands .Presently the mukhiya of this village is Dr Abdul Samad and Sachep is Mr Kaisar alam . In it total school is one education available only from first class to 7 class and tow some big madrasa one is handled by Maulana Anwarul Haque Salafi and another by Maulana Shaukat Madani .The education percentage may be 20% schooling student is less than madarsa students . I am one of them my name is Shekh Naiyar Alam right now i am living in Qatar .

</doc>
<doc id="20390904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390904" title="Magadi Bird Sanctuary">
Magadi Bird Sanctuary

Magadi Bird Sanctuarycreated at the Magadi tank, it is one of the Biodiversity hotspots of Karnataka, in Karnataka.
The Magadi tank is located in Magadi village of Shirhatti Taluk, Gadag District. From Gadag it is 26 km, it is located on Gadag-Bangalore Road, from Shirhatti it is 8 km, and from Lakshmeshwar 11 km.
Bar-headed Goose is one of the birds which migrate to Magadi wetlands of Gadag District, Karnataka. Normally birds eat fish, amphibians, molluscs, snakes etc., but migratory birds eating agricultural produce is both interesting and curious too. Winter habitat is on cultivation, it feeds on barley, rice and wheat and may damage crops. 
Controlling authorities.
Controlling authorities of the Magadi tank are Department of Fisheries, Govt. of Karnataka and Village Panchayat, Magadi. 
Local institutions.
Local institutions include Village Panchayat, Development of tank fisheries and bird sanctuary
Karnakata University is supporting in terms of Birds study.
References.
The Bar-headed Goose : [http://www.goose.org/species/anser/]

</doc>
<doc id="20390908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390908" title="Holla Holla (Akon song)">
Holla Holla (Akon song)

"Holla Holla" is the first of three promotinal singles from Akon's third studio album "Freedom." The song features guest vocals from American rapper/singer T-Pain. The single was released as a digital download on iTunes on November 25, 2008, however, was on to the internet on November 17, 2008. The song peaked at #19 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart on December 1, 2008. The song was not released on any physical formats.

</doc>
<doc id="20390909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390909" title="Spilosoma curvata">
Spilosoma curvata

The Crimson Tiger Moth ("Ardices curvata") is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Australia. Formerly included in "Spilosoma", but later generic status of "Ardices" was proved (Dubatolov, 2005). 
The larvae feed on "Taraxacum officinale", "Phaseolus vulgaris", "Pelargonium zonale" and "Tropaeolum majus".
References.
, 2005: On the status of the Australian genus "Ardices" F. Walker, 1855 with the description of a new subgenus for "A. curvata" Donovan, 1805 (Lepidoptera, Arctiidae). "Atalanta" 36 (1/2): 173-179, 394-395 (colour plate 10).

</doc>
<doc id="20390910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390910" title="Banjaraha">
Banjaraha

Banjaraha is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1856 people living in 326 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20390913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390913" title="Bariyarpur, Rautahat">
Bariyarpur, Rautahat

Bariyarpur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4600 people living in 878 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20390915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390915" title="Jalan Kulim-Mahang">
Jalan Kulim-Mahang

Jalan Kulim-Mahang, Federal Route (Formerly Kedah state route ) is a federal roads in Kedah, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 169 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20390918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390918" title="Basantapatti">
Basantapatti

Basantapatti is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6258.

</doc>
<doc id="20390919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390919" title="Le Mur Rose">
Le Mur Rose

Le Mur Rose (full title: Paysage, le mur rose;, "Landscape, the Pink Wall"), is a painting by Henri Matisse from 1898.
It was bought in Paris at the sale of La Peau de l'Ours on 2 March 1914 by Jewish entrepreneur Harry Fuld, who founded Frankfurt, Germany based H. Fuld & Co. Telefon und Telegraphenwerke AG, which made telephones. After Fuld died on a business trip to Switzerland in 1932, his art collection passed to his son, Harry Fuld, Jr.
After the ascent of the Nazi party to power, Fuld fled to safety in Switzerland in 1937, packing the collection into crates. But the collection never left Germany and, after confiscation by the SS, it somehow became the property of SS officer Kurt Gerstein. A pre-war expert in decontamination techniques, Gerstein was assigned to the Hygiene Institute of the SS, becoming responsible for delivering Zyklon B poison used in the final solution gas chambers, including Auschwitz concentration camp.
At the end of World War II, on 22 April 1945, Gerstein surrendered to the French commandant of the occupied town of Reutlingen. He received a sympathetic reception and was transferred to a residence in a hotel in Rottweil, there writing out the Gerstein Report. He was later transferred to the notorious Cherche-Midi military prison where he was apparently treated as a war criminal. On July 25, 1945 while awaiting trial he was found hanged dead in his cell, an alleged suicide. Continuing the investigation into Gerstein's war crimes, French police recovered "Le Mur Rose" from a cache of stored art near Gerstein's home in Tübingen, Germany.
Harry Fuld, Jr. died in Switzerland in 1963, and willed his entire estate to Gisela Martin. When she died in Switzerland in 1992, she in turn willed her estate to Magen David Adom UK, the British-based branch of the Israeli-based medical services charity, which provides ambulances and medical infrastructure in Israel.
Having hung in museums in Paris since 1949, latterly in the Musée National d'Art Moderne at the Pompidou Centre; in November 2008 the painting was given by the French Culture Ministry to Magen David Adom UK, at a ceremony in Paris.
In February 2010 the painting was acquired from the heirs, the Magen David Adom UK, for the Jewish Museum Frankfurt, Germany, with the financial help of various German foundations and private donors.

</doc>
<doc id="20390920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390920" title="Basatpur">
Basatpur

Basatpur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4093 people living in 922 individual households.
Here is the most of population of Brahmins after Matsari. They were well educated. Most of the people of Basatpur are the workers of government of Nepal. They have covered each and every office of Nepal. 

</doc>
<doc id="20390925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390925" title="Sonia Denoncourt">
Sonia Denoncourt

Sonia Denoncourt (born June 25, 1964) is a retired soccer referee from Canada. She currently works for FIFA as head of women's referee development.
Early life.
Denoncourt was born in Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada and attended Mitchell & Montcalm high school. She graduated from the Université de Sherbrooke with a degree in physical education and later attained a master's degree in Sports Administration from the University of Ottawa.
Career.
Denoncourt began refereeing in 1974 at the age of just 14 and later decided to give up playing the game to further her career as a referee at the age of 22.
Denoncourt became the first female FIFA accredited referee in 1994. She went on to referee the 1995, 1999 and 2003 FIFA Women's World Cups.
1996 Summer Olympics.
Women's football was made its debut at the Summer Olympics in 1996 and Denoncourt was selected as one of four female referees that would officiate in the tournament and she refereed the first ever women's football match in the Olympics when she took charge of a match between Germany and Japan. She also officiated a semi-final match between Norway and United States and was the Fourth official in the final.
2000 Summer Olympics.
Denoncourt was selected as one of the 9 match officials that would participate in the 2000 Olympic football tournaments. She refereed two group matches, Australia vs. Sweden and Norway vs. China, and was picked to referee in the women's football final at the 2000 Olympics between Norway and United States.
After retirement.
She announced her retirement as a referee on 6 July 2004, stating: "It is a difficult decision as I am still in love with refereeing, but I guess it is time for me to move on with my life." In October 2005, Denoncourt was appointed by FIFA as its head of women's referee development after impressing as a refereeing instructor at the women's world under-19 championships in Thailand. In 2005, she was inducted into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20390927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390927" title="Basbiti Jingadiya">
Basbiti Jingadiya

Basbiti Jingadiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4772.

</doc>
<doc id="20390932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390932" title="Bhalohiya">
Bhalohiya

Bhalohiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 4877 people living in 805 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20390937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390937" title="Bhediyahi">
Bhediyahi

Bhediyahi is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2245 people living in 417 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20390942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390942" title="Birtipraskota">
Birtipraskota

Birtipraskota is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2492 people living in 478 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20390948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390948" title="Bishrampur, Rautahat">
Bishrampur, Rautahat

Bishrampur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6721 people living in 1229 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20390950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390950" title="Thallarcha fusa">
Thallarcha fusa

Thallarcha fusa is a species of moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20390958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390958" title="Plasmodium vinckei">
Plasmodium vinckei

Plasmodium vinckei is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Vinckeia". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. vinckei" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are rodents. 
Description.
This species was first described in 1952 by Rodhain. Several subspecies have been described since.
Geographical occurrence.
This species is found in Central Africa including the Congo and Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="20390963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390963" title="List of ships of the Victorian Naval Forces">
List of ships of the Victorian Naval Forces

List of Ships of the Victorian Naval Forces, 1855–1901:

</doc>
<doc id="20390975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390975" title="Bisunpurwa Manpur">
Bisunpurwa Manpur

Bisunpurwa Manpur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2244 people living in 475 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20390992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390992" title="Llewellyn Heycock, Baron Heycock">
Llewellyn Heycock, Baron Heycock

Llewellyn Heycock, Baron Heycock CBE (12 August 1905 – 13 March 1990) was a Welsh local politician, who became a life peer in 1967.
Heycock was born in Margam and began his career as an engine driver with the Great Western Railway. He subsequently rose to a powerful position in South Wales local politics through his trade union connections and membership of the Labour Party, a "personality of transcendent authority". Despite having himself received little formal education, he became Chairman of the Glamorganshire Education Committee.
He became a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1959, a Commander of the Order of the Hospital of St. John of Jerusalem (CStJ) in April 1967, and a life peer on 10 July 1967 as Baron Heycock, of Taibach in the Borough of Port Talbot.

</doc>
<doc id="20390994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390994" title="Thirteen Down">
Thirteen Down

Thirteen Down is the thirteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 1980. The album, credited as "The Bert Jansch Conundrum", originally appeared with at least three different sleeves, in the UK, US and Australia. There were also, on some or all of these packagings, dubious writing credits for "If I Had A Lover" and "Sweet Mother Earth", adaptations of a Swedish and Brazilian song respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20390995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390995" title="Atiq Rahimi">
Atiq Rahimi

Atiq Rahimi (born 26 February 1962 in Kabul) is a French-Afghan writer and filmmaker.
Life.
He was born in 1962 in Kabul to a senior public servant and attended high school in Lycée Esteqlal. Following the Soviet invasion, Rahimi fled Afghanistan, taking refuge in Pakistan for a year and then relocating to France in 1985 after receiving political asylum.
On completion of his studies at the Sorbonne, Rahimi joined a Paris-based production company where he produced seven documentaries for French television, as well as several commercials.
Taking time off in the late 1990s, Rahimi embarked on his first writing project. His 2000 Dari/Persian book, "Earth and Ashes", was an instant bestseller in Europe and South America. A movie based on this book, directed by Rahimi, was awarded the "Prix du Regard vers l'Avenir" at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival. The film was featured in 50 festivals, winning a total of 25 awards including the one at Cannes and a Golden Dhow award for best feature film at the Zanzibar International Film Festival.
After the fall of the Taliban, Rahimi returned to his native Afghanistan in 2002, after 17 years of exile, and used a 150-year-old box camera to take pictures of Kabul. Six of these photographs were later purchased by the Victoria and Albert Museum in London.
In November 2008, Rahimi won France's most prestigious literary prize, the 105-year-old Prix Goncourt, for "Syngue Sabour". Described as "sober and alive" by French culture minister Christine Albanel, it was translated into English as "The Patience Stone". Rahimi’s fourth book and his first in French, the novel tells the story of a woman whose husband has been wounded in battle in a country resembling Afghanistan and now lies as paralysed as a stone.
Upon his return to Afghanistan in 2002, Rahimi became involved with the nation’s largest media group, Moby Group, as a senior creative advisor. The group, established by brothers Saad Mohseni, Zaid Mohseni and Jahid Mohseni, owns Tolo TV, Arman FM, Kaboora Production, Barbud Music, Lemar TV, "Afghan Scene Magazine", and a host of other media related entities. Rahimi, who divides his time between Kabul and Paris, continues to work closely with the Moby Group in developing programs and genres for its media outlets, as well as helping develop and train a new generation of Afghan filmmakers and directors.
Rahimi created and developed Tolo TV’s "Raz ha een Khana" (Secrets of this House), Afghanistan’s first soap opera. The hugely popular "Secrets of this House" took the Special Award at the Seoul Drama Awards in October 2008.
Rahimi directed a 2012 film adaptation of "Syngué Sabour" or "The Patience Stone" from a screenplay he co-authored with Jean-Claude Carrière. The film, starring Iranian actress Golshifteh Farahani, was selected as the Afghan entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards, but was not nominated.

</doc>
<doc id="20390997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20390997" title="Brahmapuri, Rautahat">
Brahmapuri, Rautahat

Brahmapuri is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4014.
References.
Brahampuri V.D.C. is one of the lovely VDC in Nepal. It located very near to the border of Nepal and India.

</doc>
<doc id="20391006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391006" title="Chandranigahapur">
Chandranigahapur

Chandranigahapur locally known as "Chapur" is a Municipality in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 13,456 people living in 2465 individual households.
History.
This town was actually named under the late Rana Prime Minister Chandra Samsher. People started to live here after the naming of this place.
Development activities.
In the remembrance of G.P. Koirala, the construction of Dabari Tourism Area cum Picnic Spot is going on. Cha.pur Hospital, Drinking water, Road Development, etc. are the development work going on in this town. 
Sports.
In this town many sports like volleyball, football and cricket is played. Rautahat Women Football team is the best women team over Nepal. Sher Bahadur Thapa Magar of Chandranigahapur should be credited for women soccer accomplishment in Rautahat. His dedication and effort in the field of soccer is unmatched by anyone in Nepal. Besides this martial arts like karate, khusti etc. is practiced.
Education- There are many private and public schools and colleges. Local residents do not have to go outside the town for their education. Some of the schools are colleges are Jan Jyoti Multiple Campus, Moonlight Secondary School, Balniketan School, etc. 
Occupation- As we know, Nepal is landlocked country and many people engage in agriculture. Likewise, many people here are also engaged in agriculture.Others are engaged in service, trade, etc. 
Media.
Radio: To Promote local culture Chandranigahapur has one FM radio station Radio Nunthar F.M. - 102.6 MHz Which is a Community radio Station. 

</doc>
<doc id="20391013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391013" title="Debahi">
Debahi

Debahi is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4560 people living in 905 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391020" title="Dharampur, Narayani">
Dharampur, Narayani

Dharampur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7600 people living in 1561 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391024" title="Dharhari">
Dharhari

Dharhari is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1810 people living in 337 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391034" title="Dipahi">
Dipahi

Dipahi is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2847 people living in 535 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391039" title="Dumriya">
Dumriya

Dumriya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12,993.

</doc>
<doc id="20391040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391040" title="Melanodes anthracitaria">
Melanodes anthracitaria

The Black Geometrid ("Melanodes anthracitaria") is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia, more specifically in Southern Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, and Tasmania.
Both the larvae and the adults have two forms. The Caterpillars can be green or brown. The adults are slate grey with black wavy lines. One form has pale yellow bands on the wings, which are not present on the other form.
The wingspan is about 50 mm for females and 40 mm for males. The moth flies from August to January depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species.

</doc>
<doc id="20391045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391045" title="Dumriyachaur">
Dumriyachaur

Dumriyachaur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2867 people living in 493 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391048" title="Fatuha Maheshpur">
Fatuha Maheshpur

Fatuha Maheshpur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4130.

</doc>
<doc id="20391071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391071" title="Jean Bertholle">
Jean Bertholle

Jean Bertholle (26 June 1909, Dijon – 6 December 1996, Paris) was a French painter of the new Paris School.

</doc>
<doc id="20391098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391098" title="Heartbreak (Bert Jansch album)">
Heartbreak (Bert Jansch album)

Heartbreak is the fourteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 1982.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Bert Jansch; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20391100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391100" title="Walt Disney's Funny Factory">
Walt Disney's Funny Factory

"Walt Disney's Funny Factory" is a series of DVDs by Walt Disney Home Video. Very similar to the "Walt Disney's Classic Cartoon Favorites" line, each release would feature around one-hour of "Disney" animated short films, grouped by a starring character, or set of characters. As opposed to the chronological nature of the "Walt Disney Treasures" line, each release would feature various cartoons in no particular order. The series featured two waves of releases, on August 17, 2005 and November 21, 2006.
Releases.
Wave One.
The first wave of releases came on August 17, 2005.
Volume 1: With Mickey.
All of the shorts on here feature Mickey Mouse.
Volume 2: With Donald.
All of the shorts on here feature Donald Duck.
Wave Two.
The first wave of releases came on November 21, 2006.
Volume 3: With Goofy.
All of the shorts on here feature Goofy.
Volume 4: With Huey, Dewey & Louie.
All of the shorts on here feature Huey, Dewey, and Louie.

</doc>
<doc id="20391107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391107" title="Fatuwa Harsaha">
Fatuwa Harsaha

Fatuwa Harsaha is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3424.

</doc>
<doc id="20391115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391115" title="Gadhi">
Gadhi

Gadhi is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1063.
Gandi was born on Oct. 2 1869
He was afraid of the dark when he was little
Had 2 kids
He was married to Kastarbai Makanji at the age of 13
He spent most of his time fighting for Indias independence.
Died on Jan. 30 1948

</doc>
<doc id="20391123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391123" title="Gamhariya Birta">
Gamhariya Birta

Gamhariya Birta is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4324 people living in 858 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391132" title="Gamhariya Parsa">
Gamhariya Parsa

Gamhariya Parsa is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3851 people living in 729 individual households.
After "Panchayat Kaal", the official name of this Village Development Committee (VDC) became "Gamhariya" but still not amended in some statistics data due to government carelessness.
The VDC has 9 wards. Half of Ward 1 comprises in Parsa village (rest part of Parsa village is in Sangrampur VDC), rest of ward 1 and wards 2,3,4 and 5 in Gamhariya village and remaining wards 6,7,8 and 9 in Laxmipur village as sub locality.
In 2012, the estimated population of this VDC is around 7000.
Education.
Institution.
The Madrasa has around 700 students. Among them around 100 are boarders mostly from Rautahat district, Sarlahi district and Bihar (India).The curriculum of study is not only Islamic study like "Deene Taleem" but also Mathematics and Languages like English, Arabic, Persian (Farsi), Urdu, Hindi and Nepali are taught. It is said that there is no single family in this village who don't have at least one Mawlānā (Graduate of religious Institution) and also boast for highest number of Mawlānā in one VDC in whole Nepal.
Transportation.
The village is linked with the oldest highway of Rautahat district called "Rajaiya Sadak" which still connects Rautahat District Capital "Gaur" and East West Highway terminal "Chandranigahpur". 
it is 5 km east of Garuda (Fastest growing Market of Rautahat District), 3 km south of Samanpur (An old Market of Rautahat District), 20 km north of Gaur (The capital and the border with India) and 20 km south of Chandranigahpur.
It is connected with new Highway called "Gaur-Chandranigahpur Highway" through Garuda.
Land transportation like Tanga, Rickshaw, Jeep, Bus is available.
Economy.
The major economy of this VDC is farming. Sugarcane, Paddy, Wheat, Mustard, Dal, etc. are the major production of this village. The other economy is the remittance from the people working mostly in Kathmandu, India and Gulf Countries.
There is also a market called "Gamhariya Bazar" where daily needs are available.
Culture.
The culture of this village has been influenced by Muslim community as they comprise 85% of population.
It is believed that Muslim community have been living here since more than 200 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20391138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391138" title="Gangapipra">
Gangapipra

Gangapipra is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2547 people living in 514 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391145" title="Alfred Manessier">
Alfred Manessier

Alfred Manessier (5 December 1911, Saint-Ouen - 1 August 1993, Orléans) was a non-figurative French painter, stained glass artist, and tapestry designer, part of the new Paris School and the Salon de Mai.
Biography.
Manessier was born among fishers and masons in the Picardy province of Northern France. There was a family precedent for creative work, as the grandfather was a decorative stonemason while his father and uncle had studied at Ecole des Beaux Arts at Abbeville. The "father gave the young man permission to go to Paris on condition that he studied architecture, which was a safer occupation than that of painter. It was not until his father, then a wholesale wine merchant in Amiens, suddenly died that he was able to change over" to his preferred art studies. He had enrolled in architecture in 1929, switched to art with Roger Bissiere at Academie Ranson in 1935 just prior to the father's death in 1936.
In 1937 at the Paris International Exposition, the French government appointed Sonia Delaunay and Robert Delaunay to represent avant-garde art in Paris transportation centers such as Air Palace and Railways Palace. The couple was given the task to employ and reside with 50 unemployed artists for March and April to create a substantial project of of artwork. Among the artists were Bissiere, Jean Bertholle, and Manessier, who worked on four murals. The following year he married painter Therese Simonnet. In 1939 Manessier was called into military conscription, as a technical draftsman. In 1940, expecting the birth of his son, he found work as a farmhand to support the growing family but by 1941 he returned to Paris to exhibit in the Gallery Braun show "20 Young Painters" that ushered into France the non-figurative movement. Despite the abstract style centered in what the occupying Germans deemed "degenerate" modes, and despite Manessier's teaching at the anti-authority and anti-indoctrination organization Young France, the painter was not censored or molested The Young France organization prepared youth for work at the end of the German Occupation, with a teaching staff that also included Jean Bazaine, Jean Vilar, Jean Desailly, Andre Clement.
Manessier left teaching in 1943 for painting full-time. During this year he made a 3-day visit to the Trappist monastery in Orne. Demoralized by the Occupation and war, at the monastery he was deeply moved by the ancient garb and art, chants and worship, rhythms of work and silence by the monks. "I felt profoundly the cosmic link between sacred chanting and the world of nature all around. These men who sang were perhaps a little out of touch with the world but there was truth in their relationship with nature" he recalled. "If we had the evangelical purity of the Primitives, if we could look at nature with all innocence of love, then perhaps we could depict the sacred as they did. But we are men of this century: broken, exploded." Thus began the fertile period of abstract painting: "mosaic-like patterns, luminous colors often supported by a heavy black grid."
Between paintings, he soon began to explore other mediums for expression. In 1945 his daughter was born, and the 34-year-old Manessier was commissioned to produce costumes and sets for "Marie-Anne Victoire" production at Studio des Champs-Élysées. In 1947 he was commissioned to produce two stained glass windows for a Breseux church In 1949 he produced a tapestry for the Dominicans of Saulchoir, Seine-et-Oise. These other mediums were ongoing supplements to his painting, throughout his career (selected theatre work includes a 1960 Nervi Italy mounting of the "Decameron" involving 340 costumes and 18 sets, costumes for a 1963 production of "Galileo Galilei" at Theatre National Populaire, Paris; selected stained glass work includes 1952 project at All Saints Church in Basel, 1957 project at Chapel of Ste Therese in Nord, 1959 at Munsterkirche in Essen, 1964 at St Gereau in Cologne, and 1968 for Paris' Convent of the Soeurs de l'Assomption; selected tapestry work includes 1952 commission for State of France, 1957 benediction cape for a Nord church, and a 1969 commission for the National Arts Center in Ottawa)
This latter project in Canada triggered for Manessier another spiritual awakening. When visiting Canada in 1967 to view the projected Arts building site and to assess the Ottawa light, he was inspired during discussions of Canada's large areas of undeveloped land and Inuit art and life relatively untouched by Western culture: "I had a feeling of having penetrated elemental nature. The bottom of the lake is full of roots and of decomposed vegetation, and nature is reborn by way of all this. Never have I experienced a similar sensation. I discovered a prehistoric dimension."
He was the victim of a car accident in Loiret on 28 July 1993, and died four days later at the Source hospital in Orléans. His funeral was held at the church of Saint-Sépulcre d'Abbeville and he was buried in the Cimetière de Saint-Ouen at his birthplace.

</doc>
<doc id="20391147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391147" title="Garuda Bairiya">
Garuda Bairiya

Garuda Bairiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1878 people living in 313 individual households. Today in 2012, the VDC has largely increased in size and its population has reached more than 10000 approximately. The village is divided into two areas: the bajar and the gaun. Birendra highway passes through the Bajar which has Chandranigahpur on the north connecting the East-West highway and Gaur on the south which is on the Nepal-India Border. The VDC gained its fortune after the Birendra Highway was constructed. After the highway construction, developments and infrastructures followed around the VDC areas. In 1994 A.D. Shree Ram Sugar Mill was erected in Garuda. With the establishment of the sugar industry, farmers had opportunity to open business with the factory. They increased their sugarcane farming and sold it to the factory in their backyard. The factory provided jobs and opened sources of business in the VDC. Hence, today the VDC is a fast growing town with every business one can name. It is the center of business in the area with few banks, five-six petrol pumps, hundreds of Grocery stores, handful of Shopping centers, small granary and Eating-oil mills, shoes factory, a High school, several restaurants, clinics and Elaka police Station. The VDC also has a movie theatre. Transport is available throughout all day and sparsely at the night. Approximately 50% of the people are involved directly in farming and the other 50% in Business or other traditional works.
Media.
To Promote local culture Garuda has one FM radio station Radio Madhesh Jana awaj - 98.6 MHZ Which is a Community radio Station.
To Promote local culture garuda has one FM radio station radio madhesh masla - 106.4 MHZ Which is A Community Radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20391152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391152" title="Anthela ferruginosa">
Anthela ferruginosa

Anthela ferruginosa is a species of moth of the Anthelidae family. It is found in Australia.
The wingspan is about 40 mm. 
The larvae feed on various Australian Poaceae species.

</doc>
<doc id="20391157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391157" title="Gedahiguthi">
Gedahiguthi

Gedahiguthi is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2637 people living in 430 individual households. 

</doc>
<doc id="20391166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391166" title="Hallaur">
Hallaur

Hallaur or Hallor (Urdu, Persian
and Arabic: هلور, Hindi: हल्लौर, Bhojpuri: हलूर) is a town or a big village in the north Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, situated near the banks of Rapti river. Residents of Hallaur are referred as Hallauri.
The Place of Rizvi Syed (Sayyid). The name was derived from Chapter Hal-ata (Al-Insan) of Holy Quran by Meer Syed Shah Abdur Rasool (Meera Baba). The place has a post office with PIN 272191 and homoeopathic and Ayurvedic dispensaries and maternity home run by State government. Bhatangwan village was merged into Hallaur and De facto became a part of Hallaur.
It is 44 kilometres northwest of Siddharthnagar district and 44 kilometres north of Basti district headquarters, neighbouring Domariaganj its headquarters. Its one of the biggest village of the district and hence sometimes because of its vast area is referred as a town by local people of Siddhartha Nagar. Hallaur bazaar, a weekly Shopping Market is the backbone of all trading activities of the area. The bazaar was established in 1882 by Meer Akber Husain a prominent figured Landlord and elderly person of old Gorakhpur district. Hallaur is considerably a known place in literacy and other infrastructural developments in entire district. Hallaur came into light after the advent of Meer Syed Shah Abdul Rasool (Meera Baba) who is believed to have been migrated from the area of Tous Persian city Mashhad to propagate real Islam in this part of world. Many Shiites of central Asia took refuge in India and Syed Nizam Mashhadi forefather of Meer Shah Abdul Rasool (Meera Baba) was prominent one.
One of the all-time great legendary Urdu poets of Hallaur Allamah, Samar Hallauri, has described Hallaur in the following lines written by him:
English Translation:
History.
Some Six centuries ago, a Noble Family of Sayyids, migrated from the Holy City of Mashhad (Iran) to India during the Mughal period. In stages, one of the descendants of Syed Meer Shah Nizam Mashhadi came and settled down to an uninhabited and undeveloped area in the Himalayan Valley near the Northern border of India. Syed Meer Shah Abdur Rasool the descendant of Syed Nizam Mashhadi later came to be known as "Meera Baba". Meera means Syed and Baba means an elderly person or a father. He was a devout Twelver Shiite. He had his lineage from the 9th Shiite Imam Muhammad al-Taqi al Jawwad. It is a notable authenticated fact that all Sayyids known as Razavi, Rizvi or Ridawi are actually Taqawi Sayyids, Rizvi Sayyids are the direct descendants of Imam Muhammad al-Taqi al Jawwad, an eighth descendant of Prophet Mohammad and ninth Twelver Shiite Imam. Imam Ali al Reza also known as Al Imam Ali al-Rida had no son other than Imam Muhammad al-Taqi al Jawwad. If at all he had other sons than Imam Muhammad al-Taqi, then their offspring should have been called Ridawi, Rizvi or Razavi Sayyids. But Since Imam Ali al Reza came to Iran and died in Tous many descendants of his son Imam Muhammad al-Taqi were also called Rizvis. Rizvis are from the children of Imamzadah Musa al Mubarraqa, the son of Imam Muhammad al-Taqi al Jawwad whose tomb is located in Chihil Akhtaran graveyard in Qom city of Iran. Shahzada Ahmad was the son of Musa al Mubarraqa, his tomb is also in Chihil Akhtaran besides his father's tomb. Direct Descendants of these personalities are Rizvi Sayyids, Sabzevar was the inhabited land of Rizvis in Iran before their migration to Indian subcontinent.
Meera Baba's tomb is in the heartland of Hallaur and old natives of Hallaur who regard him as their ancestor revere him a lot. Every year birth anniversary of Meera Baba is celebrated and attended huge number of people. Besides a huge gathering pay their homage and recite verses of Holy Quran at his tomb daily especially on every Thursday. As per historical evidences Mughal Emperor Alamgir II visited Hallaur and he was so much impressed by Meera Baba's history that he gave seven villages to Meera Baba's descendants settled there. Shah Abdur Rasool Trust is still functional in Hallaur. The trust (trustee must be the eldest son of Meera Baba's family) is responsible for maintenance of Bada Imambargah, maintenance of tomb of Meera Baba, organising anniversaries etc. Day of Ashura procession on 10th Moharram, mourning procession of 7th Moharram and similar other processions are organised by the trust (Waqf) round the year from the grants released by Shia Central Waqf Board in favour of Waqf Shah Alamgir II.
It has been said by the local Hallauris that Meer Shah Abdur Rasool faced hard-hitting confrontation from the Magicians settled in Hallaur who were known as "Tharus". The Tharus asked Meera Baba to prove himself being a true Syed and show some miracle against their magical performances. Meera Baba once brushing his teeth with a Reetha stick sowed the same in the land within the premises of today's Jama Masjid of Hallaur. Within a fraction of few days a plant was grown from that place. That miraculous tree is still alive at the entrance of Jama Masjid. Hallauris keep the leaves of that tree as trophy. All Hallauris believe that as long as Meera Baba is in Hallaur, this a secured place. Apart from this Meera baba confronted Tharus with another miracles like asking wall to walk as he was riding it, asking a virgin cow to give milk etc. Tharus later left Hallaur and it's believed that they migrated to Bengal part of India or to the neighbouring country Nepal crossing the Rapti River where the Tharus are still in existence. This area was named Hallaur. It is a prominent place near Domariaganj in District of Siddharthnagar of Uttar Pradesh in India. Generally the natives of this area are small Landlords and Agriculturist by profession but since generations have also become highly educated and can be found in all walks of life, they have entered in other professions as well. Many educated Doctors, Engineers, Lawyers Businessmen, Teachers and Corporate Professionals can be found in Hallaur or outside Hallaur who are of Hallauri Origin. But most of the professionals are found either in big cities or in other countries. Generally they visit Hallaur on few occasions if they are married to a Hallauri Syedani Lady. Hallaur was actively involved in first war of Indian Independence. Begum Hazrat Mahal of Awadh who was also Shiite, took refuge on her way towards Nepal when she was being chased by British Army. Her small contingent with the help of local people ambushed British contingent and assassinated two British officers. The memorial/tomb of those officers are near Ekgharwa village (at that time there was only one house in that village). Hallauris faced regime's hostility and were subjected to punishment for their support in war of Independence by British Army.
Demographics.
As per Official figure of the Census held in India in 2001, Hallaur has a population of approximately 6000 people, 50:50 men to women. However, after amalgamation of neighbouring Bhatangwa village with that of Hallaur, now Bhatangwa is part of Hallaur and with that Hallaur has an estimated total population of approximately 18,000 to 20,000 people including those of the adjoining areas and newly merged village into Hallaur. Residents of Hallaur are referred as Hallauris. Most of the Hallauris practice the Shia Islam religion with considerable population of other faiths such as Sunni Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists and a dozen of Christians. Christians also have their missionary School and Hospital named as St. Thomas on Highway No. 26 of Hallaur.
Most of the Hallauri Muslims are Twelver Shiites . Around 85% of entire population is Muslim out of which more than 90% Shiites are from the Syed families, they are predominantly devout Shias. Other 15% of population has Buddhists and Dalits, Hindus and Christian population.
The Dalits settled in Hallaur have decades old history of being persecuted by the upper caste Hindus during the British rule even years after independence Caste system in India prevailed. They were granted permission by Syed Landlords to settle down with their families in Hallaur along with that they were also provided with free land for their shelter by the local Landlords of Hallaur. A separate locality of Dalits still exists in Hallaur on the land provided by Syeds.
Dalits being the persecuted and most downtrodden community not only in Uttar Pradesh but in entire India still respect the Hallauri Syeds for coming to their rescue at a time when they were chased down by the local upper caste Hindus.
Education and literacy.
The literacy rate amongst the people is considerably higher than other people living in surrounding area. Due to unemployment people of this town are compelled to work in Mumbai, Chennai and Middle Eastern countries for their living apart from local traders who are the backbone of the economy of this town. A substantial number of people are also working in government sector but they mostly live in their respective cities.
Further, in due course of time, this area has developed and become the center of social, general and religious educational activities. A few big and small Educational Institutes and Religious educational institutes like Madrasas, Primary Schools, and High-schools have been formed from time to time and are running successfully. Schools established in Hallaur are Modern School and St. Thomas School. The Modern school was established by Late Hashmat Ali, Ghalib Husain, Mohd Iliyas, Samar Hallauri, Mohammad Husain, Ishtiyaq Hussain, Itait Husain and Dr Moti (Moti doctor) etc. in 1952. District board also runs four schools (including 2 for girls) and two primary schools. There are some privately run schools in Hallaur, the prominent being Al Moosavi school. Makhtab and Madrasas are preferred sources of Religious education for all preferably for Women. Fine Arts, craft and composition of Urdu poetry are major hobbies of native Hallauris. However no artist ever emerged above district level. Hallaur has hosted All India Shia Conference which was attended by important religious leaders and yearly programme of “Anjuman Wazeefa Sadaat wa Momineen.”
Halluaries are the most educated people in this entire region but now due to excessive competition from Public Montessori School of Domariaganj the education sector in halluar is in a stage of closing .
Culture and religion.
Being a Shiite dominated town, Hallaur is becoming a Shiite center of eastern part of Uttar Pradesh because of having a good population of Shia Muslims after a few cities of north India as huge gathering can be seen during the month of Moharram. The great and renowned scholar and theologian from Saran district of (Bihar) state of India “Allamah Sayyid Sa'id Akhtar Rizvi” who actively promoted Islam in East Africa and wrote number of books on Shiite theology and jurisprudence had served as Imam of Jama Masjid of Hallaur in his early days. Late Haider Mahdi who was also a good orator and was conferred with the title of Zaigham e Hind of India. Itrat Hallauri, Qais Hallauri and Allamah Samar Hallauri are all time great poets Hallaur has ever produced. Khurshid Hallauri,Jamal Hallauri, Badrul Hasan Hallauri and Shakeel Hallauri are known for their classic poetry writing. Mayal Hallauri and Baqar Hallauri teachers by profession were also local poets. Sada-e-Dil of the Heart was the epic which was composed and recited by Allamah Samar Hallauri on the opening day of All India Shia Conference(AISC). He was conferred the title of 'Allamah'by AISC presided by 'Maulana Kalbe Abbas' the present Imam of the Jama Masjid. More than half of the population of this place is scattered throughout the world and other places like Gorakhpur, Lucknow, Delhi, Aligarh, Bangalore, Pune and Mumbai. Most of the immigrants of this town are well connected to their roots as they frequently visit their motherland especially during the month Moharram. A monthly Hindi magazine 'Dost Ki Baat' edited by Nafees Haider Hallauri and a newspaper named Hallaur Sandesh edited by Roshan Rizvi had also given glimpses of Hallauri thoughts and culture. They are a unique community and most of them have the same resemblance because they marry within their community with some exceptions.
"Anjuman Farogh Matam" Party and oldest "Anjuman Guldasta Matam" Party are the registered organisations behind all religious activities of Hallauris living in or outside Hallaur. "Anjuman Urooj Matam" is the youth wing of Farogh Matam and "Anjuman Ghuncha Matam" is the youth wing of Guldasta Matam. Every Hallauri is either affiliated to Farogh Matam or Guldasta Matam. Unlimited religious activities are performed by both parties round the year. Locally Farogh Matam is named as Hari Party whereas Guldasta Matam is nicknamed as Kali/Safed [Black Party. Almost every Religious scholar of the country has visited Hallaur once or more to participate in Majlises organised by Farogh Matam and Guldasta Matam since almost last 100 years. Maulana Hasan Abbas Fitrat, Ilmul Hasan, Maulana Chand, Alhaj Tafseer Hasan, Maulana Lakhte jigar, Jamal Haider, Qaiser Abbas and his son Khushter Abbas, Er. Mehdi Abbas and Er. Aftab Haider and many other religious Scholars of Hallauri origin are doing their best to propagate Islamin different parts of India and world. . "Anjuman Yadgare Husaini" is the mother Anjuman of all Anjumans. Late Ali Hasan Tehsildar was the person who had institutionalised and streamlined the activities of this Anjuman and was instrumental in making it financially strong. Karbala of Hallaur is a major place of mourning for Imam Husain ibn Ali. Earlier it was only for burial of Taziya and few other occasional events but in recent past Karbala has emerged as an important place of worship and social gatherings. A Mosque-cum-Imambargah was constructed by (Late)Er. Sayyid Badrul Hasan in the premises of Karbala (later he constructed another Imambargah in old Karbala) A wave of construction activities started since then. Several shrines are constructed in recent past and several constructions are underway.
Shrines so far constructed in Karbala premises of Hallaur are as follows:
Shrines planned to be constructed in Karbala premises of Hallaur as of March 2010:
Azadari and other religious observances.
Azadari in Hallaur is known all over India, its done with great fervor. The practice of not cooking food at home on the day of Ashura is still prevalent in Hallaur. People abstain from cooking at home only if someone dies within their family, and that day they are provided with meal by their neighbours or near relatives. This is done ever year on the day of Ashura, people cook meals at their homes for their neighbours and then distribute within each other.
Taziya procession on the day of Ashura is carried out with much devotion in Hallaur. Hallaur has an history of Azadari which is done in great zeal.
Taziya processions apart from day of Ashura are also carried out by Shiites on the following days:
Tatbeer or Qama-Zani, Zanjeer Zani and Matam on Fire are also done in Hallaur. Most of the Hallauris are in Taqlid of Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani who has sanctioned Zanjeer Zani and Tatbeer. Zainab bint Ali Day organised by Abbas brothers, Abbas Day organised by Alam brothers and Mahfile Noor organised by Farogh Matam are held every year with much devotion. Around 4 decades earlier late Nafis Ahmad Rizvi Advocate started programme named Sham-e-Ghariban and this programme became highly acclaimed .Now this programme is carried out by Zakir-e-Ahlebayte Maulana Khushtar Abbas Rizvi.
Imambargahs in Hallaur are the places which contribute to the cause of mourning of Imam Husain ibn Ali and these are centres of religious gatherings in Moharram. A big new Imambargah is under construction in the vicinity of Hallaur bazaar. Besides Jama Masjid there are five Mosques of Shia community and one of Sunni community.
List of Imambargahs in Hallaur:
Shiva temple of Hallaur is an holy place of worship for Hindus. A fair on the occasion of Maha Shivratri is held every year with huge gathering of Hindus coming from far off to attend the fair. Hallaur also has a Hindu temple named as Kali Mandir. It is also interesting that land for Shivalaya, Seeta Garahiya and Kali Mandir was donated by Hallauri Landlord Syed Mohammad Haider son of late Shabbir Hasan with the consent of his grandfather Late Hashmat Ali Numberdar.
Jama Masjid and managing committee.
A Central 'Jama Masjid' was constructed by the orders of Nawab of Lucknow about two centuries back. The present "Jama MasjidD" was rebuilt in 1930's. This Mosque has, since then, been reconstructed, expanded and repaired from time to time with locally available resources, techniques and materials. Jama Masjid is a centrally managed Mosque, it is also the biggest Mosque of Hallaur and organises the weekly Friday Congregational prayer along with the daily prayers.
The Jama Masjid's managing committee known as “Anjuman-e-Yadgar-e-Hussaini” looks after all affairs pertaining to the management of the Masjid community Graveyards, Madrasas and Makhtab. “Anjuman-e-Yadgar-e-Hussaini” is one of the oldest registered religious organisation of Hallaur. The present Imam of the Jama Masjid is 'Hujjatul Islam Maulana Waseem Raza Zaidi'. Considered as the mother organisation of all organisations in Hallaur "Anjuman-e-Yadgar-e-Hussaini" is actively involved in organising various religious activities in Hallaur. The notable tomb of Shah Abdur Rasool and his miraculous Reetha tree are also within the premises of Jama Masjid.
Hallauris outside Hallaur and their religious activities.
Mumbai is believed to be having the largest Hallauri population outside Hallaur. The majority of Hallauris live in clusters in Govandi and other areas of Mumbai like Andheri(Mograpada), Mira Road, Mumbra, Bandra, Kurla and Navi Mumbai. Anjuman Haideri Hallaur is a registered body of Hallauris in Mumbai established in 1952. Earlier before migrating to Govandi, most of the Hallauris were settled in Dongri an area in South Mumbai. Anjuman Haideri Hallaur is doing considerable job in Lucknow, Delhi, Aligarh and Gorakhpur. Hallaur Association in Gorakhpur is a social-cum-religious platform of Hallauris residing in Gorakhpur. It organises mourining procession of 5th Muharram and Ashura every year. Religious activities are being organised in Delhi and Lucknow also.
Anjuman Haideri Hallaur is Currently headed by Syed Manzoor Hussain Rizvi as chairman and Syed Mukhtar Rizvi as General Secretary of the Anjuman. Hallauris are independent, and all these events are done by donations. ImamBargah –e- Haidery Hallaur, a Masjid cum Imam Bargah is built by Hallauris in Govandi. This Anjuman has a programme in the month of Safar, a Juloos where 72 Tabuts are carried by the mourners of the Martyrs of Karbala. Hallauri Sayyids are a fair complexioned looking race because of their middle eastern ethnicity.

</doc>
<doc id="20391167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391167" title="Gunahi">
Gunahi

Gunahi is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4384 people living in 780 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391174" title="Hajminiya">
Hajminiya

Hajminiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2998 people living in 636 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391180" title="Hardiya Paltuwa">
Hardiya Paltuwa

Hardiya Paltuwa is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2609 people living in 517 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391193" title="The Lodge School">
The Lodge School

In 2010, The Lodge School celebrated its 265th anniversary as an institution of learning. This extended period has not been continuous, as the school closed and reopened four times during these two and a half centuries. The timescales chosen for this article have their benchmarks with some of these dates. The school at various times was known as Codrington College, The College, The Mansion School, the Codrington Grammar School, The Codrington Foundation School, Codrington Collegiate School, Codrington Endowed School, Codrington Lodge Grammar School and even The Lodge Collegiate School. By 1882 the school's name had finally settled on The Lodge School, after the Chaplain's Lodge where some of the early classes were undertaken.
Early history 1745 to 1880.
The Lodge school, had its beginnings in a bequest made by Sir Christopher Codrington who had two estates on the island. The Codrington experiment was to baptise and instruct in Christian education which was greeted with much suspicion by other Barbadian slave owners in the 18th Century. Codrington’s managers were ordered to give his people time off for themselves (usually a Saturday), Sunday being reserved for Christian instruction through which they were to have the benefits of education and the consolations of Christian religion.
There is some dispute as to the exact date of the school's foundation. Building work is recorded as having commenced in 1714, but for a variety of reasons was not finished until 1743. The Barbados Pocket Book of 1838 however records that the Codrington Foundation School was founded in 1721. When the school opened its doors to twelve foundationers to "teach them gratis, the Sons of such Persons as shall be judged not to be in Sufficient Circumstances to bring them up in learning the learned languages" on 9th Sept 1745, chronographers recognise this date officially as its inception. Other pupils were fee paying and most were boarders. The Lodge School is therefore one of the oldest secondary educational establishments on Barbados.
The bequest, Codrington Foundation School, was established with the primary purpose of educating boys who could be subsequently trained in "the study and practice of divinity, physic and chirurgery" there and at other seminaries in the region. In "History of Barbados" its author Robert Hermann Schomburgk gives an early account of Codrington College on pages 111 to 123. The first Bishop of Barbados, William Hart Coleridge [http://anglicanhistory.org/wi/coleridge_memoir1850.htm], contributed immensely to the development of education in Barbados. The promotion of education was high on his agenda and the number of schools increased from eight to eighty three during his episcopate. The number of children receiving education in these schools increased from five hundred (500) to seven thousand (7000). 
The devastating hurricane of 1780 ruined many buildings on the island, including those of the school. The historian Poyer describes it "the havoc which met the eye contributed to subdue the firmest mind. The howling of the tempest; the noise of the descending torrents from clouds surcharged with rain; the incessant flashings of lightning; the roaring of the thunder; the continual crash of falling houses; the dismal groans of the wounded and the dying; the shrieks of despair; the lamentations of woe; and the screams of women and children calling for help on those whose ears were now closed to the voice of complaint, formed an accumulation of sorrow and of terror too great for human fortitude, to vast for human conception. Earlier in 1775, the school was closed as a result of financial difficulties with the Codrington estates and it was not until 1789 that it was able to open again, continuing in a precarious manner with a succession of Headmasters, such that by the middle of the last decade of the Eighteenth Century it was not flourishing.
The appointment of Rev M Nicholson in 1797 was to have a marked improvement of the scholastic achievements as the school also made consistent progress. Pupils were known to leave and go straight to University. Under his leadership Foundation Scholarships were first offered in 1819 to students to enable them to go up to further education. Notably it wasn't until 1879 that the Barbados Scholarship scheme was started.
Coleridge also reorganised Codrington Foundation School so that it became in 1827 a training establishment for clergy as had been intended by its founder, Christopher Codrington. The Grammar School was transferred to the Chaplain's Lodge on the upper estate (from which the school later took its name) in 1829 under the charge of the Rev. John Packer and finally settled where it is now located on Codrington’s Society Estate in the parish of St John. Measures were taken for the opening of the College "no longer as a mere Grammar school for boys, but as a strictly collegiate institution for the education of young men, especially with a view to Holy Orders" (Society for the Propagation of the Gospel report on Codrington College, 1847).
In 1846 the Barbados Legislature made its first state grant of £750 for education. The Rev. Richard Rawle was appointed as Principal of Codrington College and the training of elementary school teachers was undertaken. In 1850 the first Education Act was passed which also raised the grant to secondary schools to £3,000 per annum. By June of that year under the headship of Rev W. Webb the numbers at the school had grown to 39 boys and two years later this had increased to 63 pupils, 48 of whom were boarders. In 1878 the governing body of the Lodge School was properly constituted and in the following year, the Government took over the running of the school, meeting all the expenses of the institution and paying a small stipend to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel (SPC).
In BB Ward's History of The Lodge School 1745-1900 he closes the chapter of The Fourth School with the comment ""perhaps an unfortunate oversight that there is nothing in the school to perpetuate the names of Mark Nicholson (Headmaster 1797-1821) and Rev Rawle (Principal of Codrington College 1847-1864), two of three men (Codrington, of course, the other) to whom the school owes its very existence"".
Middle years 1880 to 1930.
The Government leased the lands containing the school from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel and the school reopened in 1881 as a grant maintained First Grade School administered by a Governing Body with Mr Tracey as Headmaster. An Education Commission established by Bishop Mitchinson secured an affiliation of Codrington College to Durham University. Further improvements were made to the school, but its grammar school ethos remained unchanged. On the retirement of Tracey in 1892, and with frequent changes of headmasters, the school floundered somewhat. In 1899, when O. DeC. Emtage was appointed Headmaster, the school began to flourish again under his leadership and by 1902 it had outgrown its accommodation. Building works were started and new wings were constructed to provide a library, improved science lecture rooms and a reading room. Also at the turn of the century, Mr Emtage instituted the annual speech at which athletic meetings were held. Prior to 1900 these were only held occasionally. In 1903 the Cadet Corps at The Lodge started and was the first such unit in the West Indies.
The Latin quote ""Possunt Quia Posse Videntur"" by Roman poet Virgil is the school’s motto chosen by Mr Emtage, is also the school motto for Christ College, Brecon, Wales [http://www.christcollegebrecon.com] founded by Royal Charter in 1541 by King Henry VIII as well as for The Harvard-Westlake School in Los Angeles California. The English translation of the motto is ""They Can Because They Think They Can"". The school Arms and Crest were designed by Mrs Evan Sealy, wife of a former rector of St John in conjunction with Mr Emtage in the first decade of the twentieth century. The School crest of the leading sea horse comes from the Barbados Arms. The coat of Arms has a white field, indicative of purity and uprightnesss; a black and fess, hinting that the qualities signified by the field would be strenuously defended; and finally three Maltese crosses, the device of St John the Apostle and the Knights Templar of the same name. The fess and white field were adopted from the arms of Codrington College, the lions of the latter being replaced by Maltese crosses 
When Mr Emtage resigned in 1931, the school could hardly be recognised as the one he took over in 1899. The Lodge School Record comments "trace what nerve of body politic you will and at its source, ruling our activities whence alone they can be ruled, siting where metaphor he had now sat for a quarter of a century, you will find the chief". The school roll at this time had increased to over 100, with nearly sixty being boarders.
1930 to present.
With the appointment of Rev H.B.Gooding to succeed Mr Emtage, The Lodge School had finally produced its own Headmaster, an achievement to be proud of. The new Headmaster re-introduced Greek into the curriculum and encouraged the serious study of Classics. In 1935 the Memorial Hall was completed, partly to accommodate the increased number of boarders on the first floor, but also to provide for more classrooms. Construction of a new science/laboratory block accommodating additional classrooms on a second floor also took place. There was great interest in the boarding establishment and the number of applications to join the school increased, especially from neighbouring islands, and when Gooding retired in 1941 the school roll had passed 150, which included about 70 boarders.
The Memorial Hall was built from funds raised almost exclusively by Old Boys in honour of former pupils who died in the First World War. It was opened in 1935 and bronze plaques bearing the names of those who died in both World Wars were added in 1965.
In May 1944, the Sanatorium and Library was destroyed by fire. The Library was temporarily rehoused in locked cupboards in a classroom until 1953 when a small room became available where the books were stored. The new library rebuilt from subscriptions and re-opened in 1955. Further building works were undertaken and the boarding establishment was enlarged to accommodate 30 more termly boarders by 1945. By June 1946, the school roll had increased to 213. In September 1950 the school roll passed 300 for the first time.
In 1959 the Government, through the Education Act, instituted the Common Entrance Examinations to The Lodge and similar secondary education schools on the island. Around this time the school roll exceeded 400.
For much of the 1960s, the school population was quite static but pressure by Government was beginning to be placed on the school to increase its numbers and the Governing Body acceded to the wishes of the Minister of Education to expand into a three form entry such that the 1967 school roll of 438 had passed 550 by 1970. Two new laboratories were added in 1967 eventually leading to two labs for each of the three science disciplines. The following year a new classroom block to accommodate a further three classrooms was opened. 
In 1971 the Government instituted free Secondary education which immediately impacted on the boarding establishment of the school, such that by 1979 this 234 year unique aspect of the Lodge School became uneconomic to maintain. Another great shift in the school was about to take place in the mid seventies with the introduction of girls from other schools into the sixth form. Earlier, in 1953, several girls from a sister school, Codrington High School, came to The Lodge to undertake Science (Chemistry, Physics and Biology) A Level instruction, but it was not until1974 that The Lodge enrolled its first girls into the school.
ln 1979 the hundred year lease the Government was given on the premises by the SPC expired and it took the opportunity to acquire full possession of the premises The Lodge School in October 1983.
Influence on the development of the Cadet Corps in Barbados.
In the latter part of the 1800s and early 1900s, Englishmen coming to the island were struck by the close similarities of the Barbadian Grammar Schools to the English Public Schools. However they noticed that there was a lack of equivalent school discipline, i.e. there was no system of prefects, monitors etc. 
This shortcoming was rectified in late 1903 when the then Headmaster of The Lodge, Mr. O Emptage considered that the psychological moment had arrived and he approached the science master, an officer at the time with the Barbados Volunteer Force, with the suggestion to develop, either a regular Cadet Company or at least a Drill Squad.
Capt. R Radcliffe Hall was only too willing to give the necessary assistance in organising such a programme. In the first term of 1904, the attempt had proved so successful, that it was decided that a Cadet Company, with proper military establishment be formed. A uniform was decided on and later, thanks to the kind efforts of the then Governor, Sir Fedrick Hudgson, V.D, a gift of 25 Drill Purpose Carbines was presented. These were later supplemented with a number of defunct CLB's.
That first Company consisted of 43 Cadets, 1 Company Sergeant Major, 4 Corporals, 4 Lance Corporals, 4 Front Rank cadets.
During that time, a system existed where the better cadets occupied the front rank while others occupied the other ranks. When sufficiently good at drill, a boy was eligible for promotion to the front rank. This allowed a system of development and promotion even before being promoted to non commissioned officer status.
Much of the historical information is courtesy of P.D. Frost's kind copy of F.A. Hoyos, "Two Hundred Years: A History of the Lodge School, 1745–1945", published by the Barbados Advocate, as well as B.B. Ward's "History of The Lodge School 1745–1900".
Rolls of Honour of the two World Wars.
The Rolls of Honour commemorating the school's war dead are on two bronze plaques on either side of the entrance to the Memorial Hall, the portal of which has the word Remember engraved. The Lodge School Old Boys' Association raised funds over several years to have these memorials to their fallen comrades poigniantly installed and consecrated in 1965.
Renovations.
A BD$25m project involving the construction of two new blocks, a hall, pavilion, new bathrooms, additional exits and other refurbishments to the facility. The Memorial Hall will be kept but many buildings will undergo substantial improvements.
School Song - Song Of The Years - What is there.
Here we stand where our fathers standing
Thought the thoughts that are ours today;
Yielding their hearts to the School’s commanding,
Tuned their lives to accept her sway:
One with theirs is the prayer we pray-
One with theirs is our Hope, our Light-
One with theirs is the game we play-
One with theirs is our rule for right.
"Still in the lore of her legend’s pages
"Truth, like the quenchless star
"Set for a sign for future ages
"Shines on the years that are."
Here in the games that are ours for playing
Find we more that the moment’s prize-
Shoulder to shoulder our ranks arraying,
Face the future with fearless eyes,
Hence with doubting and vain surmise!
Standing firmly we front the foe;
Whatsoever the days devise,
Life shall call us and we will go.
"Ay, and the lesson of this our chorus
"Still we will bear in mind;
"Draw for the light of the years before us,
"Might from the years behind.
Here in the tasks that are ours for learning
Read we more than the pages bear-
Fan the flame in our spirit burning
Not to be less that our fathers were;
What they ventured we too would dare-
Whither they journeyed we set our face-
Long as The Lodge that had these in care,
Stand unmoved in her storied place.
"Memory born of old days shall bind us
"-Though we return no more-
"Still shall the light of the years behind us
"Brighten the years before."
William Wallace Cathcart Dunlop (1920)[http://dspace.dial.pipex.com/town/walk/rcr51/ThomasAustin/tree/pafn21.htm] Professor of Classics at Codrington College

</doc>
<doc id="20391197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391197" title="Harsaha">
Harsaha

Harsaha is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3026 people living in 535 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391204" title="Hathiyahi">
Hathiyahi

Hathiyahi is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4419 people living in 783 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391208" title="Inarbari Jyutahi">
Inarbari Jyutahi

Inarbari Jyutahi is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4193 people living in 775 individual households.
References.
<Birth Place of CA Rajesh K Verma />
Birth Place of CA Rajesh K Verma

</doc>
<doc id="20391213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391213" title="Inaruwa, Narayani">
Inaruwa, Narayani

Inaruwa is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2935 people living in 598 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391215" title="Gustave Singier">
Gustave Singier

Gustave Singier (11 February 1909, Warneton – 5 May 1984, Paris) was a Belgian non-figurative painter active in France as part of the new Paris School of Lyrical Abstraction and the Salon de Mai.
Early life.
He spent his childhood in German occupied Belgium, then moved to France in 1919. From the age of 14, he started to paint. In 1923 he enrolled as a student at the Boulle school, attending until 1926. From 1927, he worked as a draughtsman, designing interior architecture and furniture until 1936. 
1936 could be considered to be a turning point in Singier's career as an artist: he met the painter Charles Walch who encouraged him as a painter, put him in contact with artistic circles and who began to exhibit Singier's work at numerous Parisian Salons from 1936. 
World War II.
In 1940, with World War II now underway, Singier was mobilized in the Belgian army and sent to Bagnols-on-Ceze after the German invasion of Belgium. From 1941 to 1944, Singier worked in the workshop of his cabinet maker father. In 1941, Singier joined a group of young artists who showed their work in the exhibition ‘Vingt Peintres de tradition francaise’ (Twenty Painters of the French Tradition) at the Braun Gallery, an exhibition in defiance of the Nazi military occupation. 
Career.
In 1945 he was one of the founding members of the Salon de Mai. In common with many other painters of his generation, after the allied liberation of Western Europe, Singier discovered Kandinsky, Klee, Mondrian and - through them - abstract art. 
In 1947 Singier was naturalized as a French citizen.
In 1949, he had his first solo exhibition at the Billiet-Caputo gallery.
From 1951 to 1954, Singier taught at the Ranson Academy, and from 1967 to 1978 at the Paris School of Art.
Singier died on 5 May 1984. He is buried in Paris, in the Montparnasse Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20391217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391217" title="Jatahare">
Jatahare

Jatahare is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5402 people living in 941 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391222" title="Jayanagar, Narayani">
Jayanagar, Narayani

Jayanagar is a Village Development Committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3153 people residing in 570 individual households.
Jayanagar means "Victory Town".

</doc>
<doc id="20391223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391223" title="Catholic Church of St Oswald and St Edmund Arrowsmith">
Catholic Church of St Oswald and St Edmund Arrowsmith

The Catholic Church of St Oswald and St Edmund Arrowsmith is located on Liverpool Road in Ashton-in-Makerfield, Greater Manchester, England.
Building.
The present church was constructed in 1935, with the architect being J. K. Brocklesby. The bell tower is a notable landmark with its green copper roof that can be seen on the drive into Ashton from Stubshaw Cross. On the inside, it holds a grand structure with pillars on either side of the main seating area, in front of the altar. The Altar itself has marble flooring and four red carpets. It has four seats either side for the Altar servers to be seated. At the back of the altar is the Tabernacle, and eight candles. Above the altar is stained glass windows of saints designed by Harry_Clarke, and at 10:30, can be seen on the church floor.
Rooms.
There are two sacristies. The Boy's sacristy, for the altar servers, Has a table, and tapers, and 'candle snuffers', the hymn numbers, incense, and cassocks and cottas in the far cupboard, the present albs in the cupboard before that, and the near cupboard, the rest are things for the mass.
In the priest's sacristy, are two crucifixes, the priests garments, and a safe. This safe holds relics.
The doors on the left of the church are storage, except for the last two. These two are a confessional booth, and a door leading to a door on the right, which is a meeting room, a toilet ahead, and the Priest, Father B.A. Newns' house
Canon's hall.
The canons hall was opened by Father F. J. Ripley. It holds events and the Girl guides, and children's liturgy. It has a kitchen, a piano, and a storage cupboard.
Relic.
The church houses a holy relic, the hand of St Edmund Arrowsmith, who was one of the English Martyrs. It holds also a piece of the cross.

</doc>
<doc id="20391227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391227" title="Jethrahiya">
Jethrahiya

Jethrahiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 4225 people living in 664 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391237" title="Jhunkhunma">
Jhunkhunma

Jhunkhunma is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4336 people living in 831 individual households.
References.
mohd sakil ahmed karunia rautahat nepal

</doc>
<doc id="20391242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391242" title="Jingadawa Belbichhwa">
Jingadawa Belbichhwa

Jingadawa Belbichhwa is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3628 people living in 639 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391249" title="Jingadiya">
Jingadiya

Jingadiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3628 people living in 639 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391256" title="Jowaha">
Jowaha

Jowaha is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5359 people living in 892 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391262" title="For the Common Good">
For the Common Good

For the Common Good ("Per il Bene Comune", PBC) is a political coalition in Italy. Its leader is Stefano Montanari.
It was formed for the 2008 general election and was composed of:
In the 2008 election the coalition won 0.33% of the vote (119.569 votes) for the Chamber of Deputies and 0.32% (105.827) for the Senate, despite being present only in some constituencies, and no seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20391263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391263" title="Judibela">
Judibela

Judibela is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3910 people living in 667 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391268" title="Kakanpur">
Kakanpur

Kakanpur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,176 people living in 1,086 households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391273" title="Karkach Karmaiya">
Karkach Karmaiya

Karkach Karmaiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4685 people living in 821 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391279" title="Karuniya">
Karuniya

Karuniya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4436 people living in 834 individual households. It's among few Muslim majority villages of Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="20391286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391286" title="Katahariya">
Katahariya

Katahariya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4619 people living in 835 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391291" title="From the Outside">
From the Outside

From the Outside is the fifteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released as a limited edition of 500 copies in Belgium in 1985. "From The Outside" was available in the UK as well, but the label is unknown.
Colin Harper describes the album on his Bert Jansch biography, "Dazzling Stranger": "Towards the end of 1985 a solo album called "From the Outside" appeared, but only just. Cobbled together from sessions in Denmark and London, with unsympathetic engineers and featuring only guitar and voice, it was Bert's rawest and most cathartic work since Bert Jansch twenty years earlier. It slipped out on the tiny Belgian label Konexion in a pressing of only five hundred copies, and a greater contrast to previous studio album "Heartbreak" would be hard to imagine."
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Bert Jansch; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20391295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391295" title="An Invisible Sign">
An Invisible Sign

An Invisible Sign is a 2010 American drama film directed by Marilyn Agrelo and starring Jessica Alba, J. K. Simmons, Chris Messina, Sophie Nyweide, and Bailee Madison. Based on the 2001 novel "An Invisible Sign of My Own" by Aimee Bender, the film is about a painfully withdrawn young woman who, as a child, turned to math for comfort after her father became ill, and now as an adult, teaches the subject and must help her students through their own crises. For her performance in the film, Bailee Madison received a 2011 Young Artist Award nomination for Best Performance in a Feature Film.
Plot.
Mona Gray (Jessica Alba) systematically withdraws from life into a world of mathematics after a mysterious mental illness leaves her father (John Shea) incapacitated and a shell of his former self. Forced by her mother to move out on her own, Mona gets a job as a math teacher at an elementary school. There she discovers she has an unorthodox talent for teaching and finds herself thrust back into life again, with children to care for, and a reason to live. Mona takes special interest in one of her students, Lisa Venus (Sophie Nyweide), whose mother is dying of cancer. When fellow teacher Ben Smith (Chris Messina) shows romantic interest in her, Mona reverts to some of her old self-destructive impulses. Eventually, Mona discovers her value in the love she shows her students, and Ben's patience is finally rewarded as the two find love in each other.
Production.
Aimee Bender's 2001 novel "An Invisible Sign of My Own" was adapted for the screen by "The Wedding Planner" scribes Michael Ellis and Pamela Falk.
A test screening was shown at Comsewogue High School in Port Jefferson Station, New York. The film premiered at the 18th Hamptons International Film Festival on October 7, 2010. It was released through video on demand on April 1, 2011, and premiered in theaters on May 6, 2011.
Reception.
The film received near-universal negative reviews upon release. Rotten Tomatoes reported 0 positive and 14 negative reviews, including mentions to the film's "boredom" and singling out both Alba's performance and Agrelo's direction.

</doc>
<doc id="20391296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391296" title="Khesarhiya">
Khesarhiya

Khesarhiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1995 people living in 364 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391371" title="Warneton, Belgium">
Warneton, Belgium

Warneton (in Dutch "Waasten", in Picard "Varnetån" or "Warneuton") is part of the Belgian municipality of Comines-Warneton in Wallonia in the province of Hainaut. It was a municipality of its own until the 1977 merger of Belgian municipalities.
Etymology.
1007 "Uuarnasthun", 1065 "Uuarnestun", 1104 "Guarnestun"
Farm (Saxon "thun", Germanic "*tûna" « enclos ») of Warin, Saxon and Frankish anthroponym (Saxon settlement set up in the Merovingian era).
History.
Cut away from Ploegsteert in 1850, it was transferred from the province of West Flanders to the province of Hainaut, in 1963. Since that date its minority Dutch-speaking inhabitants have benefitted from language facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20391374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391374" title="Retail Food Group">
Retail Food Group

Retail Food Group (Australia) Limited often abbreviated to RFGA or RFG () is the franchiser and owner of the Donut King, Brumby's Bakeries, bb's Cafe, Michel's Patisserie, Pizza Capers, Crust and Big Dads Pies brands, based in Southport, Queensland. Retail Food Group Limited was incorporated in 2003 to act as the ultimate holding company of the fast growing RFG group of entities.

</doc>
<doc id="20391379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391379" title="Bridge near Limyra">
Bridge near Limyra

The Bridge near Limyra (in , "Bridge of the Forty Arches") is a late Roman bridge in Lycia, in modern south-west Turkey, and one of the oldest segmented arch bridges in the world. Located near the ancient city of Limyra, it is the largest civil engineering structure of antiquity in the region, spanning the Alakır Çayı river over a length of on 26 segmental arches. These arches, with a span-to-rise ratio of 5.3:1, give the bridge an unusually flat profile, and were unsurpassed as an architectural achievement until the late Middle Ages. Today, the structure is largely buried by river sediments and surrounded by greenhouses. Despite its unique features, the bridge remains relatively unknown, and only in the 1970s did researchers from the Istanbul branch of the German Archaeological Institute carry out field examinations on the site.
Field examinations.
No information on the bridge survives from ancient sources. The first descriptions appear in European travellers' accounts from the 19th century. The British archaeologist Charles Fellows was the first to explore the region of Lycia, and visited the bridge in May 1840. Fellows, as well as T.A.B. Spratt and Edward Forbes, who visited the site two years later, describe it as having 25 arches. In 1882, an Austrian expedition, including Otto Benndorf, interpreted the structure as part of an ancient road that connected Limyra with the city of Attaleia (modern Antalya) to the east. However, this mission failed to produce any plans or sketches of the site.
The first, and only scientific examination of the bridge was undertaken by the German archaeologists Wolfgang W. Wurster and Joachim Ganzert in two successive days in September 1973, and completed through further visits in subsequent years. Their findings were published in 1978 in the "Archäologischer Anzeiger" journal of the German Archaeological Institute, with the express intent of bringing the imperiled state of the hitherto almost intact bridge into the spotlight:
In 1993, the civil engineer Colin O'Connor summarized their report in his English-language monograph on Roman bridges, and also emphasized the exceptional character of this bridge. No further scientific examinations of the Limyra Bridge are known.
Location and situation.
The bridge crosses the Alakır Çayı stream, whose ancient name is unknown, east of the ruins of Limyra (distance measured from the city's theatre) and north of the modern coastline, close to the modern road from Turunçova to Kumluca. The local topography is dominated by the foothills of the Toçak Dağı mountains, which blend here with the alluvial bottomlands of the Bay of Finike. In this transitional area, the bridge was built immediately above the point where the narrow river valley opens into the wide estuary plain, and where the crossing of the river during the rain period would be obstructed by high water. While the eastern end of the bridge levels off at the gravel plain, the western end abuts directly to the rising rock wall of the mountain, presumably for protection against floods. The resulting sharp bend in the course of the road could also be exploited in case of need to block the road. A modern dam, Alakır Barajı, was constructed upstream for irrigation purposes and flood protection.
Lycia did not, in contrast to other Roman provinces, possess a very developed road system. While the north–south traffic was conducted primarily through the few river valleys, the east–west routes led, unlike today, mostly on and along the mountain ridges. This particular road, leading from Limyra over the Alakır Çayı and into the neighbouring region of Pamphylia and Attaleia, must have been of special importance, since the two regions were united in a single province, "Lycia et Pamphylia", until the 4th century. In comparison to the main arterial roads of the Roman Empire however, the roads of Lycia were, with width, rather modest and confined to pedestrian and pack animal traffic. This is further corroborated by the fact that no wagon ruts are evident on the paving of the Limyra bridge, nor any traces of a parapet or breastwork.
Construction.
With a length of , the Limyra Bridge qualifies as the largest surviving engineering achievement of antiquity in Lycia. The bridge stands on 26 uniform segmental arches consisting of a double, radially laid course of bricks. At the eastern end, the original 27th arch has been replaced by two smaller, semicircular arches of later construction. The latter are built with a single course of bricks. Traces of the original, flat beginning of the collapsed arch are still visible on the piers.
At the time of Wurster's and Ganzert's visit to the site, the entire bridge was buried by river sediments up to the springing line of the vaults. No efforts to dig them up were undertaken by Wurster and Ganzert. Only two of the 28 arches were exposed enough so that direct measurements of the clear span and the pier width could be undertaken. It was, however, possible to calculate the dimensions of the remaining bays from their exposed sections.
Architecture.
Arches and piers.
The spans of the arches ranged from to (arches 2 and 26 respectively). Based on the size of the spans, one can distinguish four groups, with the following median values:
The reason for this grouping is unclear; they certainly cannot be attributed to an attempt to match the lay of the river bed. The differences however could point to the repeated use of differently-sized falsework structures in the construction of the barrel vaults (see animation below).
Only in a single case, between arches 26 and 27, were Wurster and Ganzert able to determine the breadth of a pier: . Subtracting this value from the common arch span of , a clear span of remains. Since all arches have a rise of ca. , the Limyra Bridge has an unusually large span-to-rise ratio of . Such flattened arches were very rare at the time for stone bridges, and were not matched and surpassed until the reappearance of segmental arch bridges in 14th century Italy. For the largest arch in the Limyra Bridge, the ratio is even greater, spanning a width 6.4 times its height. The two later arches, in contrast, are, with a ratio of 2.7:1, quite ordinary semi-circular arches.
Height.
The total height of the bridge could not be determined because most of the structure is silted up. However, the distance between the arches' abutments and the pavement surface could be determined at only . 
The surface level is almost horizontal: the roadway lies at a height of above sea level between arches 1 to 20, and falls slightly in its eastern section, between arches 21 and 26 to a level of . Since there is no indication of a later sinking of the structure, this nearly uniform height indicates careful levelling and the existence of solid pier foundations. In contrast, the lengthwise axis of the bridge displays often significant deviations from arch to arch.
Statics.
Remarkably, the support line of the structure's dead load is almost identical with the curve of the vault arch. The statical analysis of the bridge proves the structure's great load capacity:
Materials.
The Limyra bridge was built in a composite manner of brick, stonemasonry, and rubble.
Arches.
The bricks of the segmental arches are made of yellow-red clay, mixed with fine brick fragments. The bricks are rectangular plates, measuring ca. and thick. They are placed with the shorter side upright facing outwards, so that the total thickness of the arches measures . The bricks are bound with grout of lime mortar mixed with brick shards and fine gravel, forming -thick joints. The two later semi-circular arches were built with smaller bricks, although surviving bricks from the original arch were re-used at places. The abutment stones are dressed limestone ashlar blocks, and form a sloping surface to support the arches.
The double-layer technique facilitated a more effective use of the falsework, since they could be removed and used elsewhere as soon as the lower course was finished:
Superstructure.
As far as can be determined, between arches 2 to 21, the outer facing of the superstructure consists of four layers of brick, followed by layers of rough stonemasonry bound with mortar. In contrast, between arches 22 and 26, as well as in both ramps on either end, the facing consists of ashlar blocks. The two repaired arches 27a and 27b are differentiated from the earlier work through the use of smaller unworked stones and the incorporation of irregularly placed brick tiles. In arch 26, the lower side of the arch still features a projecting bearing used for the placement of the falsework.
The interior of the superstructure consists of a combination of unworked masonry blocks and large river boulders, bound with lime mortar.
Pavement.
The bridge surface is located only over the arches' apex, is wide, increasing towards either end at and projects ca. over the superstructure on either side. It is paved with large and irregular limestone cobblestones, although smaller pebbles have been used in the repairs at the two semicircular arches.
Dating.
The exact chronological placement of the Limyra bridge is difficult due to its unique place within Roman engineering tradition and the lack of comparable structures. Wurster and Ganzert used following characteristics as a starting point:
In contrast to these, most Roman stone bridges were faced with ashlar and rested on voussoir arches, a method which is dominant in other vaulted structures in Lycia too. Compared to the massive and tall semicircular-arched bridges that are typical of Roman architecture, the Limyra bridge, with its flat segmented arches, offers a markedly lower and more elongated appearance, so that Wurster and Ganzert offer a "provisional" late dating, approximately during the reign of emperor Justinian I in the 6th century, during which the use of mixed brick and stone is attested in other structures of the region.
On the other hand, this mixed technique is already present in the 3rd-century AD aqueduct of Aspendos, and the Romans certainly knew how to build segmented-arched bridges, as attested by surviving examples, three of which are listed by Wurster and Ganzert themselves. An earlier construction date in the 2nd or cannot therefore be excluded. The case for an earlier construction date has been strengthened in recent years with the discovery of further seven Roman segmented arch bridges. The remnants of the nearby Kemer Bridge over the river Xanthos, which dates to the 3rd century and has some architectural similarities with the Limyra bridge, could further reinforce that case.

</doc>
<doc id="20391400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391400" title="Desperadoes Steel Orchestra">
Desperadoes Steel Orchestra

The Desperadoes Steel Orchestra, also called Despers, is a steelband from Laventille in Trinidad.
Origins and evolution.
The Desperadoes Steel Orchestra emerged from the fusion of three different steelbands from Laventille. The name of the group was chosen from the movie "Desperadoes" starring Glenn Ford that was shown in Port of Spain at the time.
came from laventille formerly known as dead end kids 
Despers were led by Rudolph Charles since 1961 until his death in 1985. Charles invited several pantuners such as Bertie Marshall and Lincoln Noel to create the best possible orchestral effects.
The orchestra has worldwide appearances and has performed at the Royal Albert Hall in 1972, Carnegie Hall in 1987, and performed with the Opera singer Luciano Pavarotti in Barbados in 1996.
The late Mr. Raymond "Artie" Shaw was the first musician to conduct Desperadoes Steel Orchestra at their performance for Queen Elizabeth at the Royal Albert Hall in London, and the late, Insp. Anthony Prospect conducted their English tour in 1981. The late Dr. Pat Bishop conducted their performance at Carnegie Hall in NYC. Desperadoes have also toured some of Trinidad & Tobago's motherlands; such as Africa, India, China, England and Grenada. Desperadoes has qualified for the most Panorama finals,46 of 50, was a finalist for 36 consecutive years 1976 through 2011, has the highest winning percentage(1) victory every 5 years, has won every entered competition, and has a total of 24 combined victories, from 1965 to 2011. Desperadoes is the only steel orchestra to have maintained such a high level of consistency over the last 50 years, hence he term, Finest Steel Orchestra Ever. For more history about Desperadoes Steel Orchestra, see the new book, "Desperadoes <> Rudolph Charles Era and Beyond" by Ian Franklin. 
Education.
Despers also make an effort to educate their community in Laventille, and has hosted "Pan Camps" with up to 200 children participating. Besides playing steelpan, the program includes foreign language training, life skills and field trips.
Competitions.
Panorama.
Despers won the national Panorama Championship of Trinidad and Tobago ten times in their history. The orchestra always takes part in the big-band category with a minimum of one hundred musicians.
Music Festival.
Desperadoes have won the (Pan Is Beautiful) Steel Orchestra Music Festival of Trinidad and Tobago three times. They played the "Polovetsian Dances" by Borodin in 1986, the "Marche Slave" from Tchaikovsky in 1988 and the "Bartered Bride" by Smetana in 1992. Their classical renditions were all arranged and conducted by the late, Dr. Pat Bishop. 
Desperadoes have also won The Best Village Classical Competition for pan in 1965. They performed "The Marriage of Figaro", which was arranged By Mr. Beverly Griffith.
In 1967 they won The Champ of Champs Classical Competition. Their rendition of "Palaestra" and "The Merry Wives of Windsor" were arranged and conducted by the late Raymond "Artie" Shaw.

</doc>
<doc id="20391403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391403" title="Aleksandr Denisov">
Aleksandr Denisov

Aleksandr Mikhailovich Denisov () (born February 23, 1989) is a Russian footballer currently playing for FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk. He made his debut in the Russian Premier League for FC Dynamo Moscow on July 20, 2008 in a game against FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok.
International career.
Denisov was a part of the Russia U-21 side that was competing in the 2011 European Under-21 Championship qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="20391410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391410" title="Laxminiya, Narayani">
Laxminiya, Narayani

Laxminiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6619 people living in 1142 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391418" title="Laxmipur, Narayani">
Laxmipur, Narayani

Laxmipur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3459 people living in 594 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391428" title="Laxmipur Belbichhawa">
Laxmipur Belbichhawa

Laxmipur Belbichhawa is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2209 people living in 379 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391434" title="Lokaha">
Lokaha

Lokaha is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2792 people living in 500 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391440" title="Madanpur, Narayani">
Madanpur, Narayani

Madanpur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1597 people living in 290 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391448" title="Madhopur, Rautahat">
Madhopur, Rautahat

Laxminiya is a Village Development Committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4444 people residing in 858 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391457" title="Mahamadpur, Narayani">
Mahamadpur, Narayani

Mahamadpur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4690 people living in 812 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391465" title="Malahi">
Malahi

Malahi is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1477 people living in 264 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391469" title="Maryadpur, Narayani">
Maryadpur, Narayani

Maryadpur is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3474 people living in 638 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391474" title="Masedawa">
Masedawa

Masedawa is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3856 people living in 687 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391508" title="Cromdale railway station">
Cromdale railway station

Cromdale railway station served the village of Cromdale, Highland, in Scotland.
History.
Opened by the Strathspey Railway (GNoSR), it was absorbed by the Great North of Scotland Railway. Then station passed on to the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed by the British Railways Board. The station is on the route of the Strathspey long distance path and has been restored as a private dwelling with an external appearance close to that of the original Great North of Scotland design. A restored carriage body built at the Inverurie works in 1916 stands behind the platform. 
A private 1.5 mile railway line ran from the station yard to Balmenach Distillery, opening in 1897 and closing in 1968. It also closed from 1941 to 1947 when the distillery re-opened following expansion. The Barclay 'pug' locomotive 'Balmenach' which worked the line is now preserved at Boat of Garten on the Strathspey Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20391514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391514" title="Tueba Menayane">
Tueba Menayane

Tueba Menayane (born 13 March 1963 in Léopoldville), simply known as Tueba, is a Congolese retired footballer who played as a right midfielder.
He played most of his professional career in Portugal, appearing for six different clubs.
Football career.
After arriving in Portugal at age 23 from AS Vita Club, Tueba went on to spend the following decade in the country. He started with first division giants S.L. Benfica, helping the "Reds" to three national accolades during his two-year spell, although he never was an undisputed starter.
Released in the 1988 summer, after Benfica lost the 1988 European Cup to PSV Eindhoven – he was not picked for the final 16 – Tueba consolidated himself in the Portuguese top flight for the following years, successively representing Vitória de Setúbal, F.C. Tirsense, S.C. Farense and Gil Vicente FC. In 1993, he moved to the second level with Leixões Sport Club, then continued to play in the country until the age of 37, his final years being spent in amateur football.
Tueba represented Zaire at the 1992 Africa Cup of Nations in Senegal, scoring one goal for the eventual quarterfinalists.

</doc>
<doc id="20391518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391518" title="Welcome to the Jungle (disambiguation)">
Welcome to the Jungle (disambiguation)

Welcome to the Jungle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20391529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391529" title="Mathiya">
Mathiya

Mathiya is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3762 people living in 635 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20391548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391548" title="Flued boiler">
Flued boiler

A shell or flued boiler is an early and relatively simple form of boiler used to make steam, usually for the purpose of driving a steam engine. The design marked a transitional stage in boiler development, between the early haystack boilers and the later multi-tube fire-tube boilers. A flued boiler is characterized by a large cylindrical boiler shell forming a tank of water, traversed by one or more large flues containing the furnace. These boilers appeared around the start of the 19th century and some forms remain in service today. Although mostly used for static steam plants, some were used in early steam vehicles, railway locomotives and ships.
Flued boilers were developed in an attempt to raise steam pressures and improve engine efficiency. Early haystack designs of Watt's day were mechanically weak and often presented an unsupported flat surface to the fire. Boiler explosions, usually beginning with failure of this firebox plate, were common. It was known that an arched structure was stronger than a flat plate and so a large circular flue tube was placed inside the boiler shell. The fire itself was on an iron grating placed across this flue, with a shallow ashpan beneath to collect the non-combustible residue. This had the additional advantage of wrapping the heating surface closely around the furnace, but that was a secondary benefit.
Although considered as low-pressure (perhaps ) today, this was regarded as high pressure compared to its predecessors. This increase in pressure was a major factor in making locomotives (i.e. small self-moving vehicles) such as Trevithick's into a practical proposition.
Centre-flue boilers.
The simplest boiler for locomotives had a single straight flue. It was widely used by many of the early locomotive makers, including Blenkinsop's locomotives for the Middleton railway and Stephenson's Locomotion.
This type of boiler is simple to manufacture and strong enough to support "high pressure" (for the period) steam with expansive working in the cylinders. There is also good gas flow through the large flue, so that the fire receives sufficient draught from the action of a tall chimney alone. However it also has little heating area, so is inefficient and burns a large amount of coal.
Return-flue boilers.
A simple flue must be long if it is to offer adequate heating area. In a short boiler shell, such as required for a steam locomotive, this may be done by using a U-shaped "return flue" that bends back on itself.
Richard Trevithick had already used a return flue with his first 1802 Pen-y-darren engine and 1803 Coalbrookdale locomotive design. These boilers were heavily built of cast iron, short and flat-ended. His 1805 "Newcastle" locomotive (actually built in Gateshead) began to show one characteristic feature of the return-flued boiler, a prominent dome shape to resist steam pressure in the solid end opposite both furnace and chimney. In this case, the boilermaking, now of wrought iron plates, must have been complicated by Trevithick's single long-travel horizontal cylinder (9 inch diameter × 36 inch stroke) which emerged through this domed end. This did make work easier for the fireman though, as he was no longer trying to reach a firedoor beneath the long crosshead of the piston.
William Hedley used this pattern of boiler for his 1813 locomotives Puffing Billy and Wylam Dilly. Through the Wylam colliery and its owner Christopher Blackett, Hedley would have been familiar with Trevithick's engine.
Timothy Hackworth's 0-6-0 "Royal George" of 1827 also used a return-flued boiler, although it is best known for its pioneering use of a deliberate blastpipe to encourage draught on the fire. His lighter weight 0-4-0 version for the Rainhill Trials, "Sans Pareil" was very similar. Even though they appeared antiquated as soon as the Trials were over, the Canadian "Samson" of this pattern was built in 1838 and still in service in 1883.
Huber boilers.
The last return-flue boilers constructed (other than some stationary boilers) are often considered to be those built by the Huber Co. of Marion, Ohio for their "New Huber" traction engines, from 1885 to 1903.
These were not, however, return-"flue" boilers in the sense used here, but rather "return-tube" boilers. They had a single large cylindrical furnace tube, a combustion chamber external to the boiler's pressure shell, then "multiple, narrow" fire-tubes returning to a horseshoe-shaped smokebox above and around the firedoor. The proximity of this smokebox to the fireman led to their nickname of "belly burners". Their design thus has more in common with the horizontal launch-type boilers (as used by Sir Arthur Heywood) or the Scotch marine boiler than they do with the simple single-flue boiler.
By this time, the locomotive boiler had become ubiquitous for traction engines. Compared to this, the advantage of the Huber boiler was that the firetubes could be replaced more easily, without needing to work from within an enclosed firebox.
Cornish boiler.
The simplest form of flued boiler was Richard Trevithick's "high-pressure" Cornish boiler, first installed at Dolcoath mine in 1812. This is a long horizontal cylinder with a single large flue containing the fire. As the furnace relied on natural draught, a tall chimney was required at the far end of the flue to encourage a good supply of air (oxygen) to the fire.
For efficiency, Trevithick's innovation was to encase beneath the boiler with a brick-built chamber. Exhaust gases passed through the central flue and then routed outside and around the iron boiler shell. To keep the chimney clear of the firing space, the brick flue passed first underneath the centre of the boiler to the front face, then back again along the sides and to the chimney.
Cornish boilers had several advantages over the preceding wagon boilers: they were composed of mostly curved surfaces, better to resist the pressure. Their flat ends were smaller than the flat sides of the wagon boiler and were stayed by the central furnace flue, and sometimes by additional long rod stays. A less obvious advantage was that of boiler scale. Wagon or haystack boilers were heated from beneath and any scale or impurities that formed a sediment settled upon this plate, insulating it from the water. This reduced heating efficiency and could "in extremis" lead to local overheating and failure of the boiler plates. In the flued boiler, any sediment fell past the furnace flue and settled out at the bottom of the boiler shell, where it had less effect.
In model engineering, the Cornish boiler, particularly when fitted with Galloway tubes ("see Lancashire Boiler, below"), is an excellent choice for gas-fired boilers and model steam boats. It is simple to build and as efficient as any small-scale boiler.
Butterley boiler.
The Butterley or "whistle mouth" boiler is a little-known design derived from the Cornish pattern, produced by the noted Butterley boilerworks of Derbyshire. It is basically a Cornish boiler with the lower half of the shell around the furnace removed, so as to permit a large fire to be lit. This made it popular in the textile mills of the Pennines, where the hard Northern coal was of less calorific value than the Welsh coal used in the South West and required a larger fire. Alternatively it may be considered as a shortened Cornish boiler with a waggon boiler placed in front of it with a larger fire beneath that. It suffers the same drawback as the wagon boiler: the concave firebox plate is mechanically weak and this either limits the working pressure or requires extra mechanical staying.
Lancashire boiler.
The Lancashire boiler is similar to the Cornish, but has two large flues containing the fires instead of one. It is generally considered to be the invention of William Fairbairn in 1844, although his patent was for the method of firing the furnaces alternately, so as to reduce smoke, rather than the boiler itself. Stephenson's early 0-4-0 locomotive ""Lancashire Witch"" had already demonstrated the use of twin furnace tubes within a boiler 15 years earlier.
Fairbairn had made a theoretical study of the thermodynamics of more efficient boilers, and it was this that had led him to increase the furnace grate area relative to the volume of water. A particular reason for this was the so-far poor adoption of the Cornish boiler in the cotton mills of Lancashire, where the harder local coal couldn't be burned satisfactorily in the smaller furnace, in favour of the older low-pressure wagon boiler and its large grate.
The difficulties of the Cornish boiler were that a boiler of any particular power would require a known area of furnace tube as the heating area. Longer tubes required a longer and more expensive boiler shell. They also reduced the ratio of grate area relative to the heating area, making it difficult to maintain an adequate fire. Increasing the tube diameter reduced the depth of water covering the furnace tube and so increased the need for accurate control of water level by the fireman, or else the risk of boiler explosion. Fairbairn's studies of hoop stress in cylinders also showed that smaller tubes were stronger than larger tubes. His solution was simple: to replace one large furnace tube with two smaller ones.
The patent showed another advantage of twin furnaces. By firing them alternately and closing the firebox door between firings, it was also possible to arrange a supply of air past the furnace (in the case of a Lancashire boiler, through the ashpan beneath the grate) which would encourage the flue gases produced by the fire to burn more completely and cleanly, thus reducing smoke and pollution. A key factor in this was the distinctive shuttered rotating air damper in the door, which became a feature from the 1840s.
The use of two flues also has a strengthening effect, acting as two long rod stays that support the end plates.
Later developments added Galloway tubes (after their inventor, patented in either 1848 or 1851) crosswise water tubes across the flue, thus increasing the heated surface area. As these are short tubes of large diameter and the boiler continues to use a relatively low pressure, this is still not considered to be a water-tube boiler. The tubes are tapered, simply to make their installation through the flue easier.
Lancashire boilers often show corrugated flues, which absorb thermal expansion without straining the riveted seams. Another development was the "kidney flue" or Galloway boiler, where the two furnaces join together into a single flue, kidney-shaped in cross-section. This widened and flat-topped flue was stayed by the use of Galloway tubes.
Although the Lancashire boiler is considered to be an antiquated design, provided that the flue is long enough it can be reasonably efficient. This does lead to a bulky boiler though, particularly for its length, and this has always limited its use to stationary installations. It was the standard boiler in Greater Manchester and Lancashire cotton mills.
Fairbairn's five-tube boiler.
William Fairbairn's work on the Lancashire boiler had demonstrated the efficiency virtues of multiple furnaces relative to a reduced water volume. It was also widely understood that higher steam pressures improved the efficiency of engines. Fairbairn's research on the strength of cylinders led him to design another improved boiler, based around far-smaller tube diameters, which would thus be able to operate at higher pressures, typically . This was the "five tube" boiler, whose five tubes were arranged in two nested pairs as water drum and furnace, with the remaining tube mounted above them as a separate steam drum. The water volume was extremely low compared to previous boiler designs, as the furnace tubes almost filled each of the water drums.
The boiler was successful according to its goals and provided two large furnaces in a small water capacity. The separate steam drum also aided the production of "dry" steam, without the carryover of water and risk of priming. However it was also complex to manufacture, and did not offer a great deal of heating area for the work involved. It was soon superseded by multi-tube boilers such as the locomotive and the Scotch boilers.

</doc>
<doc id="20391555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391555" title="Alice Svensson">
Alice Svensson

Alice Cecilia Linh Svensson (born July 11, 1991, Hanoi, Vietnam) is a Swedish singer and Idol 2008 runner-up. Svensson was adopted from Vietnam, and moved to Sweden with her family when she was 10 months old, and she has since resided in Hedesunda.
Beginnings.
Alice was a member of the pop group Popcorn, releasing a record with them at the age of 13. She has participated in a number of talent shows like "Super Troupers" in 2004, talent show "Joker 2006" where Svensson became first-runner up, in "Talang" show in 2007, and the TV4 children's show "Lattjo lajban" with live performance in all. She won the talent show "Popkorn 2007".
Idol 2008.
Finally, Svensson took part in the Swedish Idol series, "Idol 2008". 
She sang the following songs:
On November 14, 2008, the Swedish media reported that her rendition of "Heaven's on Fire" had been posted on the hard rock band Kiss' official homepage by members of the group who liked it. She finished first runner-up to winner Kevin Borg.
After "Idol".
In May 2009, she signed a recording contract and released her debut solo single "Lady Luck". In 2009, she also collaborated with the Swedish singer Jonathan Fagerlund in the latter's second album "Welcome to My World" where she was featured in Fagerlund's song "Save Our Yesterdays".

</doc>
<doc id="20391585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391585" title="Reinhard Eiben">
Reinhard Eiben

Reinhard Eiben (born 4 December 1951 in Crossen, Zwickau) is a former East German slalom canoeist who competed in the 1970s.
He won a gold medal in the C-1 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Eiben also won two golds (C-1: 1973; C-1 team: 1977) and two silvers (C-1 team: 1973, 1975) at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20391614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391614" title="Linda Douglass">
Linda Douglass

Linda Douglass was director of communications for the White House Office of Health Reform in the Obama Administration (May 2009–April 2010). Since June 2010, she has been vice president, head of corporate and strategic communications at Atlantic Media.
Douglass was first associated with Barack Obama as a senior strategist and spokeswoman of his presidential campaign. She joined his campaign on May 21, 2008. Following Obama’s victory in the November 2008 presidential elections, Douglass was appointed spokeswoman of the presidential inauguration committee.
Douglass is a former journalist with ABC News and CBS News, 
and began her journalism career in 1973 with KCBS-TV, the Los Angeles affiliate of CBS.
Education.
Douglass holds a Bacheor of Arts degree in psychology from the University of Southern California. Douglass is one of the first women to have attended college in her family.
Family.
Douglass is married to the United States ambassador to Italy, John R. Phillips.

</doc>
<doc id="20391621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391621" title="Reinhold Kauder">
Reinhold Kauder

Reinhold Kauder (born January 30, 1950 in Bückeburg) is a West German slalom canoer who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s. At the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, he won a silver medal in the C-1 event. 
Kauder also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with two golds (C-1: 1971, C-1 team: 1969) and two silvers (C-1: 1969, C-1 team: 1971).

</doc>
<doc id="20391623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391623" title="Leather Launderette">
Leather Launderette

Leather Launderette is the sixteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, recorded together with fellow musician Rod Clements. The album was released in March 1989. Reportedly Jansch suffered from health problems during the recording, but in 1987, after being rushed to hospital, he decided to quit drinking alcohol. Colin Harper states in his Bert Jansch biography "Dazzling Stranger", that "There can be no doubt that Bert's creativity, reliability, energy, commitment and quality of performance were all rescued dramatically by the decision to quit boozing".
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Bert Jansch; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20391624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391624" title="Thomas Dawson">
Thomas Dawson

Thomas Dawson may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20391627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391627" title="Joanne Latham">
Joanne Latham

Joanne Kandy Latham (born in Wolverhampton) is a former English glamour model. Her statistics were quoted as 36-23-36.
After studying classical ballet for nine years she took a scholarship to the Royal Ballet School. A dancing competition led to a request for her to model for Miss Selfridge. This consequently drew her into the world of modeling and television commercials where she became an instant success. She appeared on Page 3 of the Sun newspaper and in the Daily Mirror and built a huge following as a glamour model. In 1978 Central Television made a documentary about her called 'A Model's Dream' in the series 'England, Their England'. After a shoot with leading glamour photographer Patrick Lichfield, he was so impressed with her that he included her photo on the inside front cover of his book "The Most Beautiful Women", a collection of his photographs. 
In 1979 the two major Men's magazines, Playboy and Penthouse, fought a very publicized battle over her for the first nude pictures. Latham signed a contract with Penthouse which promised a fee of £70,000 for her to appear in the 10th Anniversary edition. Latham adorned nineteen pages of the magazine. That edition made U.S. history selling more in Dollar percentage than any other magazine to date and making a profit of $18 million. Latham's contract was terminated with Penthouse Magazine when she fell in love with the boss's son. She moved from New York to Los Angeles and became the girlfriend of Hugh Hefner living in the Playboy Mansion. In the early Eighties Latham returned to England to her Midland home in the village of Tettenhall.
Latham featured on the cover of "Death Penalty", the debut album by NWOBHM band Witchfinder General. It was released in 1982 on Heavy Metal Records. She also featured on the cover of "Friends of Hell", their second album released in 1983. 
In 1982 Latham was involved in a serious car accident after which she gave up modeling to open the first 'workout' keep fit studio in the UK. Her daughter, Elizablue Nairi was born in Southern Spain in June 1985.
Latham was allegedly admired and courted by a member of the Royal Family and was a close acquaintance of a President of the United States. She was also romantically linked with Frank Sinatra, Tony Curtis, Vitas Gerulaitis, Ryan O'Neal and George Peppard. .
In later years she studied drama at the Birmingham Repertory Theatre working under a director of the Royal Shakespeare Company and went on to play the lead role in a government funded film for the Arts.
In 1999 Latham became a teacher of Yoga training at the Sivananda Yoga Vendanta Centre in Nassau in the Bahamas. Since then she has continued working in the healing arts. Despite several offers she has refused to write her biography. She has set up her own charity with her daughter 'Blue' who is also a teacher of Yoga and is studying to be a Doctor of Ayurvedic medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="20391632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391632" title="Rudolph Charles">
Rudolph Charles

Rudolph Charles (1 October 1938 – 29 March 1985) was a musician and instrument maker of the Steelpan. But most notably, he was a pioneer and leader of the steelband movement in Trinidad and Tobago.
Charles was born as fourth of nine children and grew up in Laventille, a ward of Trinidad, near the capital Port of Spain. He was the Bandleader and Tuner of the Desperadoes Steel Orchestra from 1961 until his death at age 46 in 1985. Charles invented several instruments for the steelband, including the "Nine Bass", the "Rocket Pans" or the "Twelve Bass". He also invited other pantuners to collaborate with him, like Bertie Marshall.
Rudolph Charles engaged himself strongly in the steelband movement. The boycott of the national Panorama in 1979 was a result of Charles' fight for higher recognition of pannists.

</doc>
<doc id="20391663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391663" title="The Moniker">
The Moniker

Daniel Karlsson (born 31 August 1981, Norrahammar, Jönköping, Sweden) is a Swedish singer and songwriter. He later on took the name The Moniker as his stage name.
As Daniel Karlsson.
Karlsson participated in Idol 2007. He finished in fourth place behind winner Marie Picasso, runner-up Amanda Jenssen and third-placed Andreas Sjöberg. His interpretation of John Farnham's "You're the Voice" was included in the album "Det bästa från Idol 2007" (The Best from Idol 2007).
In October 2008 Karlsson released his first single "Would You Believe". recorded a music video for the song.
As The Moniker.
In March 2011, under the name The Moniker, he took part in he Melodifestivalen 2011 with his a song he had composed entitled "Oh My God!" and coming third behind winner Eric Saade with "Popular" and runner-up Danny Saucedo with "In the Club".
He again took part in Melodifestivalen in 2012 with the song "I Wanna Be Chris Isaak (This Is Just the Beginning)." After the first round of voting it was revealed that he came last, failing to advance further in the competition.
In popular culture.
Daniel Karlsson took part, alongside Karl Martindahl and Robin Bengtsson in the charity single "Wake Up World", the official release for "Hjälp Haiti".

</doc>
<doc id="20391688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391688" title="James McEwan">
James McEwan

James Patrick "Jamie" McEwan (born September 24, 1952 in Olney, Maryland) is an American slalom canoist who competed in the 1970s and then again in the 1980s and early 1990s. He teamed up with his son Devin to compete in the 2000s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the C-1 event at Munich in 1972.
McEwan began kayaking at his family's Valley Mill Camp. He earned a degree in literature from Yale University in 1975. He is married to noted children's author and illustrator, Sandra Boynton, a Yale graduate, class of 1974.
With his partner, Lecky Haller, McEwan won a silver medal in the C-2 slalom at the 1987 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Bourg St.-Maurice. He and Haller placed fourth in the 1992 Summer Olympics. They have also won the overall World Cup title in the C-2 category in the inaugural season of this competition in 1988.
In 1998, McEwan and his brother Tom were members of an expedition to run the Tsangpo Gorge, considered the "Mount Everest" of rivers. The expedition encountered unanticipated high water and ended in tragedy when teammate Doug Gordon failed to boof a waterfall, missed his roll, and lost his life.
McEwan has written many children's books. In 2009 he was diagnosed with Multiple Myeloma after suffering back problems.

</doc>
<doc id="20391720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391720" title="Sketches (album)">
Sketches (album)

Sketches is the seventeenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released virtually simultaneously with another album, "The Ornament Tree".
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Bert Jansch; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20391729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391729" title="Albaston">
Albaston

Albaston () is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is located at Ordnance Survey .
Albaston is about 1 mile (2 kilometres) from the centre of Gunnislake and half-a-mile (0.7 kilometres) from Gunnislake railway station, the terminus of the Tamar Valley Line from Plymouth.
History.
Historically, Albaston was closely connected with the nearby mine at Drakewalls. The success of the Drakewalls mine in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century led to the growth of the village of Albaston, including the construction of a Methodist chapel and several shops, dwellings and businesses. A brewery, Edward Bowhay & Brothers, was established by 1877; this brewery had ceased operation by 1930.
Facilities.
The village has a Methodist church, known as Tamar Valley Methodist Church. The current building was opened in 2001. 
The Old Post Office House is now let as a holiday home accommodating nine people. 
Notable residents.
Christian Pentecostal leader Thomas Ball Barratt was born in Albaston in 1862, the son of a mining engineer. He moved to Norway when his father began working for a mine there and in later life became the founder of the Norwegian Pentecostal movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20391745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391745" title="Bob Parr (producer)">
Bob Parr (producer)

Robert Michael "Bob" Parr (born 25 June 1957) is an English-born New Zealander, television personality, private security contractor, counter-terrorism expert and former UK Special Forces operator best known for his role as Team Leader and Executive Producer of "Shadow Force" on the History Channel. Bob has also won six Emmy Awards for his work with The Amazing Race, and was twice honored at a national level for gallantry and outstanding service with special forces.
Biography.
Born in London, England, Bob started his career in the British Armed Forces as a Royal Marine. Having completed more than six years Commando service, he volunteered for UK Special Forces where he spent a further 18 years before retiring in late 1999. During his Special Forces career he served primarily with the Special Air Service (SAS) Regiment, but was also seconded to a number of Defense Intelligence units and National Intelligence Agencies where he served with distinction. He was twice honoured at a national level, receiving a Mention in Despatches (MID) for gallantry on operations and being appointed to the Order of the British Empire (MBE) by Her Majesty the Queen for outstanding service during his long career with Special Forces.
On retirement from UK Special Forces, Bob embarked on a second career in the commercial security industry. Initially heading up a bold fisheries protection operation working from northern Somalia - an initiative that dealt effectively with piracy around the Horn of Africa for more than a year - he quickly became the Operations Manager of Hart Security Limited overseeing dynamic security contracts around the world. On leaving Hart, his career took an unexpected turn when he was contracted to CBS' The Amazing Race as a security consultant. This in turn led to a long engagement by CBS as a Senior Producer, netting him six Primetime Emmy Awards. He appeared as host for The History Channel's hit show Shadow Force, for which he was also an Executive Producer and co-owner, and has also produced a number of original programming television documentaries.
Founder, Director and co-owner of leading Risk Management company SO3 Projects, Bob has overseen security for numerous television productions around the world and has provided consultancy services to a wide variety of additional clients including a period as Global Security Manager at Pride International (now Ensco plc). one of the world's largest offshore oil drilling corporations. He is also the owner of SO3 Media, a New Zealand based production company. He became a New Zealand citizen in 2008, holds joint citizenship with the UK, and has received a US Resident Green Card awarded for "Outstanding Talent in the Arts". Bob holds a Master's Degree in Security and Risk Management from the University of Leicester, awarded with Distinction. An accomplished singlehanded Ocean Yachtmaster and author, he works as a television Producer and Risk Management consultant from his self-built sailing yacht and splits his remaining time between ocean cruising, writing, and his permanent home in New Zealand's magnificent South Island. 
Bob has been elected a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society and a Member of the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. He is also a subscribing member of the Royal Institute of International Affairs (Chatham House) and the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI).

</doc>
<doc id="20391748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391748" title="HMVS Victoria (1884)">
HMVS Victoria (1884)

HMVS "Victoria" was a gunboat that served with the Victorian Naval Forces and Western Australia before being sold into private use.
Design.
This class was built to a type D flat-iron gunboat design from builders Armstrong Mitchell and Co.
Operational history.
In late February 1884, "Victoria" was in Malta on her delivery voyage to Australia with the gunboat "Albert" and the torpedo boat "Childers" when news of General Charles Gordon's death at Khartoum reached the British Empire. The three ships were immediately offered for service in the Sudan Campaign. The offer was accepted and the smaller less seaworthy "Childers" was sent ahead. By the time the two larger gunboats reached their destination on 19 March at Suakin, the conflict had moved too far inland for warships to be of any assistance. The vessels all departed three days later to continue their voyage to the colony. They arrived in Melbourne on 26 June after travelling via Aden, Colombo, the Dutch East Indies and Torres Strait.
Due to the depression of the 1890s "Victoria" was decommissioned in 1893 and sold. She was subsequently purchased by the West Australian government in 1896. She was purchased in 1902 by the Sydney based tug company Fenwicks, who used her as a towing vessel. She was scrapped in 1920 after 18 years of service on Sydney Harbour.

</doc>
<doc id="20391799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391799" title="LT&amp;SR 37 Class">
LT&amp;SR 37 Class

The LTSR 37 class was a class of 4-4-2T suburban tank engines built for the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway in 1897–98. They were designed by Thomas Whitelegg as a development of the earlier LT&SR 1 Class.
History.
Six locomotives were built by Sharp, Stewart and Company in 1897, with a further six being built by Dübs and Company the following year. The LTSR numbered the locomotives 37–48 and named them after places in Essex, near the LTSR route. After the LTSR was absorbed by the Midland Railway in 1912, they were renumbered 2146–2157 and their names were removed. The Midland gave them the power classification 3P. All passed to the London, Midland and Scottish Railway in 1923 on grouping, and initially carried their MR number in LMS service. However, in 1930 they were renumbered 2135–2146, and in 1947 were to be again renumbered 1953–1964, however none had been by nationalisation, and so they were renumbered by British Railways directly to 41953–41964. They were withdrawn between 1951–1952, and none survived into preservation. 
Four more locomotives of a similar class, the LT&SR 79 Class, were built in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20391828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391828" title="Festival of Northern Lights">
Festival of Northern Lights

The Festival of Northern Lights is a large award winning display of Christmas lights in Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada. The celebration runs from mid November into January and it attracts 20,000 people each year. 
The Festival is a brainchild of Marie Walpole in 1987 and is considered as one of the extensive and outstanding winter light shows in Canada. 
Approximately 25 kilometers of light strings and 400 lighted designs are displayed over city streets and parks. It has been named one of the top 100 festivals in Ontario for 2009 by Festivals and Events Ontario, an industry organization.
In its 21st year in 2008 it was gradually converted to LED lights from traditional incandescent lights out of respect for the environment. This effort aimed to reduce operating costs allowing the festival operators to expand the magnitude of the festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20391871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391871" title="Hilary Kay">
Hilary Kay

Hilary Marion Kay (born 16 December 1956) is a British antiques expert, author and lecturer, probably best known for her many appearances on BBC TVs "Antiques Roadshow" programme on which she is one of the team of experts.
Kay's first job was working for fine art and antique dealers Spink & Son in St. James's. In 1977, Kay accepted an offer to join Sotheby's Collectors’ Department. Later that year Kay became head of that department and, aged 21, became the company's youngest ever auctioneer. A rock and roll fan, in 1981 Kay held the world's first rock and roll memorabilia auction, handled the sale of Elton John's collection in 1988 and in 1992 wrote "Rock ’n’ Roll Collectables: An Illustrated History of Rock Memorabilia," the first text book on the subject.
As well as working on television as an expert on "Antiques Roadshow" from 1978 onwards, Kay presented a landmark series for BBC One, "Brilliantly British," which explored the lives of Thomas Chippendale, Josiah Wedgwood and William Morris. Kay has written or contributed to a number of books on the subject of antiques and collectables and has appeared in numerous television and radio programmes.
Kay is a fan of mechanical antiques, having been born into a family of engineers. She is also a car enthusiast; one of her early influences was the James Bond film "Goldfinger," where she loved the Aston Martin DB5. In 2009, for a special episode of BBC TV's "Priceless Antiques Roadshow", Kay was behind the wheel of the Aston Martin DB5 driven by Daniel Craig in "Casino Royale"
Kay, by then a Senior Director, left Sotheby's in 1999. She now runs Art & Antique Events, a corporate entertainment company which provides antiques-based events and entertainments to corporate and private clients. She created and produces a stage show with fellow "Antiques Roadshow" expert Paul Atterbury called 'Have You Had it Long Madam?' (Tales from the Roadshow), which has toured the UK, Australia and New Zealand.
On 27 December 2010 Kay won an edition of BBC One's "Celebrity Mastermind", having chosen 'The Life and Works of Josiah Wedgwood' as her specialist subject.

</doc>
<doc id="20391875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391875" title="High (tectonics)">
High (tectonics)

A high is in structural geology and tectonics an area where tectonic uplift has taken place relative to its surroundings. Highs are often bounded by normal faults and can be regarded as the opposites of basins. A related word is a massif, an area where relative old rocks layers are found at the surface. A small high can be called a horst.
Because of the relative uplift the accommodation space for sediments was relatively small and a high will have thinner sedimentary layers deposited on it compared to the surrounding basins. Therefore, highs are not good places to study stratigraphic sequences as the sequence may be less detailed or even absent.

</doc>
<doc id="20391902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391902" title="The Ornament Tree">
The Ornament Tree

The Ornament Tree is the eighteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released virtually simultaneously with another album, "Sketches".
Track listing.
All songs Traditional unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20391919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391919" title="Secrets on Parade">
Secrets on Parade

Secrets on Parade is the debut solo album by Danish singer-songwriter Tim Christensen, released on 5 October 2000 on CD and vinyl. It is considered the transitional work between the music he made with Dizzy Mizz Lizzy and his solo music. Before its release, Christensen described the album as: "a rock album with material that is more timeless rather than time-typical was the case with Dizzy Mizz Lizzy with room for solid rock, a glittery edge, and some ballads."
Background.
Christensen went through a difficult time in 1998–99, dealing with the break-ups with Dizzy Mizz Lizzy and with singer Pernille Rosendahl, with whom he had been in a relationship since 1995. He used songwriting as a form of therapy to overcome this, putting his feelings and thoughts to words as one normally would do in a diary, but in stead of lying hidden in a drawer somewhere, his secrets are literally on display. Since his songwriting was derived from these personal experiences, the lyrics are rather direct. Christensen says, "I simply think it was written in a simple and straightforward way, almost bordering to banal."
The songs are rather ambiguous as to whether they refer to Dizzy Mizz Lizzy or Pernille Rosendahl. However, the song "King's Garden", after a literal translation of Kongens Have, is known to refer to both as coincidentally both break-ups happened there and he admits to avoid going near the place. "Secrets on Parade", "Prime Time" and "Caterpillar" had already been written for a third album by Dizzy Mizz Lizzy, and are not related to these troubles.
The album was "decidedly a solo record" but the process was also markedly different, explained by Christensen as follows: "This was the first time I was without sparring partners, and I would definitely have bounced some things off of them. At the same time, I went into the studio without completed arrangements, unlike with Dizzy Mizz Lizzy where everything was pre-arranged and there was simply not a single strophe that we did not know of how they should be played." This also meant more time was spent in the studio, in total nearly four months.
Reception.
The album was successful in Denmark, 
selling nearly 60,000 copies and securing a solo career for Christensen. Allegedly, Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark is among the fans.
The singles "Get the Fuck Out of My Mind" and "Love Is a Matter of..." became hits. The latter would be covered by Will Young on for "Friday's Child" (2003) as "Love Is a Matter of Distance", and this version has appeared on several karaoke albums. The song "21st Century High" appeared on the soundtrack of the 2000 Danish movie Flickering Lights.
Aside from Christensen himself finding solace in his music, the album has had a profound effect on others dealing with grief as well. Christensen says, "There are really many who have responded to Secrets On Parade that it was almost therapeutic for them." He thinks this is because the lyrics cover the topics so explicitly: "When someone finds himself in a depressed state, I think that very direct words penetrate through much easier. One needs something that reaches out. It simply makes it easier to console oneself with."
Track listing.
All lyrics by Tim Christensen and Marcus Winther-John, except where noted. 

</doc>
<doc id="20391922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391922" title="Honeyburst">
Honeyburst

Honeyburst is the second studio album by Danish singer-songwriter Tim Christensen, released on 1 September 2003 on CD and vinyl.
Overview.
Christensen explains about the album: "It goes in a different direction from the previous albums. The music has gotten quieter as I get older and more mature. Occasionally songs will explode, but overall "Honeyburst" is more folkish, and has a little twinge of country." It contains quite a few ballads, about which Tim says, "they are far from trendy, and I don't mean that in a negative way. They are more classic and timeless and could just as well have been written 30 years ago, and will certainly also be written again 20 years from now."
Reception.
"Honeyburst" was well received in Denmark, being the best selling album in the Danish Charts for two weeks, and selling over 130,000 copies in total. For the album, Christensen received three ZULU Awards and three Danish Music Awards for Danish album, singer and producer of the year, respectively.
Overview.
All instruments were played by Christensen, except for some drums by Olaf Olsen or Laust Sonne and several bass tracks by Nicolai Munch-Hansen. Nina Forsberg sang backing vocals for "Right Next To the Right One".
The cover was designed by Christensen and his father, Dan Christensen. It was based on a collage Dan Christensen made in 1966, before he went to art school, and was intended for a 1968 fashion show in Copenhagen, for which it was never used. He used faces of models from the fashion magazines that belonged to his then-girlfriend, who was a fashion designer. Christensen remembers it well from his childhood, when the collage hung in his father's bedroom. His father gave the collage to Christensen as a gift on 25 July 2012.
Songs.
The song "Right Next To the Right One" was used as the title song for the Emmy Award winning DR1 drama series "Nikolaj og Julie" that was aired in 2002-2003. It became a national hit in 2002, a year ahead of "Honeyburst"'s release. Christensen explains the match was made quickly: "The producer of the show called me, he said they liked what I was doing and wanted to know if I had a song they could use. At the time we had made demos one of which was "Right Next To the Right One". He told me what the series were about, and I said, 'I believe I have a good bid.' I think it fits well with the series, but it's important for me to tell that it is not their song; it wasn't taken from the series and used on my record, but it was taken from the record and used in the series." It was later also covered by several artists. Maggie Chiang covered it in 2004 as "Ni Bu Gong Ping" (Chinese for "Unfair to you") for her album "Beautiful But Lonely" (2004). In 2007, Celine Dion recorded it for her album "Taking Chances", for which Christensen provided all instrument tracks. It has not been released as a single, but has entered the Danish Singles Chart on 23 November 2007 at number 13, due to strong digital downloads. An Italian version titled "Giorni d'Estate" ("Summer days") was recorded for Dolcenera's fourth album, "Dolcenera nel paese delle meraviglie" ("Dolcenera in Wonderland"). Although this was a lucrative deal for Christensen, it also gave people the impression that he made soft music. Christensen has also received many invites to play this song at weddings, which Christensen finds ironic because the line he started from was: "A pretty face can take you places you don't want to go."
The second single, "Whispering at the Top of my Lungs", received heavy airplay on DR P3 in the summer of 2003. About the genesis of this song, Christensen explains that this was originally written as a heavy song, but it didn't really work. This version is frequently played as the shorter song "Screaming At the Top of My Lungs". The song was then recorded as a quiet ballad, but this too did not feel right. The final result was a bit of both, where quiet verses are dynamically alternated with strong choruses with full band. Live, Christensen plays this song entirely on electric guitar, but he uses an L.R. Baggs X-Bridge that allows him to make his guitar sound like an acoustic guitar.
The third single, "Jump the Gun", is the only song on the album that has no Mellotron on it. It is an older song that Christensen could not fit in anywhere before. "Lay Down Your Arms" is about not living for your own sake. It is written in a tradition taking after Christensen's great example The Beatles, especially the style of Paul McCartney, in such a straight way that it is nearly a nursery rhyme. "Isolation Here I Come" is about Christensen's tendency to flee when things get piles up. The isolation in this song is something negative, describing a state of being unable to deal with reality, even though it doesn't have to be so." "No Easy Key" is one of Christensen's favorites, in which he feels he stepped over his own limits as a songwriter. The lyrics "hint to the whole Popstars thing, or rather the people behind it." "Close the Door" contains guitar parties akin to those of George Harrison. The lyrics to "Don't Leave Me but Leave Me Alone" describe "the somewhat unnecessary distance I involuntarily experience with some of my audience. It is almost like the more established artist, the greater the distance. I notice that people are looking at me, but don't dare to come over, and this has gotten worse." "How Far You Go" is the only hidden track ever to appear on an album by Dizzy Mizz Lizzy or Tim Christensen because it was not added out of Christensen's free will: "It was a demo I had made, but I did not want to put it on the record because it was a little too heavy on the sentimental side, but the record company had not forgotten about it." It has a Don McLean like feel to it.
Track listing.
All lyrics by Tim Christensen, except where noted. 

</doc>
<doc id="20391924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391924" title="Superior (album)">
Superior (album)

Superior is the third studio album by Danish singer-songwriter Tim Christensen, released on 24 November 2008 on CD, limited edition Digipak CD/DVD which includes a 30-minute making-of, and a double vinyl box set which also includes the CD and DVD, as well as an outsize poster.
Overview.
"Superior" was the first album to be released on Mermaid Records after Sony Music Entertainment Denmark became the label's main shareholder. To date, it is the only studio album in Christensen's musical career without a separate Japanese bonus release.
The title song "Superior" has Christensen opening up about himself. According to the press release, "The song Superior pins Christensen down on a more personal level: what kind of thoughts are running through his mind? What concerns him? In the revealing lyrics, the popular songwriter stands naked. He’s brutally honest and vulnerable. (...) The song is all about refusing to let yourself be controlled by what people expect of you, but rather trusting your own gut feeling and believing that you’re good enough the way you are. Be it in your career or in love." It also refers to having to deal with the expectations people had of him since his previous album: "uring work on Superior, he’s felt the huge success of Honeyburst as a burden pressing down on his shoulders."
"Wonder of Wonders" is the first song Christensen has written on piano. "India" was written in his sleep; he woke up, recorded a basic version, and was back to sleep in under 20 minutes. The riff of "Follow My Lead" is played on a baritone guitar, which according to Christensen is "probably the most unsexy guitar there is, but it sounds great." "Song for Shelly" was written for his former girlfriend, Michelle Djarling.
A song named "Sooner or Later" did not make it onto the album, but was included on the Japanese edition, to be released on 26 September 2012. On 9 November 2011, Christensen recorded this song as part of his "low key late night sessions".
Reception.
It received mixed reviews, but to keep the audience from thinking it largely got bad reviews, Mermaid Records decided to cite all reviews, good "and" bad. This was even taken further by using some of these phrases on T-shirts, such as "ugens flødebolle" ("this week's cream puff). It was voted the Melodic.net best album of 2008. It took until 7 December 2009 before it was released in the Netherlands on PIAS Recordings.
Four songs off the album were released as a single: "Superior" (2008), "Hard To Make You Mine" (2009), "India" (2009), and "Tell Me What You Really Want" (2009). The latter video was made by Paul "Yellow1" Wilson, who also did the cover art for this album.

</doc>
<doc id="20391950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391950" title="August 1 Declaration">
August 1 Declaration

August 1 Declaration () is a declaration made by the Chinese Communist Party. On August 1, 1935 during the Long March, the Chinese Communist Party Central Committee made public the “Message to all Compatriots on Resistance against Japanese and National Salvation”, – a well-publicized declaration calling upon the nation to organize a National United Front for resistance against Japan. 
The declaration called upon the Chinese Nationalist Party to end the Chinese Civil War and to unite the “people” in resisting the Japanese invasion. It was one of the first steps to reorganize the Second United Front, which was not declared until 1937, when the Xi'an Incident and the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War forced the Nationalists to work together with the Communist Party.
It also put forth the proposition that the people throughout the country, irrespective of whichever class or party, should unite and organize a “National Defense Government” and “Anti-Japanese Allied Forces for National Salvation”.

</doc>
<doc id="20391957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391957" title="Working class education">
Working class education

Working class education is the education of working-class people.
History.
Prior to the 19th century, education for most members of society was elementary and only an elite received advanced education. This was intended to provide members of each social class with an education befitting their expected future status - toil or leadership.
Children of the working class have a different educational experience than children of the middle and upper classes. Because of this, working class children can start out life at a disadvantage. Their educational experience may be hindered for several reasons, including influences from their parents, the schools they attend, and their expectations and attitudes, all of which are strongly affected by previous generations.
Schools.
The schools in the lower income districts are characterized by overcrowding and lack of resources. This is because the funding of American public schools comes mostly from their district’s property taxes. Residential Segregation occurs when people segregate themselves based on class and race. This leaves schools in the low income school districts with little because those who are capable of paying higher property taxes move to districts where there are higher taxes and schools are receiving more. For example, in New York, where efforts are being made to level the playing field, students in the wealthiest school districts are given almost twice as much as students in the poorest district, an annual amount of $13,974 compared to $7,457. When schools lack funding, programs such as special education classes and extracurricular activities are cut back. This causes some working class children to not get the attention and help they require. When schools and teachers are not receiving the goods required to fulfill their duty, students cannot be expected to display the motivation to learn in a flawed system.
Parental Influences.
The way parents act in the home and raise their children has a large effect on how children will interact in social institutions. Many social scientists claim that middle class parents practice concerted cultivation, meaning a child’s life is filled with organized activities and social interactions with adults. Due to the extent of their interactions outside of the home, the children of concerted cultivation develop a greater mastery of language and are instilled with a sense of entitlement, both of which allows them to become more comfortable when interacting with institutions. On the other hand, many working class parents practice the accomplishment of natural growth, where children have more control over their free time and are exposed to fewer interactions with adults that are outside of the home. These children are usually left to occupy themselves with activities such as watching TV, playing video games, or playing outside. Working-class parents put less emphasis on planned activities, than their middle class counterparts, because they are less likely to have the funds to pay for them.
The problem that comes with these differences in parenting practices is that schools, along with other institutions, are more harmonious with concerted cultivation, the parenting practice of the middle class. Teachers want parents and children to engage and be proactive, but parents and children of the working class feel a sense of constraint that leaves them confused on how to “work the system” and often causes them to become hostile towards schooling. Because working class parents are often uncomfortable around authority figures, they are less likely to communicate with their child’s teacher or become involved in the school. As a result of this, low income school districts have lower involvement in parent teacher conferences. This could also be attributed to the fact that working class parents often have to hold down more than one job and do not have very much time to help their children with homework or attend school functions. As a consequence, working-class children mature in narrow social settings, receive fewer resources, and feel less entitlement.
Attitudes.
The children of the working class approach school with a different attitude than those of higher class. This is because their sense of entitlement is lower than that of their middle class counterparts. Working-class students sometimes feel unentitled or that they do not belong in affluent high schools or colleges. Instead of viewing education as a way up in the world, the working class views it as valuable but not as a reality for them. For working class parents, they are more consumed with the tasks of simply getting by and providing for their children than they are with good grades and higher education. Parents pass this survival mentality onto their children and cause a cycle where working class children do not have the same aspirations instilled in them that the middle class does. Only 54% of students whose parents only received their high school diploma go on to pursue their bachelor’s degree. This statistic is compared to the 82% of students whose parents received their bachelor’s degree that go on to college. First generation students who do on go to college experience a culture shock once they get there because they are not as comfortable and sure of themselves as those that have come from a family that has received higher education. Indeed, a recent review of the literature has shown that working-class students have a greater risk of being excluded from social life at universities, including formal activities such as campus-based clubs, societies, and organizations and informal activities such as parties and nonclassroom conversations. This is an important problem because social integration predicts student retention, and working class students are twice as likely as middle class students to drop out before their second year of college because they lack the persistence they need to face challenges and succeed in college.
The attitude of children born into the working class strongly reflects the way their parents raise them. The outlook and importance of education is not the same as families with wealth. Inheritance plays a strong role in the way parents and children view and value education.
Solving the Problem.
There are some ways that this may be changed. In order to break this cycle, working class students might be taught the values of the middle class or the schooling system develop programs that help those students that are not receiving the support and guidance they need from home. The middle class values are the same values that are felt by the authority figures at school; therefore, through teaching working class students to value education and be more involved they will be able to navigate social institutions with greater purpose and poise. The problem could be that working class parents did not have these values instilled in them; therefore, they are less likely to pass these values on to their children. Schools have been left with the responsibility of being the only places for some children to learn the rules and values that are present in most institutions.
Solving the problem of racism within these institutions, causing perpetual problems and nearly impossible change, would take large steps towards rectifying problems within the education system. As long as institutionalized racism exists, problems within the educational system will continue to exist.
Due to the lack of resources in needy schools, educational facilities are forced to develop support systems that do not have any additional costs. Programs that have been introduced into lower income schools include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20391965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391965" title="List of insects in the Red Data Book of Russia">
List of insects in the Red Data Book of Russia

This is a list of insects in the Red Data Book of Russia. The Red Data Book of Russia is a state document established for documenting rare and endangered species of animals, plants and fungi, as well as some local subspecies (such as the Ladoga seal) that exist within the territory of the Russian Federation and its continental shelf and marine economic zone.

</doc>
<doc id="20391993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20391993" title="Plasmodium landauae">
Plasmodium landauae

Plasmodium landauae is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Vinckeia". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. landauae" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are mammals. 
Geographical occurrence.
This species occurs in Africa.
Vectors.
Not known.
Clinical features and host pathology.
This species infects flying squirrels ("Anomalurus" species).

</doc>
<doc id="20392023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392023" title="BinTube">
BinTube

BinTube is a binary Usenet client for the Microsoft Windows operating system.
Features.
BinTube streams video, audio and images directly from Usenet. Other features include SSL connections, automatic repair of downloaded data and OpenSearch search giving it the capability to find content on most web based Usenet search engines.
BinTube.com also offers a free binary Usenet search engine and Usenet access.

</doc>
<doc id="20392062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392062" title="Valley Gardens (disambiguation)">
Valley Gardens (disambiguation)

Valley Gardens is a botanical garden in Surrey, England.
Valley Gardens may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20392063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392063" title="Stratocide">
Stratocide

Stratocide is the deliberate and systematic destruction, in whole or in part, of a social class. Originally coined by Tomas Venclova. In describing the Holodomor Russia Today Venclova defines: "Stratocide – elimination of a social class, from Latin ‘strat’ (stratum – layer, social layer, class) and ‘cide’ (oxido, occido – to vanish oft. reacting with air, to massacre)."

</doc>
<doc id="20392072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392072" title="Robert Hepburn">
Robert Hepburn

Colonel Robert Rickart Hepburn of Keith (1720 – 24 May 1804) was Member of Parliament for Kincardineshire 1768–1774. He was the son of James Hepburn of Keith and Katherine Rickart.

</doc>
<doc id="20392075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392075" title="Steve Perrin's Quest Rules">
Steve Perrin's Quest Rules

"Steve Perrin's Quest Rules, or SPQR" for short, is a role-playing game system created and sold by Steve Perrin.
History.
"SPQR" rules are based on those Perrin created for the role-playing game called "RuneQuest", first published in 1978 by Chaosium and set in Greg Stafford's fantasy world, Glorantha. Stafford and Lynn Willis (one of his Chaosium employees) simplified the rules (eliminating such things as Strike Ranks and Hit Locations) in order to publish a generic role-playing game system called "Basic Role-Playing" ("BRP"). First released in 1980, "BRP" was independent from all the successive "RuneQuest" editions (even if its rules booklet was first only included in other games' boxes such as "RuneQuest"'s) and served as a basic system of rules for almost all incoming role-playing games edited by Chaosium, like "Call of Cthulhu" (1981), "Stormbringer" (1981) or "Pendragon" (1985). One of those games, "Superworld" (1983), represented a commercial failure and resulted in the departure of Perrin from Chaosium. He began then to work as a game designer for companies like Interplay Productions, Maxis or Spectrum Holobyte. He has also worked freelance for many of the major players in the games industry including TSR, Inc., FASA Corporation, Hero Games, West End Games, and Iron Crown Enterprises. Only years later, in 2002, he decided to pick up again in business with his former game system, which he calls now "Steve Perrin's Quest Rules" ("SPQR").
Game system.
As it was the case for "BRP" since 1980, "SPQR" is both a simplified version of "RuneQuest" and a generic role-playing game system. For example Strike Ranks and Resistance Table are now discarded from "SPQR" rules because one clutters up combat and the other is not a percentile system, and as Perrin said in an interview given to the September 2008 "RPG review" magazine, "the game does not need two separate systems for resolving situations".
Chaos Limited.
Apparently, purchasing the game is only possible through the "Chaos Limited" link in Steve Perrin's website. "Chaos Limited" is the company created by Perrin in order to sell his games and products. The use of the word "Chaos" to name his company possibly refers to the original Greg Stafford's company's name, "Chaosium".

</doc>
<doc id="20392076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392076" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Istanbul">
Apostolic Vicariate of Istanbul

The Apostolic Vicariate of Istanbul () is a Roman Catholic apostolic vicariate located in the city of Istanbul in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20392086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392086" title="Plasmodium pulmophilium">
Plasmodium pulmophilium

Plasmodium pulmophilium is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Vinckeia". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. pulmophilium" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are mammals. 
Geographical occurrence.
This species occurs in Africa.
Vectors.
Not known.
Clinical features and host pathology.
This species infects flying squirrels ("Anomalurus" species).

</doc>
<doc id="20392099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392099" title="List of Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim seasons">
List of Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim seasons

This is a list of Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim seasons. The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are a professional baseball team based in Anaheim, California, United States. The Angels are a member of the Western Division of Major League Baseball's American League. The Angels have been based in Angel Stadium of Anaheim since 1966.
Table key.
</noinclude>
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20392116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392116" title="Plasmodium incertae">
Plasmodium incertae

Plasmodium incertae is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Vinckeia". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. incertae" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are mammals. 
Geographical occurrence.
This species occurs in Asia.
Vectors.
Not known.
Clinical features and host pathology.
This species infects Asian flying squirrels.

</doc>
<doc id="20392122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392122" title="Radiohead live performances">
Radiohead live performances

Radiohead, an alternative rock band from Abingdon, Oxfordshire, have had concerts and other live performances in Europe, North America, Australia, Asia and South America. The band's line-up has been constant since its founding, consisting of Thom Yorke (vocals and guitar), Jonny Greenwood (guitar), Ed O'Brien (guitar), Colin Greenwood (bass guitar), and Phil Selway (drums). The role that each band member plays during performances has changed dramatically throughout the band's history.
Radiohead was founded under the name On a Friday in 1986 and performed local shows in the Oxford area under this name until 1991. Radiohead toured extensively across the United States and Europe in support of their debut album, "Pablo Honey", and in spite of conflict that arose within the band during this time their performances were credited for the relative success of "Pablo Honey" and their debut single "Creep". Radiohead toured widely in support of "The Bends" and its singles, but the album did not perform as well commercially as its predecessor had.
History.
On a Friday (1985–1991).
Radiohead's first incarnation was called On a Friday, founded in 1985 while the members were all attending the public boys-only Abingdon School in Abingdon, Oxfordshire. Thom Yorke was on vocals and guitar, Colin Greenwood played bass guitar, Ed O'Brien played rhythm guitar, and Phil Selway played drums. Future guitarist Jonny Greenwood played harmonica as a guest member at these shows, and later keyboards as a permanent member. The band would also feature three saxophone players in their live show until the late 1980s. Colin Greenwood later said that, during the band's earliest live performances, "We wore all black and played very loud, because we thought that's what you had to do." The band's early gigs took place at various parties around town, rather than concerts. The band members split up to attend university, but reunited during breaks for rehearsals and occasional performances. On a Friday's first concert in a conventional venue was at the Jericho Tavern in Jericho, Oxford, in 1987; the performance had few attendants and was negatively received by participants in the local music scene.
On a Friday fully resumed in 1991, and Jonny Greenwood's role in the group changed to third guitarist. Shoegazing bands such as Ride and Swervedriver were a prominent local trend, one which On a Friday did not fit into. The band's first reunited show was at the Hollybush in Osney on 22 July 1991. Although the band played to an audience of only six people, they were well received. According to Radiohead biographer Mac Randall, "Yorke's dramatic singing style and frighteningly intense onstage demeanor—one moment tightly focused, the next seemingly ready to burst open—was already coming to the fore", and the band played in a garage rock style. O'Brien spread the band's three-song demo "Dungeon Demo" around the community, which earned the band a number of gigs, mostly at the Jericho Tavern. Members of the band would also occasionally busk. Producer Chris Hufford attended an On a Friday show at the Jericho Tavern on 8 August 1991, and later described the band as "a lot rougher, a lot punkier, quite frenetic and at a faster tempo they would play at later." Hufford was so impressed by the performance that he had the band record a new demo, "Manic Hedgehog", at his Courtyard Studios. Shortly afterward, the band signed to EMI and changed their names to Radiohead. By the time of the signing, the band had dropped some of their older songs off of concert set lists. Radiohead played fewer than ten shows in 1991.
"Pablo Honey" era (1992–1993).
The band's first tour began in April 1992, supporting Catherine Wheel. Because of a two-week delay of their debut extended play, "Drill", Radiohead had no music on sale to promote. Despite challenges the band faced adapting to regular touring, their performances were generally well received by audiences. After the recording sessions for Radiohead's debut studio album "Pablo Honey", the band toured in support of The Frank and Walters until mid-October 1992. The band then toured with Kingmaker, opening for a juggler before the main band came on. During this tour, Yorke would randomly cut off clumps of his hair, and frequently became heavily intoxicated on alcohol, often to the point where the band would have to cancel shows. Yorke would later attribute this behavior his frustrations with the band's perceived directionless in defining themselves. In 1992, the band played over 100 shows across most of the United Kingdom. The year ended with a highly negative review of Radiohead's live show in the "NME", in which writer Keith Cameron wrote "Radiohead are a pitiful, lily-livered excuse for a rock 'n' roll group."
Radiohead played a few dates in the UK in January 1993. On the strength of the band's new single "Creep" in Israel, the band played three shows in Tel Aviv in March 1993, where they found wide recognition for the first time. After returning from Tel Aviv they played a number of dates in the UK, and also played at the Bevrijdingspop Festival in Haarlem, the band's first concert in the Netherlands. Around this time, Radiohead became known for their violent performances; the guitarists regularly cut open their fingers with the instruments, and Yorke once gashed his head on his guitar. Yorke said that "there's always loads of blood on the guitars at the end of the night. 'Performance' for us means we don't know what we're going to do." Radiohead's first tour in the United States and Canada, starting on 22 July 1993, took place over the course of a month in clubs in Boston, New York City, Chicago, Detroit, Toronto, Seattle, Los Angeles, and Dallas. This tour was, like the tour in Israel, made possible due to the growing popularity of "Creep". Radiohead performed live on television for the first time, on "The Arsenio Hall Show" followed by an appearance on the MTV show "Beach Party". The band also played at the Whisky a Go Go in West Hollywood, California, and although the show sold out in 20 minutes the band considered the performance to be a failure. The US tour was considered a success, credited for placing "Creep" at its peak of number 34 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, placing "Pablo Honey" at number 32 on the "Billboard" 200, and for pushing "Pablo Honey" to a Gold RIAA certification for shipping 500,000 units. Yorke, however, had mixed feelings about the tour, and later said that "Our so-called success in America... allowed us to do a lot of things, but it also meant that somehow we "owed" somebody something."
In August, the band played at a festival in Belgium and two in Holland. The band canceled an appearance at the Reading Festival because of Yorke's stress-induced laryngitis. EMI reissued "Creep" in the UK, and it charted at number seven, prompting an appearance by the band on "Top of the Pops". Although Capitol Records had wanted Radiohead to tour again in the US with labelmates Duran Duran, Hufford convinced the label otherwise, and Radiohead returned to the US for a month-long tour supporting Belly. On this tour, Radiohead became the first musical guest on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" and played at the 40 Watt Club in Athens, Georgia. A performance on this tour received a mixed response from "Chicago Sun-Times" writer Jae-Ha Kim, who criticized Yorke's singing voice but wrote that "Jonny Greenwood's fuzzy guitar playing was authoritative, dictating the mopey melodies and complementing Ed O'Brien's rhythm guitars." After the Belly tour ended, Radiohead played a frustrating show at the Aladdin Theatre in Las Vegas, Nevada opening for Tears for Fears. Radiohead finished in the US and toured in Canada, playing in Vancouver, Calgary, Montreal, and Toronto. Yorke told a newspaper reporter while in Canada that "I think so far we've played 350 dates in support of this album in Europe and North America. That's a hell of a lot of miles." The band then played a tour backing James, taking place across Germany, France, Switzerland, Spain, Portugal, and the UK. During this final tour, conflict among the band increased. Exhaustion from touring, Yorke's egotism, and frustration from repeatedly playing "Creep" all contributed to the band's in-fighting. The tour was nearly canceled, but during a meeting the band members decided against it. According to band agent Charlie Myatt, the band "played like demons" during the final segment of the James tour. Touring ended on 13 December 1993, and the band members took a break. Jonny Greenwood summarized the previous year of touring by saying "We joined this band to write songs and be musicians, but we spend a year being jukeboxes instead."
"My Iron Lung" and pre-"The Bends" touring (1994).
Radiohead returned to touring in May 1994. The touring schedule had dates in Spain, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, the UK, Japan, Hong Kong, Australia, and New Zealand. The tour found the band in the middle of fruitless sessions for their upcoming album, "The Bends", so performing live was considered a welcome change. The band introduced many of the new songs from "The Bends" for the first time, though "Creep" was still a crowd favorite. Radiohead performed at Manchester University, and Yorke expressed anxiety about possible negative reception due to the band's cancellation of their appearance at Reading Festival the year prior, saying to the audience "I was scared shitless about tonight." During the concert, Yorke damaged his left ankle and suffered a stress fracture, an injury which required a brace but did not delay the tour. A performance by the band at the London Astoria was recorded and frequently broadcast by MTV Europe. The audio from the same show from the song "My Iron Lung" would be used as the recording for "The Bends", albeit with a re-recorded vocal. While in the UK, Jonny Greenwood was diagnosed with repetitive strain injury in his right arm from his rapid guitar playing, and was required to wear a brace. Greenwood continued to wear the brace well past the point where it was necessary as a sort of trademark, saying "It's like taping up your fingers before a boxing match. It's a ritual." By the time the band had returned from the tour, they found recording easier, leading producer John Leckie to comment "I think it helped that they'd been on tour because they had confidence in a lot of the songs again, which I think they'd maybe lost during that lengthy recording period." The band played at a number of summer festivals, including appearances at Glastonbury Festival, Roskilde in Denmark and the Sopot Marlboro Rock Festival in Poland. The band all agreed that their most important performance that summer, and the one they were most nervous about, was Reading Festival. However, reception at the festival was positive, though Hufford felt the band put too much unfamiliar material in their set.
The band played a ten-date tour in the UK from 27 September to 8 October in support of the recently released "My Iron Lung" single, including a performance for the Oxfam Rwandan Relief Fund. The band raised £7,000 in support of victims of the Rwandan Genocide, and a review of the show by Ian Watson "Melody Maker" noted that, while "Creep" was "naturally" the "pinnacle" of the show, new songs like "My Iron Lung", "Just", and "Black Star" were also highlights. The UK shows were followed by two concerts in Bangkok and an eight-date tour of Mexico. During the Mexican tour, the band members had a number of emotional outbursts; as O'Brian described it, "Things had been brewing and they basically came to a head." Following the tour in Mexico, Yorke and Jonny Greenwood played a number of shows in the US by themselves with only acoustic instruments, a format which was soon repeated for four shows in England before the release of the "High and Dry"/"Planet Telex" single. Radiohead played a gig with Supergrass and The Candyskins at the Apollo Theatre for an audience of journalists and EMI executives, a performance which garnered praise from "Melody Maker". The band also played at a benefit for and at the Venue, a club they had frequented while still called On a Friday. The Venue and much of the local Oxford music scene were unable to continue business; due to Radiohead's concert, the Venue survived, and the club is now renamed The Zodiac.
"The Bends" (1995).
"The Bends" was released on 13 March 1995. Radiohead toured in the UK from February to late March in support of "The Bends". Audience reception was overwhelmingly positive, and many of the dates were sold out. One date on the tour, at Sheffield, was canceled due to Yorke contracting a stomach flu. The band went on to perform in Japan and North America; Radiohead would cross the US six times in promotion of "The Bends". Yorke and Jonny Greenwood also played a number of new acoustic sets, though Greenwood stated around this time that "We do hate this acoustic thing. It's "evil", the idea." By the time the US tour for "The Bends" officially began, Yorke had a build-up of fluid in his ears from his regular airplane flying, which worried him that he was going deaf. On the debut show of the tour in Boston, Yorke lashed out at moshers in the crowd, yelling and hitting one with his guitar. On 29 May, Yorke had a "breakdown" and begged tour manager Tim Greaves to book him a flight back to England. Other members of the band were also suffering from stress and fatigue, with O'Brian noting "We had two weeks off last year 1994, and we've been together every single day since January this year." In spite of Radiohead's touring, "The Bends" did not perform as well as "Pablo Honey" in the US, though it reached the top ten charts in the UK.
In July, R.E.M. chose Radiohead as the opening act for the European leg of its "Monster" tour, a decision made because the members of R.E.M. were fans of "The Bends" but had never heard Radiohead live. R.E.M. was an early and lasting influence on Radiohead, and during the tour the two bands shared admiration. Yorke wrote, after Michael Stipe revealed himself to be a Radiohead fan, that "I've never believed in hero worship but I have to admit to myself that i'm fighting for breath." Jonny Greenwood similarly felt that "It's been exciting and embarrassing, them watching us from the wings every night. It's enormously surreal." Stipe stated during a concert with Radiohead in Tel Aviv that "There aren't many things that scare me, but Radiohead are so good they scare me." By August Radiohead were playing on their own again in Europe, debuting a number of new songs including "Subterranean Homesick Alien" and "Lucky". Radiohead played a short number of dates opening for both R.E.M. and Soul Asylum in the US, before returning to the UK and Europe for more touring. More physical ailments afflicted the band, as Greenwood suffered hearing problems and needed to wear soundproof headphones and Yorke began losing his voice. On top of this, all of the band's gear was stolen, cancelling a number of shows. These problems culminated with Yorke fainting on stage, an event characterized in the "NME" as a "temper tantrum". By December 1995 and January 1996, the band had stopped touring and returned home.
"OK Computer" era and Against Demons tour (1996–1998).
Radiohead resumed touring in the US in March 1996. EMI, encouraged by the high placement of "The Bends" in many year-end best-of lists, began a new marketing push in the US; with the combined force of the EMI's renewed efforts and Radiohead's constant touring, the album re-entered the "Billboard" charts and peaked at number 88, and was certified gold. The band appeared on both "The Tonight Show", which Yorke described as "the highlight of our entire fucking year", and "120 Minutes". New songs had an increasing presence on the set lists of this tour. Among these were songs that would eventually be on the band's third album "OK Computer", such as "No Surprises", "Let Down", and "Electioneering". The tour also found Yorke more willing to exercise restraint in his vocals and onstage mannerisms, and Greenwood more willing to improvise on established songs. The band played at Pinkpop Festival and Rock Werchter. Jae-Ha Kim wrote in the "Chicago Sun-Times", reviewing a performance by Radiohead at Metro Chicago, that their "intense touring schedule (more than 110 dates in America alone) has transformed it from a good live group into a great one." In a review of Radiohead's performance at the T in the Park festival, the "NME" called Radiohead "The Last Great Sincere Rock Band".
The band supported Alanis Morissette for 13 dates in her "Jagged Little Pill" tour. The band used the opportunity to hone their new material and rehearse some new songs, including "Paranoid Android", a multi-sectioned song that stretched to over 14 minutes during this tour. In spite of Radiohead's sound being markedly different to that of Morissette, the audience reaction to the band was "tremendous" according to Mac Randall, and Capitol employee Clark Staub said that "if they'd been allowed an encore, Radiohead would have got an encore." Colin Greenwood would later say that the band earned "silly money" for the Morissette tour. Between recording sessions for "OK Computer", Yorke and Jonny Greenwood played a secret gig for "Dazed & Confused" magazine, performing three songs from "The Bends" and four new songs.
The band performed a preview of "OK Computer" in Lisbon in mid-May, and marked the beginning of the Against Demons tour at the album's "launch" on 22 May and 24 May in Barcelona. The set list for the first Barcelona show, at the Zeleste Club, included nearly every song on "OK Computer", a number of songs from "The Bends", and only "You" from "Pablo Honey". The show, which had three encores, garnered positive reception in a review in "Mojo". After the Barcelona shows the band members were already showing signs of stress and exhaustion, particularly Yorke, whose mood and conduct during interviews ranged from relaxed to highly irritable. Starting in Barcelona, the band's performances and other promotional activities on the tour were filmed by Grant Gee.
"Kid A" and "Amnesiac" era (1999–2001).
Performances from this era were documented on "" (2001).
"In Rainbows" era and In Rainbows tour (2005–present).
Radiohead began touring again in 2006, the first gig being in Copenhagen on the 6th of May. This tour was about the band "getting back into" the momentum of playing songs and recording after a year's hiatus in 2004. Many new songs that would later appear on In Rainbows were roadtested on this tour, notably Videotape at the Hammersmith Apollo gig on 15 May. Other songs that made their debut on this tour were;
Jigsaw Falling into Place (under the name of Open Pick), Videotape, 15 Step, Bodysnatchers, All I Need and some B-sides, such as Bangers and Mash and Last Flowers.
Weird Fishes/Arpeggi was also played, as was Nude, although both of these songs dated back to before the 2006 tour. The tour is notable as these versions of the songs were often very different to the eventual In Rainbows incarnations.
Radiohead also played the V Festival, as well as gigs throughout Europe, the UK, Canada and the USA.
The In Rainbows tour started in May 2008 in the USA, continued in Europe, returned to the USA and Canada. After this the band performed in Japan in October, finishing the first half of the tour. The tour continued in 2009 starting in Latin America with Kraftwerk as guests.
Radiohead return to México for first time since 1994 with two concerts on 15 and 16 March, and had its debut live performance in Brazil, Argentina and Chile in March 2009. Concerts were held in Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo on the 20th and 22nd, Buenos Aires on the 24th. In Santiago two concerts were held, on the 26th and 27th.
The band made their first live performance in over a year for support of the 2011 album, "The King of Limbs". They decided to return to "From The Basement" a Nigel Godrich-produced Live Show to play the entire "TKOL" Album along with a pick of the group's unreleased songs. This would be the 2nd appearance of the band on the show, when they previously went on to support "In Rainbows". The announcement came to a video of the band playing a previously unreleased song in the show called "Staircase", which featured guest drummer Clive Dreamer.
Live recordings.
Grant Gee's footage from the Against Demons tour was used in the rockumentary "Meeting People Is Easy", released in 1998. An article in "Q" claimed that, according to Yorke, "Meeting People Is Easy" is "a 94-minute message to any younger bands who might envy Radiohead's high-flying lifestyle. And that message is: 'Don't even think about it.'"
A recording of a 1994 performance at the London Astoria was released and is still available on DVD. There is also an EP featuring performances of songs from their 2001 tour called . More recently, Radiohead recorded a concert from their "In Rainbows" tour for NPR's All Songs Considered webcast hosted by Bob Boilen. This concert is available for free streaming on NPR's website and for free download as a podcast on iTunes.
The band has performed concerts for the MTV Network twice; once in 1997 for the "Live from the 10 Spot" series and once in 2003 for MTV2's "$2 Bill" series. The latter concert was also showed in its full length in Canadian movie theaters. They also performed live for the German concert series "Rockpalast" in June 2001 during their Kid A/Amnesiac tour. The concert was bootlegged and released unofficially on DVD in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20392148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392148" title="Home Is the Exile">
Home Is the Exile

Home Is the Exile is a novel by the American writer Hilary Masters set in 1990s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The novel weaves the stories of two military men of two eras: aviator Roy Armstrong is a veteran of the Republican cause in the Spanish Civil War, while Walt Hardy, a player in the Iran-Contra Affair, has returned to contemporary Pittsburgh, where he grew up.

</doc>
<doc id="20392176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392176" title="Blue pencil doctrine">
Blue pencil doctrine

The blue pencil doctrine is a legal concept in common law countries, where a court finds that a portion of contract is void or unenforceable, but the other part of the contract is enforceable. In that case the court may order the parties to follow the enforceable part and can delete the void portion.
The court may also order the parties to reconsider the contract to make it enforceable.
Etymology.
The term stems from the act of editing written copy with a blue pencil.
In UK law.
The principle was established by the House of Lords in the case of "Nordenfelt v Maxim, Nordenfelt Guns and Ammunition Co".
Other statute laws such as the Sale of Goods Act 1979 and the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1994 have established the principle in statute law.
In other jurisdictions.
In most jurisdictions, courts routinely "blue pencil" or reform covenants that are not reasonable. The blue pencil doctrine gives courts the authority to either strike unreasonable clauses from a non-compete agreement, leaving the rest to be enforced, or actually modify the agreement to reflect the terms that the parties could have — and probably should have — agreed to. In Israel the blue pencil method has been used to strike out illegal or unconstitutional parts of a statute leaving the rest extant.

</doc>
<doc id="20392177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392177" title="Si Siman">
Si Siman

Si Siman (January 17, 1921 – December 16, 1994), born Ely E. Siman, Jr., was an American record producer and country music executive who helped transform the sound of music in the Ozarks after World War II and into the 1970s. He discovered Chet Atkins and Porter Wagoner, among others; and was a key figure behind "Ozark Jubilee," the first network television series to feature America's top country music stars.
Biography.
Siman was born in Springfield, Missouri on January 17, 1921, and was a batboy for the Springfield Cardinals. He graduated from Drury College and served in the US Navy during World War II. He then rejoined Ralph Foster's KWTO, where he had worked as a teenager, and became vice president of Foster's RadiOzark Enterprises, Inc., which produced nationally-syndicated radio shows from Springfield hosted by such performers as Tennessee Ernie Ford, George Morgan, Smiley Burnette and Bill Ring.
An ear for talent.
Siman discovered Chet Atkins and Porter Wagoner in the early 1950s. He was Wagoner's first manager; produced his first hit, "A Satisfied Mind", in Springfield; and signed him to an RCA Records contract in 1951. He told Atkins his given name, Chester, wouldn't make it in country music, and he helped Atkins and The Browns land contracts with RCA. Siman, in partnership with Foster and John B. Mahaffey (Foster's nephew), established the Earl Barton Music, Inc. publishing company. The firm obtained copyrights for national country hits including Little Jimmy Dickens' smash "A-Sleeping at the Foot of the Bed" (1950) and Johnny Mullins' novelty tune "Company's Comin'" (1954).
From 1954-1961, Siman and Mahaffey were managing vice presidents of Foster's Crossroads TV Productions, and co-executive producers of ABC-TV's "Ozark Jubilee", the first popular country music series on network television. In April, 1954, Siman lured Red Foley to Springfield to host the program over a bottle of Jack Daniel's whiskey at the Andrew Jackson Hotel in Nashville, Tennessee. Simon also handled booking most of the show's performers.
Siman and Mahaffey were also co-executive producers of the show's spin-off, NBC's "Five Star Jubilee" (1961); as well as "The Eddy Arnold Show" (1956) and "Talent Varieties" (1955), both ABC.
Hits in the 1960s.
Siman's biggest successes came in the late 1960s with songwriter Wayne Carson Thompson, known for "The Letter", "Always On My Mind" and "Soul Deep" (The Box Tops); and he helped such local artists as Ronnie Self and Johnny Mullins ("Blue Kentucky Girl") chart nationally. From 1967–1969, he worked with songwriter Bob Millsap at KWTO.
In the late 1970s Siman advised Tim Nichols, who later co-wrote Tim McGraw's smash hit "Live Like You Were Dying", and in 1980 urged him to move from Springfield to Nashville.
Later years.
In 1970, Siman established the Red Foley Memorial Music Award at Berea College. The annual award is presented to students there in recognition of their musical contributions to the campus.
He was active with the Shriners and was appointed chief aide in 1980. 
When he retired in 1987, Siman sold Earl Barton Music and the rights to a catalog of nearly 2,000 songs to Rolf Budde Musikverlage of Germany. In 1991, he donated his papers to the Country Music Hall of Fame. In January 1994, Siman helped found Ozarks Pictures Corp. to produce family films. Its first feature was 1995's "A Place to Grow," shot in southwest Missouri and starring Gary Morris, Wilford Brimley and Boxcar Willie.
Siman died of cancer in Springfield on December 16, 1994.
Family.
His son, Scott Siman, is an entertainment executive in Nashville who has managed country music singers Tim McGraw, Julianne Hough and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="20392231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392231" title="Ra'ed Al-Nawateer">
Ra'ed Al-Nawateer

Ra'ed Abdel-Rahman Fraeh Al-Nawateer (born May 5, 1988) is a Jordanian footballer who plays for Al-Faisaly (Amman) and the Jordan national football team. 
Ra'ed is from the City Of Kufranja in the Ajloun Province of Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="20392237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392237" title="Plant Daniel">
Plant Daniel

The Victor J. Daniel Electric Generating Plant is a major 2-gigawatt, four-unit fossil fuel power plant, generating about 1 GWe from two coal-fired subcritical drum-type units and 1 GWe from its two newer, gas-fired combined-cycle units. Plant Daniel is located in Jackson County, near Escatawpa, Mississippi. Named for Victor J. Daniel, Jr., Mississippi Power's fourth president, the plant was designated by Southern Company Services, Inc. Jointly owned by Southern Company subsidiaries Mississippi Power and Gulf Power, it is the largest generator of electric power in the state of Mississippi.
History.
Construction of Daniel 1 and 2, two coal-fired sub-critical drum type units began in April 1973. Twenty-six years later in May 1999, plant capacity was doubled with the addition of two gas-fired combined cycle units, designated Daniel 3 and 4.
The first 500 MW coal-fired, steam electric generating unit, Daniel 1, began commercial operation on Sept. 6, 1977. The second 500 MW coal-fired, steam electric generating unit, Daniel 2, began commercial operation on June 1, 1981.
Daniel 3 and 4 began commercial operation between April and May 2001.
Ownership.
Mississippi Power and Gulf Power of Pensacola, Florida jointly own and share operating costs of the Daniel 1 and 2 units. Gulf Power is an operating affiliate of Southern Company and a sister company of Mississippi Power.
Daniel 3 and 4 are gas-fired combined cycle units. Each unit produces 500 MW of electricity, bringing the plant’s total capacity to more than 2000 MW. Daniel 3 and 4 are solely operated and maintained by Mississippi Power.
Carbon sequestration demonstration.
The facility is the site of a United States Department of Energy-sponsored carbon dioxide sequestration demonstration project intended to demonstrate CO2 storage in a deep saline aquifer, the Lower Tuscaloosa Formation. The project began in 2008, and more than of CO2 were injected in October of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20392248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392248" title="Pierre Gentil">
Pierre Gentil

Pierre Gentil (born October 12, 1881, date of death unknown) was a French sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Paris.
In 1912 at the Stockholm Games he participated in the following events:

</doc>
<doc id="20392288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392288" title="Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate of Anatolia">
Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate of Anatolia

The Apostolic Vicariate of Anatolia () is a Roman Catholic apostolic vicariate located in the city of İskenderun in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20392297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392297" title="Irving Lehman">
Irving Lehman

Irving Lehman (January 28, 1876 – September 22, 1945) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1940 until his death in 1945.
Biography.
He was born on January 28, 1876 in New York City to Mayer Lehman (d. 1897) and Babette Newgass. Herbert H. Lehman was his brother. He graduated with an LL.B. from Columbia University Law School in 1897. On June 26, 1901, he married Sissie Straus, the daughter of Nathan Straus.
He was a justice of the New York Supreme Court from 1909 to 1923, elected in 1908 on the Democratic ticket, and re-elected in 1922 on the Democratic and Republican tickets.
In 1923, he was elected on the Democratic and Republican tickets to a 14-year term on the New York Court of Appeals, and re-elected in 1937. In 1939, he was elected Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals on the Democratic, Republican and American Labor tickets, and remained on the bench until his death in office.
In 1942 the New York Court of Appeals affirmed the convictions of the notorious Louis Buchalter and his two associates Emanuel Weiss and Louis Capone under a sharply divided decision of the judges who filed four opinions. The death sentences were upheld by a vote of 4-3. (People v. Buchalter, 289 N.Y. 181) However, Judge Lehman who was also affirming the conviction of the three expressed some doubts in the verdict and stated that the errors and defects in the case were in fact numerous. In 1943 the United States Supreme Court granted Buchalter's petition to review the case and in a full opinion affirmed the conviction, 7-0, with two justices abstaining. (319 U.S. 427 (1943)) Finally, Judge Lehman signed a show cause order in 1944 because the counsel for the trio had appeared before Governor Thomas E. Dewey in a clemency plea and Lehman eventually delayed the execution of the condemned men. Even so the clemency plea was denied by Governor Dewey. On March 4, 1944 Emanuel Weiss thanked Chief Judge Lehman in his final words before being electrocuted in Sing Sing. 
Lehman died of a heart ailment on September 22, 1945 at his home on Ridge Street in Port Chester, New York. He was buried at the Cypress Hills Cemetery, Brooklyn.

</doc>
<doc id="20392316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392316" title="1971–72 KNVB Cup">
1971–72 KNVB Cup

The 54th edition of the KNVB Cup started on January 9, 1972. The final was played on May 11, 1972: Ajax beat FC Den Haag 3–2 and won the cup for the seventh time.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on January 9, 1972.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played on February 11, 13 and 20, 1972.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on March 15 and 29, 1972.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on April 11 and 12, 1972.
Final.
Ajax also were the champions of the Eredivisie, thereby taking the double. They would participate in the European Cup, so finalists FC Den Haag would participate in the Cup Winners' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20392321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392321" title="Committee for Regional Development">
Committee for Regional Development

The Committee for Regional Development is a Northern Ireland Assembly committee established to advise, assist and scrutinise the work of the Department for Regional Development and Minister for Regional Development (currently Conor Murphy). The committee also plays a key role in the consultation, consideration and development of new legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="20392329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392329" title="Maxime Landin">
Maxime Landin

Maxime Landin (born April 24, 1855, date of death unknown) was a French sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Bagnolet.
In 1912 he was a member of the French team which finished fourth in the team 50 metre small-bore rifle and fifth in the team rifle. In the 300 metre military rifle, three positions he finished 70th.

</doc>
<doc id="20392340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392340" title="Celebration (Celebration album)">
Celebration (Celebration album)

Celebration is the debut album from Baltimore's Celebration. It was released on February 27, 2006. The album was released on 4AD.

</doc>
<doc id="20392342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392342" title="Anabaptist Museum (Austria)">
Anabaptist Museum (Austria)

The Anabaptist Museum is a part of the open air museum Museumsdorf Niedersulz. The museum is located in the village of Sulz im Weinviertel, about 45 km north of Vienna in the province of Lower Austria. The museum houses an exhibition about the history of Anabaptist groups in Austria with a focus on the Hutterites.
Facility.
The Anabaptist Museum is situated in a house originally located in Wilfersdorf. It is a "Kleinhäuslerhaus", a house of tenant farmers. The building is mentioned in 1600, 1774 and 1815 in the cadastre of the Liechtenstein family, the lords of Wilfersdorf. In 2007 the house was transferred to the open air museum Niedersulz.
Hutterites of the Weinviertel region.
In the 16th and early 17th century the Weinviertel region in Lower Austria and the adjacent region of Southern Moravia became centers of the Hutterite movement. Under the protection of local aristocrats like the Liechtenstein family the Hutterites flourished for over a century, until renewed persecution after the Battle of White Mountain forced them once again to migrate, first to Transylvania, and then, in the 18th century, to Ukraine. At the end of the 19th century most of the Hutterites left Europe and settled in North America.
Museum.
The museum documents the history of Anabaptism in Austria in general with a special focus on the Hutterites in Moravia and Lower Austria. Present-day life of Hutterites in North America is also presented.

</doc>
<doc id="20392362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392362" title="ZX Printer">
ZX Printer

The Sinclair ZX Printer is a spark printer which was produced by Sinclair Research for its ZX81 home computer. It was launched in 1981, with a recommended retail price of £49.95.
The ZX Printer used special wide black paper which was supplied coated with a thin layer of aluminium. To mark the paper, one of the printer's two styluses passed a current through a small area of the aluminium layer, causing the aluminium to evaporate and reveal the black under-surface. The printer's horizontal resolution was the same as the ZX81's video display, i.e. 256 dots (pixels) or 32 characters (using the standard character definition). The print quality was crude, but no other printer was compatible with the ZX81 without the use of additional software and interface hardware.
The ZX Printer was also compatible with the earlier ZX80 computer (when fitted with the 8kB ROM upgrade) and the later ZX Spectrum, and plugged directly into the expansion bus connector via a short cable. The expansion bus was duplicated on the outside of the printer's connector, allowing other peripherals to be connected concurrently. The printer drew its power directly from the expansion bus, and was sold with a larger (1-2A) power supply for the ZX81 to accommodate the additional power drain. The Spectrum's user manual noted that this was not needed for the Spectrum as its default 1.1A power supply was sufficient.

</doc>
<doc id="20392412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392412" title="Louis Percy">
Louis Percy

Louis Percy (born September 15, 1872, date of death unknown) was a French sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Lorquin.
In 1912 at the Stockholm Games he participated in the following events:

</doc>
<doc id="20392431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392431" title="Peder Mørk Mønsted">
Peder Mørk Mønsted

Peder Mørk Mønsted (Peter Mork Monsted) (10 December 1859 — 20 June 1941) was a Danish realist painter. Mønsted was known for his landscape paintings
Monsted was born in Balle south of Grenå in the easternmost part of the Jylland (Jutland) peninsula, in western Denmark. He later moved to Copenhagen where he studied from 1875 to 1879 at the Academy of Copenhagen. His teachers there included Andries Fritz and Julius Exner. Monsted had a long career and traveled throughout Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East.
References.
Museo virtuale della città di Tivoli IT [http://www.tibursuperbum.it/ita/museo/index.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20392432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392432" title="Dudley Savage">
Dudley Savage

William Dudley Savage MBE (20 March 1920 – 25 November 2008) was a British organist and broadcaster who for many years broadcast a hospital request programme from the Royal (ABC) cinema in Plymouth. He both introduced and played requests on the Royal organ. When it was axed, the resultant petition was said at the time to be the largest the BBC had ever encountered.
Early life.
Savage was born on 20 March 1920 near Penzance, in the village of Gulval. His mother played the organ there in the village church and taught him in their home how to play the piano. He moved on to study the organ under the instruction of organists at Truro Cathedral and with other instructors in Cornwall and Plymouth.
Theatre organist and soldier.
In 1938, as an 18-year-old, he was chosen as the organist for the ABC Royal Cinema in Plymouth which had been constructed that year and included a Compton theatre organ with eight ranks of pipes plus a Compton Melotone unit. With a break for military service, he remained at the ABC organ until the cinema was converted into a bingo hall in 1976.
World War II: Savage was called up for military service in 1940, serving in India. He was a lance bombardier prior to being commissioned as a second lieutenant on 12 August 1943, later rising to the rank of captain. After his discharge from military service in 1946, he returned to his position at Royal Cinema.
"As Prescribed" on BBC Radio.
His hospital request radio programme "As Prescribed" started in June 1948 as a weekly broadcast from ABC's Royal Cinema in Plymouth. Savage not only presented the hour-long show, but played requests on the organ from listeners who were sick in hospital or housebound. After the BBC cancelled the show following the 22 September 1968 broadcast, more than 43,000 signatures were collected on a petition submitted to the BBC, in addition to letters sent to the Chairman of Governors of the BBC and the Archbishop of Canterbury. The petition was submitted, accompanied by protesters carrying banners in what was described as "perhaps the biggest demonstration of its kind the BBC has known". After a brief hiatus, the BBC reinstated it as a monthly show in 1969, continuing "As Prescribed" for another decade, and later moving the programme to Radio 2. He was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 1978 Queen's Birthday Honours.
Death and eulogies.
He went on concert tours throughout the UK and Europe, displaying for his audiences what author and organist Jonathan Mann described as "an incredibly distinctive style with a particular gift for harmony."
In response to his death, the Cinema Organ Society eulogised Savage as someone who had "delighted organ fans up and down the country as well as in Europe" and as "one of the last surviving organists from the great days when cinema organs were to be heard constantly on the wireless".
Savage died at age 88 on 25 November 2008 at a nursing home near Liskeard after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20392436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392436" title="Get Guilty">
Get Guilty

Get Guilty is A.C. Newman's second solo album, released on January 20, 2009 on Matador Records/Last Gang Records. The album was recorded during the summer of 2008 at Brooklyn's Seaside Lounge and produced by Newman and Phil Palazzolo. The first single from the album was "The Palace at 4 AM."
The album received favorable reviews upon its 2009 release, and was sometimes described as a natural continuation of Newman's work with The New Pornographers. Guest musicians include Jon Wurster (Superchunk/ The Mountain Goats), Mates of State, and vocalist Nicole Atkins.

</doc>
<doc id="20392457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392457" title="Even Better Than the Disco Thing">
Even Better Than the Disco Thing

Even Better Than the Disco Thing is an Irish charity album released by the commercial FM radio station, Today FM, for the Christmas market on 21 November 2008. The album features covers of well-known disco songs by a selection of Irish musicians. Disc one features sixteen tracks, whilst disc two is labelled "Mix CD" and contains twelve of the same sixteen tracks all over again. All the songs were performed and recorded live on "The Ray D'Arcy Show". The title is a pun on the "Even Better Than the Real Thing" series of charity CDs recorded in previous years on D'Arcy's show, but temporarily discontinued after the third edition in 2005. They themselves are a reference to the U2 song "Even Better Than the Real Thing". Funds raised were donated to the National Children’s Hospital and Barretstown.
Reception.
Tony Clayton-Lea of "The Irish Times" commented in his review, If the image of Brian Kennedy strangling Never Can Say Goodbye , Jack L neutering Staying Alive , Juno Falls smothering Last Night a DJ Saved My Life , Fred defaming Fame , and Director stifling Ring My Bell are enough to turn you off your Christmas pudding, then so be it.

</doc>
<doc id="20392467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392467" title="Delaware Breakwater">
Delaware Breakwater

The Delaware Breakwater is a set of breakwaters east of Lewes, Delaware on Cape Henlopen that form Lewes Harbor. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 12, 1976.
The original and breakwaters were built in 1828. The breakwaters are now included in the National Harbor of Refuge and Delaware Breakwater Harbor Historic District.
The breakwaters were the first structure of their kind to be built in the Western Hemisphere.
See also.
Delaware Breakwater East End Light

</doc>
<doc id="20392472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392472" title="La Bourse">
La Bourse

La Bourse (The Purse) is a short story by the French novelist Honoré de Balzac. It was published in 1832 by Mame-Delaunay as one of the "Scènes de la vie privée" ("Scenes of Private Life") in La Comédie humaine. Later editions of the work were brought out by Béchet in 1835 and by Charpentier in 1839, in both of which "La Bourse" was placed among the "Scènes de la vie parisienne" ("Scenes of Parisian Life"). It was, however, restored to the "Scènes de la vie privée" when Furne brought out the fourth and final edition in 1842; this heavily revised version of the story appeared as the third work in Volume 1 of "La Comédie humaine".
Plot.
The young painter Hippolyte Schinner falls from a step-ladder while working in his atelier and is knocked unconscious. The noise of his fall alerts two of his neighbours, Adélaïde Leseigneur and her mother Madame de Rouville, who occupy the apartment immediately below. The two women revive the young man and an acquaintance is struck up. Inevitably, the young painter falls in love with Adélaïde and over the following weeks he pays frequent visits to her apartment. There he is always warmly welcomed, but he cannot help noticing the unmistakable signs of poverty – a poverty that the two women are at obvious pains to hide. Hippolyte's suspicions are aroused. The mother and her daughter have different surnames; they are reluctant to reveal anything of their past; and what is Hippolyte to make of the two old friends of the mother, the Comte de Kergarouet and the Chevalier du Halga, who regularly visit her to play cards for money, but who always lose to her as though on purpose?
Hippolyte discovers that Madame de Rouville's late husband was a naval captain who died at Batavia from wounds reveived in an engagement with an English vessel. The Comte de Kergarouet, it transpires, is a former comrade of Baron de Rouville. Hippolyte offers to draw a portrait of Monsieur de Rouville, a fading sketch of whom is hanging in the apartment. Two months later, when the finished portrait is hung in Madame de Rouville's apartment, the Comte de Kergarouet offers Hippolyte 500 pistoles to have his own portrait painted in a similar style. Hippolyte, however, suspects that the old man is offering him the price of both portraits while paying for his own, and he declines the offer.
Despite his suspicions that the two women make are living in some mysterious and disreputable manner, Hippolyte continues his visits, for he is deeply in love with Adélaïde. One day, as he is leaving the apartment, he realizes that he has left his purse behind; but when he returns and inquires about it, Adélaïde brazenly insists that no such purse has been left in their apartment. The young man suspects he has been robbed by the women and he stops visiting them. Over the following week he pines away. His colleagues seem to confirm his worst suspicions – that Adélaïde is a prostitute and Madame de Rouville her procuress. Even his mother notices that he is out of sorts.
But a chance meeting on the stairs outside Adélaïde's apartment is enough to dispel all Hippolyte's suspicions. He decides that he was wrong to ignore the promptings of his heart. That evening he calls on the two women. Madame de Rouville suggests a game of cards. Hippolyte loses, and when he reaches into his pocket for some money, he finds before him a purse which Adélaïde has slipped in front of him without his noticing it: "the poor child had the old one in her hand, and, to keep her countenance, was looking into it for the money to pay her mother. The blood rushed to Hippolyte's heart with such force that he was near fainting. The new purse, substituted for his own, and which contained his fifteen Louis d'or, was worked with gilt beads. The rings and tassels bore witness to Adélaïde's good taste, and she had no doubt spent all her little hoard in ornamenting this pretty piece of work. It was impossible to say with greater delicacy that the painter's gift could only be repaid by some proof of affection." There and then Hipployte asks for Adélaïde's hand in marriage.
Meanwhile Hippolyte's mother, having made inquiries about her son's condition and having learned of the whole affair, informs the Comte de Kergarouet of the malicious rumours surrounding the two women. Outraged, he explains to Madame Schinner that he loses intentionally at cards to Madame de Rouville because the Baronne's pride has left him none but these ingenious means of assisting her and her daughter in their poverty.
The Comte de Kergarouet and Madame Schinner go round to Madame de Rouville's, and arrive just in time to pronounce a benediction on the young lovers' engagement.
Balzac and art.
In "La Bourse", Balzac deals with a range of themes which he was to explore in great detail throughout "La Comédie humaine": the arts; creation in all its forms, as well as the joys and the pains which it causes. A great admirer of Eugène Delacroix, whom he was later to use as a model for the character of Joseph Bridau (a painter who appears in "The Black Sheep", "A Start in Life" and "La Bourse"), he depicts the act of artistic creation from every angle: the innovative and misunderstood painter (the brilliant Frenhorfer in "The Unknown Masterpiece"); the novice painter who gains public recognition (Joseph Bridau); the wealthy man who dabbles in art ("Pierre Grassou", who fritters away his talent making copies of the masters).
Balzac rarely misses an opportunity to illustrate his novels with references to famous paintings, and "La Bourse" is no different: " Adelaide came behind the old gentleman's armchair and leaned her elbows on the back, unconsciously imitating the attitude given to Dido's sister by Guérin in his famous picture."
Balzac also deals brilliantly with those disciplines of the arts which are dear to him and which distinguish "La Comédie humaine", treating them with a meticulousness and a precision which still astonish experts today:
Balzac is a great storyteller and creator of fables. "La Bourse" is a subtle fable in which an artist – one who, by definition, is skilled in the art of observation – must try and make sense of the conflicting signs he observes in Madame de Rouville's apartment, as though he is trying to decipher a work of art. Balzac also portrays in this short novel a social category to which he often returns in "La Comédie humaine": the forgotten victims of Napoleon. Although regarded as a minor work, "La Bourse" illustrates the world of painting in a rather unexpected way. It also sheds light on other works on the same theme, and on Balzac's understanding of art. As such, it represents an important stone in the edifice of La Comédie humaine.

</doc>
<doc id="20392473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392473" title="Committee for Social Development">
Committee for Social Development

The Committee for Social Development is a Northern Ireland Assembly committee established to advise, assist and scrutinise the work of the Department for Social Development and Minister for Social Development (currently Nelson McCausland). The committee also plays a key role in the consultation, consideration and development of new social development legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="20392477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392477" title="HSTR LAN">
HSTR LAN

HSTR LAN, or High Speed Turkish Remote LAN, is utilized in areas where conventional networking and communication become difficult or impossible, as in the far-eastern corners of Turkey, mainly in places like Diyarbakir.
HSTR LAN utilizes an ultra-short frequency of 1.923 gigahertz (GHz)and can upload data with speeds up to 195 gigabits (Gb) in blocks of 19 with a sample rate of 19.

</doc>
<doc id="20392528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392528" title="31st Tactical Reconnaissance Training Squadron">
31st Tactical Reconnaissance Training Squadron

The 31st Tactical Reconnaissance Training Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with 363d Tactical Reconnaissance Wing at Shaw Air Force Base, South Carolina, where it was inactivated on 18 February 1971.
The squadron was first activated as the 31st Pursuit Squadron for the air defense of the Panama Canal shortly before the United States entered World War II. It served in this role until 1944 when the reduced threat to the canal and the Caribbean permitted its transfer to the United States, where it was inactivated.
The squadron was reactivated a few months later as an element of the 412th Fighter Group, the first Army Air Forces unit equipped with jet fighters. It was inactivated in 1946 when the 412th group and its squadrons were replaced by elements of the 1st Fighter Group.
In 1953, the squadron was activated as the 31st Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, an air defense unit in the Pacific northwest. It was inactivated two years later in a major realignment ot Air Defense Command fighter unit designations. It was again active in the air defense role from 1956 to 1958 in Michigan and Alaska.
Its last active period was as a tactical reconnaissance training unit for RF-4C Phantom II aircrews from 1969 to 1971,
History.
World War II.
Defense of the Panama Canal.
The squadron was constituted in 1939 as the 31st Pursuit Squadron and activated on 1 February 1940 at Albrook Field, Panama Canal Zone as one of the original squadrons of the 37th Pursuit Group. The unit was part of the build-up of the Canal Zone's defenses as war approached. It was initially equipped with a mixture of second-line pursuit aircraft, including Boeing P-26A Peashooters, Northrup A-17 Nomads, and some North American BC-1s. The mission of the squadron was air defense of the Panama Canal. In July 1941, the Squadron started re-equipping with new Curtiss P-40 Warhawks. The Squadron was briefly moved to Rio Hato Field on 5 October 1940 and, following a month there, returned to Albrook on 13 November, where it remained until 24 November 1941.
After the Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor, the Squadron was moved to La Chorrera Army Airfield where it shared the field with the 30th Pursuit Squadron. The unit operated as an element of the Panama Interceptor Command. On 15 May 1942, the squadron's designation was changed to 31st Fighter Squadron. In September 1942, the unit moved from Albrook to Howard Field and started to convert to Bell P-39 Airacobras. In December, "E" Flight was moved to San Jose Airport, Costa Rica where it was almost immediately reassigned to the 53d Fighter Squadron.
The unit served out the remainder of its Panama tour at several airfields until April 1944, and was moved to the United States as Sixth Air Force eliminated or transferred combat units in view of the reduced threat to the Panama Canal and Caribbean. The squadron was to become a single-engine fighter Replacement Training Unit for Second Air Force at Lincoln Army Airfield, Nebraska, but it was inactivated seven weeks after it arrived at Lincoln.
First Jet Fighters.
The squadron was activated once again as part of the 412th Fighter Group, which was located at Muroc Army Airfield, California in August 1944. It became a testing unit for the Bell P-59 Airacomet and Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star jet aircraft under Fourth Air Force. The squadron served in a training role for transitioning pilots from piston-engine to jet engine fighters. The squadron provided Army Air Forces pilots and ground crews with valuable data about the difficulties and pitfalls involved in converting to jet aircraft. This information proved quite useful when more advanced jet fighters finally became available in quantity. The squadron was inactivated in July 1946 and its mission, personnel, and equipment were transferred to the 71st Fighter Squadron as the AAF replaced the 412th with the 1st Fighter Group.
Air Defense.
The squadron was reactivated as the 31st Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, an element Air Defense Command at Larson Air Force Base, Washington in early 1953 and assigned to the 4702d Defense Wing. At Larson the squadron was equipped with HVAR rocket armed and airborne intercept radar equipped North American F-86D Sabre interceptors. The squadron was engaged in the air defense of the Pacific Northwest. In the summer of 1955 ADC implemented Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars and associate them with their traditional headquarters. As a result, the mission, personnel and equipment of the 31st were transferred to the 322d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron IAW ADC "Project Arrow".
The squadron was again reactivated in 1956 at Wurtsmith AFB, Michigan and equipped with supersonic Convair F-102 Delta Daggers armed with the AIM-4 Falcon missile. The following year it moved to Elmendorf AFB, Alaska Territory where it performed intercepts of intruding aircraft as part of Alaskan Air Command, arriving in Alaska. The squadron was inactivated in October 1958 and its aircraft were reassigned to the 317th Fighter Interceptor Squadron.
Reconnaissance Training.
The 31st was redesignated as the 31st Tactical Reconnaissance Training Squadron and reactivated under Tactical Air Command (TAC) at Shaw AFB, South Carolina in 1969, where it assumed the mission, personnel and equipment of 4414th Combat Crew Training Squadron, which was discontinued. This was part of TAC's program to replace its Major Command controlled (MAJCON)units with USAF controlled (AFCON) units that were able to carry a permanent lineage and history. The squadron conducted RF-4C Phantom II training for tactical reconnaissance aircrews. The squadron was inactivated in 1971 due to reduced training requirements, and its aircraft assigned to the 33d Tactical Reconnaissance Training Squadron.
References.
Bibliography.
Further reading

</doc>
<doc id="20392534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392534" title="Auguste Marion">
Auguste Marion

Auguste Marion (born July 11, 1876, date of death unknown) was a French sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Paris.
In 1912 he was a member of the French team which finished fourth in the team free rifle event. In the 300 metre military rifle, three positions competition he finished 40th and in the 600 metre free rifle event he finished 63rd.

</doc>
<doc id="20392541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392541" title="Studenten Techniek In Politiek">
Studenten Techniek In Politiek

Studenten Techniek In Politiek (STIP) (English: Technology Students In Politics) is a local political party in the Netherlands. STIP was founded in 1993 and is run solely by students. As such STIP is, worldwide, the oldest active political party that is completely run by students. As of today only two successful examples of student parties being able to win seats in town hall exist. The members of this local political party deliberately rotate their seats after 1 year in town hall (instead of the regular four years) to combine their function with their studies. STIP is a unique democratic example of student involvement in local politics.
In many student cities there are conflicts between the regular civilian population of the city and its student population. Often this conflict remains unresolved partly because of under-representation of students within official representative organs such as town hall. The concept of a student party as a way to increase student representation in local government was named as one of the best case practices to increase student friendliness of European cities.
The branch of STIP in the city of Delft has been taking part in the local town hall elections since 1994. A majority share of the members of the party are students of Delft University of Technology. During the election of 1994 the party gained one out of 37 seats of town hall and became part of the opposition. As of 2006, the part occupies 2 out of 37 seats in town hall and takes part in the governing coalition.
Ideology.
Since the members of STIP are from all different political background one cannot speak of a specific ideology other that of a pragmatic view on local problems. STIP is not affiliated with a national political party. In the last years STIP has been part of local majority coalitions together with the PvdA (Labour Party), VVD (Liberals), GroenLinks (Green party) and D66 (Democrats). This gives a hint to the personal ideological preferences of the student members.
The lack of a classical political ideology has so far not proven a major obstacle during elections.
History.
STIP was founded in 1993 by members of the university student council. Their aim was to improve the cooperation between the University and the municipality and to improve the relation between the student and the civilian population.
Election results.
The amount of votes and seats STIP has gained during the elections (the Delft city council has 37 members and 5 deputy mayors):
The concept of a student party.
Involvement of student in local politics is a novelty. Only two such examples exist. The other example being "Student en Stad". Similar examples in other cities have tried but not succeeded. STIP has consulted in failed attempts by students in Eindhoven ("Eindhovense Studenten") and Leiden ("WijLeiden").
Other examples of students running on a personal basis also exist:

</doc>
<doc id="20392542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392542" title="March on Washington Movement">
March on Washington Movement

The March on Washington Movement (MOWM), 1941–1946, organized by A. Philip Randolph and Bayard Rustin as a tool to organize a mass march on Washington, D.C., was designed to pressure the U.S. government into desegregating the armed forces and providing fair working opportunities for African Americans. Despite its name, the March on Washington Movement did not lead to an actual march on Washington during this period, as Randolph's requests were met before one could be organized. Martin Luther King was heavily influenced by Randolph and his ideals.
Background.
State of the nation.
In the lead-up to the United States' entry into World War II, there was an enhanced awareness in the black community of the hypocrisy of defending America against Nazi racism while allowing discrimination in all sectors of life and business to exist in America.
By fall of 1940 the American economy was emerging from the Depression. The defense boom benefited whites, but black workers were denied these opportunities because of racial discrimination in those fields. Some Government-instituted training programs even excluded blacks on the assumption that it was foolish to train them at all, and many skilled black workers with proper training went unhired. The president of the North American Aviation Co., that year, was quoted as saying "While we are in complete sympathy with the Negro, it is against company policy to employ them as aircraft workers or mechanics ... regardless of their training... There will be some jobs as janitors for Negroes." It was in this climate that the March on Washington Movement was born.
Purpose of the march.
The March on Washington Movement was an attempt to pressure the United States government and President Franklin D. Roosevelt into establishing protections against discrimination. A. Philip Randolph was the driving force behind the movement. Randolph formed and led the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, beginning in 1925, and his experience in grassroots organizing and union involvement provided a foundation for his leadership in the March on Washington Movement, in which the organization of middle and lower class members was so important. Randolph's method of independence from white sources of power was evidenced when he said of the movement, "If it costs money to finance a march on Washington, let Negroes pay for it. If any sacrifices are made for Negro rights in national defense, let Negroes make them..."
Leadership.
Randolph's leadership and strategy defined the nature of the March on Washington Movement. His reliance on grassroots activism and African-American media and organizations can be traced back to his early childhood. His father was an African Methodist Episcopal (AME) preacher, and Randolph heard parishioners as they complained about the state of race relations and discrimination. He and his brother were privately tutored, and raised to believe that they were "as intellectually competent as any white". Randolph's goals were no less ambitious than his character and rhetoric. On September 26, 1942, after the MOWM had influenced policy change in Washington, Randolph reiterated that the fight was ongoing, despite some gains. He said, "Unless this war sound the death knell to the old Anglo-American empire systems, the hapless story of which is one of exploitation for the profit and power of a monopoly-capitalist economy, it will have been fought in vain."
Women in the movement.
The Women's Auxiliary was a group of mostly wives and relatives of the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters. They were active within the MOWM primarily through fundraising and community efforts, as well as working broadly to promote ideas of "concepts of black manhood, female respectability, and class consciousness."
Chronology.
Early lobbying efforts to desegregate the military previous to 1941 did not persuade President Roosevelt to take action. On September 27, 1940, the first delegation composed of A. Philip Randolph, Walter White (NAACP), and T. Arnold Hill (National Urban League), met with President Roosevelt and members of topmost governmental levels. The delegation presented a memorandum demanding immediate integration of all blacks in the armed services. The response was a White House issued statement saying, "The policy of the War Department is not to intermingle colored and white enlisted personnel in the same regimental organizations."
These types of public statements made clear the relative ineffectiveness of traditional means of pressuring the government. On January 25, 1941, A. Philip Randolph officially proposed a March on Washington to "highlight the issue."
In the following months, chapters of the MOWM began to organize for a mass march scheduled for July first of that year. Predictions during the spring had the number of marchers at about 100,000.
Just a week before the march was to take place, an "alarmed President Roosevelt issued Executive Order 8802, establishing the first Fair Employment Practices Committee (FEPC)". Mayor La Guardia of New York City met with MOWM leadership and informed them of the president's intentions. 
Before the order was signed, the MOWM demanded, in addition to the establishment of the FEPC, that war industries would be desegregated. FDR agreed and issued Executive Order 8802. This was a major victory for the movement, and so Randolph agreed to cancel the march. He continued the March on Washington Movement as a way of holding the FEPC to its mission.
The MOWM continued rallies throughout the summer, but the high water mark had passed. The movement's continued call for nonviolent civil disobedience alienated some black organizations, such as the NAACP, who withdrew some of its support for the MOWM. Despite the movement's creation as a tool to fuel a specific march on Washington, the MOWM existed until 1947, organizing with other groups to continue pressures on the federal government.
Media effect.
While mainstream media had a role in the perception of the movement, it was African-American media outlets that most meaningfully portrayed the MOWM. Early in the spring of 1941, black newspapers displayed a level of skepticism at the movement's lofty goals. The "Chicago Defender" worried whether even "2,000 Negroes would march".
The tone changed, however, as the date of the march approached. By May, black newspapers began to fuel the flames, and "The Amsterdam News" ran the front page headline: "100,000 in March to Capitol." If it was a simply tactic of bluffing, the same tactic was shared by black press as a whole. "The Chicago Defender", after its initial skepticism, "spoke of 50,000 preparing for a March for jobs and justice".
Communist appeal.
The MOWM had a peculiar relationship with communist organizations in the U.S. While the idea of proletariat uprising was attractive to some Communists, "they constantly drew a line between the 'job-march' and its 'war-mongering leadership.'" Randolph used various tactics to avoid Communist membership in the March on Washington Movement. One of the most effective was restricting membership to African Americans. Although this didn't exclude black Communists, only a small percentage of the disciplined Communist party members were black.

</doc>
<doc id="20392554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392554" title="Fred McAlister">
Fred McAlister

Fred Early McAlister (March 1, 1928 – November 23, 2008) was an American minor league baseball player and Major League Baseball scout and front-office executive who spent 63 years in the St. Louis Cardinals organization. He served as the team's Director of Scouting from 1980 until 1993. Fred had 3 daughters with Charlotte; Kathy Stewart, Kelly Verret, and Kara Ragusa. Charlotte was the love of his life.
McAlister was signed by the Cardinals out of high school and played in the team's minor league system from 1945 until 1960, including as a player-coach or player-manager. He was the team's assistant farm director from 1967 to 1969. From 1969 until 1979, he was the scouting supervisor and special assignment scout for the Cardinals.
He was the scouting director for the Cardinals from 1980 to 1993. In this role, he achieved a string of successful draft picks, with 12 of 13 of the team's first round draft picks in the amateur draft making it to the Major Leagues. From 1981 through 1987, all seven of the team's picks made it to the majors, which were infielder Bobby Meacham (1981), pitcher Todd Worrell (1982), outfielder-first baseman Jim Lindeman (1983), pitcher Mike Dunne (1984), pitcher Joe Magrane (1985), infielder Luis Alicea (1986) and pitcher Cris Carpenter (1987). Whitey Herzog, who had managed the team from 1980 to 1990, noted McAlister's ability to find talent, stating that "Every year we'd be picking between 15th and 22nd, but he'd always have his first-rounder get to the big leagues." 70 of the players he selected in the amateur draft played for the Cardinals and another 17 played in the majors for other teams. After stepping down as director of scouting, he remained with the team as a special assignment scout until his death.
McAlister died at age 80 on November 23, 2008 in Katy, Texas. A cause of death was not immediately disclosed.

</doc>
<doc id="20392595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392595" title="NK Sloga Bosanska Otoka">
NK Sloga Bosanska Otoka

Nogometni Klub "Sloga" is a football club from Bosanska Otoka in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The club is currently playing in Druga liga FBiH (Second League of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina).

</doc>
<doc id="20392623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392623" title="Committee for Finance and Personnel">
Committee for Finance and Personnel

The Committee for Finance and Personnel is a Northern Ireland Assembly committee established to advise, assist and scrutinise the work of the Department of Finance and Personnel and Minister for Finance and Personnel (currently Nigel Dodds). The committee also plays a key role in the consultation, consideration and development of new legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="20392654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392654" title="Martyn Holland">
Martyn Holland

Martyn Holland (born ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a .
First Division Grand Final Appearances.
Martyn Holland played , in Wakefield Trinity's 24-22 victory over Featherstone Rovers in the 1998 First Division Grand Final at McAlpine Stadium, Huddersfield on Saturday 26 September 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20392665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392665" title="Healthy Life Years">
Healthy Life Years

The Healthy Life Years indicator (HLY) is a European structural indicator computed by Eurostat. It is one of the summary measures of population health, known as health expectancies, composite measures of health that combine mortality and morbidity data to represent overall population health on a single indicator. HLY measures the number of remaining years that a person of a certain age is expected to live without disability. It is actually a disability-free life expectancy.
History.
The European Union has decided to include a small set of health expectancies among its European Community Health Indicators (ECHI) to provide synthetic measures of disability, chronic morbidity and perceived health. Therefore the Minimum European Health Module (MEHM), composed of 3 general questions covering these dimensions, has been introduced into the Eurostat EU-Statistics on Income and Living Conditions Survey (EU-SILC) to improve the comparability of health expectancies between countries. In addition life expectancy without long term activity limitation, based on the disability question, was selected in 2004 to be one of the structural indicators to be examined every year, during the European Spring Council for assessing the EU strategic goals (Lisbon Strategy) under the name of “Healthy Life Years” (HLY)'".
Detailed information on the Health Expectancies in Europe are available from the EurOhex Advanced research on European health expectancies while last Healthy Life Years values can be found on the general public website devoted to the Healthy Life Years.
Context.
Dramatic increases in life expectancy in the most developed countries - and therefore in the countries of the European Union - constitute one of the most remarkable advances of the last decades. But why prolong life if this is to be accompanied by increases in severe mental and physical impairment? Thus a further challenge confronts the European Community:
In this context, the classical mortality indicators are no longer sufficient to monitor the health status of European populations. The availability of health expectancy indicators dividing life expectancy into life spent in different states of health is useful to health authorities in the field of public health and health policies provided that these indicators allow comparisons over time and between geographic areas and between socio-economic groups in society. As the post-war generation reaches retirement, the pace of ageing will increase dramatically in our European societies, with profound social effects. HLY is an important indicator :

</doc>
<doc id="20392680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392680" title="The Modern Tribe">
The Modern Tribe

The Modern Tribe is the second studio album from Baltimore's Celebration. It was released on October 8, 2007. The album was released on 4AD.

</doc>
<doc id="20392686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392686" title="Glen Tomlinson">
Glen Tomlinson

Glen Tomlinson (born ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Caboolture, Batley Bulldogs (twice), Bradford Bulls, Hull, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a , or . A stand at Batley Bulldogs' ground, Mount Pleasant, is named after Glen Tomlinson.
Club Records.
Glen Tomlinson scored 124 tries during his two spells with Batley, breaking the Batley club record for tries in a career, which had been set by Wattie Davies way back in 1912, who had scored 123 tries in 421 matches.
Financial Crisis At Wakefield Trinity Wildcats.
In 2000, at the height of a financial crisis at Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, the contracts of all players aged over 24 were terminated during September 2000. The players affected were; Andy Fisher, Bobbie Goulding, Warren Jowitt, Tony Kemp (player-coach), Steve McNamara, Francis Maloney, Martin Masella, Steve Prescott, Bright Sodje, Francis Stephenson, and Glen Tomlinson.

</doc>
<doc id="20392715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392715" title="Rob Spicer">
Rob Spicer

Rob Spicer is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers, Wakefield Trinity, York and Dewsbury, as a , or .

</doc>
<doc id="20392730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392730" title="1970–71 KNVB Cup">
1970–71 KNVB Cup

The 53rd edition of the KNVB Cup started on August 15, 1970. The final was played on May 20, 1971: Ajax beat Sparta 2–1 and won the cup for the sixth time.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on August 15 and 16 1970. Cupholders Ajax E received a bye for this round.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on November 8, 1970. The following clubs received a bye: Fortuna Sittard, FC Twente, Holland Sport, HFC Haarlem, Sparta Rotterdam and SC Drenthe.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played on March 14, 1971.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on April 7 and 8 1971.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on April 21 and 22 1971.
Final.
The final was played on May 20, 1971.
Sparta would participate in the Cup Winners' Cup, since Ajax finished second in the Eredivisie, already qualifying for the European Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20392741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392741" title="Andy Fisher">
Andy Fisher

Andy Fisher is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, and coach of the 2000s, playing at club level for Castleford, Hull, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and Dewsbury Rams, playing at , or 12, and coaching at club level for Dewsbury Rams, Sharlston Rovers, and Eastmoor Dragons.
First Division Grand Final Appearances.
Andy Fisher was a substitute in Wakefield Trinity's 24-22 victory over Featherstone Rovers in the 1998 First Division Grand Final at McAlpine Stadium, Huddersfield on Saturday 26 September 1998.
Financial Crisis At Wakefield Trinity Wildcats.
In 2000, at the height of a financial crisis at Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, the contracts of all players aged over 24 were terminated during September 2000. The players affected were; Andy Fisher, Bobbie Goulding, Warren Jowitt, Tony Kemp (player-coach), Steve McNamara, Francis Maloney, Martin Masella, Steve Prescott, Bright Sodje, Francis Stephenson, and Glen Tomlinson.

</doc>
<doc id="20392744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392744" title="Tuula Laaksalo">
Tuula Laaksalo

Tuula Kaarina Laaksalo (born April 21, 1953 in Rovaniemi, Finnish Lapland) is a retired javelin thrower from Finland, who was among the best female javelin throwers in the world in the 1980s. She twice competed for her native country at the Summer Olympics: 1984 and 1988.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20392754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392754" title="Povl Gerlow">
Povl Gerlow

Povl Gerlow (August 19, 1881 – June 1, 1959) was a Danish sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vig, Trundholm, Zealand and died in Copenhagen.
In 1912 at the Stockholm Games he participated in the following events:
Eight years later he finished eighth in the 600 metre military rifle, prone competition at the Antwerp Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20392765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392765" title="Troy Slattery">
Troy Slattery

Troy Slattery (born ) is a retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. He played at club level for South Sydney Rabbitohs, Huddersfield Giants, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a .

</doc>
<doc id="20392780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392780" title="Pamela Nicholson">
Pamela Nicholson

Pamela M. Nicholson is a U.S. businesswoman. She is President and Chief Executive Officer of Enterprise Holdings. In 2007 she was also inducted in the Fortune (magazine) Top 50 Most Powerful Women list as number 44. In 2009, Forbes included her among their 100 Most Powerful Women as number 89.
Career with Enterprise.
Nicholson began her career at Enterprise Rent A Car in 1981 as a Management Trainee in St. Louis. In 9 months she was promoted to an Assistant Manager Position. Inside of one year she moved to the rapidly growing Southern California group. Once there she promoted herself through the company to the top tier position of Regional Vice President of the Southern California Group in 12 years. During her work there the group grew 26,000 cars and continues to be one of the company's largest groups.
In 1994 Nicholson was promoted to Corporate Vice President in St. Louis and was given 10 groups to oversee. While there, she was considered instrumental in establishing the National Preferred Provider Rental Agreements between Enterprise Rent A Car and many of the auto manufacturers. In 1997 she moved back into rental as the General Manager of the New York group. She spent two years there increasing fleet growth and doubling profitability. Pam then was promoted to Senior Vice President of North American Operations in 1999. In 2003 she became Chief Operating Officer and President in 2008.
On June 4th, 2013 it was announced that she would assume the role of Chief Executive Officer. Pam is not only the first female CEO in the company's history, but also the first that is not a member of the Taylor family of St. Louis. Her predecessor, Andrew "Andy" Taylor, son of founder Jack Taylor, will continue to stay involved with company activities as Executive Chairman.

</doc>
<doc id="20392784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392784" title="Shane Kenward">
Shane Kenward

Shane Kenward (born ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Gold Coast Chargers, St. George Dragons, Salford, Wakefield Trinity and North Queensland Cowboys, as a .

</doc>
<doc id="20392792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392792" title="Committee for the Environment">
Committee for the Environment

The Committee for the Environment is a Northern Ireland Assembly committee established to advise, assist and scrutinise the work of the Department of the Environment and Minister of the Environment (currently Mark H. Durkan). The committee also plays a key role in the consultation, consideration and development of new legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="20392797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392797" title="Dallas Hood">
Dallas Hood

Dallas Hood (born ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Sydney Roosters, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a .
Hood played for the Sydney Roosters from the interchange bench in their 2000 NRL Grand final loss to the Brisbane Broncos.

</doc>
<doc id="20392798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392798" title="Helena Laine">
Helena Laine

Sirpa Helena Laine (born March 30, 1955 in Helsinki) is a retired female javelin thrower from Finland. She competed for her native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics, finishing in 11th place (58.18 metres).
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20392812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392812" title="SPQR (disambiguation)">
SPQR (disambiguation)

SPQR is an initialism from a Latin phrase, "Senātus Populusque Rōmānus".
SPQR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20392822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392822" title="Justin Brooker">
Justin Brooker

Justin Brooker (born ) is an Indigenous Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Sydney Roosters, Western Suburbs Magpies, Bradford Bulls, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and South Sydney Rabbitohs, as a .
Brooker had recently turned 21 when he made his debut with the South Sydney Rabbitohs, scoring two tries on debut. He was again named at fullback for the next two weeks.
In 1999, Brooker joined the Western Suburbs Magpies. He played mostly at centre. Despite a poor season from the Magpies (they won just 3 of the 22 games Brooker played in), he scored 9 tries, including 2 doubles. He was the last player to score for the Magpies before they merged with Balmain Tigers in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20392848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392848" title="Philipp Gonon">
Philipp Gonon

Philipp C. Gonon (born 15 October 1955 in Flensburg, Germany) is a Swiss educationist with his main focus on vocational education and training studies and continuing education.
Education and professorship.
Gonon studied Law and Journalism from 1974 until 1976 at the University of Fribourg, Switzerland. Afterwards he continued studying Pedagogy at the University of Zurich, Switzerland, and at the Free University of Berlin, Germany. From 1986 until 1992 he became research assistant and lecturer at the Institute of Pedagogy of the University of Bern, Switzerland where he finished his postdoctoral lecture qualification in 1997. From 1999 until 2004, Gonon was appointed to Full University Professor at the Chair of Vocational and Operational Further Education at the University of Trier in Germany. Since 2004, Gonon has held the Chair of Vocational Education and Training and Vocational Teacher Training at the University of Zurich, Switzerland.
Topics of research.
Gonon has done research about Georg Kerschensteiner, the relation of schooling and vocation and about the European educational reforms. He specialised in the areas of historical and international comparative educational research. In addition, Gonon does research in quality assurance and evaluation, modularization in Vocational Education and he publishes about Philosophy and Theory of Vocational Education.
Philipp C. Gonon is co-editor of the Erziehungswissenschaftliche Revue“ (online-journal), the journal Education permanente“ and of the Series Education Studies in Vocational and Continuing Education“ of the Peter Lang publishing house.

</doc>
<doc id="20392850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392850" title="Rapala dieneces">
Rapala dieneces

The Scarlet Flash, "Rapala dieneces" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Burma, North India, Assam, Bengal, Malaya, Singapore, Sumatra, Borneo, Nias and the 
Philippines 

</doc>
<doc id="20392852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392852" title="Josephs Mills, West Virginia">
Josephs Mills, West Virginia

Josephs Mills is an unincorporated community in Tyler County, West Virginia, United States. It was the birthplace for Cecil H. Underwood, who was the Governor of West Virginia from 1957 to 1961, and from 1997 to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20392854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392854" title="Mark Applegarth">
Mark Applegarth

Mark Applegarth (born in Newton Hill, Wakefield) is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers, Wakefield Trinity, York Central Queensland Comets and Batley, as a , or . He also represented the Great Britain Schoolboys in 2002 against the Australian School Boys. He was released from his contract with York in June 2010 to pursue a career in Australia. Applegarth played for the Central Queensland Comets based in Rockhampton in the Queensland Cup competition. For the 2012 season Applegarth has signed for Batley under his former Wakefield Trinity coach John Kear.

</doc>
<doc id="20392863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392863" title="Amanda Husberg">
Amanda Husberg

Amanda Husberg (born 1940 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American composer of hymns.
Education.
She received her B.S. in Education in 1962, from Concordia Teachers College, in Seward, Nebraska where she majored in Organ, studying with Jan Bender. She taught elementary school for two years at Redeemer Lutheran School in Westfield, New Jersey before going to Brooklyn to do parish work. She received her M.S. in Early Childhood Education from Hunter College in New York City.
Career.
Before her retirement, Husberg worked for thirty-six years as a Director in one of the 450 New York City publicly funded day care centers.
For 50 years she has been the Director of Music at St. John the Evangelist Lutheran Church, now a multicultural congregation in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn. On June 10, 2000 she was presented with the SERVANT OF CHRIST award from the Atlantic District of the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod for her contribution to the greater church in the field of music, specifically in the area of hymns/congregational song.
Composing.
Husberg has 190 hymn tunes published in the United States, Canada, Brazil, the U.K, and China. Her hymns are in hymnals and supplements published by a variety of publishers and denominations, including the popular Methodist supplement, "The Faith We Sing", which also includes her most popular tune, Jennings-Houston, now published in six different hymnals and supplements, including "Lutheran Worship". She has written two liturgical masses, one of which, The Brooklyn Mass, is currently being used at her church. She also has several choral pieces published.
Her own book of 47 tunes to new texts (including 8 of her own) "When You Pass Through the Waters", was published by Wayne Leupold Editions, Inc., in 2005. A new collection of 70 tunes was published in 2012 with texts by Lutheran poet and hymn text writer, Gracia Grindal. The texts and tunes cover Lectionary year B, New Testament readings. She has also composed 15 psalm songs for 2 part choir with refrains for the congregation, texts by Richard Leach. Both parts have instrumental descants. This Psalter was published by Concordia Publishing House in 2012.
When Husberg first came to St. John’s Church, it was entirely African-American. Through the years she has played spirituals, jazz, gospel, and a variety of other styles of music, from Johann Sebastian Bach to Andraé Crouch. All this is reflected in the variety of styles she writes in for her hymns, with a special love of early American pentatonic music and gospel music.
She is a member of the Hymn Society in the United States and Canada and credits them with nurturing her hymn writing efforts. She writes for congregational singing, believing that we do sing with one voice, young and old, people of all walks of life, new singers and experienced singers. Together we sing praise to the One who accepts all our praise, no matter how beautiful it is, or how humble it may be. She is also a member of the American Composers Forum, the Assoc. of Lutheran Church Musicians, and ASCAP, from which she has received yearly Awards since 2001.
The Requiem Mass for Terrance Lindall.
Husberg has completed a resurrection requiem mass "A Feast Prepared", written at the request of Terrance Lindall, a renowned artist of Lutheran upbringing whose illustrations for John Milton's Paradise Lost are the most famous of the 20th century for the subject. The text of the requiem mass is new, and written by Lutheran sacred poet and hymn writer, Richard Leach. The Requiem was premiered in Elizabethtown, KY the weekend of March 5 and 6, 2011. According to the composer Amanda, it definitely stands as "the answer to Paradise Lost." 
What people have said about the requiem:
"One can compare it to a road which leads the believing soul to the final Resurrection banquet, to join all of Christ's disciples in thankfulness, joy and triumph." D. Sida Hodoroaba-Roberts, The Elizabethtown Area Sacred Community Choir (Kentucky) 
"It is with great joy that I hear this wonderful requiem! It will continue to give me faith, comfort and inspiration!"[https://sites.google.com/site/terrancelindallsparadiselost/about-terrance-lindall/the-husberg-leach-requiem-for-terrance-lindall] Terrance Lindall
Terrance Lindall painted her into his Paradise Lost Altarpiece to honor her and Richard Leach for their efforts on the requiem. A signed and dedicated copy of the requiem is in the collection of the Yuko Nii Foundation and the renowned Robert J. Wickenheiser Milton collection[http://miltonsociety.org/?page_id=794] along with full sized Giclee prints of the altarpiece signed by Lindall.

</doc>
<doc id="20392871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392871" title="Eaton Electric Generating Plant">
Eaton Electric Generating Plant

The Eaton Electric Generating Plant is a three-unit coal-fired power plant located in Forrest County, in Petal, Mississippi. Each of the three units generates 22.5 Megawatts (MW) of electricity, with a total plant capacity of 67.5 MW. The plant draws cooling water from the Leaf River. 
Named for Barney Eaton, Mississippi Power's first president, the plant was the first high-pressure steam plant in the state of Mississippi and the first plant built by Mississippi Power Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Southern Company. Plant Eaton made headlines when it was built in 1945 as it was the largest and most modern plant of its day. The first unit came on line March 22, 1945. 
Originally, Plant Eaton was intended to generate electricity to aid the United States in production of materials for World War II; however, the plant’s largest contribution turned out to be producing power for the boom in electricity demanded following the war. As of the late 1990s, its use was limited to meeting peak demands during the summer. 

</doc>
<doc id="20392874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392874" title="Frants Nielsen">
Frants Nielsen

Frants Nielsen (January 22, 1874 – June 6, 1961) was a Danish sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Alum, Purhus Municipality and died in Randers.
In 1912 at the Stockholm Games he participated in the following events:

</doc>
<doc id="20392896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392896" title="The Beauty Created LP">
The Beauty Created LP

Jesse Boykins III's The Beauty Created LP is an opus of new classics that inspire the excitement of infatuation, the wistfulness of summer romance and the nostalgia of a Spike Lee joint. The album boasts an unabashed admiration of romance intertwined with Jesse’s organic tone, innovative sound and live instrumentals.
The subjects of the literature of the Romantic Movement focused on the quest for beauty; the faraway, the long-ago, and the lurid; escapism from contemporary problems; and nature as a source of knowledge, refuge, and divinity. – Nathaniel Hawthorne
Tracklisting.
All Songs Written by Jesse Boykins III (ASCAP)
Mastered by Ron Schaffer for Atlantic West Studios Brooklyn, NY
Art Design: DrWooArt
Tabloids (Machine Drum Remix) Bonus Track (ASCAP)
Tabloids (Melo-X House Remix) Bonus Track (ASCAP)

</doc>
<doc id="20392921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392921" title="Warren Jowitt">
Warren Jowitt

Warren Jowitt (born ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, and current coach, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC, Bradford Bulls, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Salford City Reds, Hull, and Dewsbury Rams, as a , or , and coaching at club level for Dewsbury Rams, and France (assistant).
Financial Crisis At Wakefield Trinity Wildcats.
In 2000, at the height of a financial crisis at Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, the contracts of all players aged over 24 were terminated during September 2000. The players affected were; Andy Fisher, Bobbie Goulding, Warren Jowitt, Tony Kemp (player-coach), Steve McNamara, Francis Maloney, Martin Masella, Steve Prescott, Bright Sodje, Francis Stephenson, and Glen Tomlinson.

</doc>
<doc id="20392928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392928" title="Equianalgesic">
Equianalgesic

An equianalgesic (or opioid) chart is a conversion chart that lists equivalent doses of analgesics (drugs used to relieve pain). Equianalgesic charts are used for calculation of an equivalent dose (a dose which would offer an equal amount of analgesia) between different analgesics.
Format.
Equianalgesic tables are available in different formats, such as pocket-sized cards for ease of reference. A frequently-seen format has the drug names in the left column, the route of administration in the center columns and any notes in the right column.
Purpose.
There are several reasons for switching a patient to a different pain medication. These include practical considerations such as lower cost or unavailability of a drug at the patient's preferred pharmacy, or medical reasons such as lack of effectiveness of the current drug or to minimize adverse effects. Some patients request to be switched to a different narcotic due to stigma associated with a particular drug (e.g. a patient refusing methadone due to its association with opioid addiction treatment). Equianalgesic charts are also used when calculating an equivalent dosage of the same drug, but with a different route of administration.
Precautions.
Equianalgesic chart are a useful tool, but the user must take care to correct for all relevant variables such as route of administration, cross tolerance, half-life and the bioavailability of a drug. For example, the narcotic levorphanol is 4–8 times stronger than morphine, but also has a much longer half-life. Simply switching the patient from 40 mg of morphine to 10 mg of levorphanol would be dangerous due to dose accumulation, and hence frequency of administration should also be taken into account.
There are other concerns about equianalgesic charts. Many charts derive their data from studies conducted on opioid-naïve patients. Patients with chronic (rather than acute) pain may respond differently to analgesia. Repeated administration of a medication is also different from single dosing, as many drugs have active metabolites that can build up in the body. Patient variables such as sex, age, and organ function may also influence the effect of the drug on the system. These variables are rarely included in equianalgesic charts.
Morphine-centric chart.
Opioids are a class of compounds that elicit analgesic (pain killing) effects in humans and animals by binding to the μ-opioid receptor within the central nervous system. The following table lists commonly used opioid drugs and their relative potencies. Values for the potencies of opioids listed on this table are given as taken orally unless another route of administration is provided. As such, their bioavailabilities differ, and they may be more potent when taken intravenously. Methadone is different from most opioids considering its potency can vary depending on how long it is taken. Acute use; 1–3 days, yields a potency about 4× stronger than that of morphine and chronic use (7 days+) yields a potency about 7–8× that of morphine due to methadone being stored in fat tissue, thus giving higher serum levels with longer use.

</doc>
<doc id="20392947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392947" title="Geothermal Energy Association">
Geothermal Energy Association

Geothermal Energy Association (GEA) is a U.S. trade organization composed of U.S. companies who support the expanded use of geothermal energy and are developing geothermal resources worldwide for electrical power generation and direct-heat uses. GEA advocates for public policies that will promote the development and utilization of geothermal resources, provides a forum for the industry to discuss issues and problems, encourages research and development to improve geothermal technologies, presents industry views to governmental organizations, provides assistance for the export of geothermal goods and services, compiles statistical data about the geothermal industry, and conducts education and outreach projects.
Headquartered in Washington, D.C., GEA represents the U.S. geothermal energy industry in congressional lobbying efforts, compiles and publishes data relating the geothermal installations and the state of the industry, represents the industry to the media and the general public, and hosts conferences and workshops for its member companies.
The Executive Director of GEA is Karl Gawell.

</doc>
<doc id="20392989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20392989" title="Ochamchire Municipality">
Ochamchire Municipality

Ochamchire Municipality is an administrative unit in the Georgian Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia. The capital of the district is Ochamchire. Ochamchire district has boundaries with Gulripsh and Gali districts of Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia and Tsalenjikha Municipality of Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti. 

</doc>
<doc id="20393001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393001" title="Hans Denver">
Hans Denver

Hans Peter Christian Denver (October 28, 1876 – September 18, 1961) was a Danish sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Osted, Lejre and died in Copenhagen.
In 1912 he was a member of the Danish team which finished fifth in the 50 metre team small-bore rifle competition. He also participated in the 300 metre free rifle, three positions event but did not finished the contest.

</doc>
<doc id="20393010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393010" title="Daahoud">
Daahoud

Daahoud is an album by Max Roach and Clifford Brown released on Mainstream Records in 1973 consisting of alternate takes of tracks recorded in 1954 for the albums "Brown and Roach Incorporated" and "Clifford Brown & Max Roach".
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4½ stars stating "Anything with Clifford Brown belongs in a jazz (or American music) collection". 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Clifford Brown except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="20393013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393013" title="Samuel Cockburn (physician and homeopath)">
Samuel Cockburn (physician and homeopath)

Dr. Samuel Cockburn (b. Mar. 17, 1823 in Duns, d. July 7, 1915 in Glasgow) was a conventionally trained, for the time, Scottish physician who, early in his medical career, was won over by the principles of homeopathy. In the mid to late 19th century he was an outspoken defender of homeopathy and a critic of the medical establishment of the time, which practised what is now termed Heroic medicine.
Samuel Cockburn was born into a family of shoemakers in Duns, a market town that was the county seat of Berwickshire in the Scottish Borders. As a young man he worked as an apothecary on the Square in Duns. In 1848 he completed a MD degree from the University of St Andrews and received a Licentiate from the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh (RCSEd). At this time the medical community in Edinburgh had already for some years been animated by a heated debate between the medical establishment (including such notable figures as Professor James Syme, Professor Sir James Simpson and Professor Sir Robert Christison) and proponents of the alternative medical system of homeopathy advocated at the University by Professor William Henderson, Professor Charles Ransford (a Fellow and former Treasurer of the RCSEd) and others. Efforts to expel Henderson from the RCSEd had already been made repeatedly in the 1840s and 1850s, but without success.
Cockburn was evidently won over by the alternative medical system, and spent the first 14 years of his medical career as the physician at the Dundee Homeopathic Dispensary (opened on June 16, 1849). In January 1856 he completed a book, titled "Medical Reform", which was aimed at a broad readership and was published both in Great Britain and the United States. The book appeared at a critical time when the appropriate directions of necessary medical reform were being widely debated. In 1857 Prof. Syme published his second open letter to the Prime Minister, Lord Palmerston, calling for medical reforms that would require strict conformity with the conventional practices advocated by the RCSEd. Cockburn's work is both a strongly worded critique of conventional medical practices of that time (e.g. bloodletting and the ill-informed use of potentially dangerous medicines) as well as a vigorous defense of homeopathy. It attempts to discredit the medical establishment by giving examples of contradictory treatments recommended by contemporary medical theory (which Cockburn called allopathy, a derogatory term used by homeopaths). The book also denounced the "heavy-handed" attempts by the RCSEd to pressure its members (including himself) to avoid the "quackery" of homeopathy.
In 1862 Cockburn moved to Glasgow, where he practiced homeopathy for the rest of his career. As well as practicing homeopathy at his clinic, Cockburn continued to lecture and publish articles on homeopathy. He was an active member of the British Homeopathic Society and a well-known member of the homeopathic community in Glasgow in the late 19th century.
In his retirement, Cockburn wrote two books that expounded on his convictions concerning the relationship between science and religion.

</doc>
<doc id="20393014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393014" title="HUD-1 Settlement Statement">
HUD-1 Settlement Statement

The HUD-1 Settlement Statement is a standard form in use in the United States of America which is used to itemize services and fees charged to the borrower by the lender or broker when applying for a loan for the purpose of purchasing or refinancing real estate. HUD refers to the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
The borrower has the right to inspect the HUD-1 one day prior to day of settlement. The form is filled out by the settlement agent who will conduct the settlement.
Since 2010, the HUD-1 settlement statement also contains what is referred to as a Good Faith Estimate or GFE. This additional set of figures specifies estimated settlement figures provided by the lender upon application of the loan.
Borrowers may compare their Good Faith Estimate to the HUD-1 Settlement Statement and ask their lender or broker about any changes.

</doc>
<doc id="20393057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393057" title="Committee for Enterprise, Trade and Investment">
Committee for Enterprise, Trade and Investment

The Committee for Enterprise, Trade and Investment is a Northern Ireland Assembly committee established to advise, assist and scrutinise the work of the Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment and Minister for Enterprise, Trade and Investment (currently Arlene Foster). The committee also plays a key role in the consultation, consideration and development of new legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="20393063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393063" title="Cathy Cahlin Ryan">
Cathy Cahlin Ryan

Cathy Cahlin Ryan is an American actress best known for playing the character of Corrine Mackey on the police drama "The Shield". 
A native of Miami, Florida, Ryan has also appeared in numerous television productions, including "Numb3rs, Judging Amy, Family Matters, Monk, The Unit, Severence Pay, ", "Lie to Me" (Season 2, Episode 19), "The Chicago Code" and "Justified".
She is married to Shawn Ryan, creator of "The Shield" and "The Chicago Code", and they have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20393064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393064" title="Oscar Peterson and Harry Edison">
Oscar Peterson and Harry Edison

Oscar Peterson and Harry Edison is a 1974 album by Oscar Peterson, accompanied by Harry "Sweets" Edison. 

</doc>
<doc id="20393066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393066" title="Esma Sultan (daughter of Abdülaziz)">
Esma Sultan (daughter of Abdülaziz)

Esma Sultan (1873–1899) was the daughter of Ottoman Sultan Abdülaziz by Neşerek (Nesrin) Haseki Kadın Efendi.
Esma Sultan was born on March 21, 1873 in Dolmabahçe Palace in Constantinople to Sultan Abdülaziz's fifth wife Haseki Nesrin Kadınefendi (1848–1876) as the second child. She had an older brother, Shehzade Mehmed Şevket Efendi (June 5, 1872 - October 22, 1899). She was soon followed by another sibling, Emine Sultan (August 24, 1874 - January 29, 1920).
Following her father Sultan Abdülaziz's deposition on May 30, 1876 and death a few days later, she was taken into the harem of Sultan Abdülhamid II at the age of three.
She was married on April 20, 1889 at the age of 16 to Damad Çerkes Mehmed Pasha (1856 - May 24, 1909) in Yıldız Palace. Her husband was a general in the Ottoman Army and first aide-de-camp to Abdülhamid II. From this marriage came four sons and one daughter:
Esma Sultan died on May 7, 1899 and was interred in Murad V Mausoleum at Yeni Cami in Eminönü, Constantinople.

</doc>
<doc id="20393080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393080" title="Richard Newlove">
Richard Newlove

Richard Newlove is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing at club level for Featherstone Rovers (twice), Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Doncaster, and Sheffield Eagles, as a .

</doc>
<doc id="20393085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393085" title="Erkki Niemi">
Erkki Niemi

Erkki Olavi Niemi (born April 18, 1962 in Vaasa) is a retired high jumper from Finland. He competed for his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics, finishing in 9th place (2.24 metres).
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20393087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393087" title="322d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron">
322d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron

The 322d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with Air Defense Command stationed at Kingsley Field, Oregon. It was inactivated on 1 July 1968.
History.
Activated in the summer of 1942 as part of I Fighter Command. Flew early-model Republic P-47B Thunderbolts as part of the air defense of New York in the early part of World War II. Became a P-47D Thunderbolt Operational training unit (OTU), being stationed in New England, then reassigned to III Fighter Command and moved to North Carolina in 1943 as a Replacement Training Unit (RTU). Inactivated on 1 May 1944 as part of a reorganization of training units. 
Reactivated in 1955 at Larson AFB, Washington where the squadron was equipped with F-86D Sabre Interceptors. Was upgraded to the North American F-86L Sabre, an improved version of the F-86D which incorporated the Semi Automatic Ground Environment, or SAGE computer-controlled direction system for intercepts. The service of the F-86L destined to be quite brief, since by the time the last F-86L conversion was delivered, the type was already being phased out in favor of supersonic interceptors.
Moved to Kingsley Field, Oregon in 1959 and was re-equipped with new McDonnell F-101B Voodoo supersonic interceptor, and the F-101F operational and conversion trainer. The two-seat trainer version was equipped with dual controls, but carried the same armament as the F-101B and were fully combat-capable. Operated the Voodoos until July 1968, the aircraft being passed along to the Air National Guard and the squadron inactivated as part of the general drawdown of the ADC active-duty interceptor force.

</doc>
<doc id="20393095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393095" title="Charles Gough (artist)">
Charles Gough (artist)

Charles Gough (1784 – April 1805) was an artist of the early English romantic movement in the 18th and 19th centuries. He did not achieve significant fame in his lifetime, but after his mysterious death in 1805, he became seen as a martyr, and an icon of the romantic vision. The story of his death was visualised by some of the leading poets and artists of the period.
Death.
Gough was a tourist visiting the Lake District from Manchester in April 1805, when on 17 April he decided to walk over Helvellyn to Grasmere. He took his dog, Foxie, with him and set off via Striding Edge. He was never seen alive again. Three months later on 27 July a shepherd heard barking near Red Tarn, and on investigating, discovered Foxie beside the body of her master. The shepherd summoned assistance, and a crowd returned to the scene. They collected skeletal remains and some of Gough's belongings, which included fishing tackle, a gold watch, silver pencil and two Claude glasses. Also recovered was Gough's hat, which had been split in two. From this it was surmised that he had fallen to his death from the treacherous Striding Edge. Foxie was found to have not only survived the months beside her dead master, but had also given birth to a puppy, which died shortly afterwards. The healthy dog and the skeletal remains of Gough led a Carlisle newspaper to report "The bitch had pupped in a furze near the body of her master, and, shocking to relate, had torn the cloaths from his body and eaten him to a perfect skeleton." Another report suggested that Gough had been eaten by ravens. 
Mystery surrounded the circumstances of Gough's death, not only as to how he had died but why he had attempted the dangerous ascent of Helvellyn without a guide. Gough had been contracted by a local artist to copy drawings, but was renowned for being adventurous to the point of taking dangerous risks. Thomas Clarkson, who had met him reported afterwards that Gough was a "venturesome person" whose headstrong nature had caused the local shepherds alarm". Gough was to have been guided by a man who was a volunteer in the local militia, but who was busy on parade that day. Gough's body was subsequently buried in the Quaker graveyard in Tirril.
Impact.
The nature of Gough's death, in search of the romantic ideal and subsequently guarded by his dog inspired both poets and artists to interpret the scene and so elevate Gough to the level of a martyr to the romantic vision. Such interpretations stressed man's bond with nature, as represented by the faithful dog contrasted with the wildness and savagery of the landscape that caused his death. Francis Danby and Edwin Landseer painted the scene, Landseer titling his "Attachment". The painting was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1830, accompanied by the poem "Helvellyn", written about the death by Sir Walter Scott. William Wordsworth also produced a poem describing the scene, entitled "Fidelity". Wordsworth lived in the lakes, and had brought both Scott and the chemist Humphry Davy to see the spot where Gough's body was found.
Gough's demise was investigated by Simon Morley in "The Unfortunate Tourist of Helvellyn", and is commemorated today in an ale brewed by the Tirril Brewery entitled 'Charles Gough's Old Faithful'.

</doc>
<doc id="20393104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393104" title="Agrotis innominata">
Agrotis innominata

Agrotis innominata is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the coastal regions of New Zealand and is the only Agrotis species which is endemic to New Zealand.
The wingspan is 36–39 mm for males, and 28–31 mm for females. The moth flies from May to December.
The larvae feed on Ammophila arenaria.

</doc>
<doc id="20393107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393107" title="Justin Ryder">
Justin Ryder

Justin Ryder (born in Nepean) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing at club level for Newcastle Knights, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a .

</doc>
<doc id="20393120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393120" title="Aulis Akonniemi">
Aulis Akonniemi

Aulis Juhani Akonniemi (born December 16, 1958 in Soini) is a retired shot putter from Finland. He competed for his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics, finishing in 9th place (18.98 metres) in the overall-standings.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20393121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393121" title="Tattersall (cloth)">
Tattersall (cloth)

Tattersall describes a check or plaid pattern woven into cloth. The pattern is composed of regularly-spaced thin, even vertical warp stripes, repeated horizontally in the weft, thereby forming squares. 
The stripes are usually in two alternating colours, generally darker on a light ground. The cloth pattern takes its name from Tattersall's horse market, which was started in London in 1766. During the 1700s at Tattersall's horse market blankets with this checked pattern were sold for use on horses. 
Today tattersall is a common pattern, often woven in cotton, particularly in flannel, used for shirts or waistcoats. Traditional shirts of this cloth are often used by horseback riders in formal riding attire, and adorned with a stock tie. 

</doc>
<doc id="20393139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393139" title="Nose filter">
Nose filter

A nose filter or nasal filter is an air filter designed to fit inside the human nostrils to prevent the nasal inhalation of allergens, pollutants, and irritants such as dust, smoke, and foul odors. They are generally not intended for protection against toxic or injurious materials such as asbestos.
The filters are available in various sizes, and typically have a center clip to facilitate insertion and removal. They are made in a variety of colors. Some designs incorporate an adhesive tab.

</doc>
<doc id="20393145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393145" title="List of awards and nominations received by Moonlighting (TV series)">
List of awards and nominations received by Moonlighting (TV series)

Moonlighting is an American television series that aired on ABC from March 3, 1985, to May 14, 1989. The network aired a total of 66 episodes (67 in syndication as the pilot is split into two episodes). Starring Bruce Willis and Cybill Shepherd as private detectives, the show was a mixture of drama, comedy, and romance, and was considered to be one of the first successful and influential examples of comedy-drama, or "dramedy", emerging as a distinct television genre.

</doc>
<doc id="20393171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393171" title="Paolo Antonio Rolli">
Paolo Antonio Rolli

Paolo Antonio Rolli (13 June 1687 – 20 March 1765) was an Italian librettist and poet.
He was born in Rome, Italy and like Metastasio was trained by Gian Vincenzo Gravina. He worked in London from 1715 to 1744 where he became Italian tutor to the prince of Wales and the Royal Princesses . During this period, he wrote librettos for numerous Italian operas including Handel's "Floridante" (1721), "Muzio Scevola" (1722), "Riccardo Primo" (1927) and "Deidamia" (1741). He also worked frequently with composer Giovanni Bononcini writing and adapting numerous librettos for him including his popular "Griselda" (1722). In December 1729 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society.
In 1744 he returned to Italy and wrote poetry, cantata texts, satires and translations and also published an Italian verse translation of Milton's "Paradise Lost", widely considered the finest in any language.
He died in Todi, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20393172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393172" title="Committee for Employment and Learning">
Committee for Employment and Learning

The Committee for Employment and Learning is a Northern Ireland Assembly committee established to advise, assist and scrutinise the work of the Department for Employment and Learning and Minister of Employment and Learning (currently Stephen Farry). The committee also plays a key role in the consultation, consideration and development of new legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="20393194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393194" title="Institute for European Environmental Policy">
Institute for European Environmental Policy

Institute for European Environmental Policy (IEEP) is an independent, not for profit policy studies institute, a green think tank and a leading centre for the analysis and development of environmental policy in Europe and beyond. It has a strong reputation among national and European policy-makers and non-governmental organisations. The Institute has offices in London and Brussels and a network of partners in other countries, which are particularly strong in the 27 Member States of the EU. These include universities, environmental and professional associations in a range of sectors, research institutes and consultancies. IEEP brings a non-partisan analytical perspective to policy questions, engaging in both pressing short-term questions and long-term strategic studies.
History.
IEEP was originally established in Bonn in 1976 by the European Cultural Foundation (ECF). Its first director was Konrad von Moltke who believed that an institute in Bonn, whatever it was called, would be seen as a German institute, and that to be truly European it was necessary to have a presence in several European countries. So he opened an IEEP office in Paris in 1978 and in London in 1980. Konrad established a monthly bulletin initially in French and then also in English called ‘The Environment in Europe’. This continued for about ten years and was sent to MPs and MEPs, Committees of parliaments that were beginning to take an interest in this new subject of environmental policy, as well as to ministries.
The London office was initially run as a joint venture with the International Institute for Environment and Development (IIED) that had been founded by Barbara Ward. The IEEP ‘office’ consisted of a desk at their premises at Percy Street, then occupied by twenty or so people, including the fledgling Earthscan. IEEP London’s first director was Nigel Haigh who stayed until 1998.
Four projects were planned in the first six months, one of which had to be postponed and modified. They are worth describing as they point to the future.
They were:
- a comparison of public enquiries in Britain and France
- a study of the effects of the Common Agricultural Policy on wetland drainage in France, Britain, Netherlands and Ireland
- a critique of a European freight forecasting study, and
- an extended essay on the impact of EEC environmental legislation in the UK
Over time structural and financial problems appeared. The head office was in Bonn; the accounts were kept by ECF in Amsterdam in florins but were often so late that they provided little basis for financial management; there were staff in four countries on the payroll of different organisations. The IEEP Board responded by initiating two debates between staff and Board, one about the purpose of IEEP, and the other about its structure. The current director David Baldock took over the running of the London office in 1998. The Brussels office was opened in 2001 as the importance of being close to the EU power structures was realised.
Work.
IEEP conducts research and analysis providing consultancy and information services, undertaking work both independently and on commissioned projects. IEEP’s work focuses primarily on EU environmental and sustainable development policies, and relevant aspects of other policies such as agriculture, transport, rural and regional development, climate change, industrial pollution and fisheries. The Institute is also actively engaged in the development of policy at the national level in Europe. IEEP seeks both to raise awareness of the policies that shape the European environmental agenda and to advance policy-making along sustainable paths. IEEP can boast strong expertise across the breadth of EU environmental policy and associated issues with teams specialising in nature conservation, agriculture and rural development policy, fisheries and marine environment, transport, climate change and energy, industrial pollution and waste, sustainable development, impact assessment, environmental integration and governance. IEEP staff come from a broad variety of disciplines including biologists, ecologists, environmental scientists, lawyers, economists and journalists.
IEEP’s clients and audience include the European Commission, European Parliament, national and local governments, non-government organisations (NGOs), industry and others who contribute to the policy debate. It has regular contacts with the full range of policy actors. IEEP has established a reputation among national and European policy-makers and NGOs, both for its expertise on environment and related policies in Europe and for the independence and integrity of its work.
Publications.
Manual of Environmental Policy: the EU and Britain [http://www.europeanenvironmentalpolicy.eu/] This is a comprehensive online manual produced by IEEP and published by Earthscan, which is updated twice per year to include all EU environmental policy developments.

</doc>
<doc id="20393202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393202" title="Matawan and Holmdel Turnpike">
Matawan and Holmdel Turnpike

The Matawan and Holmdel Turnpike was a proposed turnpike in New Jersey, running west from a point on the Holmdel and Keyport Turnpike to Middletown Point, now Matawan. The proposed route may have included Church Street (County Route 45) and Bethany Road.
The Matawan and Holmdel Turnpike was chartered on March 11, 1862. It was never built.

</doc>
<doc id="20393244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393244" title="Austin Turfcats">
Austin Turfcats

The Austin Turfcats were a professional indoor football team that was a member of the Indoor Football League during the 2010 season, after being a charter member of the Southern Indoor Football League for the SIFL's inaugural 2009 season. Based in Texas' capital city of Austin, the Turfcats played their home games at Luedecke Arena at the Travis County Exposition Center. This was Austin's fourth attempt at an indoor football team; the prior three were the Indoor Professional Football League's Texas Terminators (1999), the National Indoor Football League's Austin Knights/Austin Rockers (2002–2003), and the Arena Football League (later af2's) Austin Wranglers (2004–2008) (the former two of which played in Luedecke Arena before the Turfcats).
Chris Duliban was the team's head coach. He earned his first indoor coaching opportunity as the defensive coordinator of the Indoor Professional Football League's Texas Terminators. Duliban was the head coach for the Centex Barracudas of the Intense Football League in 2008.
Season-by-season.
!Totals || 13 || 11 || --

</doc>
<doc id="20393253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20393253" title="Iakovos Theofilas">
Iakovos Theofilas

Iakovos Theofilas (, born October 22, 1861, date of death unknown) was a Greek sports shooter. He competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Career.
Theofilas was born in Athens.
In 1906, he finished 18th in the free rifle, free position event. He also participated in the 200 m army rifle competition but did not finished the contest.
Six years later at the 1912 Summer Olympics he participated in the following events:

</doc>
