<doc id="20452997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20452997" title="Neeraj Shridhar">
Neeraj Shridhar

Neeraj Shridhar is an Indian singer-songwriter who is lead vocalist of a pop and rock group Bombay Vikings. He is a popular Bollywood playback singer, music director and lyricist. Bombay Vikings became popular with remix hits like "Kya Soorat Hai," "Woh Chali" and "Chod Do Anchal."
Early life.
Neeraj Shridhar hails from Jalandhar, Punjab in India. 
Career.
Bombay Vikings.
Bombay Vikings is a pop and rock group that combines Indian and classical music. It was formed in 1994. The band was originally started by Neeraj Shridhar. The group caused a sensation in India as well as overseas among the Indian music community due to its unusual combination of classical Bollywood style. It has been one of the most notable musical groups in India to emerge in the past decade. It is the first group to produce songs in Hinglish, i.e., a mix of Hindi and English. This idea of combining the two languages to produce a beautiful and melodious song first came to the mind of the frontman of Bombay Vikings, Neeraj Shridhar. Nowadays, Shridhar also sings as the playback singer for many Bollywood films and has delivered many hits in recent years.
In 2008, he signed for a five-year artist management contract by music label T-Series.
Neeraj enjoyed listening to both western and Indian classical songs. He formed his band, "Bombay Vikings" in 1994, which performed at many places in Europe. The band mainly performed English songs with Neeraj adding a strong Indian influence. After some years, most of the band members got separated, but Neeraj chose to keep the name of the band for forming another band with the remaining members, but this time, he was ready to perform in India.
Rise of Bollywood career.
Neeraj started working as a Bollywood playback singer in 2006 with the song "Tumko Dekha" for the film "God Tussi Great Ho" starring Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra, although this film got released later. In the year 2006 his songs "Halke Halke" in "Honeymoon Travels Pvt. Ltd." and "Bhagam Bhaag" from "Bhagam Bhaag" were huge hits, which opened all the doors for him to be successful in Bollywood as well. The video of the song "Bhagam Bhaag" was the most expensive Bollywood video produced.
After this, Neeraj tasted a huge amount of continuous success in Bollywood. Right from the beginning of 2007, he delivered hits like "Ticket To Hollywood" ("Jhoom Barabar Jhoom"), "Heyy Babyy" ("Heyy Babyy"), "Ishq Subhanallah" ("Mere Baap Pehle Aap"), "Ishq Ka Kalma" ("Dhan Dhana Dhan Goal"), and the biggest of them all "Bhool Bhulaiyaa" ("Bhool Bhulaiyaa"), commonly known as "Hare Raam Hare Raam." This Akshay Kumar star song was the biggest hit of the year and was nominated for the Filmfare Awards with the songs "Ticket To Hollywood" and "Heyy Baby." Neeraj also co-wrote the song "Bhool Bhulaiya" with Sameer.
Success continued when Neeraj gave hit after hit. Soon he gained the experience of working with almost all the main Bollywood music directors. Till date he has worked with Sajid-Wajid, Salim-Sulaiman, Pritam, Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, Vishal-Shekhar, Nadeem-Shravan, Anu Malik, Sandesh Shandilya, Aashish Pandit, and many more. He has mostly worked with Pritam. Although he has never worked with Salim-Sulaiman on a Bollywood song, he worked with them for the song of the famous television reality show "Khatron Ke Khiladi", the Indian version of "Fear Factor".
Success in Bollywood.
In 2008, Neeraj had all of his songs superhits. He sang the following songs for their respective films: 'Race Saanson Ki', 'Race Is On My Mind' and 'Sexy Lady' ("Race"), 'Chandni Chowk To China' ("Chandni Chowk To China"), 'Love Mera Hit', and 'Rockin' And Reelin' ("Billu"), 'Vacancy' and 'Tha Karke' ("Golmaal Returns"), 'Aai Paapi' ("Kismat Konnection"), 'O Re Lakad' ("Krazzy 4"), 'Nobody Like You' ("Mission Istanbul"), 'Soniyo' ("Raaz – The Mystery Continues"), 'Bas Ek King' and 'Talli Hua' ("Singh Is Kinng"), 'Sooni Sooni Raahein' and 'Main Ro Na Padoon' ("Hum Phir Mile Na Mile"), 'Pom Pom Pom' ("Horn OK PLeasss"), 'Samandar' ("Mr. White Mr. Black"), 'Khalbali' and 'Bhuri Bhuri' ("Khalbali"). This year he sang for a number of Bollywood actors, such as Saif Ali Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Ajay Devgn, and Shahid Kapur. Neeraj sang a Telugu song called 'Om Namaste Bolo' from the film "Ready", starring Genelia D'Souza. Neeraj wrote and sang the songs 'Ae Aa o' ("Billu"), 'Vacancy' ("Golmaal Returns"), and 'Aayaare' ("Kolkata Knight Riders- 2 Hot 2 Cool").
Neeraj sang songs like ' Pal Yeh Aane Wala Pal' (Dhoondte Reh Jaaoge), 'Aaja Mahi' (8 x 10 Tasveer), Prem Ki Naiyya' (Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani), 'You Are My Love' (All The Best), 'Bebo' and 'Beautiful Woman' (Do Knot Disturb), 'Tension Lene Ka Nahi' (Jugaad), 'Jashn Hai Josh Hai' (Kal Kissne Dekha), 'Lakh Lakh Nakhre' (Kambakkht Ishq), 'Twist', 'Chor Bazari', and 'Aahun Aahun' (Love Aaj Kal), 'Tum Mile' (Tum Mile), 'Shiri Farhad' (Dulha Mil Gaya), 'Pe Pe Pein' (Chance Pe Dance).
In the year 2010, Neeraj slowed down on working on Bollywood songs, due to his involvement in his own album. Neeraj sang 'Mera Jeena Hai Kya' ("Aashayein"), which is altogether a different kind of song from what he had done in the past. Another recent song of his is the song 'Kya' from the Emran Hashmi-starrer film "Crook: It's Good To Be Bad". This is his most recent hit. Neeraj also sang the songs 'Ale' and 'Desi Kali' of the film "Golmaal 3", and 'Ajab Leher' of the film "Break Ke Baad", starring Imran Khan and Deepika Padukone.
In 2011, Neeraj sang song like 'Rab Sab Se Sona' ("F.A.L.T.U"), 'Character Dheela' (Ready), 'Full Volume', 'Pyaar Mein' from (Thank You), 'Rascals', 'Parda Nasheen' from (Rascals), 'Jhak Maar Ke' from (Desi Boyz).
He received wide recognition after performing at Hans Raj College Festival "Confluence 2011" on 4 February 2011.
In 2012 Neeraj sang songs like 'Papa Toh Band Bajaye' ("Housefull-2"), 'I'll do the talking (steal the night)' in "Agent Vinod" and 'Tumhi Ho Bandhu' ("Cocktail").
On 20 December 2012 he performed in Hyderabad during Qualcomm's annual event Qutumbotsav.
On 21 December 2012 he performed in Pune during Cybage's Annual Bash at Magarpatta city.
On 8th February 2014 he performed in Noida during Amity University's annual fest AYF.
Personal life.
Neeraj is married and has one son, Neevan and one daughter, Rohini
Music director.
8 x 10 Tasveer (3 April 2009) (Released)

</doc>
<doc id="20452999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20452999" title="West Highland Creek">
West Highland Creek

West Highland Creek is a river in Scarborough, part of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, a tributary of Highland Creek in the Lake Ontario drainage basin. The creek and its tributaries are entirely within the old City of Scarborough, and it provides the watershed for the northwest of the city.
Course.
West Highland Creek begins in L'Amoreaux Park in Steeles neighbourhood, just west of Kennedy Road and north of McNicoll Avenue, at an elevation of . It flows southwest, under McNicoll Avenue into L'Amoreaux neighbourhood, exits the park and passes under Birchmount Road and Finch Avenue. Just south of Finch Avenue, West Highland Creek takes in a right tributary unnamed creek. The creek then turns south and takes in another right tributary unnamed creek. It then turns southeast into Tam O'Shanter-Sullivan neighbourhood, passes again under Birchmount Road and into Tam O'Shanter Golf Club. West Highland Creek flows under Kennedy Road into Agincourt South-Malvern West neighbourhood and under Sheppard Avenue. It heads south under a grade-separated junction of a Canadian National Railway track (used by the GO Transit Stouffville line) and a Canadian Pacific Railway mainline. The creek flows south under Highway 401, loops west then back east under the Canadian National line, and turns east at the Scarborough RT line west of Midland Avenue. It passes under Midland into Bendale neighbourhood, then turns south under Ellesmere Road into Birkdale Ravine Park.
West Highland Creek then flows under Brimley Road into Thomson Memorial Park, then under McCowan Road into Woburn neighbourhood and further under Lawrence Avenue. It takes in the right tributary Southwest Highland Creek at an elevation of , passes under Bellamy Road, and takes in an unnamed right tributary creek at an elevation of . The creek heads east through Cedarbrook Park, under Markham Road and into Scarborough Golf and Country Club. It then heads northeast into Highland Creek Park, takes in an unnamed left tributary creek arriving from Curran Hall Ravine, and passes back under Lawrence Avenue. Finally, West Highland Creek enters Morningside Park and reaches its mouth at Highland Creek at an elevation of .
Geology.
The creek travels through a glacial ravine formed after the last Ice Age.
Natural history.
West Highland Creek is home to several species of fish including trout, carp, and bass.
Recreation.
Lands adjacent to the creek provide significant recreational space for the centre of Scarborough. These are anchored by L'Amoureaux Park, one of the largest in Scarborough at and with major sports facilities, and Thomson Memorial Park. There are also two golf courses: the private Scarboro Golf & Country Club, in area and opened in 1914, and the public Tam O'shanter. Cycling and walking trails line the entire course of the creek, with the exception of a central section around Highway 401 and on the private land of Scarboro Golf & Country Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20453042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453042" title="At the Villa Rose (novel)">
At the Villa Rose (novel)

At the Villa Rose is a 1910 detective novel by British writer A.E.W. Mason featuring his character Inspector Hanaud.
Film adaptations.
The story has been adapted three times for the screen, first in a 1920 silent version starring Manora Thew and then in further versions in 1930 starring Austin Trevor and in 1940 when the main role was played by Kenneth Kent.
Plot.
In Monte Carlo, a murder is committed in a villa near the city. Hanaud one of the best detectives is called to investigate the crime.

</doc>
<doc id="20453085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453085" title="At the Villa Rose (1920 film)">
At the Villa Rose (1920 film)

At the Villa Rose is a 1920 British silent detective film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Manora Thew and Langhorn Burton. It is based on the 1910 novel "At the Villa Rose" by AEW Mason. Two other film adaptations, both in sound, were made in 1930 and 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="20453097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453097" title="HMS Assistance">
HMS Assistance

Ten ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Assistance":

</doc>
<doc id="20453123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453123" title="Pozdrav iz zemlje Safari">
Pozdrav iz zemlje Safari

Pozdrav iz zemlje Safari (trans. "Greetings from the land of Safari") is the third studio album by former Yugoslav band Zabranjeno Pušenje released in 1987.
Track listing.
Lyrics and Music by Dr. Nele Karajlić and Sejo Sexon, except where noted. Arranged by Dr. Nele Karajlić and Sejo Sexon.
Legacy.
Theater play.
In 2006, first-year dramaturgy student Vladimir Đurđević wrote a script based on the song "Balada o Pišonji i Žugi" as an assignment at the University of Arts' Faculty of Dramatic Arts (FDU). Though the script mostly relies on "Balada o Pišonji i Žugi", it also references other Zabranjeno pušenje songs such as "Pamtim to kao da je bilo danas", "Lutka sa naslovne strane", "Hadžija il bos", "Murga drot", "Guzonjin sin", and "Pišonja i Žuga u paklu droge". In the original script, Đurđević placed the plot in summer 1990 on the eve of the Yugoslavia vs. Germany match at the 1990 World Cup with two lifelong friends from Sarajevo (Pišonja, a Muslim who's a fan of FK Sarajevo, and Žuga, a Serb pulling for FK Željezničar) trying to get to Dubrovnik.
The script got staged under the direction of Slađana Kilibarda, premiering on 20 November 2010 as "Zbogom žohari" at Toša Jovanović Theater in Zrenjanin. Kilibarda decided to make a few modifications to Đurđević's script, such as placing the plot a year later in summer 1991, the start of Yugoslav Wars. 
On 11 March 2012, another staging premiered at Belgrade's Atelje 212, directed by Vladan Đurković under the name "Balada o Pišonji i Žugi" with Milan Marić playing the role of Pišonja, Nikola Jovanović as Žuga, Tamara Dragičević as Amila, Ivan Zekić as Guzonjin sin, and Zoran Cvijanović as Murga Drot. In addition to Atelje 212, the play is also performed at Dadov Youth Theater.

</doc>
<doc id="20453125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453125" title="Watson Labs">
Watson Labs

Watson Labs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20453222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453222" title="List of public access channels operated by Dakota Central Telecommunications">
List of public access channels operated by Dakota Central Telecommunications

This lists the Public, educational, and government access (PEG) cable tv channels operated by Dakota Central Telecommunications in the Carrington, Jamestown, North Dakota and surrounding areas. Dakota Central operates Several separate channels for various themed programs:
Central Dakota Telecommunications Consortium.
Channels 94-97 are operated Monday through Friday during the school year.

</doc>
<doc id="20453247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453247" title="William Stewart (footballer born 1910)">
William Stewart (footballer born 1910)

William Todd Stewart (born 29 April 1910, date of death unknown) was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Glasgow. He played for Cowdenbeath, Larne, Manchester United and Motherwell. Stewart represented the Scottish League once, in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="20453248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453248" title="Michael Fonfara">
Michael Fonfara

Michael Fonfara (born August 11, 1946, Stevensville, Ontario, Canada) is a keyboard player who is most notable for his work as a member of The Electric Flag and Rhinoceros in the 1960s, Rough Trade and Lou Reed's backing band in the 1970s and The Downchild Blues Band, from 1990 to the present.
History.
Fonfara's career as a professional musician commenced in 1963, when he started playing in the Toronto band, Lee Jackson & The Checkmates in 1963, which evolved into Jon and Lee & The Checkmates soon afterwards. Members of Jon and Lee & The Checkmates ultimately formed the nucleus of the later bands Rhinoceros and Blackstone, plus contributed significantly to the work of Lou Reed in the 1970s. 
When John and Lee & The Checkmates broke up in September 1967, Fonfara worked briefly with David Clayton-Thomas and then, during the months of November and December, 1967, toured and recorded with The Electric Flag, featuring Buddy Miles and Michael Bloomfield. Fonfara replaced keyboardist and founding Electric Flag member Barry Goldberg. He was then selected by producer Paul Rothchild as a member of the Elektra Records' hand-picked, "supergroup", Rhinoceros, in December 1967. Fonfara was the co-writer of the band's major hit, "Apricot Brandy", and recorded three albums with the group.
Upon the dissolution of Rhinoceros in 1971, Fonfara joined with ex-Rhinoceros bandmates John Finley, Danny Weis, Larry Leishman and Peter Hodgson to form the group Blackstone. The band recorded one album in 1972, "On The Line", again produced by Paul Rothchild, prior to splintering and then breaking up in 1973. Fonfara thereafter commenced working with Lou Reed, an association that continued throughout the balance of the 1970s. In 1976, Fonfara was a member of controversial Toronto-based band Rough Trade, acting as keyboard player and arranger on their first album. He left the band at the end of 1977 in a dispute over payment for his work on Rough Trade's live revue show "Restless Underwear". During the latter part of the 1970s and continuing to 1981, he was a member of the pop rock group Tycoon, based in New York City, which recorded two albums. He also played as a session musician on "Urgent" by Foreigner, a single that reached #4 in the US and #1 in Canada; the single's parent album "Foreigner 4" hit number 1 on Billboard and was certified 6x platinum.
In the 1980s, Fonfara returned to Toronto, where he became a key member of the Canadian R&B band The Lincolns. The Lincolns had been founded by Prakash John, with whom Fonfara had first played in a later version of Blackstone in 1973 and, thereafter, when both were playing and recording with Lou Reed, during the balance of the 1970s. Fonfara continues to play with The Lincolns, while remaining a member of The Downchild Blues Band, which he joined in 1990. In 2000, 2004, 2007 and 2009, he was the recipient of the Maple Blues Award, sponsored by the Toronto Blues Society and regarded as the Canadian equivalent of a Blues Music Award, as "piano/keyboard player of the year". Fonfara's career-based contributions to blues music were recognized through his nomination in 2008 and 2009 for the "Blues With A Feeling" Maple Blues Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20453316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453316" title="James Fisher (footballer)">
James Fisher (footballer)

James Fisher (1876 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Stirling. He played for East Stirlingshire, St Bernard's, Aston Villa, King's Park, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20453377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453377" title="Jimmy Coupar">
Jimmy Coupar

Jimmy Coupar (1869 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Dundee. He played for Dundee Our Boys, St. Johnstone, Rotherham Town, Luton Town, Swindon Town, Linfield, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20453424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453424" title="Male priče o velikoj ljubavi">
Male priče o velikoj ljubavi

Male priče o velikoj ljubavi (trans. "Little stories about a big love") is the fourth studio album by former Yugoslav band Zabranjeno Pušenje released during summer 1989. This was the band's last album before splitting up in early 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20453428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453428" title="Wave Broadband">
Wave Broadband

Wave Broadband is a provider of residential, business, and enterprise class cable TV, broadband internet, and telephone services on the West Coast, currently serving about 400,000 customers within communities in western Washington state, Oregon, Sacramento, California, and the San Francisco Bay Area. Wave Broadband provides services via their fiber-optic network, and uses Northwest Open Access Network as the backbone for most of their service areas in Washington. Their products include high speed internet, digital cable, home phone service, international programming, DVR, HDTV, and TV On Demand. It has over 800 employees. Wave Broadband also sponsors a number of public events. Its slogan is "The products you want, the service you deserve."
The company was founded by its current CEO, Steve Weed, in 2001. It was built by acquiring other, some distressed, cable and broadband companies. In January 2012 Wave purchased the operations of Broadstripe in Oregon and Washington.
Wave Broadband is part of WaveDivision Holdings, LLC, which is headquartered in Kirkland, Washington.
Astound Broadband is a subsidiary of Wave Broadband.

</doc>
<doc id="20453454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453454" title="Mount Shuksan Waterfalls">
Mount Shuksan Waterfalls

There are four prominent waterfalls in the basin of a short tributary of Sulphide Creek, on the southeast flanc of 9,127-foot (2,781m) Mount Shuksan in North Cascades National Park, Washington. Seahpo Peak Falls and Cloudcap Falls, the taller two of the three, are located on separate streams that converge and plunge over Rockflow Canyon Falls. The unnamed outlet stream from these waterfalls flows into Sulphide Creek, which flows into the Baker River. Another waterfall is "Jagged Ridge Falls", on a tributary of the unnamed stream.
Seahpo Peak Falls.
Seahpo Peak Falls, at , is an intermittent waterfall on an unnamed glacial stream coming off Seahpo Peak. The largest (but not tallest) of the waterfalls on Mount Shuksan, it stands about 2,200 feet (670m) high and has 6 distinct tiers, the largest of which drops about 500 sheer feet (152m) .
It is located near the five waterfalls of Sulphide Basin.
Its name stems from a Chinook Jargon word meaning "cap". 
Cloudcap Falls.
Cloudcap Falls, at , is a cascade that drops about 2,400 feet (731m) and runs 5000 feet (1524m) off Jagged Ridge near Mount Shuksan. Although it is slightly taller than Seahpo Peak Falls, it is more seasonal and has a smaller volume, and is essentially a long cascade that does not have any prominent vertical drops.
Rockflow Canyon Falls.
Rockflow Canyon Falls, at , is a 200 foot (60m) horsetail located where the water from Seahpo Peak Falls and Cloudcap Falls converges. It is the final waterfall on the drainage before it empties into the Baker River. In some months it is seen in tandem with a seasonal waterfall of similar height.

</doc>
<doc id="20453463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453463" title="Olegar Fedoro">
Olegar Fedoro

Olegar Fedoro (born 6 March 1958) is a Ukrainian-born former Soviet performer who later became a Spanish and then English actor.
He started with a work for Andrei Tarkovsky's "Stalker" (1979). He is perhaps best known for his roles:
Awards and nominations.
Ibero-American Festival of Short films ABC (FIBABC), Spain
Student Academy Awards, USA
Royal Television Society Award, UK
Philadelphia Documentary & Fiction Festival
Barcelona International Film Festival
Torino International Film Festival

</doc>
<doc id="20453470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453470" title="Willie McDonald">
Willie McDonald

William McDonald (9 December 1908 – 1979) was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as an inside left.
Born in Coatbridge, Lanarkshire, McDonald played for Law Scotia, Airdrieonians, Manchester United, Tranmere Rovers, Coventry City, Plymouth Argyle and East Fife.

</doc>
<doc id="20453478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453478" title="Olla (Roman pot)">
Olla (Roman pot)

In ancient Roman culture, the olla (archaic Latin aula or aulla, Greek χύτρα, "chutra") is a squat, rounded pot or jar. An "olla" would be used primarily to cook or store food, hence the word “olla" is still used in some Romance languages for either a cooking pot or a dish in the sense of cuisine. In the typology of ancient Roman pottery, the "olla" is a vessel distinguished by its rounded “belly,” typically with no or small handles or at times with volutes at the lip, and made within a Roman sphere of influence; the term "olla" may also be used for Etruscan and Gallic examples, or Greek pottery found in an Italian setting.
In ancient Roman religion, "ollae" (plural) have ritual use and significance, including as cinerary urns. In the study of Gallo-Roman art and culture, an "olla" is the small pot carried by Sucellus, by the mallet god often identified with him, or by other gods.
Cookery.
"Olla" is a generic word for a cooking pot, such as would be used for vegetables, porridge, pulse and such. The 1st-century BC scholar Varro gives an "absurd" etymology that derives the word for vegetables, "olera" or "holera", from "olla"; although as a matter of scientific linguistics the derivation may be incorrect, it indicates that cookery was considered essential to the pot's function. Isidore of Seville said that the word "olla" derived from "ebullit", "it boils up," and describes a patera as an "olla" with the sides flattened out more broadly. It was a word of ordinary usage, and does not appear in literary works by Vergil, Horace, and Ovid.
Unlike the "aenum" or cauldron, which hung over the fire from chains, the "olla" had a flat bottom for resting on a hot surface, though it might also be placed directly on logs or coals in rustic cookery. The kitchen reconstructed at the House of the Vettii from Pompeii shows a large "olla" set on a tripod on the stove.
Funerary use.
"Ollae" were used for funerary purposes from earliest times. In Italic inhumations, "ollae" might be placed with the body in the tomb as grave goods, sometimes with a ladle or dipper. A tomb from a 7th-century BC necropolis at Civita Castellana yielded an "olla" decorated with a pair of horses and a Faliscan inscription. From the 3rd century BC (Mid-Republic) into the 2nd century AD of the Imperial era, cremation was the most characteristic means of disposing of a body among the Romans. "Ollae" shifted function to hold cremated remains for entombment, a practice of Etruscan as well as Italic burials. The remains of those of modest means might be contained in earthenware "ollae" placed on the shelves of an "ollarium" or columbarium.
Sacrificial use.
After the performance of an animal sacrifice, a designated portion of the entrails "(exta)" was placed either in an "olla" and boiled, or in oldest times on a spit and roasted, as part of the "cuisine" of sacrifice. The "exta" were the victim's liver, gall, lungs, and the membrane covering the intestines, with the heart added after 275 BC. The "olla" was one of the characteristic implements of sacrifice, and appears in reliefs as such, particularly in the Gallic provinces. The vessel is mentioned, for instance, in Livy's account of a sign "(prodigium)" that manifested divine displeasure: the official presiding over the sacrifice himself poured the cooking liquid out of the "olla" in order to inspect the remaining entrails, which were intact except for the mysteriously liquified liver.
Arval Brethren.
"Ollae" figured in the rituals of the Arval Brethren, the "Brothers of the Fields" who constituted a college of priests dating from Rome's archaic period. The "exta" of the victims used in their sacrifices were placed in an "olla" and cooked. Examples of these earthenware pots have been uncovered by archaeologists in the sacred groves of the Arvals. Their rudimentary technique suggests the great antiquity of the religious traditions associated with them. After conducting their rites, the Arval priests opened the door to the temple, and cast the "ollae" down the slope leading up to it.
Silvanus and the Mallet God.
The name of the woodland god Silvanus appears in inscriptions within the province of Gallia Narbonensis with representations of a mallet, an "olla", or both. The mallet is not a regular attribute of Silvanus, and may be borrowed from the Celtic mallet god sometimes identified with Sucellus.

</doc>
<doc id="20453493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453493" title="Tommy Fitzsimmons">
Tommy Fitzsimmons

Tommy Fitzsimmons (21 October 1870 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Annbank. He played for Annbank and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20453522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453522" title="Konga (film)">
Konga (film)

Konga is a 1961 British/American international co-production science fiction horror film directed by John Lemont and starring Michael Gough, Margo Johns and Austin Trevor. It was shot at Merton Park Studios and in Croydon for Anglo Amalgamated then distributed in the United States by American International Pictures (AIP). Anglo Amalgamated and AIP each provided half the funding for the US$500,000 film with each studio receiving distribution rights in their respective hemispheres. 
The film was the basis for a comic-book series published by Charlton Comics and initially drawn by Steve Ditko (prior to Ditko's co-creation of Spider-Man) in the 1960s.
Plot summary.
British botanist Charles Decker goes insane after he discovers a serum that turns his chimpanzee subject Konga into a ferocious gorilla-sized ape. To further his hideous experiments, Decker mesmerizes the chimp and sends it to London to kill all his former enemies. Among his targets is Bob Kenton, the lover of Sandra Banks, the woman the doctor wants for himself. After Konga strangles Bob to death, Decker attempts to make Sandra his own. This doesn't sit well with Margaret, the botanist's assistant and current girlfriend, who attempts to get even by giving Konga an enormous amount of the strange serum and turns him into an enormous monster, though she becomes his first victim. Just before going on a rampage, the super-sized ape grabs Decker in one of his enormous hands, while Sandra is bitten by Decker's carnivorous plants. His rampage comes to a stop when he and Decker are killed by the British army. Upon his death, he reverts to a chimpanzee.
Production.
Following the incredible success of Herman Cohen's previous British made film "Horrors of the Black Museum" that also featured Michael Gough, Nat Cohen (who was no relation to Herman) of Anglo-Amalgamated asked Cohen for another exploitation film. 
As Cohen had long admired "King Kong" he thought of a giant ape film shot in colour. Due to Cohen's success with his "I Was a Teenage Werewolf", AIP used "I Was a Teenage Gorilla" as the working title. Cohen paid RKO Pictures $25,000 for the rights to the name of Kong for exploitation purposes. Cohen recalled that the special effects for the film that was one of the first giant monster movies shot in colour took 18 months to complete.
Novel and Comic series.
A novelization of the film was released in paperback at the time of its original release ("Konga" by Dean Owen (Monarch, 1960)).
From 1960 to 1965 Charlton Comics published 23 issues of the comic "Konga". It included work by Spider-Man co-creator Steve Ditko. The series was renamed "Fantastic Giants" with issue #24, which turned out to be the last issue of the series.
Konga also appeared in a three issue mini-series that started off as "The Return of Konga", before it was renamed "Konga's Revenge" with issue #2. The series ran from 1962-1964. This was followed by a one shot reprint issue in 1968.
In 1990, Steve Ditko illustrated a back up story in "Web of Spider-Man" annual #6 called "Child Star". In this story Captain Universe creates huge versions of toys based on Gorgo and Konga to battle giant monsters that are attacking the neighborhood. For copyright reasons Konga's name was altered to "Kongo". This sequence was Ditko paying homage to his earlier work with these characters from the 1960s Charlton Comics comic books.
Some of these issues were reprinted (in black and white) in a trade paperback in 2011 called "Angry Apes n' Leapin Lizards".
In August 2013, IDW Publishing reprinted all the issues that artist Steve Ditko worked on (issues 1,3-15 and "Konga's Revenge" #2) as a deluxe hardcover collection called "Steve Ditkos Monsters: Konga".

</doc>
<doc id="20453586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453586" title="Michał Bergson">
Michał Bergson

Michał Bergson (Bergsohn) or Michel Bergson (20 May 18209 March 1898) was a Warsaw-born Polish composer and pianist, promoter of Chopin, son of Gabriel Bereksohn, grandson of Ber Sonnenberg and great-grandson of Zbytkower. Two of his children were an influential French philosopher Henri-Louis Bergson and an artist and occultist Moina Mathers, wife of Samuel Liddell MacGregor Mathers.
He learned from F. Schneider, Carl Friedrich Rungenhagen, and W. Taubert and worked mainly in Italy and Switzerland. In 1863 Michel Bergson became professor at the Conservatory in Geneva, and later was its head. Bergson married later a native of Yorkshire, Katherine Levison, they lived in London, England and France, finally settled there. He died in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20453607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453607" title="The Court Martial of Major Keller">
The Court Martial of Major Keller

The Court Martial of Major Keller is a 1961 British film directed by Ernest Morris and written by Brian Clemens. It stars Laurence Payne, Susan Stephen and Austin Trevor. The film is based around the court martial for murder of Major Keller, a British army officer during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="20453610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453610" title="Rapid Communications">
Rapid Communications

Rapid Communications was a telecommunications company that provided digital cable television, high-speed Internet, and telephone service to rural communities in Alabama, Arizona, California, Nevada, New Mexico, Washington, Oklahoma, Kansas, Arkansas, Texas, Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, North Carolina, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Louisiana and Oregon. It was founded in 2002 by Thomas G. Semptimphelter. It served approximately 84,000 customers.
On December 1, 2008, Shenandoah Telecommunications (Shentel) acquired systems from Rapid Communications in Virginia and West Virginia.
Rapid sold its California and Nevada assets to CalNeva Broadband, LLC of Clovis, California. They own systems in Frazier Park, Chester, Needles, and Winnemucca. 
Its remaining assets were sold to Reach Broadband, LLC and others were sold to Almega Cable, who filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in April and all its systems are now shut down.
Many of its former East Texas communities are now served by Alliance Communications Network, an Arkansas-based cable company.
It is unknown where its other cable systems were sold to.

</doc>
<doc id="20453629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453629" title="Collision (TV series)">
Collision (TV series)

Collision is a five-part television drama miniseries, which debuted on ITV & UTV in November 2009. In the same month, it was also on PBS as a series in two parts. It tells the story of a group of strangers whose lives intertwine following a devastating car crash. The crash opens a number of startling revelations as stories of everything from government cover-ups and smuggling, to embezzlement and murder start to unravel.
The series is open-ended, with a number of unresolved issues; moreover, the story is ostensibly resolved in a metafictional manner with a flashback to an incident in the service station and the swatting of a wasp, which precipitates the initial crash, thus allowing the characters to carry on on their journeys. The wasp as a motif and theme is frequently in evidence throughout the series.
The original British broadcast of "Collision" was edited from the original 5 hours (shown in five parts) down to three and a half hours (210 minutes, shown in two parts). The American broadcast on PBS's "Masterpiece Contemporary", the Australian broadcast on ABC1 and the Region 1 (America and Canada) DVD release all featured the shortened version. In Australia, Foxtel and Austar's W Channel aired "Collision" in its original format of five 45-minute episodes (excluding advertisements), Tuesday, 15 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20453649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453649" title="Quantum pseudo-telepathy">
Quantum pseudo-telepathy

Quantum pseudo-telepathy is a phenomenon in quantum game theory resulting in anomalously high success rates in coordination games between separated players. These high success rates would require communication between the players in a purely classical (non-quantum) world; however, the game is set up such that during the game, communication is physically impossible. This means that for quantum pseudo-telepathy to occur, prior to the game the participants need to share a physical system in an entangled quantum state, and during the game have to execute measurements on this entangled state as part of their game strategy. Games in which the application of such a quantum strategy leads to pseudo-telepathy are also referred to as quantum non-locality games.
In their 1999 paper, Gilles Brassard, Richard Cleve and Alain Tapp demonstrated that winning quantum strategies can exist in simple games for which in the absence of quantum entanglement a winning strategy can result only if the participants were allowed to communicate. The term quantum pseudo-telepathy was later introduced for this phenomenon. The prefix 'pseudo' is appropriate, as the quantum non-locality effects that are at the heart of the phenomenon do not allow any transfer of information, but rather eliminate the need to exchange information between the players for achieving a mutual win in the game.
The phenomenon of quantum pseudo-telepathy is mostly used as a powerful and explicit thought experiment of the non-local characteristics of quantum mechanics. Yet, the effect is real and subject to experimental verification, as demonstrated by the experimental confirmation of the violation of the Bell inequalities.
The Mermin-Peres magic square game.
An example of quantum pseudo-telepathy can be observed in the following two-player coordination game in which, in each round, one participant fills one row and the other fills one column of a 3x3 table with plus and minus signs.
The two players Alice and Bob are separated so that no communication between them is possible. In each round of the game Alice is told which row is selected for her to fill in, and Bob is told which column is selected for him. Alice is not told which column Bob must fill in, and Bob is not told which row Alice must fill in. Alice and Bob must both place the same sign in the cell shared by their row and column. Furthermore (and this is the catch), Alice has to fill the remainder of the row such that there is an even number of minus signs in that row, whilst Bob has to fill the remainder of the column such that there is an odd number of minus signs in that column.
It is easy to see that any prior agreement between Alice and Bob on the use of specific tables filled with + and – signs is not going to help them. The reason being that such tables simply do not exist: as these would be self-contradictory with the sum of the minus signs in the table being even based on row sums, and being odd when using column sums.
So, how can Alice and Bob succeed in their task?
The trick is for Alice and Bob to share an entangled quantum state and to use specific measurements on their components of the entangled state to derive the table entries. A suitable correlated state consists of a pair of Bell states:
here |+> and |-> are eigenstates of the Pauli operator "S""z" with eigenvalues +1 and −1, respectively, whilst the subscripts a, b, c, and d identify the components of each Bell state, with a and c going to Alice, and b and d going to Bob.
Observables for these components can be written as products of the Pauli spin matrices:
Products of these Pauli spin operators can be used to fill the 3x3 table such that each row and each column contains a mutually commuting set of observables with eigenvalues +1 and −1, and with the product of the obervables in each row being the identity operator, and the product of observables in each column equating to minus the identity operator. This so-called Mermin-Peres magic square is shown in below table.
Effectively, while it is not possible to construct a 3x3 table with entries +1 and −1 such that the product of the elements in each row equals +1 and the product of elements in each column equals −1, it is possible to do so with the richer algebraic structure based on spin matrices.
Current research.
It has been demonstrated that the above described game is the simplest two-player game in which quantum pseudo-telepathy can occur. Other games in which quantum pseudo-telepathy occurs have been studied, including larger magic square games, graph colouring games giving rise to the notion of quantum chromatic number, and multiplayer games involving more than two participants.
Recent studies tackle the question of the robustness of the effect against noise due to imperfect measurements on the coherent quantum state. Recent work has shown an exponential enhancement in the communication cost of nonlinear distributed computation, due to entanglement, when the communication channel itself is restricted to be linear.

</doc>
<doc id="20453673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453673" title="Shelbourne Irish Open">
Shelbourne Irish Open

The Shelbourne Irish Open was a tennis tournament held in Dublin, Ireland between 2006 and 2008. The event was part of the "challenger series and was played on outdoor carpet courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20453681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453681" title="United States presidential election in Ohio, 2008">
United States presidential election in Ohio, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Ohio took place on November 4, 2008, which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 20 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Ohio was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 4.6% margin of victory. Prior to the election, most news organizations considered this state as a major swing state and bellwether. Both major party candidates visited the Buckeye State numerous times and campaigned throughout the state extensively trying to sway moderates and independent voters to their side. The polls in Ohio were fairly even throughout the campaign but Obama had a slight lead as Election Day drew closer. In the end, Obama flipped Ohio into the Democratic column.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
During most of the summer and September, McCain led many state polls and many by 50% of over. Rasmussen had McCain leading with as high as 51% in September. But many voters in the state changed their minds as Obama later gained a steady lead in most polls taken starting in the beginning of October (around the time of the 2008 financial crisis).
Fundraising.
Obama raised $7,218,801. McCain raised $5,682,839.
Advertising and visits.
A major swing state, Obama spent over $28 million to McCain's $24 million. The Republican ticket visited the state 28 times to the Obama ticket's 22 times.
Analysis.
Going into Election 2008, both McCain and Obama knew that Ohio was a crucial state. Earlier in the primary season, Ohio had given a major comeback victory to Hillary Rodham Clinton. Both candidates campaigned heavily throughout the state in hopes for winning its 20 electoral votes. As no Republican has ever won the presidency without winning Ohio, it was seen in particular as a "must-win" state for McCain.
On Election Day 2008, Obama won the Buckeye State's 20 electoral votes by a margin of 4.59 percent, an increase from 2004 when George W. Bush carried the state by 2.11 percent against John Kerry and 2000 when Bush carried the state by 3.50 percent against Al Gore. Obama's win in heavily populated areas such as Cuyahoga County (Cleveland), Franklin County (Columbus), Lucas County (Toledo), Montgomery County (Dayton) and the traditionally Republican Hamilton County (Cincinnati) greatly contributed to his victory in the state.
McCain did best in the Republican heart of the state, the state's center and western parts composed of relatively rural areas combined with Cincinnati and Columbus' heavily Republican suburbs. In addition, McCain won all but one county in the Appalachian southeast, mirroring the troubles Obama had throughout this region. On the other hand, Obama did best in the Democratic base—Cleveland (where he won almost 70% of the vote), Youngstown and the heavily unionized counties next to Pennsylvania. However, he was unable to significantly improve upon John Kerry's performance in these areas. More surprisingly, the cities of Cincinnati and Columbus gave him strong support. Cincinnati, the only major city that didn't vote for Franklin D. Roosevelt, voted Democratic for the first time since 1964. Columbus, a city shifting to the Democrats, also voted for Obama by a three-to-two margin. In addition, Obama won several northern counties along the shore of Lake Erie that John Kerry had lost in 2004.
As polls closed and results were coming in on Election Night, Republican strategist and adviser Karl Rove joined Brit Hume on Fox News offering analysis. Rove was discussing the impact an Ohio loss would have on McCain's chances of winning the election. "If he loses Ohio," Rove stated of McCain, "he goes from 286, which the Republicans carried in 2004, down to 266, and that puts him below the 270 threshold needed to win the White House. So he'd not only need to sweep the rest of these states which were won by the Republicans in 2004, he'd also need to pick up something as well." In a moment of unfortunate timing, Hume broke in. "Guess what Karl," Hume interrupted, "I've just received word that the state of Ohio has gone for Barack Obama."
Results breakdown.
By county.
"Projections based on published official or unofficial county election board results, where available; otherwise, on the unofficial state board of elections results."
By congressional district.
Although Barack Obama won the state of Ohio, John McCain carried 10 of the state’s 18 congressional districts, including two districts held by Democratic incumbents and one district that simultaneously elected a Democrat. Obama carried 8 districts, including one district held by a Republican incumbent.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Ohio cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Ohio is allocated 20 electors because it has 18 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 20 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 20 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 20 were pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20453719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453719" title="Kitanuma Station">
Kitanuma Station


</doc>
<doc id="20453746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453746" title="Dangerous Exile">
Dangerous Exile

Dangerous Exile is a 1957 British historical drama film directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Louis Jourdan, Belinda Lee, Anne Heywood and Richard O'Sullivan. It concerns the fate of Louis XVII, who died in 1795 as a boy, yet was popularly believed to have escaped from his French revolutionary captors.
Production.
The film was shot in Pinewood Studios and on location in Cornwall in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20453753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453753" title="Rich Mountain Community College">
Rich Mountain Community College

Rich Mountain Community College (RMCC) is a public two-year institution of higher learning located in Mena, Arkansas. There are satellite campuses of the college located in Waldron, Wickes, Oden, and Mount Ida that serve Polk, Scott, and Montgomery counties. In 2008, Dr. Wayne Hatcher was appointed the fourth president of the college. The college notes itself as a "learning-centered community" serving the citizens of the Ouachita Mountain Region.
History.
RMCC was founded in 1973 as the Rich Mountain Vocational-Technical School, where it would serve as an affiliate of the Arkansas Department of Vocational Education. Accepting its first students in 1975, the school enrolled an entering class of approximately 250 students. In 1983, the school was merged with Henderson State University's off-campus program to form Rich Mountain Community College, as part of the establishment of the Polk County community college district. In 1990, it was accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools following 6 years in candidate status and was re-accredited in 2005 with the North Central Association noting it was a "model rural community college".
The forty-acre main campus in Mena includes the new Machine Tool Maintenance Building, St. John's Library, the KRMN-LP 101.1 FM radio station, and the RMCC TV broadcasting studio among the various classroom and administrative offices. Most students major in the liberal arts, with business being the second largest concentration.

</doc>
<doc id="20453782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453782" title="The Ungroundable">
The Ungroundable

"The Ungroundable" is the 14th and final episode of the 12th season of the animated series "South Park", and the 181st episode of the series overall. It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on November 19, 2008. The episode spoofs vampire films including the "Twilight" craze and "The Lost Boys".
The episode was written and directed by series co-founder Trey Parker, and was rated TV-MA L in the United States.
Plot.
Butters mistakes older students following the vampire craze for actual vampires and tries to raise the alarm. Cartman suggests that he go "document the vampires" simply to get rid of him.
Butters sneaks into the school gym and hides to record the members of the South Park Vampires' Club on his tape recorder. One of the vampires talks about vampire-related customs and they "feed" by drinking Clamato juice. However, Butters' tape recorder malfunctions, exposing him in front of the vampires. Butters attempts to repel them with a crucifix before running away.
After an unfair grounding from his parents, Butters thinks aloud, concluding that nobody listens to him. Having come to believe that if he becomes a vampire he will no longer get victimized, he asks the vampire kids to let him join them. They take him to Hot Topic and change his appearance to match theirs. Butters returns home to his parents, who are angry at him because of his lateness and his dyed hair. Butters responds that he is now "ungroundable" and hisses at his parents, thus completely shocking them. 
Shortly after, Butters starts wasting away because he believes he can only feed on blood. He sneaks into Cartman's room in the middle of the night in a failed attempt to "feed," only managing to give Cartman a Love-bite. Butters' parents, alerted by Cartman's mother, ask him if he "got gay with one of his schoolmates night". Stephen attempts to confine Butters to his bedroom, but he simply leaps out of the window. 
Throughout this episode, the school's Goth kids loathe the vampire kids with whom they keep getting confused by everyone, including Principal Victoria. Reluctantly, they decide to switch to a casual look to clear the confusion, but change their mind when they hear someone from the school soccer team describing them as "that fat girl, the big nose kid, the midget and the kid with pock marks on his face", which had caused them to become Goths in the first place. After discussing what they could do to stop the vampire craze, the Goth kids decide to get rid of "the head vampire", fifth grade student Mike Makowski, whom they kidnap and mail to Scottsdale. This however fails to solve the problem and just when the Goth kids are about to face defeat from the vampire kids, Butters informs them that Hot Topic is the source of the vampire craze. He takes them there and they burn down the store.
At home, Butters tells his parents that the Goth kids burnt down the Hot Topic and this has now "reverted" back to human and he becomes "groundable" once more, much to this parents' relief. In the end, the Goth kids ask for a school assembly in order to explain to everyone the differences between Goth kids and "douchebag vampire wanna-be boner" kids, exclaiming, "Because anyone who thinks they are actually a vampire is freaking retarded." They receive a standing ovation, with the eldest Goth kid closing their speech with, "Fuck all of you" and flipping everyone off.
The head "vampire" often says "per se" which seems to be a reference to an episode of Tyra that deals with vampires, in which one of the vampires frequently says "per se".
Reception.
Travis Fickett of IGN gave the episode a 7.4/10 rating, saying "there are lots of funny bits in this episode, it's far from a home run. It's clever, and well put together and makes a few good points – but it's just not as laugh out loud funny as you'd expect South Park to be. [... Nonetheless, what often makes South Park work are the little moments, the vocal tics of the characters and so forth. I imagine "per se" will catch on, if only for a little bit, as the pseudo-intellectual affectation of vamp-douche-ese. While "The Ungroundable" isn't a home run in terms of laughs, given the current Twilight craze, the show continues to serve as a satirical chronicle of our times, which makes even a middling episode an argument for South Park's continual longevity."

</doc>
<doc id="20453799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453799" title="Antoni Jurasz">
Antoni Jurasz

Antoni Stanisław Jurasz (November 24, 1847 - July 12, 1923) was a Polish laryngologist who was a native of Spławie (Posen). He was the father of surgeon Antoni Tomasz Jurasz (1882-1961).
He studied medicine at the Universities of Greifswald and Würzburg, and in 1872 became a clinical assistant at Heidelberg. Here he worked with pediatric illnesses, and diseases of the pharynx, nose and throat. In 1881 Jurasz was appointed associate professor at the University.
In 1908 he relocated as a full professor to the University of Lviv, where he was also director of the otolaryngology clinic. In 1920 he moved to the recently founded University of Poznań.
Jurasz is remembered for his pioneer work in rhinoscopy, and is credited with the construction and modification of a number of medical instruments used in the field of rhinolaryngology, including a specialized tool known as a nasopharynx forceps.

</doc>
<doc id="20453822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453822" title="Dance Dance Revolution (Bemani Pocket video games)">
Dance Dance Revolution (Bemani Pocket video games)

Gameplay.
The hand-held "Bemani Pocket" DDR games are most similar in gameplay to the "DDR GB" series.
DDR Pocket-Finger Step.
"DDR Pocket-Finger Step" was released by Konami to the Japanese video game market in as part of the "Bemani Pocket" series. The "Bemani Pocket" series had initially launched in 1998, and were created as dedicated hand-helds.
Music.
The game features 6 songs.
DDR Hello Kitty.
"DDR Hello Kitty" was released by Konami to the Japanese video game market in as part of the "Bemani Pocket" series. The "Bemani Pocket" series had initially launched in 1998, and were created as dedicated hand-helds.
Music.
The game features 7 songs.
DDR Dear Daniel.
"DDR Dear Daniel" was released by Konami to the Japanese video game market in as part of the "Bemani Pocket" series. The "Bemani Pocket" series had initially launched in 1998, and were created as dedicated hand-helds.
Music.
The game features 7 songs.
DDR Winnie the Pooh.
"DDR Winnie the Pooh" was released by Konami to the Japanese video game market as part of the "Bemani Pocket" series. The "Bemani Pocket" series had initially launched in 1998, and were created as dedicated hand-helds.
Music.
The game features 9 songs.

</doc>
<doc id="20453853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453853" title="Old Bergen Church">
Old Bergen Church

The Old Bergen Church is located in Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, and is the oldest continuous congregation in New Jersey dating back to 1660. The congregation embraces a combination of Reformed Church in America and Presbyterianism.
The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 14, 1973. The original church building was constructed in 1680 and the current church was built in 1841.
History.
The congregation was formed in the village of Bergen in 1660. The first services were held in a log schoolhouse. In 1680 an octagonal, sandstone church was built by William Day. The church was located on Vroom street, between Bergen and Tuers Avenues. The congregation outgrew the original church and a second church was erected in 1773. This church was also made of sandstone and was located at the corner of Bergen Avenue and Vroom Street. The third and current church was built in 1841 by "William H. Kirk and Company" and "Clark and Van Nest". The congregation is currently affiliated with the Reformed Church in America (RCA) and Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A. (PCUSA).
Notable burials.
The Old Bergen Church Cemetery and the Speer Cemetery are affiliated with the church.

</doc>
<doc id="20453854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453854" title="Alberta and Great Waterways Railway scandal">
Alberta and Great Waterways Railway scandal

The Alberta and Great Waterways Railway Scandal was a political scandal in Alberta, Canada in 1910, which forced the resignation of the Liberal provincial government of Alexander Cameron Rutherford. Rutherford and his government were accused of giving loan guarantees to private interests for the construction of the Alberta and Great Waterways (A&GW) Railway that substantially exceeded the actual cost of construction, and which paid interest considerably above the market rate. They were also accused of exercising insufficient oversight over the railway's operations.
The scandal split the Liberal Party: Rutherford's Minister of Public Works, William Henry Cushing, resigned from his government and publicly attacked its railway policy, and a large portion of the Liberal caucus voted to defeat the government in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta. Although the government survived all of these votes, and Rutherford largely placated the legislature by appointing a royal commission to investigate the affair, pressure from Lieutenant-Governor George Bulyea forced Rutherford's resignation and his replacement by Arthur Sifton.
The royal commission reported months after Rutherford had already resigned. The majority did not find Rutherford or his cabinet guilty of any wrongdoing, but criticized them for poor judgment, both in relation to the loan guarantees and in relation to the exemptions the A&GW received from provincial legislation; a minority report was more sympathetic, and declared the allegations against them "disproved". James Cornwall, a Liberal backbencher who supported Rutherford, fared somewhat worse: his personal financial involvement in the railway gave rise to "suspicious circumstances", but he too was not proven guilty of any wrongdoing.
Besides provoking Rutherford's resignation, the scandal opened rifts in the Liberal Party that took years to heal. Sifton eventually smoothed over most of these divisions, but was frustrated in his railway policy by legal defeats. He ultimately adopted a similar policy to Rutherford's, and the A&GW was eventually built by private interests using the money raised from provincial loan guarantees. The Liberals went on to be re-elected in 1913 and 1917.
Background.
Alberta's first years as a province were optimistic ones, and one way that this optimism manifested itself was in a desire for railroads. The public, media, and politicians all called for the rapid development of new lines and expansion of existing ones. Rutherford's Liberals had set up a framework that allowed almost anybody to enter the railroad business, but few firms had done so by 1909. The opposition Conservatives called for the government's direct entry into the industry. Rutherford's government instead opted for a regime of loan guarantees: the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway and the Canadian Northern Railway (CNR) had their bonds, which were to pay 4% per year over their thirty-year term, guaranteed at a rate of $13,000 per mile of railway constructed. The legislature had the right to increase this to $15,000. In exchange, the railways were subject to a minimum rate of line construction: CNR was required to build and the Grand Trunk Railway before the end of 1909.
Besides the established companies, guarantees were also offered to new companies. One company to take advantage of this was the Alberta and Great Waterways Railway, which was founded by two Kansas City bankers, William R. Clarke and Bertrand R. Clarke, and a Winnipeg accountant, William Bain. The company proposed to build a "line from Edmonton north-easterly to a point at or near the west end of Lac la Biche, thence to a point at or near Fort McMurray." Guarantees to the so-called "A&GW" were more generous than to the established companies: $20,000 per mile for and $400,000 for its Edmonton terminal. The bonds also paid better interest (5%) over a longer term (fifty years) than those of the established companies. Upon the bonds' sale, the money was to be placed in a bank account controlled by the government, and paid to the railway as the line was constructed.
The scandal.
The Rutherford government had just been resoundingly re-elected in the 1909 provincial election when the new legislature first met in February 1910. There was initially no sign of controversy in relation to the A&GW Railway: William Clarke, A&GW President, had several months earlier announced that the line would be completed by the end of 1912, ahead of schedule. When the A&GW bonds went on sale in London in November 1909, the issue was oversubscribed. The following month, the contract for ties was awarded. Everything seemed to be progressing as planned when, at the beginning of the new legislative session, Liberal backbencher John R. Boyle asked the government a series of innocuous questions about the company and the guarantees made to it. Rutherford, Minister of Railways as well as Premier, responded to the questions in writing. Before he did so, however, a rumour began to circulate that William Henry Cushing, Minister of Public Works, had resigned from the cabinet.
Boyle and Conservative leader R. B. Bennett questioned Rutherford about the rumours, but the latter initially refused to make any announcement. The next day, however, the rumour was confirmed when the Premier read Cushing's letter of resignation in the legislature. Cushing gave his reasons for resigning as disagreement with the government's railway policy, which he claimed was developed without his involvement or consent. Rutherford disagreed with this claim, and expressed his regret for Cushing's resignation.
J. R. Boyle's resolution.
On February 21, Boyle gave notice of a resolution to expropriate the rights of the A&GW and build the line directly. He asserted that the government had guaranteed to the A&GW more than was necessary, as a line of , barely two thirds what had been guaranteed, was sufficient. The next day, Boyle further alleged that Deputy Attorney-General S. B. Woods had tampered with the government's files on the A&GW before Boyle and Bennett had viewed them. Attorney-General Charles Wilson Cross strongly disputed this allegation.
Debate on Boyle's resolution began February 25, in front of a full public gallery. Cushing, breaking his silence, opened debate. He explained that cabinet's original intention had been for $20,000 per mile to be the maximum guarantee, with less promised for more easily-built portions of the line. He claimed that he had taken ill at a time that this understanding was still in place, only to have Rutherford move responsibility for railways from Cushing's Public Works department to a new Railways department, headed by Rutherford himself. He recounted his discomfort with Rutherford's refusal to consult with Public Works engineers on the actual costs of constructing the line, and his relief at Rutherford's assurance that Cushing himself would be consulted. He claimed that Rutherford had not followed-through on this pledge, and that, upon seeing the completed agreement between the A&GW and the government, he had decided to resign. Rutherford disputed this version of events, noted that Cushing had been at all relevant cabinet meetings, and cited the report of government engineer R. W. Jones in disputing that the line could be constructed for less than $20,000 per mile.
Boyle followed, alleging that Rutherford had privately committed the government to the $20,000 figure as early as November 14, 1908, before a government engineer had even been appointed. He also accused the government of negligence in failing to verify the paid in capital of the A&GW before committing $7.4 million of government loan guarantees to it. He closed by repeating his demand that the government expropriate the company's rights and build the line itself. Cross rebutted for the government, questioning Cushing's sincerity and quoting a March 1909 speech in which the then-Minister of Public Works had defended the government's railway policy against Bennett's attacks. Cross also reminded the legislature that no money was to be paid to the A&GW until tracks were actually constructed.
On February 28 Liberal member and Cushing-ally Ezra Riley proposed an amendment to Boyle's resolution, striking out the proposals to expropriate and substituting a statement that "the contract and agreement entered into between the Government and the Alberta and Great Waterways Railway Company are not such as to commend them to the judgment and confidence of this house". The same day, an amendment to this amendment was moved by Liberal John William Woolf and seconded by Liberal John Alexander McDougall. Woolf and McDougall proposed redrafting the agreement along the lines proposed by A&GW President Clarke in a letter to Rutherford. This letter suggested that the A&GW should offer to the government its construction equipment and other assets in guarantee of its construction pledges.
The Woolf-McDougall amendment was considered friendly to the government, but Rutherford was not yet in the clear. Independent Edward Michener attacked the government for receiving only par value for the bonds when they had been sold at ten percent above par. McDougall voiced his support for Michener's argument; though McDougall had seconded Woolf's pro-government amendment, it became apparent that his reasons for doing so were less support for the government than a principled aversion to the province using its law-making power to extricate itself from inconvenient contracts.
Opposition to the government came to a head March 2 when Conservative leader Bennett first spoke. Bennett was renowned as one of the province's finest orators, and his five-hour speech earned plaudits even from the Liberal Edmonton Bulletin, which praised its "splendor in diction the physical endurance of the orator" and called it a "high water mark for parliamentary debate in Alberta". Bennett lashed out at the government's handling of the A&GW file, accusing it of culpable negligence in failing to properly oversee the company's activities. He claimed to have been approached directly by "great financial interests" intent on preventing his participation in the debate. He argued that the discrepancy in the sale price of the bonds and what the government had received for them meant that Clarke and his associates had realized a profit of between $200,000 and $300,000 at the government's expense. He closed with an accusation that Cross had sent an emissary to a telephone company that wanted to install an automatic telephone system in Calgary agreeing to reverse his opposition to the deal in exchange for a $12,000 contribution to Cross's campaign fund. These charges, corroborated by Cushing but hotly denied by Cross, were not related to the A&GW affair, but were designed to damage the credibility of the government's de facto house leader on the eve of the vote on the Woolf-McDougall amendment. The government side adopted similar tactics: Agriculture Minister Duncan Marshall accused Boyle of being motivated by bitterness over having been denied the solicitorship of the A&GW; Boyle admitted that he had applied for this position, but denied an accusation from Peace River MLA James Cornwall that he had requested Cornwall's assistance in lobbying for it.
The Woolf-McDougall amendment came to a vote the evening of March 3. In a victory for the government, the amendment passed twenty-three votes to fifteen. In addition to Michener and the legislature's two Conservatives, the amendment was opposed by twelve of the legislature's thirty-seven Liberals, including Cushing. Charles M. O'Brien, the legislature's lone Socialist representative, voted with the government.
Cabinet confusion.
On March 9, Cross suddenly resigned. His resignation was quickly followed by that of Woods, his deputy. The next day William Ashbury Buchanan, Minister without Portfolio, did the same; though he had voted on the government's side on the Woolf-McDougall motion, he harboured considerable doubts about the government's railway policy. Rumours circulated that Agriculture Minister Marshall and Minister without Portfolio Prosper-Edmond Lessard had also resigned, though these proved false. Buchanan, Marshall, Lessard, and Rutherford made no comment on the situation to either the press or the legislature, but Cross was more forthcoming: he said that Rutherford had told him that Cushing had been asked to re-enter cabinet and had accepted, leading Cross to conclude that, in light of his public conflict with Cushing, he "could not, under the circumstances, remain a member of the Alberta government." (Woods, who as a deputy minister did not sit in the legislature, denied that his resignation had any political motivation at all; he said that he had received an employment offer carrying three times his current salary.)
Cushing also made public statements and, as usual, his were not in line with Cross's. While acknowledging that Rutherford had invited him to rejoin the cabinet, he claimed that the Premier had offered Cross's resignation as one of the terms for Cushing's re-entry. He further denied that he had ever accepted Rutherford's offer, both because of persisting conflict between him and the Premier and because his re-entry was unanimously opposed by his fellow dissident Liberals. He directly accused Cross of having fabricated his claim that Rutherford had told him that Cushing had agreed to re-enter cabinet.
Rutherford held his silence until March 11, when he told the legislature that he had not accepted any resignations. He said that the only vacant cabinet post was the ministry of Public Works previously held by Cushing, and that he hoped to fill it soon. In the meantime, he intended to continue governing. While he eventually acknowledged Buchanan's resignation March 14, Cross remained in cabinet.
Further manoeuvring in the legislature.
Following the passage of the Woolf-McDougall motion, the government took the offensive. On March 9, Rutherford gave notice of a resolution to strike a provincial railway board, with a membership of Rutherford, Deputy Public Works Minister John Stocks, and provincial railway engineer R. W. Jones. The board would have the power to discharge any government responsibility under the "Alberta Railway Act". Stocks, however, publicly repudiated the resolution, and announced that he would have nothing to do with it.
On March 11, government supporter Charles Stewart attempted to disclose a scandalous rumour about Boyle in the legislature, but was ruled out of order by Speaker Charles W. Fisher. The allegation was quickly printed in the Edmonton Bulletin instead: Boyle, who expected to be named Attorney-General in the event that Cushing formed a government, was accused of approaching Lucien Boudreau and Robert L. Shaw, two government supporters who were hoteliers in their extra-legislative careers, and offering them immunity from prosecution for liquor license violations in exchange for their support of the insurgency.
That same day, Riley and Boyle moved a motion of no confidence in the government. It was defeated by a margin of twenty to seventeen. Ominously for Rutherford, two hitherto loyal Liberals, Buchanan and Henry William McKenney, switched their support to the rebels. More favourably, the ill member for Macleod, Colin Genge, was rumoured to be recovering from his illness and soon on his way to Edmonton, where he was expected to support the government (in fact, Genge would die without ever taking his seat). The government was also encouraged by the motion of dissident George P. Smith to strike an apolitical commission to supervise the construction of the A&GW, since it corresponded closely to its own proposal to appoint a royal commission.
Rutherford gave notice of a resolution to strike this royal commission, to be composed of three judges of the provincial supreme court, March 14. After one final attempt by the rebels to defeat the government legislatively (which failed by three votes), the resolution to strike the royal commission passed the legislature unanimously the next day. The Alberta and Great Waterways Railway scandal was, for the time being, out of the legislature's hands.
Aftermath.
The commission's inquiry.
The commission first met in Edmonton March 29. The three commissioners—Justices David Lynch Scott, Horace Harvey, and Nicholas Beck—were joined by counsel for the insurgents (including Bennett himself), Cross, Rutherford, the A&GW, and Cornwall (who had been accused of using his involvement with the Athabasca Railway for personal benefit during the scandal). The evidence they heard was reported in great detail by Alberta's press, to the initial interest of the public. Before long, however, the details grew tedious, and the public became less engaged.
The greatest surprise to emerge during the commission's inquiry did not come from one of the forty-six witnesses to testify, but from one who did not: A&GW President Clarke vanished back to the United States before his scheduled testimony. While this disappearance did not prove the government's guilt, in the eyes of the press it did prove Clarke's. As the Edmonton Journal put it, the only question left to answer was "were the members of the government simple innocents whom Clarke worked through their credulity or were they in on it with him?"
George Bulyea's machinations.
Though it was George Bulyea, Alberta's first lieutenant-governor, who had invited Rutherford to form the province's first government in 1905, the Premier never fully had Bulyea's confidence. Bulyea preferred several other candidates to Rutherford, including federal Member of Parliaent (MP) Peter Talbot, but when these proved unwilling he acquiesced with Rutherford, the choice of Alberta Liberals. Now, with Rutherford reeling, Bulyea saw his initial doubts validated and began the search for potential successors.
The obvious choice was Cushing, but Bulyea felt little enthusiasm for him, doubting his political acumen (in this opinion he was supported by other party luminaries, including Frank Oliver, federal Minister of the Interior and proprieter of the Bulletin). He continued to prefer Talbot, but found that the insurgent Liberals, who favoured Cushing, would not accept him. Oliver was also a possibility, but he had no interest in leaving Ottawa.
Talbot suggested Arthur Sifton, the province's chief justice. Sifton was a Liberal, but as a judge he was remote from political mudslinging. However, he had been offered the office of Premier in 1905, when it had seemed more desirable than it did now; would he have any interest? The question was answered May 26, when the legislature reconvened. Bulyea entered the house and announced that he had accepted Rutherford's resignation and that he had asked Sifton to form a government. Sifton had accepted.
The arrangement had nearly fallen apart at the last moment: MLAs loyal to Cross indicated on May 25 that they would accept Sifton only if Cross remained the Attorney-General, which Sifton refused. It appeared for a time that Rutherford would not resign; after considering the matter overnight, Bulyea decided the morning of May 26 that he was in a position to force the Premier's hand, but it proved unnecessary when Rutherford stepped down of his own volition.
The commission's report.
The commission reported to the legislature November 10, 1910. Its findings were split into two reports: a majority report from Justices Scott and Harvey, and a minority report from Justice Beck.
The majority report traced the origins of the A&GW scandal to 1905, when a number of Albertans, including James Cornwall, were federally incorporated as the Athabasca Railway Company, chartered to construct a railway from Edmonton to Fort McMurray. The legal work for the incorporation had been done by the law firm of Charles Wilson Cross, Cornwall's close friend and personal solicitor. In October 1906 Cornwall sold the ARC's charter to a syndicate of Winnipegers for $2,500 and a one-sixth share in the syndicate. The syndicate costed out the construction of the railway, and found that cost per mile would be $13,700 from Edmonton to Lac la Biche, and one thousand dollars per mile more from Lac la Biche to Fort McMurray. It decided to undertake the venture if it could get a loan guarantee of $13,000 per mile from the Alberta government.
At the end of 1906, syndicate members visited Alberta, where Cornwall introduced them to members of the cabinet. Negotiations between the syndicate and the government continued for several years. During this time, new construction estimates prepared by the syndicate placed the cost of the railway at between eighteen and twenty thousand dollars per mile. February 2, 1907, Cornwall entered into an agreement with the syndicate whereby he would receive $544,000 in stock in the resulting railway company if he could secure the necessary loan guarantees; this amount was later changed to $100,000.
The majority report also took a dim view of the exemptions from the province's railway legislation that were built into the A&GW's charter: unlike the province's other railways, the A&GW was not required to have directors resident in Alberta and was exempt from the requirement that railway companies not commence business until 25% of their capital was subscribed and 10% paid up. The A&GW was held to a figure of less than 1% for both, and even this requirement was met in an unusual manner: Clarke brought his personal account into overdraft to issue a $50,000 cheque to the company, thereby allowing the latter to meet its capital requirements and commence operations. The company then authorized a payment of the same amount to Clarke on account of expenses incurred by him on behalf of the company; he, of course, used this payment to clear his overdraft.
The majority declined to find Rutherford and Cross guilty of any wrongdoing beyond poor judgment, though its findings were hardly flattering: "As there is room for doubt that the inference of personal interest is the only reasonable inference to be drawn from the circumstances related, and in view of the positive denial, it can only be said that, in the opinion of your commissioners, the evidence does not warrant the finding that there was or is any personal interest on the part of Dr. Rutherford or Mr. Cross". Its findings with regards to Cornwall were similar: his receipt of $14,500 and his expectation of $10,500 more constituted "suspicious circumstances", but these "point to no definite conclusion; and he has denied that he received any other benefit, or was interested in any other way in the enterprise, and it must be held that the evidence does not establish the contrary."
Justice Beck's minority report was more sympathetic to all three men. Beck declared himself perfectly satisfied that Cushing, despite his protestations to the contrary, had been aware of all details of the negotiations. While acknowledging that "in some instances the wisdom of their course may be doubtful", he accepted Rutherford's and Cross's explanations for their actions and labelled the accusations against them "disproved". He felt similarly about Cornwall, concluding that once he was using his position to advocate for the construction of the A&GW, he was free of any pecuniary interest in it.
Long-term effects.
Sifton was selected Premier in an effort to restore party unity, and his first cabinet reflected that. There were three ministers in addition to Sifton. Charles R. Mitchell had been, like Sifton, a judge during the scandal, and was therefore unattached to either side. Duncan Marshall had been a Rutherford cabinet minister, but not one identified strongly with its railway policy. Archibald J. McLean had voted with the rebels, but not been a leader among them. The cabinet included members of both factions, but none of those who inspired such strong opinions as to be extremely divisive.
In late 1910, the new government introduced legislation to revoke the A&GW's charter and confiscate the proceeds from the sale of bonds, which were still held by the province. In introducing the bill, Sifton made no commitment as to what would be done with the funds once confiscated. Many northern MLAs, including Cornwall and Cross, suspected that the Premier's plans for the money did not include construction of a northern railway, and opposed the bill on that basis. Clarke re-surfaced in Winnipeg to deny Sifton's charge that the A&GW had defaulted on any of its obligations, and Conservative leader Bennett opposed the confiscation out of stated respect for private property: "Clarke I despise but Clarke I am bound to respect because this province gave him a right by charter and if I know the United States I do not think it will allow this province to take his property 'without due process of law'."
The government won the vote 25 to 14. Once the legislation was signed into law by Bulyea, the government immediately wrote cheques drawing on the bond money. The Royal, Dominion, and Union banks, where the funds were deposited, refused payment. The government sued, and the provincial supreme court ruled in its favour in 1912. The Royal Bank subsequently requested that the federal government use its power of disallowance to invalidate the legislation and appealed the supreme court's decision to the British privy council, at the time Canada's highest court of appeal. While the federal government declined to act, in 1913 the privy council found that the provincial legislature did not have the authority to confiscate money that had been raised from investors from outside of the province.
In its objective of smoothing over Liberal divisions, Sifton's succession was only partially successful. Rutherford himself became increasingly distant from the party, and sought re-election in the next election as an independent Liberal, opposed to Sifton's government. In fact, he offered to campaign for the Conservatives across the province if they would agree not to run a candidate against him in his own riding; the Conservatives declined his offer, and Rutherford was defeated. He would go on to campaign for the Conservatives in the 1921 election. On the other side, Ezra Riley, a leader of the insurgency, resigned his seat in protest of Cushing's exclusion from the new administration; he was defeated in the ensuing by-election by a pro-Sifton candidate. It is possible that supporters of Cross would have taken a similar tack, but Sifton brought him back into cabinet before the next election. With the noisiest dissidents neutralized, the Liberals enjoyed a period relatively free of intra-party strife, until the Conscription Crisis of 1917 once again split the party.

</doc>
<doc id="20453884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453884" title="Judy Weiss">
Judy Weiss

Judy Weiss (born May 31, 1972 in Berlin) is a German singer who became internationally renowned after singing "Vivo per Lei" with Andrea Bocelli in a German-Italian duet in 1996; while Weiss sang in German, Bocelli sang in Italian.
In 1994, she starred for the first time in a musical in the role of Anita in "West Side Story". In 1995, she performed in "Beauty and the Beast". She also played Macchina in the German musical "Space Dream" and Esmeralda in "The Hunchback of Notre Dame". She performs regularly with the jazz pianist Maria Baptist.
When Weiss was five years old she had her first piano lessons. For eight years, she attended a conservatory for piano and singing, and afterwards the Music Academy Hanns Eisler. Weiss has a daughter who was born in November 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20453896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453896" title="Nihon Kōki">
Nihon Kōki

Background.
Following the earlier national history "Shoku Nihongi" (797), in 819 Emperor Saga ordered the compilation of the years since then. Primarily edited by Fujiwara no Otsugu, Minamoto no Tokiwa, Fujiwara no Yoshino and Fujiwara no Yoshifusa, the text was completed in 840.
Much of the text was lost during the Ōnin and Bunmei Wars in the late 15th century. Of the original 40 volumes, only ten currently exist: 5, 8, 12, 13, 14, 17, 20-22, and 24.
Contents.
Written in Kanbun-style, the contents covered the years 792 through 833. It spans four imperial reigns: Kammu, Heizei, Saga, Junna. The text is characteristic in that it contains criticism of emperors and officials as well as poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="20453954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453954" title="Kenneth Neate">
Kenneth Neate

Kenneth (Ken) Neate (28 July 1914 – 27 June 1997) was a renowned Australian operatic and concert tenor, opera producer and singing teacher. He was a regular artist in Wagnerian opera at Bayreuth, and he was noted as a dramatic tenor in German, French, and Italian repertoire in opera houses in England, France, Italy, Austria, Germany, and Australia. His operatic career lasted 38 years, followed by ten years as Lecturer in Voice and Opera Studies at the Richard Strauss Conservatorium in Munich.
Biography.
Ken Neate was born in Cessnock, New South Wales on 28 July 1914. He studied piano and voice in Newcastle and had further study in Sydney with Lute Drummond and Lionello Cecil. Neate joined the New South Wales Police Force, serving in inner-city stations in Sydney. He became a soloist in the NSW Police Choir and soon became known as "The Singing Policeman". He also studied at the University of Melbourne.
He sang his first operatic roles as Pinkerton in "Madama Butterfly" and the title role in a concert performance of "Lohengrin" with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra.
After hearing Neate sing in 1939, John Brownlee introduced him to the Metropolitan Opera, New York, and recommended he study with his own teacher, Emilio de Gogorza, and with Elisabeth Schumann. In 1941 he toured New Zealand with Oscar Natzka. That year, he studied roles such as Don José ("Carmen") with Brownlee, and "Lohengrin" with Lotte Lehmann. He auditioned for Bruno Walter, which led to his becoming understudy to Charles Kullman for "The Magic Flute" at the Met. In 1941 he joined the Royal Canadian Air Force, becoming a pilot officer. He had already appeared in opera and concert under the direction of Sir Thomas Beecham in Montreal.
After the war, he appeared as Don José in "Carmen" at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden in 1947 in the very first performance by the Covent Garden Opera Company (later to become the Royal Opera); that season, he also appeared as Tamino in "The Magic Flute", and as the Italian Singer in "Der Rosenkavalier". That year he sang the title role in Gounod's "Faust" for the first time (he was to sing the role over 80 times until 1965, in Europe, the UK and Australia). In 1948 he sang Alfredo in "La traviata" opposite Elisabeth Schwarzkopf.
In 1950 and 1951, Ken Neate sang the roles of Rodolfo ("La bohème"), Cavaradossi ("Tosca"), and Pinkerton ("Madama Butterfly") in productions televised by the BBC.
He often appeared with his fellow Australian Rosina Raisbeck at Covent Garden. 
He made the first of five tours to Australia in 1952. He returned in 1955 (when he appeared with an Italian touring company alongside singers such as Gabriella Tucci and the up-and-coming Donald Smith), 1960, 1968 and 1970 (that year as Florestan in "Fidelio"). 
In May 1956 at Bordeaux, Neate created the title role in Henri Tomasi's "Sampiero Corso", which was repeated at the Holland Festival in June. That year, Neate sang in the first television recordings for Italian Radio and Television of "La fanciulla del West", "Turandot" and Alfredo Catalani's "Loreley".
Neate's lyric tenor had developed into a heldentenor by the end of the 1950s. He sang "Tannhäuser" over 160 times, in German, Italian and English. In Germany he met and married the German mezzo-soprano Gertrud Vollath. He also sang Stolzing in "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg" (Vienna State Opera and Zurich Opera), Eric, Lohengrin and Siegmund ("Die Walküre"). At the Bayreuth Festival of 1963 he sang the role of Loge in "Das Rheingold", at the invitation of Wolfgang Wagner and Rudolf Kempe, becoming the first Australian to sing a major role at Bayreuth. He studied heldentenor roles with Max Lorenz.
In Italy in the mid-1950s, he had a major career in the houses of San Carlo (Naples), La Fenice (Venice), Parma and Bologna, in roles such as Faust, Calaf ("Turandot") and Don Carlo, and appearing with such major names as Tullio Serafin, Carlo Tagliabue, Cesare Siepi, Ettore Bastianini, Gigliola Frazzoni, Antonietta Stella and Ebe Stignani.
In 1956 he released his first solo LP "Una Serata Dell'Opera" with the Orchestre Philharmonique de Paris under Napoleone Annovazzi (now available on CD).
The 1959 Franco Zeffirelli production of "Lucia di Lammermoor" at Covent Garden is famous for Joan Sutherland's breakthrough performance in the title role. The tenor role of Edgardo in that production was sung by Ken Neate, who replaced the scheduled tenor at short notice.
On 26 October 1961, Neate created the role of Danforth in the world premiere of Robert Ward's "The Crucible" at the New York City Opera. That year he also sang there as Radames in "Aida", Don José, and Stravinsky's "Oedipus rex".
In 1962 he became principal tenor at the Paris Opera. In Paris and other centres in France, he sang Arnold ("Guillaume Tell"), Roméo ("Roméo et Juliette") and Hoffmann ("Les Contes d'Hoffmann"). In Paris, he studied with Lucien Muratore, who presented Ken with several of his own costumes including that of Don José and his swords and daggers.
In 1966 and 1967 he appeared opposite Birgit Nilsson in a new production of "Tristan und Isolde" at the Royal Opera in Stockholm, and at Expo 67 in Montreal. The role of Brangaene was sung by Kerstin Meyer.
Ken Neate also sang the Richard Strauss roles of Aegisth, Bacchus and Apollo.
However, his repertoire was not confined to opera. He sang in such works as Beethoven's 9th Symphony, Mahler's "Symphony of a Thousand" and "Das Lied von der Erde", Schoenberg's "Gurre-Lieder", Handel oratorios, Dvořák's "Stabat Mater", and the Requiems of Mozart, Verdi and Berlioz ("Grande Messe des morts"), under such conductors as Sir Thomas Beecham, Antal Doráti, Eduard van Beinum, Jascha Horenstein, Josef Krips, Rudolf Kempe, Wolfgang Sawallisch and Carlo Maria Giulini.
On his return to Australia to sing "Tannhäuser" in 1968, his voice was showing signs of degeneration. His last performance in opera was in the title role of Verdi's "Otello", at the Landes Theater in Innsbruck in 1975. Although he was then aged 61, his interpretation of Otello was highly praised, both vocally and dramatically.
Neate also produced operas in Ireland and Austria, such as "Il trovatore", "Don Carlo", "Tosca", "Samson and Delilah", "Tannhäuser" and "Fidelio". He also wrote some songs ("Homeward calling"; "I am off to Kambalda"). 
Ken Neate died in Munich, Germany on 27 June 1997. His book "Great singing: Common Sense in Singing" was left uncompleted at his death, and has since been published by his widow.
His maternal cousin was the tenor Jon Weaving.

</doc>
<doc id="20453974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453974" title="James Argyle Smith">
James Argyle Smith

James Argyle Smith (July 1, 1831 – December 6, 1901) was an United States Army officer, and a graduate of West Point. He is known for being a Confederate brigadier general during the Civil War, his works in the educational system in Mississippi, and in the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
Early life and career.
James Smith was born and raised in Tennessee as a boy. He went to West Point, graduated in 1853, and became a second lieutenant in the infantry. Smith served in various posts in the west including the Jefferson Barracks Military Post. Smith fought at the Battle of Ash Hollow against the Sioux in 1855. Then from 1857 to 1858, Smith fought in the Utah War against the Mormons. One year after returning from the Utah War Smith was promoted to a first lieutenant. In May 1861 Smith resigned his commission to join the Confederate Army.
Civil War service.
Smith joined the Confederate Army in 1861 with the rank of lieutenant. In March 1862 he became a major and the adjutant-general to General Leonidas Polk. At the Battle of Shiloh Smith became the lieutenant-colonel of the Second Tennessee Infantry Regiment. General Bushrod Johnson commended Smith on his bravery at the Battle of Perryville and he was put in command of the 5th Confederate Infantry. His bravery was also noticed at the Battle of Murfreesboro by both General Cleburne and General Leonidas Polk. After his performance at the Battle of Chickamauga and the praise he received from Polk, Smith was promoted to brigadier general. At the Battle of Missionary Ridge General Smith attacked Sherman's flank preventing the Union Army of blocking off General Bragg's retreat. During the Battle of Missionary Ridge Smith was shot through both thighs while leading his men. After recovering Smith fought at the Battle of Atlanta where his brigade captured fifteen artillery pieces. During this battle he was wounded again. He was under the command of Cleburne at the Second Battle of Franklin, and after Cleburne's death Smith took over command at Nashville. General Smith and General William Bate led Cheatham's corps at the Battle of Bentonville.
Postbellum career and death.
After starting a farm in Mississippi Smith was elected the Mississippi State Superintendent of Public Education from 1878 to 1886. He then became an agent of the Bureau of Indian Affairs from 1893 to 1897. He later become the Marshal of the Supreme Court of Mississippi. James Argyle Smith died on December 6, 1901 in Jackson, Mississippi and was buried at the Greenwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20453986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20453986" title="Blake Price">
Blake Price

Blake Price (born December 15, 1974, in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian sports journalist. He is currently a co-host on the Team 1040 sports radio alongside former NHLer Dave Tomlinson. Price previously worked at MOJO sports radio as well as television in Saskatoon, "Sports Page" in Vancouver and three years at TSN anchoring "SportsCentre" from 2001 to 2004 and another stint in 2006. He graduated from the University of British Columbia and from British Columbia Institute of Technology. The British Columbia Association of Broadcasters named him "Performer of Tomorrow" in 2000. During his early career, he worked as a news and traffic reporter and as a writer and producer for radio. On September 7, 2012, after the radio rights shifted to Team 1040/Team 1410 in August 2012, the Vancouver Giants named him and Jeff Paterson to handle the play-by-play for the team's home games on a rotating basis.

</doc>
<doc id="20454025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454025" title="HMS Plover">
HMS Plover

Eleven ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Plover", after the species of bird, the Plover:

</doc>
<doc id="20454049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454049" title="Tons of Trouble">
Tons of Trouble

Tons of Trouble is a 1956 British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Richard Hearne, William Hartnell and Austin Trevor.

</doc>
<doc id="20454056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454056" title="The Misadventure of Zoo">
The Misadventure of Zoo

The Misadventure of Zoo (流氓皇帝) is a TVB television series, premiered in 1981. Theme song "Personhood Loves Freedom" (做人愛自由) composition and arrangement by Joseph Koo, lyricist by Wong Jim, sung by Adam Cheng, and the sub theme song "Cheers" (飲勝) composition and arrangement by Joseph Koo, lyricist by Wong Jim, sung by Adam Cheng.
Plot.
The story centers around a villager named Chu Gam Chun (朱錦春, a homophone of the term 豬咁蠢, a Cantonese slang term meaning "as stupid as a pig"). One day, a soothsayer said he would one day become the penultimate Emperor of China. While he initially brushed it aside, a series of events and blunders would eventually make it come true.
When the Qing Dynasty fell, Chu and his villager friends became bandits, only to be recruited by a warlord. Once under their command, Chu quickly rose through the ranks when many of his superiors died in accidents that are not of Chu's making. Chu eventually became a warlord himself, but was later defeated by Nationalist forces.
Chu, along with his friends and family, made their way to Shanghai, where he eventually became an A-list movie star, even though Chu is illiterate, and can't read movie scripts. Chu then went from strength to strength, and eventually opened a department store. There, he was discovered by a Japanese spy, who wanted him to be a body double of Puyi, by then the Emperor of Manchukuo. The soothsayer's words have finally come true.
Eventually, Chu found out about the Japanese's deeds, and decided to leave his life as Emperor. He was separated from his family members while they were escaping, and Chu eventually ended up in Hong Kong as a beggar. Only when a local reporter found out about his story did Chu reunite with his family, as well as his longtime lover, who now works as a maid for the reporter's family.
Chu and his lover were reunited in the finale. At the same time, Chu discovered that he has won the Mark Six lottery drawing. However, realizing his desire to simply live out his life without dramatic ups and downs, Chu ripped up the lottery ticket.
Casts.
It is important to note that most of the character's name in the series are Cantonese homophones of another term.

</doc>
<doc id="20454098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454098" title="Athletics at the 1959 Summer Universiade">
Athletics at the 1959 Summer Universiade

Athletics events were contested at the 1959 Summer Universiade in Turin, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20454136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454136" title="Lisbon Story">
Lisbon Story

Lisbon Story can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20454142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454142" title="List of Australian Senate appointments">
List of Australian Senate appointments

This is a list of appointments to the Australian Senate, filling casual vacancies, from the Senate's creation in 1901 until the present day. 
State senators.
Section 15 of the Australian Constitution requires the parliament of the relevant state to choose a replacement. This is done in a joint sitting of the upper and lower house (except for Queensland, which has a unicameral parliament). In the event that the state parliament is not in session, the Governor of the state (acting on the advice of the state's executive council) may appoint a replacement senator, but such an appointment lapses if it is not confirmed by a joint sitting of the parliament within 14 days.
Prior to 29 July 1977, it was an established convention that the state parliament choose (or the governor appoint) a replacement from the same political party as their predecessor. This is now a constitutional requirement. 
Territory senators.
Replacement senators for the Australian Capital Territory or the Northern Territory are chosen by the relevant territory legislature, under s.44 of the "Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918". Where the legislature is not in session, the choice is made by the Chief Minister of the ACT or the Administrator of the NT. Prior to the passage of this legislation, replacement territory senators were chosen by a joint sitting of both houses of the Federal Parliament, under s.9 of the "Senate (Representation of Territories) Act 1973".
List of appointments to the Senate.
Appointments marked with an asterisk (*) occurred after the election for that parliament but before the new Senate was sworn in. Party designations marked with a † indicate that the member was elected for a different party, but defected during their term. (The appointment is generally made to the original elected party or its equivalent.)
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20454146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454146" title="Los Angeles and Independence Railroad">
Los Angeles and Independence Railroad

The Los Angeles and Independence Railroad, opened October 17, 1875, was a steam-powered rail line which travelled from a wharf north of the current Santa Monica Pier to 5th and San Pedro Street in downtown Los Angeles. 
Intended to eventually reach San Bernardino and Independence via Cajon Pass to serve the Cerro Gordo Silver Mines near Panamint, the line was never extended past downtown Los Angeles and was eventually acquired by Southern Pacific Railroad.
The right-of-way was purchased by Los Angeles Metro in 1990 and is now used for the Expo Line light rail line.
History.
The Los Angeles and Independence Railroad Company was incorporated in January 1875 with Francisco P. Temple, John P. Jones, Robert S. Baker, T. N. Park, James A. Pritchard, J. S. Slauson, and J. U. Crawford, as directors. Col. Crawford was the engineer and general manager. 
The of track between Los Angeles and Santa Monica were privately built without government subsidies or land grants, all in a little over ten months - primarily using 67 Chinese laborers imported for the task. Right-of-way between Los Angeles and Santa Monica was given by local ranchers who were anxious to have access to a railroad. The line opened October 17, 1875, with two trains a day running between Santa Monica and Los Angeles; the fare was fixed at $1.00 per trip, freight at $1.00 per ton. 
Southern Pacific Railroad's refusal to allow crossing of their main line tracks prevented construction east of Los Angeles, and the unexpected depletion and closure of the Panamint silver mine in 1877 (owned by Jones), led to severe fiscal difficulties for the young steam line—on July 4, 1877 the Los Angeles & Independence was acquired by Southern Pacific.
New owner Southern Pacific extended the existing wharf to allow access to larger ships by 1891. This wharf allowed ship-to-shore offloading, making the line a freight and passenger hauler of growing importance. 
However, the U.S. Government's 1899 decision to build a breakwater in San Pedro and create the Port of Los Angeles, effectively doomed both natural harbors' (Redondo Beach and Santa Monica) use for commercial shipping traffic.
With the Port of Los Angeles nearing completion in 1908 and Santa Monica shipping traffic ceasing, Southern Pacific leased the railroad line and Santa Monica wharf to Los Angeles Pacific (a forerunner to Pacific Electric) which electrified the portion between the long wharf and Sentous (La Cienega) in that year. The remainder of the line was electrified by 1911 when various electric railroads merged under the Pacific Electric name. The wharf was demolished in 1913.
Santa Monica Air Line.
By 1920 the line was well known as the Santa Monica Air Line of the Pacific Electric Railway, providing electric freight and passenger service between Los Angeles and Santa Monica.
Expo Line (Los Angeles Metro).
The line was subsequently purchased for use as a light rail line, which began operation in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20454176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454176" title="Rees Williams">
Rees Williams

David Rees Williams (January 1900 - 30 December 1963) was a Welsh footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Abercanaid, Merthyr Tydfil. He played for Merthyr Town, Sheffield Wednesday, Manchester United, and Thames Association.
Williams also made eight appearances for Wales between 1921 and 1929, scoring twice.

</doc>
<doc id="20454224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454224" title="Eodapsan">
Eodapsan

Eodapsan is a mountain in the county of Hoengseong, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20454254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454254" title="Alain Poiré">
Alain Poiré

Alain Poiré (13 February 1917 – 14 January 2000) was a French film producer and screenwriter. He was born in Paris, and died in Neuilly-Sur-Seine.
Career.
He graduated from law school and worked for advertising group Havas. In 1938, Alain Poiré moved to working for the film company Société Nouvelle des Etablissements Gaumont (SNEG) as assistant general manager in order to save the company from financial disaster. SNEG was renamed Gaumont in 1975. Always passionate about cinema, he didn't leave Gaumont until his death in 2000, becoming one of the most prolific producers in French cinema particularly from the 1950s on.
As producer at Gaumont and manager of Gaumont International, Alain Poiré produced more than 200 films.
Alain Poiré is the father of Jean-Marie Poiré.

</doc>
<doc id="20454262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454262" title="Dark Journey">
Dark Journey

Dark Journey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20454282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454282" title="Elliott District Community Government Council">
Elliott District Community Government Council

The Elliott District Community Government Council was a local government area of the Northern Territory, Australia. It was centred around the town of Elliott, 254 km north of Tennant Creek and 419 km south of Katherineon the Stuart Highway. The Community Government Council covered an area of 5.4 km² and has a population of 501. The main towns are Elliott and Marlinja.
History.
The area's Aboriginal name is Kuliminindi; it is home of the Jingilu Mudburra tribe. Settlement by Europeans started with John McDowall Stuart and the Overland Telegraph line. A station was set up called Newcastle Waters. The station plus the nearby town was the regional centre prior to World War II.
During the war, Elliott was set up as a stopover for convoys heading up to Darwin, 780 km North from Alice Springs, 720 km South of the town and is named after the commanding officer of the base, D. S. Elliott OBE. After the war, Elliott started to overtake Newcastle Waters in importance, and most functions were moved to Elliott. The Gurindji drovers strike of 1966 had repercussions here, with Union Camp being set up in Newcastle Waters Township and camps being set up in Elliott. Today there are Aboriginal communities on either end of town.
The advent of equal pay and conditions resulted in many Aboriginal stockmen losing their jobs to helicopters. The road trains (triple trailer trucks) replaced the drovers, which resulted in many Aboriginal people settling permanently in Elliott. Recently there was a Native Title Case that saw Elliott Traditional Owners being given Native Title. Together with the Gurungu Aboriginal Land Trust, this means that 95 percent of the town is now back in Aboriginal hands.
Facilities.
Elliott facilities include a public bar, two roadhouses, and a caravan park. There is a rest area 23 km N of town near the Newcastle Waters /Marlinja turnoff. There is also a clinic, a police station, and an airstrip serviced by the Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia.
The Community Development Employment Programme provides employment for many Aboriginal people. There are also public service jobs such as at the Council, as well as the roadhouses and two mechanics shops. Stations all around Elliott provide full-time work on a seasonal basis.
Politics.
The Elliott District Community Government Council consists of the President (Mayor) and four councillors.
Attractions.
Longreach Waterhole is 12 km West of town. It has coastal bird life on a fresh water perennial lake. Lake Woods is 40 km South; a four wheel drive is required for the trip.

</doc>
<doc id="20454313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454313" title="Jaimme's Got a Gal">
Jaimme's Got a Gal

"Jaimme's Got A Gal" is the third single from the album Sound As Ever by Australian rock band You Am I. It was released in 1994 and reached #77 in that year's Hottest 100. The Jaimme of the title is Jaimme Rogers, the brother of You Am I's frontman and chief songwriter Tim Rogers, who had been a founding member of the band but left it within twelve months of its formation. "Jaimme's Got a Gal" thus partly explains the reason for his departure.
Track listing.
All songs by Tim Rogers, except 2 (Lennon–McCartney)
"I'm So Tired" is a cover of The Beatles song. "20,000" is a You Am I original, and the name of the album parodies Aerosmith's song "Janie's got a gun".
Alternative versions.
"Jaimme (Makers Mark Version)" is an acoustic version of "Jaimme's Got A Gal" which was released as a b-side on the Berlin Chair single. On the US release of Sound As Ever "Jaimme's Got A Gal" was one of the four tracks remixed by David Bianco.

</doc>
<doc id="20454320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454320" title="Walter McMillen">
Walter McMillen

Walter S. McMillen (24 November 1913 - 11 May 1987) was a Northern Irish footballer. His regular position was as a defender. He was born in Belfast. He played for Distillery, Manchester United, Cliftonville Strollers, Cliftonville Olympic, Chesterfield, Millwall, Glentoran and Linfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20454337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454337" title="U.S. Route 522 in West Virginia">
U.S. Route 522 in West Virginia

U.S. Route 522 (US 522) is a part of the U.S. Highway System that runs from Powhatan, Virginia to Selinsgrove, Pennsylvania. In West Virginia, the U.S. highway runs from the Virginia state line near Ridge north to the Maryland state line at the Potomac River in Hancock just south of Hancock, Maryland. US 522 passes through Ridge and Valley Province of the Appalachian Mountains in the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia. The portion of the U.S. highway in West Virginia serves to connect Winchester with Hancock via Berkeley Springs, the county seat of Morgan County. US 522 is part of the National Highway System for its entire length in West Virginia.
Route description.
US 522 begins at the Virginia state line near Ridge. The U.S. highway heads south as a four-lane divided highway toward Winchester. US 522 heads north as a two-lane highway through a narrow valley immediately to the east of the parallel Warm Spring Ridge and a short distance to the east of Cacapon Mountain. The highway passes through the hamlets of Ridge, the site of a fish hatchery, Omps, and Rock Gap and by the entrance to Cacapon Resort State Park. The U.S. highway begins to parallel Warm Spring Run as it approaches Berkeley Springs, where the highway is named Washington Street and passes by Berkeley Springs State Park. Within the town, US 522 has two intersections with WV 9 surrounding a short concurrency. From the south end of town, WV 9 heads east as Martinsburg Road toward Martinsburg; at the north end of downtown Berkeley Springs, WV 9 heads west as Union Street, ascending Cacapon Mountain on its way toward Great Cacapon. US 522 passes through Burnt Factory, the site of a sand extraction and processing facility, on its way toward its northern terminus at Hancock, a hamlet that sits across the Potomac River from Hancock, Maryland and contains Potomac Airpark. The airpark is accessed from US 522's last intersection in West Virginia before crossing over the river and CSX's Cumberland Subdivision into Maryland.
Future.
The West Virginia Division of Highways (WVDOH) has now selected a Preferred Alternative for the US 522 project. In general terms, the route runs parallel to—and east of—the existing Route 522 for approximately from the Maryland state line to the Virginia state line. It will be, for most of its length, within of the current 522. In the vicinity of the proposed Ridge Historic District, however, the alignment extends farther away to avoid impacting either that site or the adjacent fish hatchery. Also, immediately south of Berkeley Springs, the projected route would veer further east to avoid the downtown area.

</doc>
<doc id="20454369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454369" title="Will Davidson">
Will Davidson

William R. "Will" Davidson was a footballer. His regular position was as a half back. He played for Annbank and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20454378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454378" title="Sugarloaf Provincial Park">
Sugarloaf Provincial Park

Sugarloaf Provincial Park is an all-season provincial park located in Campbellton, New Brunswick. It opened in 1972.
The park includes Sugarloaf Mountain, an extinct late Devonian volcano. The majority of the park is undeveloped and forested; in addition to the stand-alone Sugarloaf Mountain, it includes the north slope of an unnamed ridge of the Appalachian Mountains, as well as two named lakes (Prichard Lake, and Smith lake), as well as a drinking water reservoir for the City of Campbellton. The park's watershed drains into Walker Brook.
The park measures approximately north to south, and east to west. It is bordered on the north by Route 11, on the east by Lily Lake Rd, on the south by Lac-des-Lys Rd, and on the west by Val d'Amour Rd.
Sugarloaf Mountain is encircled by a perimeter road which is closed to motor vehicles and is available for walking, jogging and running during the spring, summer and fall seasons. During the winter season, this perimeter road is groomed for cross country skiing. The summit of Sugarloaf Mountain itself is accessible from a hiking trail that climbs its eastern slope; this trail is closed during the winter season and is suitable for those with intermediate hiking experience.
The unnamed ridge south of Sugarloaf Mountain has a variety of trails extending to and around the lakes as well as through the alpine ski slope. A total of of groomed trails for snowmobiling and cross country skiing are available. The park experiences, on average, 300 to 400 mm of snow each year.
Sugarloaf Provincial Park has an alpine ski resort on the unnamed mountain ridge that is adjacent to but separate from Sugarloaf Mountain. During the winter months, the alpine ski resort offers a variety of alpine skiing for all enthusiasts ranging from beginner to expert, as well as other winter activities such as snowshoeing, cross country skiing, ice skating, snowmobiling, and sleigh rides.
During the summer months, the resort still operates its ski lift so that park visitors may ride it to take in vistas of the Restigouche River valley. The alpine ski hill also offers a downhill mountain bike park and used to have an alpine slide. which was removed in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20454385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454385" title="John Creighton (judge)">
John Creighton (judge)

John Creighton (1721 – November 8, 1807) was a founding father of Lunenburg, Nova Scotia. He led the settlement through the tubulent times of Father Le Loutre's War, the French and Indian War and the American Revolution. He represented Lunenburg County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1770 to 1775. After establishing the town, he lived the rest of his life in the village until he died fifty-four years later.
He was born in Glastonbury and served as a lieutenant in the British dragoons. In 1749, he went with Edward Cornwallis to Halifax. In 1753, he relocated to Lunenburg. Creighton was a justice of the peace and captain in the militia; he later became lieutenant-colonel. In 1753, he was named a judge in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas and, in 1776, he was named a judge for the probate court. Creighton married Lucy Clapp in 1760 after the death of his first wife, Maria. He was unsuccessful when he ran for a seat in the first election held in Nova Scotia. In 1775, he was named to the province's Council.
He participated in the Raid on Lunenburg (1782). He died in Lunenburg.
His daughter Lucy married Hibbert Newton Binney and his daughter Sarah married Lewis Morris Wilkins. His grandson, also named John Creighton, also served in the province's assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20454394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454394" title="Eungbongsan (Gangwon/North Gyeongsang)">
Eungbongsan (Gangwon/North Gyeongsang)

Eungbongsan is a mountain that sits on the border Samcheok, Gangwon-do and Uljin County, Gyeongsangbuk-do, in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20454420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454420" title="Leslie S. Hiscott">
Leslie S. Hiscott

Leslie S. Hiscott (sometimes known as Leslie Hiscott; 25 July 18943 May 1968) was a British film director and screenwriter who made over sixty films between 1925 and 1956. He was born in London in 1894. In 1931 he directed "Alibi", the first ever depiction of Hercule Poirot, Agatha Christie's famous detective, with Austin Trevor in the lead role. He directed a follow-up, "Black Coffee", also starring Trevor, the same year.
During the 1930s he became best known for his mystery films, also working on portrayals of Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes and A. E. W. Mason's Inspector Hanaud. He worked extensively at Twickenham Film Studios in west London where he was a co-founder.

</doc>
<doc id="20454423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454423" title="New Lyme">
New Lyme

New Lyme may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20454424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454424" title="Billy Hood">
Billy Hood

William "Billy" Hood was a footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Newton Heath from 1891 to 1894, as well as at Ismeretlen.

</doc>
<doc id="20454425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454425" title="Frederick Armory">
Frederick Armory

The Frederick Armory is one of a series of similar armories built for the Maryland National Guard in the early 20th century. The building explicitly copies features of medieval fortifications, with crenelated blocks at either end of a buttressed drill hall.
The armory is now a city recreation center.

</doc>
<doc id="20454471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454471" title="FortWhyte Alive">
FortWhyte Alive

FortWhyte Alive is an environmental, education and recreation center in Winnipeg, Manitoba. The large park and recreation facility is located in southwest Winnipeg along the migratory path of Canada Geese.
Highlights of FortWhyte’s 640 acres of prairie, lakes, forest and wetlands include a 70-acre bison Prairie and related heritage exhibits; more than 9 km of interpretive nature trails; a family treehouse, floating boardwalks, and songbirds, deer and waterfowl in their natural habitat. Year-round fishing is available or visitors can enjoy more contemplative pursuits such as canoeing, hiking or bird-watching. Winter offers unique opportunities to enjoy ice fishing, snowshoeing, skating or tobogganing. FortWhyte’s lakes, forest and marsh are well travelled, with over 100,000 visitors benefiting from our many programs and exhibits annually.
The award-winning 6,700 sq. ft. Alloway Reception Centre offers a broad range of visitor services including The Nature Shop and the outstanding Buffalo Stone Café. The striking 10,000 sq. ft. Interpretive Centre features fascinating exhibits including the Aquarium of the Prairies (Manitoba’s largest indoor aquarium), the Prairie Partners Room, the Touch Museum, the Climate Change Greenhouse and Prairie Soils dioramas among other exhibits relating to the environment and sustainable development. The secluded Siobhan Richardson Field Station and its three overnight cabins offer an ideal setting for longer term studies, camp programs and workshops.
Situated on a reclaimed clay mine and cement factory, FortWhyte Alive is a dynamic example of sustainable development. FortWhyte is well respected for offering objective, balanced programs that recognize the interdependency between a healthy economy and a healthy environment, while on the leading edge of environmental education, outdoor recreation and social enterprise programming. It is committed to promoting awareness and understanding of the natural world and actions that lead to sustainable living. This includes exploring the historical, current and future interaction between humans and the environment. It offers curriculum-based educational programs in both French and English to close to 30,000 school children each year; introducing students to the natural world and raising an awareness of their role in sustaining our planet. The FortWhyte Farms initiative allows disadvantaged youth to engage in urban agriculture-based, social and vocational skills training in FortWhyte’s beautiful natural setting.
Public programs at FortWhyte Alive are designed to inspire visitors of all ages with an appreciation for the natural world, with seminars, hands-on workshops and recreational activities offered in every season. Volunteers are a critical underpinning of the operation of FortWhyte and more than 300 volunteers are involved in every aspect of our work, from policy development at the Board level to the delivery of more than 40 school and public programs.

</doc>
<doc id="20454515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454515" title="This One's for Rock'n'roll – The Best of Hanoi Rocks 1980–2008">
This One's for Rock'n'roll – The Best of Hanoi Rocks 1980–2008

"This One's For Rock'n'Roll - The Best Of Hanoi Rocks 1980-2008" is a 2CD retrospective compilation album by Finnish hard rock band Hanoi Rocks, and also the band's last album before their second breakup, released on 26 November 2008 in Japan and 17 December 2008 worldwide. The album features 33 songs from both the original incarnation of the band and the incarnation from the new millennium since the 2002 reunion.

</doc>
<doc id="20454519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454519" title="Auguste Laval">
Auguste Laval

Antoine Marie "Auguste" Laval-Metz (4 February 1843 – 29 October 1915) was a Luxembourgish politician and industrialist. He sat in the Chamber of Deputies, of which he served as President from 1905 until 1915.
Laval-Metz was first elected to the Chamber in 1878, representing Luxembourg-Campagne. He sat in the Chamber for 12 years until 1890. Initially, Laval was an opponent of Prime Minister Paul Eyschen, who had been a childhood friend, but afterwards became one of Eyschen's strongest supporters. In 1890, Laval left the Chamber, before returning in 1899 for a three-year stint. In 1902, Laval became President of the Bar ().
He once again resumed his legislative position in a by-election in 1904, and remained until his death. He was elected President of the Chamber in 1905. His first act was to head the Chamber's deputation to Hohenburg Castle for the funeral of Grand Duke Adolphe.
Main issues during his tenure as President of the Chamber were of secularism and the creation of schools for girls. On the latter cause in particular, Laval was very involved, and was one of the architects of the creation of girls' schools in Luxembourg City, Diekirch, Echternach, and Esch-sur-Alzette. Laval died office in Berne, on 29 October 1915, having gone to Switzerland to recover from his illness the previous November.
Laval married Marie-Albertine-Petronille-Therese Metz, daughter of Auguste Metz of the politically influential Metz family.

</doc>
<doc id="20454525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454525" title="Alforja">
Alforja

Alforja can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20454558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454558" title="Hachinohe Freight Terminal">
Hachinohe Freight Terminal

Lines.
Hachinohe Freight Terminal is used by freight trains on the Tōhoku Main Line and Hachinohe Line. The terminal is also used by trains operating to and from the Hachinohe Rinkai Railway Line.
History.
The terminal opened on 1 December 1970 as a junction of Japanese National Railways (JNR) and the Hachinohe Rinkai Railway. Following privatization on 1 April 1987, the terminal was transferred from JNR to JR Freight ownership.

</doc>
<doc id="20454576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454576" title=".22 Winchester Automatic">
.22 Winchester Automatic

The .22 Winchester Automatic (also known as the .22 Winchester Auto and occasionally .22 Win Auto) is a .22 in (5.6mm) American rimfire rifle cartridge.
Introduced for the Winchester Model 1903 semiautomatic rifle, the .22 Win Auto was never used in any other firearm. It will not chamber correctly in other .22 rimfire weapons, nor will other .22 rimfire ammunition, including the very dimensionally-similar .22 Remington Automatic, interchange with it. This feature was to prevent use of black powder rounds, which were still popular when it first appeared, from being used in the M1903, resulting in powder residue rapidly clogging the action and rendering the weapon inoperable. 
The power of the .22 Win Auto is comparable to the .22 Long rimfire, and while it fires a heavier bullet, it offers no performance edge on either the .22 Long or the very much more common .22 Long Rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="20454584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454584" title="Salem el-Masri">
Salem el-Masri

Salem el-Masri (سالم المصري) is allegedly an explosives trainer with Al-Jihad, who worked first in Afghanistan, and then in Khartoum at the Al-Damazin Farms project owned by Osama bin Laden.
Life.
El-Masri was believed by Jamal al-Fadl to have trained with Hezbollah in Southern Lebanon, before finding himself attached to the Egyptian militant movement led by Ayman al-Zawahiri.
He was part of the group of Al-Qaeda trainers that included Abu Taha al-Sudan, Saif al-Islam el-Masry, and Saif al-Adel who was invited to go to Lebanon, after Hezbollah consulted with Iran.
According to a testimony by Jamal al-Fadl he taught the proper use of explosives in the Jihad Wahl training camp.
Jamal al-Fadl testified in 2001 that he had seen el-Masri at the Al-Damazin Farms. The Damazine Farm on the outskirts of Damazine City was an al-Qaeda farm that grew peanuts, sesame, and white corn, and which also was used for al-Qaeda weapons and explosives training, and was a base of el-Masri, as well as for other al-Qaeda members from Afghanistan and Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="20454633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454633" title="Stephen Hill (Australian footballer)">
Stephen Hill (Australian footballer)

Stephen Hill (born 1 May 1990) is an Australian rules footballer with the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League.
Junior career.
Hill played for West Perth in the WAFL and represented Western Australian in the 2008 AFL National Under 18 Championships and after playing some very impressive games was named in the Under-18 All-Australian Team. He was originally tipped to be drafted later in the draft, but in the week leading up to the draft it was widely predicted that Fremantle would select him before Subiaco's Daniel Rich.
AFL career.
After kicking a goal with his first kick in AFL football against the Western Bulldogs, courtesy of a 50-metre penalty, Hill had some quiet games before playing his best game in the round 6 Western Derby against the Eagles. Hill gathered 21 possessions, 2 goals and a game high 7 inside 50s in Fremantle's come from behind win, which saw him earn the AFL Rising Star nomination for round 6. In the same game he also polled the 3 brownlow votes as best on ground. Hill has improved dramatically over his short career at Fremantle, an example being his ability to think quickly and efficiently during games, attributed by his often surges of fast speed when possessing the ball.
Personal life.
Until he was drafted by Fremantle, Hill supported the West Coast Eagles. Hill is the older brother of Hawthorn Football Club player Bradley Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="20454661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454661" title="U.S. Route 522 in Pennsylvania">
U.S. Route 522 in Pennsylvania

U.S. Route 522 (US 522) is a part of the U.S. Highway System that runs from Powhatan, Virginia to Selinsgrove, Pennsylvania. In Pennsylvania, the U.S. highway runs from the Maryland state line near Warfordsburg north to its northern terminus at US 11 and US 15 in Selinsgrove. US 522 passes through the Ridge and Valley Province of the Appalachian Mountains of central Pennsylvania, connecting Hancock, Maryland on the Potomac River with McConnellsburg, Mount Union, Lewistown, Middleburg, and Selinsgrove on the Susquehanna River. The U.S. highway is part of the National Highway System along its concurrency with Interstate 70 (I-70) from the Maryland state line to Warfordsburg and from US 522's interchange with the Pennsylvania Turnpike (I-76) to Selinsgrove.
Route description.
US 522 enters Pennsylvania concurrent with I-70 (Eisenhower Memorial Highway) in Bethel Township in Fulton County, just north of Hancock. The Interstate and the U.S. highway split at Exit 168 in Warfordsburg, a diamond interchange where I-70 curves west while US 522 heads north. The US 522 roadway continues south of the interchange on Buck Valley Road (PA 484 at that point), which is the original alignment of US 522 south of the interchange. US 522 crosses Little Tonoloway Creek and heads northwest as Great Cove Road, passing through a gap in Tonoloway Ridge on its way to a junction with PA 643 (Flickersville Road) in the hamlet of Dott. The U.S. highway continues northeast around the northern edge of Tonoloway Ridge at the Belfast Township village of Needmore, where the highway has a brief concurrency with PA 655, which heads south as Thompson Road and north as Pleasant Valley Road. US 522 curves to the east, crossing Tonoloway Creek, ascending Timber Ridge, and descending the ridge to cross Licking Creek. The U.S. highway climbs over Scrub Ridge and curves to the northeast at the village of Big Cove Tannery in Ayr Township, where the highway intersects PA 928 (Big Cove Tannery Road) and crosses Big Cove Creek.
US 522 passes around the northern end of Dickeys Mountain and enters the broad valley between Meadow Grounds Mountain to the west and Tuscarora Mountain to the east. Near the northern end of the valley US 522 passes through the county seat of McConnellsburg, where the highway is named Second Street and passes near the Fulton House. In the center of the borough, the U.S. highway intersects Lincoln Way, which heads east as PA 16. Lincoln Way is the old alignment of US 30 and part of the original Lincoln Highway. US 522 heads north out of town and meets modern US 30 (Lincoln Highway) at a diamond interchange as the highway heads through the narrow valley between Little Scrub Ridge to the west and Cove Mountain to the east. The U.S. highway heads northwest through a gap in the former mountain into Dublin Township, where the highway intersects PA 475 (Waterfall Road) and meets the Pennsylvania Turnpike (also marked as I-76) at Exit 180, the Fort Littleton interchange. US 522 parallels the turnpike northeast to the village of Burnt Cabins, Pennsylvania just north of Sidneys Knob. Here the U.S. highway turns north into Huntingdon County.
US 522 heads north as Croghan Pike through Dublin Township on the east side of Shade Mountain. After intersecting PA 35 and PA 641 in the village of Shade Gap, the U.S. highway passes through a gap in Shade Mountain into the Locke Valley. US 522 heads north then curves west again through a gap in Blacklog Mountain. The U.S. highway becomes Ridgely Street in the borough of Orbisonia, where the highway intersects PA 994 (Elliot Street). US 522 parallels Aughwick Creek north through Shirleysburg to Allenport, where the highway meets the southern end of PA 103. Just north of Allenport, the old alignment of US 522, Shirley Street, splits to the west to serve Mount Union. US 522 bypasses the borough, paralleling the Juniata River north. The U.S. highway passes under the former Main Line of the Pennsylvania Railroad (now owned by Norfolk Southern Railway) before crossing the river into Mifflin County to an intersection with US 22 (William Penn Highway).
US 522 joins US 22 in a concurrency that heads northeast between Jacks Mountain to the northwest and the Juniata River to the southeast. The two highways pass through McVeytown on their way to Lewistown. In Granville Township, the old alignment continues straight into Lewistown as US 22 Business while US 522 and US 22 split to the opposite side of Big Ridge as a freeway. US 522 and US 22 meet US 322 at a directional interchange just north of Lewistown. The interchange also includes ramps from all directions to access Electric Avenue. The three U.S. highways join in a concurrency for a short distance south into the county seat before US 522 leaves the freeway for Walnut Street. Northbound US 522 accesses Walnut Street via Logan Street. US 22 and US 322 continue on the freeway toward Harrisburg.
US 522 crosses Kishacoquillas Creek and soon leaves Lewistown. The U.S. highway heads northeast through the valley of Jacks Creek between Jacks Mountain to the north and Shade Mountain to the south, a valley that has several short ridges itself. US 522 passes through the hamlet of Alfarata before entering Snyder County. The U.S. highway continues northeast through McClure, Beavertown, and Beaver Springs, where the highway has a concurrency with PA 235. US 522 also has a concurrency with PA 104 in the county seat of Middleburg, where the highway crosses Middle Creek. The U.S. highway follows the creek east through Kreamer before the stream heads southeast as US 522 continues east toward Selinsgrove. US 522 intersects University Avenue, the old alignment of US 522 that heads toward Susquehanna University and downtown Selinsgrove, before entering the borough limits. The U.S. highway intersects the southern end of PA 204 and Broad Street before reaching its former eastern terminus at Market Street. Market Street, which heads south into downtown, is the old alignment of US 11 and US 15. US 522 turns north onto Market Street, crosses over Penns Creek, and passes by the entrance to Penn Valley Airport. US 522 reaches its northern terminus at a partial cloverleaf interchange with US 11 and US 15. US 11 and US 15 head south as a freeway toward Harrisburg. US 11 and US 15 continue north along the US 522 roadway toward Hummels Wharf. The freeway ends as a stub just north of the interchange.

</doc>
<doc id="20454664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454664" title="Grace Church Van Vorst">
Grace Church Van Vorst

The Grace Church Van Vorst, is located in Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 1, 1979. The church was built in 1853 and was named after the former Van Vorst Township. The church is an English Gothic-style Episcopalian church and was designed by Detlef Lienau. The building is constructed with brownstone and has a slate roof. The church was expanded in 1864 with the addition of two bays to the west and a baptistry added midway on the south side of the building. The 57-foot high square tower was added in 1912. Adjacent to the church is a rectory that was also designed by Lienau in a similar style to the church.

</doc>
<doc id="20454674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454674" title="Beauty and the Beast (Stevie Nicks song)">
Beauty and the Beast (Stevie Nicks song)

"Beauty and the Beast" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Stevie Nicks. It is the final track on her second album "The Wild Heart", released in 1983. It was later released in a live version from Nicks 1986 "Rock a Little" tour as a B-side to the UK single "Whole Lotta Trouble" in October 1989. It also appears on two compilations: "Timespace – The Best of Stevie Nicks", released in 1991, and the boxset, "Enchanted", released in 1998. A new studio version appears on her album, "The Soundstage Sessions", released in 2009.
Inspiration and Interpretations.
The song receives its titles and initial inspiration from French filmmaker Jean Cocteau's 1946 film "Beauty and the Beast", one of Stevie Nicks' favorite classic films. Nicks explains the importance of the song to her, both during live performances and in various interviews, as one that encompasses her whole life and represents how everyone is either a beauty or a beast, usually both 
On its re-release in "Timespace – The Best of Stevie Nicks" (1991), she dedicates the song to Vincent and Catherine, of the late 80's television show, "Beauty and the Beast."
Studio session.
"Beauty and the Beast" was recorded during a single three hour session in Gordon Perry's recording studio. It is recorded with a full string orchestra and grand piano. During the recording session, Stevie Nicks and her back-up vocalists wore long black gowns and served champagne to the visiting musicians.
Personnel (1983 studio version).
Main performers
String section 
Personnel (2009 studio version).
Main performers
String section
Live performance.
During her 2006 and 2007 tours, Stevie Nicks performed "Beauty and the Beast" as her encore. For this number, she changed into a black dress and styled her hair into an up-do to resemble Belle from the 1946 film. Footage from the film played in the background as well while she performed. Due to issues obtain copyrights for the 1946 film, a performance of the song was cut from the final edit of her 2009 "Live in Chicago" DVD. Instead, a new studio version recorded in Nashville in January 2008 appears on the accompanying album, "The Soundstage Sessions".

</doc>
<doc id="20454678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454678" title="Ltyentye Apurte Community">
Ltyentye Apurte Community

The Ltyentye Apurte Community, also known as Santa Teresa, is an Arrernte indigenous community in the Northern Territory, Australia, located about from Alice Springs.
Governance.
The community is governed by a Community Government Council which runs the health service and some other facilities. Since 1 July 2008, the MacDonnell Shire is the responsible local government for the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20454692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454692" title="Gachilbong (Inje County/Yanggu County)">
Gachilbong (Inje County/Yanggu County)

Gachilbong is a mountain that sits on the boundary between the counties of Yanggu and Inje, in Gangwon-do, South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20454705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454705" title="Hugh Couchman">
Hugh Couchman

Hugh Couchman is a Canadian astronomer and professor at McMaster University. He is a computational astrophysicist who studies the growth of structure in the universe via gravitational N-body simulations.
Hugh Couchmen is a founder of SHARCNET, a consortium of universities in South Western Ontario that have joined high performance computers together by optical fiber.

</doc>
<doc id="20454725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454725" title="John C. Motter House">
John C. Motter House

The John C. Motter House in Frederick, Maryland is a Queen Anne style house built "circa" 1880. The unusual 3½ story house features beveled corners with brick corbels. The house was built in what was then a rural area beyond the north end of Frederick. The house is associated with Judge John C. Motter of the Maryland Sixth Judicial Circuit Court, who resided there from the 1880s to 1914.
The house is presently used as offices.

</doc>
<doc id="20454750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454750" title="Windows NT 6.1">
Windows NT 6.1

Windows NT 6.1 can refer to these versions of Microsoft Windows operating systems:

</doc>
<doc id="20454753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454753" title="Russian hostage crisis">
Russian hostage crisis

Russian hostage crisis might refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20454769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454769" title="Feels Good to Me">
Feels Good to Me

Feels Good to Me is the debut solo album by the British drummer Bill Bruford. The band Bruford grew out of the line-up assembled for this album. Led by drummer Bill Bruford, the album also features guitarist Allan Holdsworth and John Goodsall, bassist Jeff Berlin, keyboardist Dave Stewart, and ECM flügelhorn stalwart Kenny Wheeler. He also enlisted singer and songwriter Annette Peacock. Musically, the album does not sound like the early Canterbury sound but is more reminiscent of contemporaries Brand X, with whom they shared guitarist John Goodsall. The album, released in August 1978, is also considered a "vanguard of progressive jazz improvised music".
Track listing.
2005 bonus cut
11. "Joe Frazier" (Berlin) 4:39
Personnel.
with

</doc>
<doc id="20454770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454770" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Alleghany County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Alleghany County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Alleghany County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20454854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454854" title="James Godkin">
James Godkin

James Godkin (1806 – 2 May 1879) was an Irish author and journalist who was influential on ecclesiastical and land questions.
Early life and family.
Godkin was born at Gorey in County Wexford, into a Roman Catholic farming family. As a young man he married Sarah, a daughter of Anthony Lawrence, described as a "comfortable proprietor" of County Wicklow, who was of Cromwellian settler ancestry. Together, they had three daughters and two sons, one of whom was Edwin Lawrence Godkin.
Career.
In 1834, Godkin was ordained as a Congregational minister and became a pastor in Armagh. He later worked as a missionary to Roman Catholics for the Irish Evangelical Society.
In 1836, he published "A Guide from the Church of Rome to the Church of Christ" and in 1838 founded the "Christian Patriot" newspaper at Belfast. His counter-blast to the Oxford Movement, "The Touchstone of Orthodoxy and Apostolic Christianity, or, The People's Antidote Against Puseyism and Romanism", appeared in 1842. His religious work was forceful but showed little bigotry.
In 1842, Godkin became an ally of Charles Gavan Duffy on the Irish land question, and his interest in religion began to give way to his involvement in political protest. In 1845 it was revealed that he had written a prize-winning essay called "The Rights of Ireland", and he parted company with the Irish Evangelical Society.
Godkin became a journalist. He edited the "Derry Standard", and in 1848 he decided to abandon the ministry. He next moved to London, where he worked as a contributor to many publications, including the "British Quarterly Review", the "North British Review", the "Standard of Freedom", the "Belfast Independent", and the "Freeman's Journal". In 1850, he was an active member of the Irish Tenant League. After two years in England, he moved to Dublin, where he took up the chief editorial post on the city's new "Daily Express" newspaper. Simultaneously, he was the Dublin correspondent of "The Times" of London.
Godkin was an influential writer on ecclesiastical and land questions. He published a treatise called "Ireland and her Churches" (1867), which advocated equal treatment of the churches in Ireland, as well as security of land tenure for the Irish people. It also contained outspoken views on the Famine, emigration, the Land War, and education. A British government led by Gladstone decided to support the disestablishment of the Church of Ireland, and the Irish Church Disestablishment Act 1869 took effect on 1 January 1871. In the 1860s, Godkin's work on Irish subjects appeared in the "Fortnightly Review".
In 1869, he travelled around much of Ulster and the rest of Ireland to test public opinion on the land question, which led to his book "The Land War in Ireland" (1870). This coined the name of the ensuing Land War rural agitation of the 1880s. The book was influential as it coincided with the Dublin Land Conference in 1870 and the Landlord & Tenant (Ireland) Act 1870, the first of the reforming Irish Land Acts.
Godkin also published work on religion and education in India and a history of England from 1820 to 1861.
In 1873, on the recommendation of Gladstone, Queen Victoria granted Godkin a pension from the Civil List. When he died in 1879 he was living in England at Upper Norwood, Surrey and was buried at West Norwood Cemetery. One son, Edwin Lawrence Godkin, became a notable newspaper editor in America, editor-in-chief of "The Nation" and the "Evening Post", and in 1870 declined the appointment of professor of history at Harvard.
Godkin's "Ireland and Her Churches" was republished in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20454917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454917" title="Gregory Fahlman">
Gregory Fahlman

Gregory Fahlman, is a Canadian astronomer specializing in the study of globular clusters.
Since 2003, he has been Director General of the NRC Herzberg Institute of Astrophysics in Victoria, British Columbia.
He has served on numerous national committees and review panels, including the Board of Directors of the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope (CFHT). From June 1999 until January 2003 Dr. Fahlman served as CFHT's Executive Director.
In 2013, he was made a member of the Order of British Columbia in recognition for being a "world renowned astronomy researcher".

</doc>
<doc id="20454920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20454920" title="Chris Yarran">
Chris Yarran

Christopher "Chris" Yarran (born 19 December 1990) is an Australian rules footballer with the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Yarran is an indigenous footballer who played his junior years in Western Australia. He was primarily a small forward in his junior days, but he occasionally spent time in the midfield and defence. As a seventeen-year-old, Yarran gained selection into the Swan Districts senior team, where he played thirteen games and scored 39 goals, including seven on debut and eight in three finals matches. He played with Western Australia in the Under 18s championships and scored eight goals in four games. He was also a member of the AIS/AFL Academy Squad and captained a team from the Clontarf Football Academy in a game against a visiting South African Under 19's side in February 2007. 
Yarran was a noted talent and was expected to be drafted high, with some considering him to be the one of most talented players available in the draft. He would ultimately be selected by the Carlton Football Club with its first round selection (No. 6 overall) in the 2008 AFL National Draft. At draft time, Carlton coach Brett Ratten said that Yarran could assist fellow small forward Eddie Betts, and help to reduce the defensive pressure on then full-forward Brendan Fevola.
Yarran played his first senior game for Carlton in Round 7, 2009 against Fremantle. He played sporadically for Carlton during the season, managing six games, but played most of his games with Carlton's , the Northern Bullants, including a five-goal performance in the VFL preliminary final. In 2010, Yarran played sixteen games for Carlton, and earned an AFL Rising Star nomination. Throughout that season, Yarran formed part of a short-lived forward-line structure consisting of tall full-forward Setanta Ó hAilpín, and three small forwards (Betts, Yarran, and Yarran's Swan Districts team-mate Jeff Garlett) who became known as "Setanta's Little Helpers".
In 2011, coach Brett Ratten abandoned the tactic of playing three small forwards in favour of two: Betts and Garlett. Yarran was moved onto the half-back line, and within the year became a damaging rebounding defender, able to use his speed, agility and accurate disposal to set up much of Carlton's rebound play. Yarran played twenty-three games for the season and finished tenth in the John Nicholls Medal. His output in the 2012 season was interrupted by a turf toe injury, but he was the winner of the Goal of the Year, for a goal in Round 1 in which he gathered a loose ball on the half-forward flank, evaded three opponents and skirted the boundary line before goaling from 50m.
Yarran featured in the award-winning 2010 documentary film, "Three Boys Dreaming", which follows the lives of three young indigenous footballers over a four-year period.

</doc>
<doc id="20455065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455065" title="Shoku Nihon Kōki">
Shoku Nihon Kōki

Background.
Following the earlier national history "Nihon Kōki" (840), in 855 Emperor Saga ordered the compilation of the years since then. Primarily edited by Fujiwara no Yoshifusa and Haruzumi no Yoshitsuna, the text was completed in 869.
Contents.
Written in Kanbun-style and contained within 20 volumes, the contents covered 18 years spanning 833 and 850. As opposed to the previous national histories, it is the first to cover a single reign, that of Emperor Ninmyō setting the model for future national histories.

</doc>
<doc id="20455076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455076" title="John Lie">
John Lie

John Lie is Class of 1959 Professor of sociology and Dean of International and Area Studies at the University of California, Berkeley. His principal academic interests are social theory, political economy, social identity, and East Asia.
Lie was born in 1959 in Seoul, South Korea. He grew up in Tokyo, Japan, and Honolulu, Hawaii. After graduating from Punahou School, he attended Harvard University (A.B., Social Studies, 1982; Ph.D., Sociology, 1988). He has held tenured appointments at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign and the University of Michigan, as well as holding visiting appointments at Yonsei University, Keio University, Harvard University, and other institutions.
Lie's "sociological imagination" trilogy explores the intersection of biography, history, and social structure by analyzing his Korean diasporic experience. The trilogy comprises "Blue Dreams: Korean Americans and the Los Angeles Riots", "Han Unbound: The Political Economy of South Korea", and "Multiethnic Japan". These books have transformed our understanding of topics ranging from ethnic conflict and economic growth to the nature of contemporary Japanese society. The latest addition is "Zainichi (Koreans in Japan): Diasporic Nationalism and Postcolonial Identity." He is a widely cited and quoted authority on the Korean diaspora.
Perhaps his most important book to date is "Modern Peoplehood". It seeks to advance a unified theory to make sense of race, nation, ethnicity, racism, and (peoplehood) identity. By advancing a general theory of race, ethnicity, and nation that avoids ethnocentrism and essentialism, his theory of "modern peoplehood" promises to advance the current impasse of social-scientific discussion on these topics.
Lie joined the UC Berkely faculty in 2003. He was appointed Dean of International and Area Studies in July 2004. In that capacity, he has been at the forefront of globalizing the university.

</doc>
<doc id="20455099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455099" title="Litong District">
Litong District

Litong District () is a District of the city of Wuzhong in the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. It has a total area of , and a population of approximately 350,000 people (2003).
Litong District includes Wuzhong's main urban area, and therefore is usually not marked separately on less-detailed maps, which simply mark the location as "Wuzhong".
Characteristics.
Situated on the bank of the Yellow River, Litong District is well known for its agricultural products. Rice paddy products are the most famous. Beginning in 1998, the district's irrigation office and Hohai University teamed up to research the applications of the high-yielding irrigation techniques employed in the district's rice paddies. The district's postal code is 751100.
Administrative units.
Since the last administrative reorganization (2007), Litong District has been divided into 12 township-level units, namely 8 towns and 12 townships.
Eight towns:
Four townships:
There are also special administrative units:

</doc>
<doc id="20455143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455143" title="Naganawashiro Station">
Naganawashiro Station

History.
Naganawashiro Station was opened on June 1, 1934 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). With the privatization of the Japan National Railways (the successor to the JGR) on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East. Automatic ticket machines were installed in February 2006.
Station layout.
Naganawashiro Station has a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic. There is a small rain shelter built on top of the platform, but there is no station building. The station is unattended.

</doc>
<doc id="20455234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455234" title="The Rebirth">
The Rebirth

The Rebirth (originally titled "Underground Love") is the third studio album from R&B singer Bobby V. It was released on February 10, 2009. The album is V's first to be released through his record label Blu Kolla Dreams, and debuted at number seven on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, selling 64,000 copies in its first week. The first single "Beep" reached 55 on the billboard 100 and 6 on the R&B and Hip-Hop his chart, the second single "Hands On Me" reached number 56.
Concept.
After V's sophomore disc, "Special Occasion", was scarcely supported by his soon-to-be-former label, it was clearly time to re-envision his career. The introspection and soul-searching resulted in "The Rebirth". Alongside producers LOS Da Maestro, Raphael Saadiq, Big Fruit and long-time collaborators Tim & Bob, the album, which revolves around relationships, offers a mature effort that will both please loyal fans and win over fickle critics. The album's lead single, "Beep" featuring Yung Joc, was released via iTunes on October 7, 2008 and details the joys of adventurous sex. Bobby notes,
Bobby was especially honored to work with Grammy Award-winner Raphael Saadiq, who produced "Just Me & You" for the project, which covers Saadiq's 1991 hit "Just Me and You." Bobby beams:
Tim & Bob crafted "3 Is the New 2," a Jodeci-tinged joint playing on the phrase "30 is the new 20." On working with the duo Bobby explains:
Additional tracks include "Hands on Me," about a desperate attempt to remain faithful despite a very tempting dalliance, the mid-tempo ballad "Butterfly Tattoo," which evokes '80s Prince, complete with synthesized accents and an electric guitar solo, and the ballad "Give Me Your Heart," on which Bobby takes listeners to church with divine chords and an evangelical falsetto.
"The Rebirth" also marks V's production debut with the track "Make You Say," inspired by the hook he wrote and sings on Lil Wayne's hit "Mrs. Officer."

</doc>
<doc id="20455254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455254" title="Mitch Robinson">
Mitch Robinson

Mitch Robinson (born 7 June 1989) is an Australian rules footballer with the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League.
Robinson is a midfielder/half-forward who played junior football in Tasmania. In 2008, as an eighteen-year-old, he played eleven games for the Tasmanian Devils Football Club in the Victorian Football League, as well as two games for the Lauderdale Football Club seniors in the Southern Football League, and one game for the Tassie Mariners in the TAC Cup. He featured prominently at the AFL Under-18s Championship, winning the award as the Hunter-Harrison Medal as the best player in Division Two of the competition. He was drafted by the Carlton Football Club with its 3rd round selection (No. 40 overall) in the 2008 AFL National Draft, and made his debut in Round 1, 2009 against Richmond at the M.C.G., scoring three goals.
Robinson played sporadically in the AFL in his first two seasons, playing 26 of 46 possible games for Carlton and spending the rest of the time with Northern Bullants. His breakthrough came in the 2011 season, when he won a regular place in the team, and became a key ball-winner in the midfield; at midseason, Herald Sun commentator Mark Robinson heralded him as the league's most improved player, and he went on to finish seventh in the John Nicholls Medal count for the season, and was selected to represent Australia in the 2011 International Rules Series.
Robinson quickly became popular with Carlton fans for his incredible hardness at the ball – often in apparent disregard for his own safety, to the point where his style is frequently described as "kamikaze".

</doc>
<doc id="20455264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455264" title="Konakano Station">
Konakano Station

History.
Konakano Station was opened on June 1, 1934 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). With the privatization of the Japan National Railways (the successor to the JGR) on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East. It has been unattended since December 10, 2005. Automatic ticket machines were installed in February 2006.
Station layout.
Konakano Station is an elevated station with a single side platform serving bidirectional traffic.

</doc>
<doc id="20455270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455270" title="Mahmoud Khalil Al-Hussary">
Mahmoud Khalil Al-Hussary

Shaykh Mahmoud Khalil al-Husary () was a renowned reciter of the Qur'ân. He died in 1980.
He was born in a village called Shobra al-Namla in Tanta, Egypt in 1910. Mahmoud entered the Qur'ân School at the age of four. At 8, he had already memorized the whole Qur'ân and at 12, he entered to the religious institute and learned the ten qira'aat (recitations) in al-Azhar University.
When he was twenty-five years of age he went to Tanta and established himself as a reciter. He was the reciter at the well-known Ahmadî mosque there. Ten years later, in 1944, he moved to Cairo and entered the official radio station as a reciter where he made his first recitation on February 16, 1944. On August 7, 1948, he was nominated Mu'adhin of Sidi Hamza Mosque and then a reciter in the same mosque. He was also supervising recitation centers of al-Gharbia province.
In 1949, Mahmoud Khalil al-Husary was appointed reciter of Sidi Ahmed al-Badaoui of Tanta, of al-Ahmadi Mosque and then of al-Imam al-Hussein Mosque in Cairo by 1955.
In Cairo, sheikh al-Husary also studied at al-Azhar University: he was a well-known religious scholar and author of many books on various aspects of the Qur'ân. He was also involved in the recent Azhari printing of the Qur'ânic text. His status as reciter was somewhat official: he held the title Shaykh al-Maqâri (Scholar of the Reciters), and his opinions were frequently solicited and quoted by the media. He also accompanied the rector of al-Azhar on his travels and was invited to participate in the World of Islam festival in London (1976). Shaykh al-Husary's recordings are widely distributed outside Egypt. As one of the four top-ranking reciters in Egypt, he recorded the complete Qur'ânic text in both styles of recitation, murattal (tarteel) and mujawwad (tajwid) and was the first to record and broadcast the murattal style. Shaykh al-Husary is known for the correctness of his recitation (tajwid). His son also recites professionally.
Mahmoud Khalil al-Husary was one of the most esteemed reciters of his time. A serial, “Imam Al Moqr’ine”, starring Hassan Youssef, was dedicated to al-Husary’s life and performances.

</doc>
<doc id="20455290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455290" title="Yanchi County">
Yanchi County

Yanchi County () is a county under the administration of Wuzhong city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. Covering a total area of 6787 square kilometers, it has a population of about 150,000 people.
Characteristics.
Yanchi County is one of China's most impoverished counties. Economic development has been slow, because much of the land in the county is wasteland with alkali soil, making farming difficult. Also, to cancel agricultural taxes on these lands, the county government has in recent years developed the cultivation of honey and high-tech herbs. The town of Huamachi serves as the location for the county government offices. The county's postal code is 751500.

</doc>
<doc id="20455314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455314" title="Coherent electromagnetic radio tomography">
Coherent electromagnetic radio tomography

The Coherent Electromagnetic Radio Tomography (CERTO) is a radio beacon which measures ionospheric parameters in coordination with ground receivers. CERTO provides global ionospheric maps to aid prediction of radio wave scattering. CERTO was developed by the Naval Research Lab and is one of the 4 experiment packages on PicoSAT satellite. CERTO has near real time measurements of the ionosphere.

</doc>
<doc id="20455322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455322" title=".22 Remington Automatic">
.22 Remington Automatic

The .22 Remington Automatic (also known as the .22 Remington Auto and occasionally .22 Rem Auto) is a .22 in (5.6mm) American rimfire rifle cartridge.
Introduced for the Remington Model 16 semiautomatic rifle in 1916, the .22 Rem Auto was never used in any other firearm. It will not chamber correctly in other .22 rimfire weapons, nor will other .22 rimfire ammunition, including the very dimensionally-similar .22 Winchester Automatic, interchange with it. This feature was to prevent use of black powder rounds, which were still popular when it first appeared, from being used in the Model 16, resulting in powder residue rapidly clogging the action and rendering the weapon inoperable.
The power of the .22 Remington Auto is comparable to the .22 Long rimfire, and while it fires a heavier bullet, it offers no performance edge on either the .22 Long or the very much more common .22 Long Rifle. It is not as accurate or as effective as the .22 LR, either.

</doc>
<doc id="20455329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455329" title="Media of Zimbabwe">
Media of Zimbabwe

The media of Zimbabwe has seen varying amounts of control by successive governments, coming under tight restriction in recent years by the government of Robert Mugabe, particularly during the growing economic and political crisis in the country. The Zimbabwean constitution promotes freedom of the media and expression, however this is hampered by interference and the implementation of strict media laws. In its 2008 report, Reporters Without Borders ranked the Zimbabwean media as 151st out of 173.
History.
1965–1980.
During the period 1965-1980 in Pre-2nd Independence Rhodesia, one of the main aims of the struggle was for a free press, both supported by the Zimbabwe People's Liberation Army and Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army which both claimed to repeal several media laws. Independent press had struggled to report in the country for many years, with many restrictive laws imposed by the minority government of Ian Smith; such as the Official Secrets Act, which made it a crime to report on "classified information" and the Law and Order Maintenance Act (LOMA), where the state could take action against individuals—including 20 years imprisonment. Such acts were used to impose a media blackout on reporting on the heavy casualties suffered by the Rhodesian Government Forces. Media was ordered to focus on casualties on the other side and to report on their retreats to Zambia and Mozambique.
1980–1999.
After independence in 1980, the government of Robert Mugabe did not implement the proposed media reforms carried over from the colonial years, which were instead seen as useful for disseminating information approved by the government. The only act to be repealed was the Powers, Privileges, and Immunities of Parliament Act, which had made it illegal for media to report on debates in parliament. In January 1981, the government set up the Zimbabwe Mass Media Trust (ZMMT) as part of the government's new media policy, under widespread criticism of the national media, which at the time was inherited from foreign control. It was originally intended to serve as an authority to oversee the transition of the media from white minority control to Zimbabwean society as a whole and to regulate the media. The government emphasised that the media be free, non-partisan, mass-orientated and serve the national interest; however, a growing presence of the Ministry of Information into the media effected its original function. 
Despite difficult working conditions for the media, they had contributed to improved governance in Zimbabwe. In 1987, despite threats from the Zimbabwe National Army where the disease was taking its toll, the "Financial Gazette" newspaper published its first article on AIDS. The topic was vigorously covered in the private media, which later led to the government's decision to facilitate maximum publicity and education on the disease. Around the late 1980s, while the government was favouring a one-party state based on its alliances with other communist states, independent media launched a campaign against this style of governance, which was later joined by the public, churches and opposition groups. By 1988, the concept was abandoned and continued in its multi-party form. In 1989, "Chronicle" editors Geoffrey Nyarota and Davison Maruziva exposed what was known as the Willowgate scandal which exposed corruption of the authorities during a shortage of foreign currency in Zimbabwe. It emerged that foreign vehicles were sold at cheaper prices compared to the public which were sold the vehicles at highly inflated prices. Media coverage led to the resignation of six government officials, one of whom later committed suicide. This was followed by further scandals in the 1990s which involved the looting of funds set aside for government projects by government officials, which the media brought to the attention of parliament. The government responded with corrective actions, though not all of the suspects were punished. The looting of diamonds in the Democratic Republic of the Congo by the Zimbabwe National Army on a peacekeeping mission also led to a national investigation.
A decline in popularity of the government in the late 1990s and growing instability saw the emergence of independent newspapers critical of the government, including the "Financial Gazette", "Daily News" and "The Standard". The independent press competed with the more dominant state media, particularly the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation, which is currently the sole TV and radio broadcaster in the country. The emergence of this new media, along with civic groups and opposition parties, successfully changed government policy from a one-party state to a multi-party system.
1999-present.
All news media in the country are careful to reflect the government line when reporting by self-censorship. Private press was common and still exists, however since the 2002 Access to Information and Protection of Privacy Act (AIPPA) was passed, (which replaced LOMA from 40 years earlier) a number of outlets were shut down by the government, including "The Daily News" the same year. As a result, many press organisations have been set up in both neighbouring and Western countries by exiled Zimbabweans. However, because the internet is currently unrestricted, many Zimbabweans are allowed to access online news sites set up by exiled journalists. Reporters Without Borders claims the media in Zimbabwe involves "surveillance, threats, imprisonment, censorship, blackmail, abuse of power and denial of justice are all brought to bear to keep firm control over the news." Opposition views are often skewed, scantly covered or not mentioned in the state media, which has also criticised demonstrations and strikes against the government. Until July 2009, a Zambian newspaper, "The Post", was the only foreign newspaper allowed to work in the country, along with the Associated Press, Agence France-Presse, Al Jazeera and SABC news agencies.
After a power sharing deal was agreed by Zanu PF and the opposition MDC in February 2009, Morgan Tsvangirai announced he was to "democratise" the state media and repeal many strict laws in order for the media to have a more meaningful role in the rebuilding of the country. The MDC had accused the state media of "gutter journalism" and biased reporting against the party. In April 2009, the coalition government planned to review media restrictions, including the removal of bans for some foreign news agencies and to create a new media commission to issue licenses. Zanu PF Minister of Justice Patrick Chinamasa said there was an "agreement to review the media policy so as to create a political climate where divergent voices will be heard." The media environment is slowly improving in Zimbabwe; on July 28, 2009, Zimbabwean journalists set up a rights body, the Zimbabwe Journalists for Human Rights to defend media freedom in the country and the establishment of a new government body, the Zimbabwe Media Commission to replace the defunct Media and Information Commission. Three papers – the previously banned "Daily News", "Financial Gazette" and "NewsDay" were to relaunch. A license was issued to the Associated Newspapers of Zimbabwe (ANZ) that publishes "Daily News" which the government previously banned, was now free to operate. The "Daily News" newspaper re-appeared again on March 18, 2011, with its first article questioning whether Robert Mugabe should continue to rule at the age of 87.
Relations with foreign media and governments.
The Zimbabwean press at times has strained relations with foreign press and governments. Governments from neighbouring countries such as Botswana and Zambia, as well as Tanzania who have a tense relationship with Zimbabwe, have regularly protested against attacks on their countries by Zimbabwean state media. The government also banned many foreign broadcasting stations from Zimbabwe, including the BBC, CNN, Sky News, CBC, Australian Broadcasting Corporation, Channel Four, ABC and Fox News. However, restrictions were lifted in July 2009, meaning the BBC and CNN could again operate in the country, however other aforementioned Western news media organizations are still forbidden to operate. News agencies and newspapers from other Western countries and South Africa have also been banned from the country. Other stations that were allowed into Zimbabwe, such as Al Jazeera, were told to be "more objective" in their reporting by the Zimbabwean government during the presidential election. 
Rising media fees for reporting in the country have also caused condemnation from foreign journalists claiming that freedom of expression will deteriorate. The Ministry of Information claimed the rising costs were necessary to prevent foreign journalists for "distorting stories".
Newspapers.
Zimbabwe is host to some of the oldest newspapers in Africa; "The Herald", Zimbabwe's major newspaper, replaced the "Mashonaland and Zambesian Times", which was present from the late 1890s. "The Herald", once an influential paper, has seen a decline in readership from 132,000 to between 50,000 and 100,000 in recent years. The influential "Daily News", which regularly published criticism of the government, was shut down in 2002, however its director Wilf Mbanga started "The Zimbabwean" soon after to continue challenging the Mugabe regime. The first daily independent Zimbabwean daily newspaper, following "Daily News", "NewsDay", started publishing in 2010. The Zimbabwean government does not practice censorship as such (less so than in the colonial era Rhodesia, which restricted much of the entertainment and media industry), but restricts the type of content the press can publish. Journalists can be fired by the Ministry of Information if content is deemed inappropriate. Other notable Zimbabwean newspapers in print include "The Chronicle (Zimbabwe)" "The Financial Gazette", the "Zimbabwe Independent", and the "Zimbabwe Daily News". Zimbabwean online newspapers include, iHarare.comThe Zimbabwe Daily and Bulawayo24 News.
Newspapers are less readily available in the countryside, where radio is the main source of news.
Television and radio.
Most television and radio media are controlled by the government Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation. There are 16 channels available. However, satellite stations are received in the country unrestricted. Coverage in rural areas is low, due to poor infrastructure. Overall, 30% of the population receives broadcasts by the ZBC, so radio is the main source of information. In 2006, a parliamentary committee in Zimbabwe called for an opening up of the broadcast media. Chinese technology has been used to jam frequencies used by foreign based radio stations in South Africa, the US and the UK that criticise the government. The vast majority of the media is practically propaganda, all of it either eulogizes Mugabe, features pan-African programming, and heavily spreads anti-British and anti-American sentiment on its TV and radio programming. 
In 2012 two private radio stations, StarFM and ZiFM were launched. StarFM is owned by the government-controlled Zimpapers. It offers diverse political views and an expanded entertainment schedule. ZiFM, owned by Zanu-Pf MP Supa Mandiwanzira is more focused on entertainment although it also offers diverse political and social opinion programmes. The two stations are seen as direct competition to ZBC's commercial radio station, Power FM. 
In the presidential elections in 2008, the media gave significantly more coverage to the ruling party, Zanu PF, and rarely showed opposition broadcasts. It was also criticised for inciting violence against the opposition.
Internet.
Internet use is unrestricted by the government as 10.9% of the population are able to access it, due to high costs. However, this is one of the highest rates of usage in Africa. Due to the unrestricted nature of the internet, foreign based Zimbabwean papers and news sites are accessible from inside Zimbabwe. The government has considered monitoring emails and restricting internet sites for the purposes of "national security", but currently this is not in place. In 2007, according to the CIA World Factbook, 1.35 million Zimbabweans were able to access the internet. Currently, there are 27 internet service providers in Zimbabwe, reflecting the growing usage of the internet.

</doc>
<doc id="20455380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455380" title="Shirogane Station">
Shirogane Station

History.
Shirogane Station was opened on June 1, 1934 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). With the privatization of the Japan National Railways (the post-war successor to the JGR) on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East. The station has been unattended since December 10, 2005. Augutomatic ticket machines were installed in February 2006.
Station layout.
Shirogane Station has one side platform serving bidirectional traffic, with a small shelter on the platform. The station is unattended.

</doc>
<doc id="20455391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455391" title="Christmas orchid">
Christmas orchid

Christmas orchid is a name for various orchids, flowering around the time of Christmas or otherwise popular as a Christmas decoration:

</doc>
<doc id="20455395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455395" title="To Lose My Life (song)">
To Lose My Life (song)

"To Lose My Life" is a single by London indie rock band White Lies. It was released on 12 January 2009, one week before the release of the band's debut album, "To Lose My Life...". "To Lose My Life" was featured in the soundtrack of the 2009 game, "DiRT 2". In May 2010, the show 90210 played this song in the end scene. The song was also featured in a promo for the hit TV series, The Vampire Diaries, as well as being featured in Episode 7 of Season 1.
The Hills played this song in the episode "Crazy In Love" of 5th season (4th episode).
Recording history.
The single was recorded during one of the band's album sessions which took place between May and September 2008. The video for the single was directed by Andreas Nilsson, who directed the video for the band's previous single "Death".

</doc>
<doc id="20455422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455422" title="Karen Vogtmann">
Karen Vogtmann

Karen Vogtmann (born July 13, 1949 in Pittsburg, California) is a U.S. mathematician working primarily in the area of geometric group theory. She is known for having introduced, in a 1986 paper with Marc Culler, an object now known as the Culler–Vogtmann Outer space. The Outer space is a free group analog of the Teichmüller space of a Riemann surface and is particularly useful in the study of the group of outer automorphisms of the free group on "n" generators, Out("F""n"). Vogtmann is a Professor of Mathematics at Cornell University.
Biographical data.
Vogtmann was inspired to pursue mathematics by a National Science Foundation summer program for high school students at the University of California, Berkeley.
She received a B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1971. Vogtmann then obtained a PhD in Mathematics, also from the University of California, Berkeley in 1977. Her PhD advisor was John Wagoner and her doctoral thesis was on algebraic K-theory.
She then held positions at University of Michigan, Brandeis University and Columbia University. Vogtmann has been a faculty member at Cornell University since 1984, and she became a Full Professor at Cornell in 1994.
Vogtmann gave an Invited Lecture at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Madrid, Spain in August 2006.
She gave the 2007 annual AWM Noether Lecture titled "Automorphisms of Free Groups, Outer Space and Beyond" at the annual meeting of American Mathematical Society in New Orleans in January 2007. Vogtmann was selected to deliver the Noether Lecture for "her fundamental contributions to
geometric group theory; in particular, to the study of the automorphism group of a free group".
Vogtmann has been the Vice-President of the American Mathematical Society (2003–2006). She has been elected to serve as a member of the Board of Trustees of the American Mathematical Society for the period February 2008 – January 2013.
Vogtmann is an Editorial Board member of the journal "Algebraic and Geometric Topology". She is also a member of the ArXiv Advisory Board.
Since 1986 Vogtmann has been a co-organizer of the annual conference called the "Cornell Topology Festival" that usually takes places at Cornell University each May.
On June 21–25, 2010 a 'VOGTMANNFEST' Geometric Group Theory conference in honor of Karen Vogtmann's birthday was held in Luminy, France.
In 2012 she became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Mathematical contributions.
Vogtmann's early work concerned homological properties of orthogonal groups associated to quadratic forms over various fields.
Vogtmann's most important contribution came in a 1986 paper with Marc Culler called "Moduli of graphs and automorphisms of free groups". The paper introduced an object that came to be known as Culler–Vogtmann Outer space. The Outer space "Xn", associated to a free group "F""n", is a free group analog of the Teichmüller space of a Riemann surface. Instead of marked conformal structures (or, in an equivalent model, hyperbolic structures) on a surface, points of the Outer space are represented by volume-one "marked metric graphs". A "marked metric graph" consists of a homotopy equivalence between a wedge of "n" circles and a finite connected graph "Γ" without degree-one and degree-two vertices, where "Γ" is equipped with a volume-one metric structure, that is, assignment of positive real lengths to edges of "Γ" so that the sum of the lengths of all edges is equal to one. Points of "Xn" can also be thought of as free and discrete minimal isometric actions "F""n" on real trees where the quotient graph has volume one.
By construction the Outer space "Xn" is a finite-dimensional simplicial complex equipped with a natural action of Out("F""n") which is properly discontinuous and has finite simplex stabilizers. The main result of Culler–Vogtmann 1986 paper, obtained via Morse-theoretic methods, was that the Outer space "Xn" is contractible. Thus the quotient space "Xn" /Out("F""n") is "almost" a classifying space for Out("F""n") and it can be thought of as a classifying space over Q. Moreover, Out("F""n") is known to be virtually torsion-free, so for any torsion-free subgroup "H" of Out("F""n") the action of "H" on "Xn" is discrete and free, so that "Xn"/"H" is a classifying space for "H". For these reasons the Outer space is a particularly useful object in obtaining homological and cohomological information about Out("F""n"). In particular, Culler and Vogtmann proved that Out("F""n") has virtual cohomological dimension 2"n" − 3.
In their 1986 paper Culler and Vogtmann do not assign "Xn" a specific name. According to Vogtmann, the term "Outer space" for the complex "Xn" was later coined by Peter Shalen. In subsequent years the Outer space became a central object in the study of Out("F""n"). In particular, the Outer space has a natural compactification, similar to Thurston's compactification of the Teichmüller space, and studying the action of Out("F""n") on this compactification yields interesting information about dynamical properties of automorphisms of free groups.
Much of Vogtmann's subsequent work concerned the study of the Outer space "Xn", particularly its homotopy, homological and cohomological properties, and related questions for Out("F""n"). For example, Hatcher and Vogtmann obtained a number of homological stability results for Out("F""n") and Aut("F""n").
In her papers with Conant, Vogtmann explored the connection found by Maxim Kontsevich between the cohomology of certain infinite-dimensional Lie algebras and the homology of Out("F""n").
A 2001 paper of Vogtmann, joint with Billera and Holmes, used the ideas of geometric group theory and CAT(0) geometry to study the space of phylogenetic trees, that is trees showing possible evolutionary relationships between different species. Identifying precise evolutionary trees is an important basic problem in mathematical biology and one also needs to have good quantitative tools for estimating how accurate a particular evolutionary tree is. The paper of Billera, Vogtmann and Holmes produced a method for quantifying the difference between two evolutionary trees, effectively determining the distance between them. The fact that the space of phylogenetic trees has "non-positively curved geometry", particularly the uniqueness of shortest paths or "geodesics" in CAT(0) spaces, allows using these results for practical statistical computations of estimating the confidence level of how accurate particular evolutionary tree is. A free software package implementing these algorithms has been developed and is actively used by biologists.

</doc>
<doc id="20455445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455445" title="Ionospheric Occultation Experiment">
Ionospheric Occultation Experiment

The Ionospheric Occultation Experiment (IOX) uses a dual frequency Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver to measure ionospheric properties, an ionosphere remote sensing satellite package. IOX demonstrates remote sensing techniques for future United States Department of Defense space systems and helps to improve operational models for ionospheric and thermospheric forecasts. 
IOX was developed by the United States Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center and is one of four experiment packages on PicoSAT.

</doc>
<doc id="20455583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455583" title="Shawn Evans (ice hockey)">
Shawn Evans (ice hockey)

Shawn Evans (born September 7, 1965) is a former ice hockey player and current head coach and General Manager of the Truro Bearcats.

</doc>
<doc id="20455598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455598" title="Polymer Battery Experiment">
Polymer Battery Experiment

The Polymer Battery Experiment (PBEX) demonstrates the charging and discharging characteristics of polymer batteries in the space environment. PBEX validates use of lightweight, flexible battery technology to decrease cost and weight for future military and commercial space systems. PBEX was developed by Johns Hopkins University and is one of 4 experiment packages on PicoSAT. 
PBE is one of 4 On Orbit Mission Control (OOMC) packages on PicoSat 9:

</doc>
<doc id="20455606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455606" title="Liddon Island">
Liddon Island

Liddon Island is one of several irregularly shaped islands located in the Fury and Hecla Strait of Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region within the northern Canadian Arctic. It is north of the mainland's Melville Peninsula, and south of Baffin Island's Sikosak Bay.
It was named in honor of Lt. Matthew Liddon, an officer who accompanied Sir William Edward Parry during his search for the Northwest Passage 1819-1820. During that voyage, rock crystal, Common Iron Glance, and Red Iron Ore were discovered on the island.

</doc>
<doc id="20455636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455636" title="Woodward School for Girls">
Woodward School for Girls

The Woodward School for Girls is a private, secular day school for girls in grades six through twelve. It is located in Quincy, Massachusetts, near Quincy Center, and is the only private high school in the city.
History.
The Woodward School was founded by Dr. Ebenezer Woodward, a prominent physician and cousin of John Adams. When Woodward died in 1869, his will established a trust fund to create and maintain a girls' school equivalent to the boys-only Adams Academy. The town of Quincy (which became a city in 1888) was named trustee of the fund, and was given 25 years to build the school. Management of the school was allocated in perpetuity to the town's selectmen. The school building was designed by E. G. Thayer in the Queen Anne style, with clapboard siding and a slate roof. It was built by Stephen Loxon and completed in 1894, just short of the 25 year deadline. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Woodward Institute on November 13, 1989, reference number 89001954.

</doc>
<doc id="20455649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455649" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Amelia County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Amelia County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Amelia County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20455658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455658" title="Voutsaras, Ioannina">
Voutsaras, Ioannina

Voutsaras (, local dialect: Μπτσαρά "Btsará") is a village in the municipal unit of Molossoi, Ioannina regional unit, Greece. It was the seat of the former municipality Molossoi. In 2001 its population was 150. The Greek National Road 6 (Volos - Larissa - Ioannina - Igoumenitsa) runs through Voutsaras. Voutsaras is 4 km northeast of Polydoro, 23 km west of Ioannina and 34 km northeast of Igoumenitsa.
Geography and information.
Much of the area around Voutsaras is mountainous and forested. The forests around the city are populated by a wide range of wildlife, such as bears, wolves, hares, higher primates and deer. The population of wild boar and squirrels has been in decline for a number of years, as a result of extensive hunting. Wildlife conservation groups have been putting pressure on local and regional government to protect the dwindling populations of these species, but these pressures are being resisted, as hunting forms a substantial part of the local diet, along with roots and locally grown food such as kopria. The Thyamis River flows three kilometers to the north. There is a small lake (xhavouza) near the village, through which the river flows. The xhavouza is used as a dumping site for septic tanks from houses in Voutsaras and other cities in the Molossoi municipality, as the untreated water can then be washed away by the river. According to local legend, the xhavouza is the place where water nymphs used to wash their hair, and onlookers were turned to stone.
Infrastructure.
An architectural pattern typical for the village consists of a two-floor house: the top floor is fully walled and serves as the residential area for one or more families, whereas the ground floor is used for housing livestock (goats, sheep, swine). Less wealthy families, who cannot afford a two-floor house share living quarters with the livestock. There are plans to construct centralised plumbing facilities for the disposal of sewage in the near future, so as to replace the current practice of using septic tanks which drain in the nearby river Thyamis.
Education.
In an attempt to reverse emigration, the Ministry of Education and Religious Affairs designated Voutsaras as an Area of Educational Priority in 2005. This led to the upgrading of the local primary school and high school, and financial incentives for the teaching staff who are employed there (these bonuses were revoked in the 2010 government deficit crisis). Also, a new vocationally focussed syllabus was created for High School, with standards that were better suited to the academic potential of the Voutsaras youth. The Voutsaras High School also operates a successful adult education programme, in which local residents attend classes on literacy, arithmetic and hygiene. The programme, which is partly funded by the EU, and is also generously supported by the School of Education of the University of the Aegean has received praise from the Molossoi mayor and local press. Despite promising beginnings, the funding of the program was withdrawn in 2011 due to austerity measures associated with the Greek deficit crisis. The deputy minister for education, Evangelia Christofilopoulou, who took the decision to discontinue the program was quoted as saying that it is time for bold measures to stop the bleeding of the government budget.
Sights.
One of the most noteworthy sights in the village is the Church of Ai Nikolas (St. Nicolas) which was erected by the alms donated by the sailors of Voutsaras, because in the Greek Orthodox tradition St Nicolas is regarded as the patron saint of sailors. The church, a basilica with three wings, dates back to 1534, and is one of the oldest churches in the region. 
Also of interest is the exhibition in the Cultural Centre, where visitors can find on display items of everyday life and agriculture, such as "kypria" (bells used for livestock), "tsanakia" (eating utensils), "vitses" (rods used by teachers) and "glitses" (walking sticks). Entry to the exhibition can be arranged by consultation with the Town Hall of Molossi.

</doc>
<doc id="20455659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455659" title="Dash Berlin">
Dash Berlin

Dash Berlin is a Dutch trance music project created in 2007 by Jeffrey Sutorius, Eelke Kalberg, and Sebastiaan Molijn. The front man of the group is the DJ Jeffrey Sutorius a.k.a Dash Berlin, the 10th most popular DJ in the world according to DJ Mag in 2013. Sutorius initially started playing drums influenced by his late father who was a drummer in a jazz band, before discovering electronic music. He worked at BPM Dance and Mid-Town Records specializing in vinyl, with both stores becoming meeting places for many established Dutch DJ's. Molijn and Kalberg, who were deejaying as Pronti & Kalmani at the time, have credited Sutorius as a vital source of inspiration for some of their biggest records during that time. Kalberg and Molijn have been contributing to the international dance scene for over ten years, with award-winning and platinum-selling hits for dance acts such as Alice Deejay, Vengaboys, Candee Jay, Pronti & Kalmani, and Solid Sessions. Their track "Better Off Alone" was one of the first EDM/Trance records that became big in the United States and was later sampled by French superstar DJ David Guetta and one of America's biggest rappers Wiz Khalifa in his breakthrough record "Say Yeah". They also have been working together with DJ Sander Kleinenberg on classic tracks like "This Is Miami" and "The Fruit" and remixes for major artists such as Justin Timberlake ('Rock Your Body' Remix winning the award for 'Best Remix' at the Dance Star USA Awards), Janet Jackson, BT, Usher, N.E.R.D., Lenny Kravitz, Junkie XL, Röyksopp, Mylo, and Annie Lennox.
Early years.
Dash Berlin was formed when Jeffrey Sutorius (born 8 November 1979 in The Hague, The Netherlands) and his close friends, Kalberg and Molijn teamed up in 2006. Jeffrey Sutorius was a fan of electronic music from his high school days and in his late teens worked in a record store and became a collector of vinyl trance music. Inspired by pioneering figures such as Sven Vath, Oliver Lieb and Sander Kleinenberg, Sutorius began mixing and producing his own music. He released his first record on 'BPM Legends' records. He started performing in the Dutch underground music scene in early '95 and teamed up with fellow producers and close friends Kalberg and Molijn to form Dash Berlin in 2006.
Recognition.
The breakthrough for Dash Berlin came in early 2007 with "Till the Sky Falls Down". The track went to the top of the Trance charts worldwide, due in part to Armin van Buuren who included it on the third chapter of his acclaimed "Universal Religion" mix album. Van Buuren subsequently signed Dash Berlin to the Armada Music label.
Dash Berlin won the IDMA award for the track "Waiting" in the category 'Best High Energy Track' and was nominated three times at the International Dance Music Awards, during the WMC in Miami in 2009. His tracks "Waiting" featuring Australian singer Emma Hewitt and "Man On The Run", a collaboration with fellow Armada artists Cerf, Mitiska & Jaren were both nominated that year in the category 'Best Trance Track'. In Armin van Buuren's popular radio show A State of Trance the "Waiting" single was elected by the audience to the second best Trance track of the year 2009. The music video is shot in Rotterdam and gained over twelve million views on YouTube.
In 2010, Dash was nominated for the 'Best European DJ' at the IDMA's and entered the DJ Mag Top 100 poll at number 15. He won the DJ Mag Top 100 Award for 'Highest New Entry', during the Magazine's ceremony at the Ministry Of Sound in London, hosted by Boy George. Beating other famous Dutch DJ's such as Armin van Buuren, Tiesto, Ferry Corsten as the highest Dutch entry till date. On October 20, 2011 DJ Magazine announced the results of their annual Top 100 DJ Poll for the very first time in Amsterdam, with Dash Berlin placed at #8 in the world. In 2012, Dash Berlin receives a nomination for 'Best Trance Track' at the IDMA's for his track with Jonathan Mendelsohn entitled "Better Half Of Me". October 2012: In Mexico Dash Berlin is nominated for a prestigious Lunas Award in the category Electronic Music among other artists such as Armin van Buuren, Paul van Dyk, David Guetta, Sasha, and others. Later that month, Dash was ranked number 7 in the DJ Mag Top 100 poll, making him the second most popular Trance DJ in the world, right after his mentor Armin van Buuren. 
In December 2012, Dash Berlin was nominated for a 'Tunisia Music Award', Africa's biggest award show till date. In February 2013 Dash Berlin headlined the Ultra Music Festival in Chile and the Ultra Music Festival in Buenos Aires together with Avicii, Carl Cox and Armin van Buuren. In 2013, Dash Berlin received a nomination for the 'Best Trance Track' at the IDMA awards for his single 'When You Were Around' featuring British singer Kate Walsh.
Dash Berlin was the first DJ to be announced for Armin van Buuren's 'A State Of Trance 600' event in 2013. Dash played at ASOT Den Bosch, ASOT Mexico City, ASOT Minsk, ASOT Sofia, ASOT Beirut, and ASOT Guatemala.
Aropa Records.
In early 2009, plans emerged to expand the Dash Berlin influence with his own label called "Aropa". The first release under the new label is "Man on the Run", a collaboration with fellow Armada artists Cerf, Mitiska, & Jaren. The track rocketed to the top of the international Trance charts and received a nomination for 'Best Trance Track' at the annual Trance Awards. The song is also the lead single of his debut album The New Daylight which was released later that year in October. In April 2012, Dash Berlin released his second artist album on aropa & Armada Music titled "#musicislife".

</doc>
<doc id="20455679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455679" title="The Best of Buffy Sainte-Marie">
The Best of Buffy Sainte-Marie

The Best of Buffy Sainte-Marie is a compilation album taken from her first six albums with Vanguard Records, released in 1970. 
History.
Originally issued as a double-LP set after the financial disaster of "Illuminations", the album contains material from all her previous albums but curiously not one track unavailable elsewhere at the time of its release. The compilation was a very modest chart success, returning her to the Top 200 after the failure of "Illuminations", from which it does however extract five tracks.
Because "Many a Mile" has been issued on compact disc only in Italy, and "Illuminations" and "Fire & Fleet & Candlelight" were not issued on CD until many years after "The Best of Buffy Sainte-Marie" became her first-ever release on CD in 1990, the compilation has always been of considerable value despite containing no hits except the extremely minor #98 "I'm Gonna Be a Country Girl Again" (which actually only reached even that position after being re-released after "Soldier Blue"). An abbreviated single-LP version was also released in 1972 with the catalogue number Vanguard 73113.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Buffy Sainte-Marie except where indicated.
Charts.
Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="20455736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455736" title="Barrow Mansion">
Barrow Mansion

The Dr. William Barrow Mansion, is located at 83 Wayne Street between Barrow Street and Jersey Avenue in Downtown Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States. The mansion was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 2, 1977 and is located within the Van Vorst Park Historic District, which itself was dedicated on March 5, 1980 and is roughly bounded by Railroad Avenue, and Henderson, Grand, Bright, and Monmouth Streets.
The house was one of two similar homes constructed by Cornelius Van Vorst, a founder of the Township of Van Vorst and mayor of Jersey City from 1860 to 1862. The Van Vorsts were a prominent family who trace their North American roots to the third superintendent of the patroonship Pavonia, whose bowery was located at nearby Harsimus. The family lends it name to the nearby Van Vorst Park which was part of the township. Cornelius Van Vorst's sister Eliza was married to Dr. William Barrow.
Built between 1835–1837 and also known as the Ionic House, the wooden Greek Revival structure has five Ionic columns gracing a two-story portico. The columns divide the building into four equal bays, effecting an offset center hall. As the columns are evenly spaced, the front door is not in the center, but set off to the right The interior of late Federal-early Greek Revival style with some Victorian décor features a ballroom, carved Italian marble fireplaces and twelve-foot ceilings.
The mansion stood alongside the Van Vorst Mansion, separated only by a lawn, and near the Van Vorst family farmhouse. In 1874 Van Vorst sold his home to Dr. Benjamin Edge and it was later demolished in the 1920s. 
The Y.M.C.A. bought the Barrow Mansion in the 1890s, adding a rifle range and gymasium. St. Matthew's Evangelical Lutheran Church purchased the residence in 1897 and used it as a parish house. The pistol range was converted to a two-lane bowling alley in the basement. The following year St. Matthew's Church was built on the lawn between the Barrow and Van Vorst mansions. The church flourished until the 1920s and the former mansion and parish house became a lively and popular social center.
As the neighborhood changed in the post-war era, the mansion fell into disrepair. In 1984 the Barrow Mansion Development Corporation was founded to renovate the mansion and operate it as a center for community service. The BMDC's board is composed of members from St. Matthew's Lutheran Church and the wider community. The BMDC leases the mansion from church, and received grants in 1992 and 1995 from the New Jersey Historic Trust and other grantors for building restoration. The mansion currently provides office space to small businesses and non-profits, is home to the Attic Ensemble theater company, Jersey City Children's Theater and is host to Hudson County's largest number of Twelve Step groups and other community meetings (over 1100 in 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="20455817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455817" title="USS LST-517">
USS LST-517

The USS "LST-517" was an tank landing ship in the service of the United States Navy during World War II.
"LST-517" was laid down on 10 September 1943 at Seneca, Illinois by the Chicago Bridge & Iron Company; launched on 15 January 1944; sponsored by Miss Onita Watland Walker; and commissioned on 7 February 1944. During World War II, LST-517 was assigned to the European theater and participated in the invasion of Normandy on 6 June 1944. Upon her return to the United States, she was decommissioned on 21 December 1945 and struck from the Navy list on 21 January 1946. A year later the tank landing ship was transferred to the Maritime Administration for disposal and sold for scrap to the National Metal and Steel Corporation on 17 January 1947. 
"LST-517" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="20455825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455825" title="Eheke">
Eheke

Eheke is a village in northern Namibia situated at the edge of the Oshana Region near Ondangwa Airport.
Services offered.
Eheke is situated 15 km west of Ondangwa near Omagongati. Eheke is the administrative centre for Ondangwa Constituency, the surrounding area.
It has various privately owned businesses, such as a supermarket, china shop, and many informal vendors selling traditional foods. Eheke is also the circuit cluster center for the school system in the area. Within Eheke, there is an intermediate-level hospital (Eheke Clinic), which is linked to Oshakati Hospital.
Furthermore Hon. Martin K Pinehas (Brigadier General Commander of Namibia Air Force) is from Eheke, and many other soldiers.

</doc>
<doc id="20455834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455834" title="Muhamed Zulić">
Muhamed Zulić

Muhammed Zulić (July 5, 1928 in Orašce - October 16, 2008) was a Croatian politician.
He was a representative in the Croatian Parliament in its second assembly. From July 31, 1991 to August 12, 1992 he served as a minister without portfolio in the Croatian Government of National Unity as a member of the Croatian Democratic Union. During the Croatian War of Independence he was held by rebel Serb forces in Banovina for 25 days. He was freed on November 11, 1991.
In 1993 Zulić represented the parliament at commemorations at Bleiburg, Austria. Zulić donated Ivan Meštrović's work "Milan Milic" to the Ivan Meštrović Foundation in 2005.
He was awarded with Homeland War Memorial Medal and with Order of Ante Starčević.

</doc>
<doc id="20455843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455843" title="Pestis">
Pestis

Pestis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20455851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455851" title="An Innocent Man (song)">
An Innocent Man (song)

"An Innocent Man" is a 1983 song performed by Billy Joel and the third single from his album "An Innocent Man".
The song, whose musical style is an homage to Ben E. King and The Drifters, reached #10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, the third consecutive top 10 single from the album. It also spent one week at #1 on the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart.
Joel was quoted in a 1997 interview describing a high note he sang during the song: "I had a suspicion that was going to be the last time I was going to be able to hit those notes, so why not go out in a blaze of glory? That was the end of Billy's high note."

</doc>
<doc id="20455852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455852" title="Ming Lo Moves the Mountain">
Ming Lo Moves the Mountain

Ming Lo Moves the Mountain is a children's picture book by Arnold Lobel.
Plot.
A mountain towers over Ming Lo and his wife. Ming Lo's wife tells Ming Lo that he must move the mountain. When the Mings get further advice, they do a dance to move the mountain. After a few hours, the mountain moves.
Reception.
A New York Times review says, ". The tone of the story and the look of the book are as inseparable as Ming and the Mrs.: restrained and amusing, a measured dance to the accompaniment of gentle laughter". It is used as a lesson in schools in the book Literacy Instruction for Culturally and Linguistically and the book Great Teaching with Graphic Organizers The book is talked about in the book Balancing Acts The book is an ALA Notable Children's book.

</doc>
<doc id="20455868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20455868" title="On Orbit Mission Control">
On Orbit Mission Control

The On-Orbit Mission Control (OOMC) will be conducted by the Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd (SSTL) ground site in Guildford, UK. The United States Air Force Academy at Colorado Springs, Colorado will operate a backup ground station for PicoSAT satellite to increase the amount of experimental data.
OOMC consists of four packages on PicoSat 9:
Background.
The PICOSat satellite is funded out of the Department of Defense (DoD) Space Test Program (STP) and the Foreign Comparative Testing Program which is carried out by the Air Force. 
The PICOSat ojectives are flown to operate the four scientific payloads demonstrating and performing vibration damping, battery technologies, and performing ionospheric measurements for DoD weather databases. PICOSat is designed for a minimum of one year of on orbit operations.

</doc>
<doc id="20456035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456035" title="Tilt (Polish punk band)">
Tilt (Polish punk band)

Tilt was a Polish rock band, regarded as one of the first punk bands in Poland. It was founded in Warsaw in 1979 by Tomasz Lipinski and it has been existing with several breaks until now. In its first years, it performed songs in English, later switching to Polish. Currently performing and recording as Tomek Lipinski & Tilt with Lipinski on guitar and vocals, Voytek Konikiewicz on keyboards, Karol Ludew on drums, Piotr Leniewicz on bass, and Alek Korecki on saxophone.
Members.
Among its members, were several personalities of Polish punk rock,

</doc>
<doc id="20456051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456051" title="Thomas Ryan (Canadian politician)">
Thomas Ryan (Canadian politician)

Thomas Ryan (24 August 1849 – 24 November 1937) was a footwear manufacturer, municipal politician and the tenth Mayor of Winnipeg in 1889.
As a youth, Ryan fought the attempted Fenian invasion of Canada in 1866. He then established a trade in making boots and shoes, moving to Winnipeg in 1874 to establish business at what would become the Ryan Block on 492 Main Street. He was dubbed "The Shoe King" due to his success in that business which served customers between present-day British Columbia and Lake Superior in Ontario.
Ryan became a city alderman in 1884 and served in that role until he was elected Mayor for a single one-year term in 1889. He was dedicated to the Methodist Church, helping to establish Grace Methodist Church in Winnipeg and serving as president of the local YMCA. He developed and imposed restrictions on Sunday commerce during his mayoral term.
Norwegian Annie Anderson was Ryan's wife with whom he had nine children. Winnipeg's Ryan Street is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20456061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456061" title="Leave a Tender Moment Alone">
Leave a Tender Moment Alone

"Leave a Tender Moment Alone" is a song performed by Billy Joel and the fifth single from his album "An Innocent Man". The special guest musician, Toots Thielemans, plays harmonica.
Paying homage to soul music from the mid-1950s and the early-1960s, this song was reminiscent of the softer side of R&B from groups like Smokey Robinson and the Miracles. The song reached only number 27 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 charts and spent two weeks at number one on the Adult Contemporary chart. "Leave a Tender Moment Alone" was the only single from the album released there not to reach the top 20 of the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20456098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456098" title="Navarre High School">
Navarre High School

Navarre High School is one of six high schools in the Santa Rosa County School District. The school is located in Navarre, Florida, USA, in Santa Rosa County. Its feeder schools are Holley-Navarre Middle School and Woodlawn Beach Middle School.
Campus.
There are over 300 classrooms, including 4 portable classrooms (cottages). Navarre High School has a multi-use athletic stadium and fields (football, soccer, track and field). There are five tennis courts, two basketball hard courts, and two baseball/softball fields. There are also two field houses, two weightlifting rooms, four boys locker rooms (football, baseball, basketball and P.E.) and three girls locker rooms (cheerleading/weightlifting, basketball/volleyball and PE).
Mission statement.
Navarre High School’s mission is to adequately prepare our students to live, learn, and choose well in the 21st century.
Navarre High School has the highest rate of corporal punishment of students (paddling) of any school within three NW Florida counties according to public records.
Academics.
Navarre's rival is Gulf Breeze High School. Navarre High School offers just over 100 courses: 23 fine art courses, 17 math courses, 17 science courses, 13 social studies courses, 13 business courses, 12 English courses, 10 foreign language courses, 6 physical education courses, 5 general courses, NJROTC, and 2 DCT (Diversified Career Technology) courses. This includes 34 AP (Advanced Placement) courses.
Breakdown.
Navarre High School's Statistics:
Athletics.
The school offers 13 sport choices.
The three seasons for sports are fall, winter, and spring.
Student clubs.
The clubs at NHS include:

</doc>
<doc id="20456104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456104" title="Frank Tepedino">
Frank Tepedino

Frank Ronald Tepedino (born November 23, 1947) is a former left-handed Major League Baseball player. He was born in Brooklyn, New York. He played for the New York Yankees (–) and the Atlanta Braves (–) professional baseball teams in Major League Baseball during his career. Tepedino was inducted into the Suffolk Sports Hall of Fame in 2004.
Career.
Frank Tepedino made his major league debut on May 12, 1967 with the New York Yankees. During that day, the Baltimore Orioles were playing against the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium with 22,300 people attending the game. Tepedino was called to pinch hit for Whitey Ford batting ninth at the bottom of the third inning. He had one at-bat, hitting the ball to shortstop for a flyout. At the top of the fourth inning, Jim Bouton was called to replace Frank Tepedino pitching and batting ninth. At the end of the game, the New York Yankees had a frustrating loss against the Baltimore Orioles with the score at 14–0.
On June 8, 1965, Tepedino was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles in the third round during the 1965 amateur draft. On November 28, 1966, Tepedino was drafted by the New York Yankees from the Baltimore Orioles during the 1966 first-year draft. On June 7, 1971, he was traded by the New York Yankees along with Bobby Mitchell to the Milwaukee Brewers for Danny Walton. On March 31, 1972, he was purchased by the New York Yankees from the Milwaukee Brewers. On June 7, 1973, Tepedino was traded by the New York Yankees with players along with Wayne Nordhagen to the Atlanta Braves for Pat Dobson. In order to fully complete the trade, the New York Yankees sent Dave Cheadle (August 15, 1973) and Al Closter (September 5, 1973) to the Atlanta Braves.
Personal life.
September 11 attacks.
After retiring from Major League Baseball, Tepedino served as a firefighter for the New York City Fire Department. During the September 11 attacks, Tepedino's son called him and asked if he had heard a plane hit the World Trade Center. Tepedino had no knowledge of the event. He later realized it was a terrorist attack when the second plane hit the World Trade Center. Tepedino, along with three others, drove to the World Trade Center. When they got there, the World Trade Center had already collapsed. During an assembly at Rocky Point High School six years after the September 11 attacks, Tepedino said, "I lost 343 friends on September 11, 2001," referring to his colleagues in the New York Fire Department who died during the terrorists attacks. "I didn't know them all personally, but they were all my friends." On October 11, 2001, one month after the attacks, Tepedino threw out the first pitch at Game Two of the American League Division Series at Yankee Stadium.
Alcoholism and beyond.
Tepedino is a recovering alcoholic. He became addicted to alcohol at age 19 and as of 2011 has given an estimated 60,000 speeches for the Long Island, New York based "Winning for Winning" co founded by a former Yankee teammate Rusty Torres which educates youth about the dangers of alcohol and drugs and promotes youth athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="20456128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456128" title="Burgdorf, Idaho">
Burgdorf, Idaho

Burgdorf is an unincorporated community in Idaho County, Idaho, United States, located approximately north of McCall at an elevation of above sea level. Originally a sacred site for Native Americans, its hot springs were discovered by unknown Chinese miners and settled by young German immigrant Fred C. Burgdorf in the late 1860s. Burgdorf had mined in nearby Warren to the east and turned the area at the hot springs into a resort by 1870.
Following a new mining rush in 1898 at Thunder Gulch, the resort was refurbished and expanded in 1902 by Burgdorf and his new young wife, a singer from Denver named Janette Foronsard. Originally known as "Resort," it became "Burgdorf" at this time, but the former name continued in usage for several years. Following Janette's death in 1923, Burgdorf sold his interest and moved to Weiser.
Much of the community has now been deserted, although reconstruction has been attempted. The community possessed a post office as late as 1945, although it has since been closed.
In 1972, the community was added as a historic district to the National Register of Historic Places. Basketball coach George Karl was once part owner of Burgdorf.

</doc>
<doc id="20456142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456142" title="Tash Rabat">
Tash Rabat

Tash Rabat is a well-preserved 15th century stone caravanserai in At Bashy district, Naryn Province, Kyrgyzstan located at the altitude of 3,200 meters. As early as in 1888, a Russian doctor and traveler Nicolay Lvovich Zeland suggested that it was originally a Nestorian or Buddhist monastery. Researches undertaken in the end of 1970-s and beginning of 1980-s by the Institute of History of the Kyrgyz Academy of Sciences concluded that Tash Rabat was originally built as a Nestorian monastery in the tenth century, although no artifacts sacred to Christians have been found during excavations.
Tash Rabat is located somewhat east of the main north-south highway. To the south is Lake Chatyr-Kul and Torugart Pass. To the north is Koshoy Korgon, a ruined fortress of uncertain date. The area is a center for hiking and horse-trekking.
Architecture.
The structure consists of 31 rooms including cavities in the central hall. The rooms are dome-shaped; transition from a quadrangular frame to a dome is by a squinch. Tash Rabat is completely laid by crushed stone on clay mortar with sealing joints by gypsum mortar. 

</doc>
<doc id="20456153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456153" title="Ken Fogarty">
Ken Fogarty

Ken Fogarty (born in Manchester, England) is a (naturalized) American soccer coach. Fogarty was Head Coach and Technical Director of the Cayman Islands national team from 1993 to 1994 and from 1996 to 1998.
Professional career.
Fogarty began his professional career with Stockport County at the age of seventeen. He then moved to the United States to play for the Los Angeles Skyhawks of the second American Soccer League (ASL) in 1976, the year they won the ASL Championship. He returned to England to play for Stockport County until returning to the U.S. in 1979 to play for the Fort Lauderdale Strikers of the North American Soccer League (NASL). He remained with the Strikers through the end of the 1983 season. When the Strikers moved north to Minnesota, Fogarty went with the team for the final NASL season in 1984. The NASL folded at the end of that season and the Strikers then jumped to the Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL). Fogarty continued to play with the Strikers until he joined the St. Louis Steamers for the 1987–88 MISL season. However, in 1988, the Fort Lauderdale Strikers were resurrected, this time playing in the third American Soccer League.[http://a-leaguearchive.tripod.com/1988/statsasl88.htm] Fogarty joined them for the outdoor season, then moved to the Baltimore Blast of MISL for the next three indoor seasons. In 1989, Fogarty left the Strikers for good and joined the Tampa Bay Rowdies of the ASL where he served as a player coach from 1989 to 1993. In 1990, the Rowdies joined the American Professional Soccer League (APSL). The team folded at the end of the 1993 season and Fogarty retired from playing professionally.
Coaching.
While playing with the Rowdies, Fogarty also served as the team's head coach. In 1993, he was the APSL Coach of the Year. From 1994 to 1996 Fogarty served as the Technical Director for the Cayman Islands Football Association where he oversaw the youth and Olympic team programs. After a years absence, he assumed the position of Head Coach of the national team steering the full squad to their most famous victory over the Jamaican national team in the Shell Caribbean cup final. The Kansas City Wizards of Major League Soccer (MLS) signed Fogarty as an assistant coach in 1999. On April 15, 1999, the Kansas City Wizards named Fogarty as its interim coach after Ron Newman resigned following an 0-4 start.[http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9D02EED6123BF936A25757C0A96F958260] After the team hired Bob Gansler, Fogarty returned to his position as an assistant coach for the next two seasons. He later became the head coach of the Eclipse Soccer Club in Sugar Land, Texas, until he left this position to coach the Texans Soccer Club.
Ken is currently the Technical Director for the Texans Soccer Club in Houston. He can be reached at 281-615-3362
National team.
Fogarty played for the Republic of Ireland in the U-17 European Championships. He was also called up to the full squad for an international match against Poland, but did not play.
He is also President of Global Soccer International, a tour company offering professional soccer tours to Europe and South America for the club and college soccer player.(Globalsoccerint.com)

</doc>
<doc id="20456187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456187" title="This Night (Billy Joel song)">
This Night (Billy Joel song)

"This Night" is a song by Billy Joel and the fifth single from his album "An Innocent Man".
The basis of the song's chorus uses the second movement of Ludwig van Beethoven's "Pathétique Sonata". Beethoven is credited as one of the song's writers on the sleeve of the album as "L.V. Beethoven".
The song, released as a single only in the UK and Japan, reached #78 on the UK Singles Chart chart and #88 on the Japanese Oricon Singles Chart. Joel has said in interviews that "This Night" was written about his brief relationship with supermodel Elle Macpherson, whom he dated just prior to second wife Christie Brinkley.
In the USA, This Night was the B-Side of Leave a Tender Moment Alone.

</doc>
<doc id="20456214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456214" title="Charley Lincoln">
Charley Lincoln

Charley Lincoln (also known as Charley Hicks or Laughing Charley) (March 11, 1900 – September 28, 1963), was an early American country blues musician. He often recorded with his brother Robert Hicks (who was billed as Barbecue Bob). 
He was born Charley Hicks in Lithonia, Georgia, United States. In his teens he was taught guitar by Savannah Weaver, the mother of Curley Weaver, and performed in the Lithonia area until 1920. He moved to Atlanta, Georgia and worked outside the field of music, while also performing occasionally with his brother. He recorded with his brother for the Columbia label 1927–30. An example is the two part duet with crosstalk, "It Won't Be Long Now" that the brothers recorded in Atlanta on November 5, 1927. 
After Robert's early death in 1931, Charley Lincoln continued to perform into the 1950s. From 1955–63 he was imprisoned for murder in Cairo, Georgia, where he became a prisoner trustee. He died there of a cerebral hemorrhage on September 28, 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20456224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456224" title="Zucchetti Kos Tennis Cup">
Zucchetti Kos Tennis Cup

The Zucchetti Kos Tennis Cup is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually at the A.S.D. Eurotennis Club in Cordenons, Italy, since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20456256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456256" title="Andrew Ezergailis">
Andrew Ezergailis

Andrew (Andrievs) Ezergailis (born 10 December 1930) is a retired Professor of History, Ithaca College, Ithaca, New York, USA, known for his research into the 20th-century history of Latvia, particularly of the 1917 Revolution and the Holocaust in Latvia.
In August 2007, Ezergailis was awarded the Cross of the Order of the Three Stars, one of the highest honors of Latvia, for his contributions to understanding the history of the country.
For recent writings see: HAOLUSA.ORG
Andrew was married to Inta Ezergailis, a retired professor of German Literature at Cornell University.

</doc>
<doc id="20456262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456262" title="Michael Rudder">
Michael Rudder

Michael Rudder (born in Toronto, Ontario Canada June 14, 1950) is a Canadian film, television, theatre and voice actor, who was injured in the November 2008 Mumbai attacks.
Acting work.
Michael Rudder was a Genie Award nominee in 1989 for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "Buying Time". His film credits include "", "Breaking All the Rules", "The Adventures of Pluto Nash", "One Eyed King", "Taken", "Blindside" and "Splinter Cell", and his television credits include episodes of "Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman", "The Hunger", "Are You Afraid of the Dark?", "The Hitchhiker", "Katts and Dog", "Urban Angel", "War of the Worlds" and the Canadian series "Night Heat".
Rudder is a well-known voice actor for such video games as "Prince of Persia", "Far Cry", "Jagged Alliance", "Splinter Cell", "", and "Assassin's Creed".
He also does voices on several animated TV shows such as "A Miss Mallard Mystery", "Bobobobs", "The Legend of White Fang", "Young Robin Hood", "Princess Sissi", "Animal Crackers", "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz", "Maya the Bee", "Wunschpunsch", "Night Hood", "X-DuckX", "Daft Planet", "X-Chromosome", "The Country Mouse and the City Mouse Adventures", "Arthur", "Postcards from Buster", "Kitty Cats", "The Little Lulu Show", and more.
He has also done extensive narration, versioning and commercial voice work, and appeared in films for The National Film Board of Canada, Cinar and Telescene in Quebec.
A professional stage actor since his teens, his last stage role was in 2011, as Almady in "The Play's The Thing" at The Segal Center in Montreal.
An expert in sound recording, Michael also works as a studio director in the post-synchronization of film dialogue and as a director of dubbed film and cartoon product for the world English market.
Mumbai attack.
Rudder was shot four times during the Mumbai attack. He says he survived by using his film knowledge to "play dead."
A student of transcendental meditation and Siddha Yoga since his twenties, Rudder, now a teacher of Synchronicity High-Tech Meditation, was in India on a spiritual vacation with members of the Synchronicity Foundation, and a guest of the Oberoi Hotel in Mumbai when the attacks took place. He is considering writing a book, a movie or a play about his experiences, to tell the story of his experience and miraculous escape, and to help others who have endured similar trauma:

</doc>
<doc id="20456276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456276" title="Cabinet of Ivo Sanader I">
Cabinet of Ivo Sanader I

The first Cabinet of Prime Minister Ivo Sanader was the Croatian Government cabinet announced on 23 December 2003. It was the 9th cabinet of Croatia, and its term ended on 12 January 2008. All but two cabinet members came from the ruling Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) party, following their win in the 2003 parliamentary elections (with the exception of Dragan Primorac, who was formally a non-party minister at the time of his appointment, but later joined HDZ and Vesna Škare-Ožbolt who had been a member of HDZ in the 1990s but then joined the Democratic Centre, a small centre-right party which allied with HDZ after the 2003 elections).
Changes from Cabinet of Ivica Račan II.
Since Račan's centre-left coalition was replaced by the centre-right HDZ government, all the ministers were newly appointed. Furthermore, some ministries were re-organised:
These changes had brought down the number of ministries from 19 in Račan's cabinet to 14 under PM Sanader. Also, the ministries of European Integration (headed by Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović) and Foreign Affairs (headed by Miomir Žužul) were later merged in February 2005, which further reduced the total number of government ministries to just 13.
List of ministers and portfolios.
Some periods in the table extend after before 12 January 2008 because the minister continued to hold the post in the following Cabinet of Ivo Sanader II and Cabinet of Jadranka Kosor. The cabinet had two Deputy Prime Ministers: Jadranka Kosor and Andrija Hebrang, who both also served as ministers of their respective portfolios. When Hebrang resigned from both his posts as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health and Social Welfare in February 2005, he was replaced by Damir Polančec (as Deputy Prime Minister) and Neven Ljubičić (who took over his portfolio).

</doc>
<doc id="20456332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456332" title="Viktors Arājs">
Viktors Arājs

Viktors Arājs (13 January 1910 – 13 January 1988) was a Latvian collaborator and Nazi SS officer, who took part in the Holocaust during the German occupation of Latvia and Belarus (then called White Russia or White Ruthenia) as the leader of the Arājs Kommando. The Arajs Kommando murdered about half of Latvia's Jews.
Life.
Viktors Bernhard Arājs was born on January 13, 1910 in the town of Baldone, then part of the tsarist empire. His father was a Latvian blacksmith and his mother came from a wealthy family of Baltic Germans. Arājs attended Jelgava Gymnasium, which he left in 1930 for mandatory national defense service in the Latvian Army. In 1932, Arājs studied law at the University of Latvia in Riga, but never completed his degree. He was a member of the elite student fraternity "Lettonia", which may have helped him get a job with the Latvian police after he left the university. Arājs remained with the Latvian police until he was promoted to police lieutenant. During the Ulmanis dictatorship in Latvia 1934–1940, Arājs was a "low ranking provincial police officer" who, as a loyal administrator, dutifully "distanced himself officially from the Pērkonkrusts", the Fascist party in Latvia.
Activities during World War II.
The war between Germany and the Soviet Union began on June 22, 1941. Shortly afterwards, the Red Army abandoned Riga to the advancing Wehrmacht. Arājs then took over an abandoned police precinct house at 19 Valdemāra Street. Arājs's future commanders, Franz Stahlecker and Robert Stieglitz, had with them a Latvian translator, Hans Dressler, whom Arājs had known in high school and in the Latvian army. Because of this friendship, Arājs was introduced to Stahlecker, got on their best side, and gained their trust. Arājs recruited the core of his troops from his student fraternity and Pērkoņkrusts.
On July 2 Arajs learned from Stahlecker during a conference that the Arajs commando had to unleash a pogrom that looked spontaneous. On 4 July 1941, the German leadership turned loose "Security Group Arājs", generally referred to as the Arājs Kommando ("arājs" means "plowman" in Latvian) or Special Commando ("Sonderkommando") Arājs. On the same day, in the German forces Latvian newspaper "Tēvija" (Latvian:"Fatherland"), appeared a recruiting advertisement: "To all patriotic Latvians, Pērkoņkrusts members, Students, Officers, Militiamen, and Citizens, who are ready to actively take part in the cleansing of our country of undesirable elements" should enroll themselves at the office of the Security Group at 19 Valdemara Street. On July 4, Arājs and his henchmen trapped 500 Jews, who had not been able to take flight before the advancing Germans, in the Riga Synagogue on Gogoļa Street. There they were burnt alive while hand grenades were thrown through the windows.
The Arājs commando consisted of 500–1500 volunteers. The unit murdered approximately 26,000 people, first in Latvia and then in Belarus. Arājs was promoted to police major in 1942, and in 1943 to SS-Sturmbannführer. Herberts Cukurs, the former Latvian pilot, was the adjutant to Arājs.
Post-war.
Until 1949, Arājs was held in a British internment camp in Germany. After that he worked as a driver for the British armed forces under the British military government in Delmenhorst, then in the British Zone of Occupation. With assistance from the Latvian government-in-exile in London, Arājs took on the cover name of Victor (Viktors) Zeibots. He worked in Frankfurt am Main as an assistant at a printing company.
On 21 December 1979, Arājs was found guilty in the State Court of Hamburg ("Landgericht Hamburg") of having on December 8, 1941 conducted the Jews of the greater Riga Ghetto to their deaths by the mass shootings in the Rumbula forest. For participation in the murder of 13,000 people, he was sentenced to life imprisonment. In 1988, Arājs died in solitary confinement in a prison in Kassel.

</doc>
<doc id="20456391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456391" title="List of United States Representatives from United States Virgin Islands">
List of United States Representatives from United States Virgin Islands


</doc>
<doc id="20456450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456450" title="Parallax occlusion mapping">
Parallax occlusion mapping

Parallax occlusion mapping (POM) is an enhancement of the parallax mapping technique. Parallax occlusion mapping is used to procedurally create 3D definition in textured surfaces, using a displacement map (similar to a topography map) instead of through the generation of new geometry. This allows developers of 3D rendering applications to add 3D complexity in textures, which correctly change relative to perspective and with self occlusion in real time (self-shadowing is additionally possible), without sacrificing the processor cycles required to create the same effect with geometry calculations. 
Parallax occlusion mapping was first published in 2004 by Zoe Brawley and Natalya Tatarchuk in ShaderX3. Natalya Tatarchuk conducted presentations of the technology at SIGGRAPH in 2005. It was used in ATI's 'Toy Shop Demo' to showcase the Radeon X1800's Ultra-Threaded SM 3.0 technology. It is used in video games and rendering engines such as Unigine, CryEngine 2, and CryEngine 3. It has also been used to create stereoscopic images from single images. 

</doc>
<doc id="20456456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456456" title="Brother, Come and Dance With Me">
Brother, Come and Dance With Me

"Brother, Come And Dance With Me" is a popular children’s song that was originally written by the German composer Engelbert Humperdinck for his famous opera, "Hänsel und Gretel" (ca. 1891).

</doc>
<doc id="20456497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456497" title="Ezergailis">
Ezergailis

Ezergailis is a Latvian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20456501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456501" title="Liddon">
Liddon

Liddon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20456509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456509" title="Monkeyface">
Monkeyface

Monkeyface or monkey-face may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20456531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456531" title="Ren Guang">
Ren Guang

Ren Guang (Chinese: 任光; pinyin: Rèn Guāng; b. Zhejiang, November 9, 1900; d. January 1941), also known by a "nom de plume", Ren Qianfa (任前发), was a noted Chinese composer of the early 20th century. 
Ren studied in Paris beginning in 1919, and there acquired the techniques of music composition. As a consequence, his works are influenced by Western music, particularly in their harmonic accompaniment. Among his best-known compositions are "Song of the Fishermen" (渔光曲, Yú Guāng Qǔ) used as the theme song for a film of the same name, and "Colourful Clouds Chasing the Moon" (彩云追月, Cǎi Yún Zhuī Yuè). He also invited the musician Huang Yijun (黄贻钧) to compose "The Flowers are Blooming and the Moon is Full" (花好月圆) which was included on a 1935 recording Ren Guang supervised.
He died in the Wannan Incident (also called the New Fourth Army Incident, during the Second Sino-Japanese War) in Wannan, southern Anhui, in January 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="20456545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456545" title="Hockey Day Minnesota">
Hockey Day Minnesota

Hockey Day Minnesota is a day in Minnesota run in cooperation with the Minnesota Wild and Fox Sports North that features at least two Minnesota High School boys hockey games, a Minnesota Gopher men's hockey game, and a Minnesota Wild NHL game.
2012 Hockey Day Minnesota-January 21, 2012.
The games, normally played outdoors, had to be moved indoors due to warm weather causing poor ice conditions.
2013 Hockey Day Minnesota-January 19, 2013.
The 2013 HDM broadcast included the Season/Home Opener for the Minnesota Wild for the 2013 NHL season after the 2012-2013 NHL Lockout was resolved. This year also included the last WCHA (regular season) meeting between Minnesota and North Dakota before Minnesota heads to the Big Ten Hockey Conference, and North Dakota goes to the National Collegiate Hockey Conference in 2013-2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20456578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456578" title="Top Ten (Military Channel)">
Top Ten (Military Channel)

Top Ten is a Military Channel program which rates and ranks ten famous weapons or systems across military history since the 20th century. It uses a subjective scoring of factors such as service length, innovation, "fear factor", etc.
List of Shows.
Top Ten Bombers
Top Ten Fighters
Top Ten Helicopters
Top Ten Infantry Fighting Vehicles
Top Ten Tanks
Top Ten Rifles
Top Ten Warships
Top Ten Submarines

</doc>
<doc id="20456590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456590" title="Hudson and Manhattan Railroad Powerhouse">
Hudson and Manhattan Railroad Powerhouse

The Hudson and Manhattan Railroad Powerhouse, also known as the Jersey City Powerhouse in Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, was built in 1908. The powerhouse made possible the subway system between New Jersey and New York for the Hudson and Manhattan Railroad (which became PATH in 1963). The powerhouse was closed in 1929 and used as a storage place for railroad equipment. In the 1990s, the building was cited by Preservation New Jersey as one of the state's ten most endangered historic sites. The powerhouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 23, 2001.
It is located near the Harborside Financial Center and Harsimus Cove on the Hudson River waterfront in an area undergoing much redevelopment. Efforts to stabilize the powerhouse from further deterioration began July 2009 and will continue through 2010. In 2011 the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey agreed to transfer its 55% ownership of the building to its co-owner, Jersey City, in exchange for a nearby lot where they will build an underground electric sub-station. It has been determined that the iconic smokestacks cannot be salvaged and will be removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20456634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456634" title="Lü Ji">
Lü Ji

Lü Ji may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20456639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456639" title="State health agency">
State health agency

A state health agency (SHA), or state department of health, is a department or agency of the state governments of the United States focused on public health. The state secretary of health is a constitutional or at times a statutory official in several states of the United States. The position is the chief executive official for the state's state health agency (or equivalent), chief administrative officer for the state's Board of Health (or equivalent), or both.
Responsibilities.
State health departments have different names and responsibilities; in some states they are top-level administrative agencies, while in other states they are a division or bureau of another office. Health departments are usually responsible for public health, including preventive medicine, epidemiology, vaccinations, environmental health (sometimes including health inspections), and the licensing of health care professionals; the collection and archiving of vital records such as birth and death certificates and sometimes marriage and divorce certificates; health statistics; developmental disabilities; mental health; occupational safety and health; receiving and recording reports of notifiable diseases; and tobacco control.
In some states, state health departments may additionally be responsible for social services and welfare, environmental protection/pollution control, or the operation of the state psychiatric hospital. Some states have a Surgeon General.
State health agencies (SHAs).
The following are state health agencies as identified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="20456665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456665" title="Lü Ji (composer)">
Lü Ji (composer)

Lü Ji (Chinese: 吕骥; pinyin: Lǚ Jì; b. 1909; January 5, 2002), originally named Lü Zhanqing (吕展青; pinyin: Lǚ Zhǎnqīng), was a Chinese composer during the early 20th century. He was also a writer on music, a music educator, and administrator.
He was born in Xiangtan, Hunan in 1909 and became interested in music from an early age, learning to play several traditional instruments.He graduated from Changsha Chang Jun Secondary School in Changsha,[http://www.haotushu.com/book/15433/ and studied music at the Shanghai Music Training School (now the Shanghai Conservatory of Music).In 1931 or 1932 he joined the Leftist Dramatic League in Shanghai,[http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:WUvjlZXJ34sJ:www.kervan.unito.it/contents/documents/k1_pisa.pdf+%E5%90%95%E9%AA%A5+composer&hl=en&ct=clnk&cd=11&gl=usand he joined the Chinese Communist Party in 1935.[http://www.csonline.com.cn/infomation/rlcsmr/t20040810_219132.htm He became one of the most active composers of revolutionary Chinese music during the 1930s.
In a 1936 article entitled "Zhongguo xin yinyue" (China New Music), he set out his philosophy about revolutionary music:
After the Chinese Revolution in 1949, he was appointed vice president of the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing.
His best-known compositions include "Goddess of Freedom" (自由神), "New September 18 Tune" (新編九一八小調), 保衛馬德進而, “School Song of the Anti-Japanese Military and Politics University" (抗日軍政大學校歌), "Going to the Front-lines after Graduation" (畢業上前線), "Railroad Workers' Song" (鐵路工人歌), and the choral work "Nirvana of the Phoenix" (鳳凰涅槃).
He published books in the field of music education and the "guqin".
Lü died of an illness in Beijing Xiehe Hospital on January 5, 2002, at the age of 92.[http://news.xinhuanet.com/newscenter/2002-01/22/content_249296.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20456707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456707" title="West Michigan's Longest Yard Sale">
West Michigan's Longest Yard Sale

The West Michigan Longest Yard Sale is an annual event in Lake and Newaygo counties in Michigan. The four day event usually takes place during the last weekend of June. The event stretches along M-37 starting in the Bailey–Grant area of Newaygo County through Lake County. The corridor spans over . Sales include antiques, crafts, treasures and various food vendors. Sellers include several hundred homeowners, area businesses, and professional dealers and vendors. The event is sponsored by the Newaygo County Convention & Visitors Bureau and the Lake County Chamber of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="20456715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456715" title="Animal Fairy Tales">
Animal Fairy Tales

Animal Fairy Tales is a collection of short stories written by L. Frank Baum, the creator of the Land of Oz series of children's books. The stories (animal tales, comparable to Aesop's Fables or the "Just-So Stories" and "Jungle Book" of Rudyard Kipling) first received magazine publication in 1905. For several decades in the twentieth century, the collection was a "lost" book by Baum; it resurfaced when the International Wizard of Oz Club published the stories in one volume in 1969.
The nine stories in the collection were printed in consecutive monthly issues of "The Delineator" (a popular women's magazine of the time) from January to September 1905. The tales were part of the magazine's regular feature, "Stories and Pastimes for Children", and primarily illustrated by Charles Livingston Bull; "The Delineator" published Baum's story "A Kidnapped Santa Claus" in December 1904 with illustrations by Frederick Richardson, who had begun illustrating Baum's serialized novel "Queen Zixi of Ix" the previous month in "St. Nicholas".
Baum favored book publication for the stories; when his health declined in 1918, he worked to prepare books for future publication in the event of his death. Baum readied three manuscripts, so his publisher (Reilly & Britton) could issue annual Baum books through 1921. Two of those books were the last two in his Oz series ("The Magic of Oz" and "Glinda of Oz"), which were published in 1919 and 1920; the third book was "Animal Fairy Tales". It is unknown why Reilly & Britton did not publish the latter.
Contents.
The collection consists of:
Of the stories, "The Enchanted Buffalo" is the most-frequently anthologized. The stories were probably written in 1903 and 1904; they resemble other animal tales that Baum wrote during the same period, some of which appeared in his "American Fairy Tales" (1901), "The Twinkle Tales" (1906) and as episodes in his novels. Baum's animal tales employ his highly-imaginative style (influenced by his interest in theosophy), and differ from the more-naturalistic tales of contemporaries such as Albert Bigelow Paine. In "The Story of Jaglon," for example, an orphaned tiger is raised by "tiger fairies." In 1953, Oz author Jack Snow's expansion of this story (entitled "Jaglon and the Tiger Fairies") was published with illustrations by Dale Ulrey. This was the first in a series of expanded versions of all nine stories planned by Reilly & Lee, but the other eight were never published.
Baum wrote another story for the collection; entitled "The Tiger's Eye", it is a grim, harsh story about evil magic enchanting animals and men which was not printed until 1962. Another edition of "Animal Fairy Tales", including the original illustrations by Charles Bull, appeared in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20456716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456716" title="Amherst Island (Nunavut)">
Amherst Island (Nunavut)

Amherst Island (Inuktitut: Saglarjuk) is one of several uninhabited, irregularly shaped islands located in the Fury and Hecla Strait of Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region within the northern Canadian Arctic. It is north of Grinnell Lake on the mainland's Melville Peninsula, and south of Baffin Island.
The island is named for Jeffery Amherst, 1st Baron Amherst.

</doc>
<doc id="20456726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456726" title="That's Rock 'n' Roll Live">
That's Rock 'n' Roll Live

To capture the sensation of teen-idol Shaun Cassidy, Warner Bros. Records released a live album of his 1979 concert tour named "That's Rock 'N' Roll Live". The album featured tracks from his four studio albums ("Shaun Cassidy", "Born Late", "Under Wraps" and the then-forthcoming album "Room Service"). The album also featured a cover of The Righteous Brothers' hit song, "You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin'".
The cover of the album features a glossy photo of Cassidy playing a black Gibson Les Paul guitar.
The live version of "Da Doo Ron Ron" features the band The Crystals backing up Cassidy.

</doc>
<doc id="20456728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456728" title="James O. Welch Co.">
James O. Welch Co.

James O. Welch Company was an American confectionery manufacturer. James O. Welch (1906-1985) founded the company that bore his name in Cambridge, Massachusetts, in 1927. The company introduced many enduring brands, including Junior Mints, Sugar Daddys, and Sugar Babies. Other candies they produced were Welch's Fudge, Pom Poms, and Sugar Mamas.
James O. Welch Company was purchased by the National Biscuit Company (now Nabisco) in 1963. Welch acted as a director for Nabisco from 1963 until 1978, and his son, James O. Welch Jr. has been president of Nabisco. The Welch brands were sold to Warner-Lambert in 1988; Tootsie Roll Industries acquired them in 1993.
Following the collapse of his own confectionery company, the Oxford Candy Company, during the United States Great Depression James O. Welch's brother, Robert W. Welch, Jr., co-founder of the John Birch Society, joined the James O. Welch Company. He stayed with the company until 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20456750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456750" title="Khalil Janahi">
Khalil Janahi

Khalil Janahi is a citizen of Bahrain and Dubai who was arrested and held in Saudi Arabia in April 2007.
According to Abdullah Hashim lawyer for the Bahrain's National Justice Movement, speaking in July 2008, Janahi's extrajudicial detention, and that of fellow Bahraini Abdurahim Al Murbati,
was of ""urgent importance, given their length of time in custody without charge.""
Although charges were never laid against Janahi he is reported to have been apprehended on suspicion of an association with al-Qaeda.
He spent his first four months under arbitrary detention at `Ulaysha Prison without access to his family. In September he was moved from the al-Ha'ir prison to a more lenient facility.
On 27 November 2008 the "Gulf Daily News" reported that Janahi had been transferred to a prison in Dubai on 24 November 2008. Janahi was freed on 11 June 2009, without having had access to lawyers, without any charges laid and without a trial, in either Saudi Arabia or Dubai.
On August 2, 2010, "Newsblaze" reported on an incident where Bahraini police had been recorded beating a Saudi citizen.
"Newsblaze"
speculated that Saudi officials had not complained about the incident because Saudi Arabia did not want to explain its detention of Janahi, Abdurrahim Al Murbati, and Abdullah Al Nuaimi.

</doc>
<doc id="20456801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456801" title="Armanda River">
Armanda River

The Armanda River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. It is thought that the river was named in 1887 by the surveyor C W Nyulasy.
The headwaters of the Armanda are located north-east of Halls Creek below Bob Black Hills. The river flows due north, almost parallel with the Great Northern Highway and discharges into the Panton River.
The two tributaries of the Armanda river are Prospect Creek and Palm Creek.
The river is a tributary of the Panton River which is, in turn, a tributary of the Ord River.

</doc>
<doc id="20456803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456803" title="Plaza 440">
Plaza 440

Plaza 440 is a 49-story residential condominium building located in downtown Chicago, Illinois.
Originally built in 1992, it underwent a condominium conversion in 2005. The building contains 457 residential units and shares a mixed-use development with a 336-room Marriott hotel and a 400-space parking garage. It rises from the northwest corner of Wabash and Hubbard streets in the River North district of Chicago's Near North Side.
Plaza 440 was designed by Solomon, Cordwell, Buenz and Associates, built by the John Buck Company and originally managed by its subsidiary, the John Buck Management Group. The building opened to residents in October 1991, but construction was not fully completed until 1992. 90% of the building's units were leased by August 1992. Plaza 440 was the last residential high-rise built in Chicago for years to come.
The building was sold to American Invsco in September 2004 at a price of US$107 million. The previous owners, Archstone-Smith, had purchased the building two years previously for US$24 million. This is the current equivalent of US$ and US$, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20456822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456822" title="Leonello Rabatti">
Leonello Rabatti

Leonello Rabatti (born 7 November 1960 Reggello, Italy) is an Italian poet and critic. He lives in Prato and has privately published two volumes of poetry. He received a degree in Modern Literature from the University of Florence.
Rabatti has contributed poetry and prose to several Italian magazines, including "Semicerchio","Collettivo R", "Pietraserena", "Hebenon", "Spiritualità e letteratura." He has also participated in various poetry and musical events in Florence and elsewhere in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20456834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456834" title="Greatest Hits (Shaun Cassidy album)">
Greatest Hits (Shaun Cassidy album)

In 1992, Curb Records released a compilation of Shaun Cassidy's five studio albums. However, no songs were included from Cassidy's 1979 live album, "That's Rock 'N' Roll Live'.

</doc>
<doc id="20456840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456840" title="Aleksanteri Institute">
Aleksanteri Institute

The Aleksanteri Institute () Finnish Centre for Russian and Eastern European Studies, is an independent institute of the University of Helsinki. It functions as a national centre of research, study and expertise pertaining to Russia and Eastern Europe, particularly in the social sciences and humanities. The Institute actively promotes cooperation and interaction between the academic world, public administration, business life and civil society, both in Finland and abroad.
The Aleksanteri Institute was founded in 1996 and currently employs more than 50 scholars and administrative staff. The director of the institute is Professor Markku Kivinen.
Centre of Excellence in Russian Studies.
The Aleksanteri Institute coordinates the Finnish Centre of Excellence in Russian Studies – Choices of Russian Modernisation for the period 2012–2017. The multi-disciplinary CoE is led by Markku Kivinen and funded by the Academy of Finland. 
Research.
Research at the Aleksanteri Institute concentrates on six focus areas:
The institute coordinates and participates in research projects and networks involving scholars from all over the world. In 2012 it was granted a five-year funding for a Finland Distinguished Professor (FiDiPro) project. Since 2008 it has also hosted a programme for visiting scholars. The programme offers international scholars (holding a PhD) a two-to-four-month research stay at the Aleksanteri Institute and the University of Helsinki. In addition to Russia, Eastern Europe and Scandinavia, scholars from Spain, Italy, the USA, Britain, Canada, France and China have also attended.
The Aleksanteri Conference.
The Aleksanteri Conference is an annual conference of Russian and Eastern European studies organised in late October in Helsinki. The theme of the conference changes every year. Recent themes have included:
Study programmes.
The Aleksanteri Institute coordinates multi-disciplinary study programmes at various academic levels. The doctoral programme and the Master's School in Russian and Eastern European studies are open to students from Finnish universities. There is also a study programme for East Central Europe, Balkan and Baltic studies that offers the possibility of a MA diploma and a minor subject programme of Ukrainian studies. 
Kikimora Publishing.
The Aleksanteri Institute hosts Kikimora publishing, a publishing house that concentrates on contemporary Russian and East European studies mostly in the humanities and social sciences. Kikimora has publishes monographs and anthologies in three refereed series: Kikimora A, Kikimora B and Aleksanteri Series. There is also an online series entitled Aleksanteri Papers. 
The Aleksanteri Institute also publishes a quarterly newsletter Aleksanteri News. 

</doc>
<doc id="20456842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456842" title="2008 British Formula Ford season">
2008 British Formula Ford season

The 2008 British Formula Ford season was the 33rd season of the British Formula Ford Championship. It began on 24 March at Oulton Park's Easter Monday meeting and ended on 12 October at Donington Park after 10 rounds and 25 races, held in the United Kingdom and Belgium. Having won 13 of the first 18 races, Jamun Mygale driver Wayne Boyd looked set to be a runaway championship winner, although in the end, Boyd's championship winning margin over team-mate Tim Blanchard was 50 points.
Championship standings.
Points are awarded to the drivers as follows:
Best 23 scores must be dropped towards the championship.
† - Matt Hamilton, James Cole and Alex Jones docked six points for dangerous driving; Glen Wood docked twelve points for the same reason.

</doc>
<doc id="20456845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456845" title="Comin' Thro' the Rye">
Comin' Thro' the Rye

"Comin' Thro' the Rye" is a poem written in 1782 by Robert Burns (1759–1796). It is well known as a traditional children's song, with the words put to the melody of the Scottish Minstrel "Common' Frae The Town". This is a variant of the tune to which "Auld Lang Syne" is usually sung—in fact the melodic shape is practically the same, the difference lying in the tempo and rhythm.
G.W. Napier, in an 1876 "Notes and Queries", wrote that,
While the original poem is already full of sexual imagery, an alternative version makes this more explicit. It has a different chorus, referring to a phallic "staun o' staunin' graith", "kiss" is replaced by "fuck", and Jenny's "thing" in stanza four is identified as her "cunt".
"The Catcher in the Rye".
The title of the novel "The Catcher in the Rye" by J. D. Salinger comes from the poem's name. Holden Caulfield, the protagonist, misinterprets a part of this poem to mean "if a body catch a body" rather than "if a body meet a body." He keeps picturing children playing in a field of rye near the edge of a cliff, and him catching them when they start to fall off.

</doc>
<doc id="20456876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456876" title="University of Dental Medicine, Mandalay">
University of Dental Medicine, Mandalay

The University of Dental Medicine, Mandalay ( ), is a university of dental medicine, located in Mandalay, Myanmar. The university offers a six-year bachelor's degree program in dental surgery. Graduate and doctoral studies are available only at the University of Dental Medicine, Yangon. The annual intake into both dental universities is 300.
Programs.
The university offers bachelor's (BDS), master's (MDSc), and graduate diplomas in dental science (DipDSc).
Coursework.
The B.D.S. coursework extends over five and a half years.
Subjects.
First B.D.S.
Second B.D.S.
Third B.D.S. 
Fourth B.D.S. 
Final B.DS. 
House Surgeon Training
All students, after a successful completion of Final B.D.S. Examination, continue on to hands-on training for a period of 5 months as house surgeons in the recognized teaching hospitals.
Only after the completion of house-surgeonship, is the student awarded the B.D.S. degree.
Overview.
Dental surgery and treatments.
Dentistry usually encompasses very important practices related to the oral cavity. Oral diseases are major public health problems due to their high incidence and prevalence across the globe with the disadvantaged affected more than other socio-economic groups.
The majority of dental treatments are carried out to prevent or treat the two most common oral diseases which are dental caries (tooth decay) and periodontal disease (gum disease or pyorrhea). Common treatments involve the restoration of teeth as a treatment for dental caries (fillings), extraction or surgical removal of teeth which cannot be restored, scaling of teeth to treat periodontal problems and endodontic root canal treatment to treat abscessed teeth.
All dentists in the United States undergo at least two years of undergraduate studies, but most complete a bachelors degree. This schooling is followed by four years of dental school to qualify as a "Doctor of Dental Surgery" (DDS) or "Doctor of Dental Medicine" (DMD). Dentists need to complete additional qualifications or training to carry out more complex treatments such as sedation, oral and maxillofacial surgery, and dental implants.
By nature of their general training they can carry out the majority of dental treatments such as restorative (fillings, crowns, bridges), prosthetic (dentures), endodontic (root canal) therapy, periodontal (gum) therapy, and exodontia (extraction of teeth), as well as performing examinations, radiographs (x-rays) and diagnosis. Dentists can also prescribe medications such as antibiotics, sedatives, and any other drugs used to manage the patient.
Prevention.
Dentists also encourage prevention of oral diseases through proper hygiene and regular, twice yearly, checkups for professional cleaning and evaluation. Conditions in the oral cavity may be indicative of systemic diseases such as osteoporosis, diabetes, or cancer. Many studies have also shown that gum disease is associated with an increased risk of diabetes, heart disease, and preterm birth
Specialties.
The American Dental Association recognizes nine dental specialties: Public health dentistry, Endodontics, Oral and maxillofacial pathology, Oral and maxillofacial radiology, Oral and maxillofacial surgery, Orthodontics, Pediatric dentistry, Periodontics, Prosthodontics, and General dentistry. There are other dental niches such as Oral medicine, Dental aesthetics, Dental implantation, and Orofacial pain and temporomandibular disorders, some of them are recognized as dental specialties in other countries. In the European Union all member states must recognize the specialties of orthodontics and oral and maxillofacial surgery.
In addition to general dentistry, there are about 9 recognized dental specialties in the US, Canada, and Australia. To become a specialist requires one to train in a residency or advanced graduate training program. Once residency is completed, the doctor is granted a certificate of specialty training. Many specialty programs have optional or required advanced degrees such as a masters degree: (MS, MSc, MDS, MSD, MDSc, MMSc, MPhil, or MDent), doctoral degree: (DClinDent, DChDent, DMSc, PhD), or medical degree: (MD/MBBS specific to maxillofacial surgery and sometimes oral medicine).
The following are not currently recognized dental specialties in the US:
Dentists who have completed accredited specialty training programs in these fields are designated registrable (U.S. "Board Eligible") and warrant exclusive titles such as orthodontist, oral and maxillofacial surgeon, endodontist, pedodontist, periodontist, or prosthodontist upon satisfying certain local (U.S. "Board Certified"), (Australia/NZ: "FRACDS"), or (Canada: "FRCD(C)") registry requirements.
Leadership.
The University of Dental Medicine, Mandalay has been headed by an academic dean known as a rector.
1. 1998-2009: Mya Thaw
2. 2009-2012: Thein Kyu
3. 2012–present: Shwe Toe

</doc>
<doc id="20456935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456935" title="Nick Danger and the Danger City Rebels">
Nick Danger and the Danger City Rebels

Nick Danger and the Danger City Rebels were a Canadian rock band led by Nick Danger in the 2000s.
The original band, was billed as "The Social Icons" in 2000 before developing the Nick Danger persona and becoming The Danger City Rebels(DCR). It 
featured Nick Danger and drummer CHUNKK Neilson (recruited from Ottawa band Tremolo). The sound of the band owed a great deal to the influence of The Velvet Underground, Hank Williams and The Ventures, and balanced somewhere between "Cowpunk" and "surf rock". 
The second band signed to Ottawa's The Beautiful Music record label. Their series of recordings entitled "Thrillogy of Danger" was a three EP set of
CDs. The first was titled "The Return of Nick Danger" and the third was titled "Escape from Danger city". According to Allan Wigney in the April 5, 2006
interview, the second album was never released due to legal issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20456976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20456976" title="Hanappe Bazooka">
Hanappe Bazooka


</doc>
<doc id="20457030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457030" title="Isaac Hayne">
Isaac Hayne

Isaac Hayne (23 September 1745 – 4 August 1781) He was one of the most prominent Americans to be executed by the British during the American War of Independence. 
At the beginning of the War of Independence Hayne jouned the rebellion, and was a commissioned a captain of artillery, and at the same time state senator. In 1780, on the invasion of the state by the British, he served in a cavalry regiment during the final siege of Charleston, and, being included in the capitulation of that place, was paroled on condition that he would not serve against the British while they held possession of Charlton.
When in 1781 the fortunes of the British began to decline, he, with all the others who were paroled on the same terms, was required to join the royal army or be subjected to close confinement. Hayne would gladly have accepted imprisonment, but his wife and several of his children lay at the point of death from small-pox. He went to Charleston, and, being assured by the deputy British commandant, Patterson, that he would not be required to bear arms against his former compatriots, took the oath of allegiance. After the successes of General Greene had left the British nothing but Charleston, Hayne was summoned to join the royal army immediately. This, being in violation of the agreement that had been made, he considered that this released him from all his obligations to the British. He went to the American camp, and was commissioned colonel of a militia company.
Hayne then commanded an American rebel raid which captured Brigadier-General Andrew Williamson an American Loyalist. Colonel Nisbet Balfour, the British commander in Charleston during the 1781 siege of Charlestown, fearing that Williamson would he hanged as a traitor, sent a column to intercept the raiding party. The interception was successful. There was a skirmish resulting in the defeat of the raiding party, the release of Williamson and the capture of Hayne.
Hayne, although a prisoner of war, was sentenced to death by hanging by the British, because in the opinion of the British court martial, he had broken his earlier parole not to take up arms against the Crown. It was also thought his death would send a message to rising patriots to stop protesting, while the death of Isaac instead infuriated Charleston patriots even more.

</doc>
<doc id="20457035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457035" title="Karnaaj Rally">
Karnaaj Rally

Karnaaj Rally is a racing and vehicular combat game for the Game Boy Advance handheld video game console. It was released on November 21, 2002. The game was well received by critics.
It was re-released on UIQ3 platforms as K-Rally in 2007.
Gameplay.
Karnaaj Rally is a racing game in top-down perspective.
Reception.
Karnaaj Rally received generally favorable reviews. It received an 8.8 "Great" rating from IGN. It also obtained a "good" rating of 7.8/10 from GameSpot in which it is called "a blast to play".
The title currently maintains an 80% ranking on Game Rankings as well as an 81 metascore out of 100 on Metacritic.
Cover artwork.
The box art for Karnaaj Rally was criticized by many video game reviewers and publications. It was featured in 1UP.com's feature titled "Hey Covers... You Suck!" in which it is described as "..the world's ugliest man jump in front of the camera." IGN's review of the game, although very positive, states that it is "hard to ignore the crappy name and awful package design" and advises readers to "Never judge a book by its cover."
Review controversy.
Seanbaby was criticized by readers and makers of the game when in the June 2003 issue of Electronic Gaming Monthly (issue 167), he reviewed the game based solely on the cover without having played the game.

</doc>
<doc id="20457037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457037" title="Sunny (2008 film)">
Sunny (2008 film)

Sunny (; lit. "My Dear is Far Away") is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Lee Joon-ik. Soo Ae plays the titular Soon-yi, whose husband enlists to fight in the Vietnam War, and she decides to join a singing group that will travel to Vietnam to perform for the soldiers there.
Plot.
Soon-yi is a young woman stuck in an arranged marriage to a man who still loves his college girlfriend. Her husband, Sang-gil, is a soldier in the Republic of Korea Army, and though she visits him regularly, he doesn't return her affections. After Sang-gil is sent to fight in the Vietnam War, Soon-yi resolves to follow him. She joins a band which is heading there, where she sings for the soldiers as "Sunny", with the hope of being reunited with her husband.
Production.
"Sunny" was produced on a budget of (). Director Lee Joon-ik based the story around a female character in response to criticism that his films were largely male-oriented. Lee cast Soo Ae in the lead role, saying, "No other actress in Korea has the distinctively pure image that has". Soo Ae did two months of training to refine her singing and dancing skills, and admitted to being concerned over whether or not she could pull off the character.
Release.
"Sunny" was released in South Korea on July 23, 2008. On its opening weekend it was ranked second at the box office with 480,144 admissions, and exceeded the one million mark on July 19. As of August 31, "Sunny" had received a total of 1,804,223 admissions nationwide, and as of September 14 had grossed a total of .

</doc>
<doc id="20457047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457047" title="Ormonde Island">
Ormonde Island

Ormonde Island is an irregularly shaped island located at the eastern opening of the Fury and Hecla Strait. Situated in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region within the northern Canadian Arctic, the island is north of the Melville Peninsula's Northeast Cape, south of Baffin Island, and west of Foxe Basin. It is approximately above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="20457099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457099" title="John F. Kelly (Marine)">
John F. Kelly (Marine)

John Francis Kelly (born 1950) is an United States Marine Corps general, who served as the commanding general of the Multi-National Force—West in Iraq from February 2008 to February 2009. He was promoted to lieutenant general and assumed command of Marine Forces Reserve and Marine Forces North in October 2009. He has been promoted to a four star, and succeeded General Douglas M. Fraser as commander of U.S. Southern Command (USSOUTHCOM) on November 19, 2012.
Early life and education.
Kelly was born May 11, 1950 and raised in Boston, Massachusetts. He enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps in 1970, and was discharged as a sergeant in 1972, after serving in an infantry company with the 2nd Marine Division, Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. Following graduation from the University of Massachusetts Boston in 1976, he was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Marine Corps.
Career.
Kelly returned to the Second Marine Division where he served as a rifle and weapons platoon commander, company executive officer, assistant operations officer, and infantry company commander. Sea duty in Mayport, Florida, followed, at which time he served aboard aircraft carriers and . In 1980, then-Captain Kelly attended the U.S. Army's Infantry Officer Advanced Course at Fort Benning, Georgia. After graduation, he was assigned to Headquarters Marine Corps in Washington, D.C., serving there from 1981 through 1984, as an assignment monitor. Kelly returned to the Second Marine Division in 1984, to command a rifle and weapons company. Promoted to major in 1987, he served as the battalion's operations officer.
In 1987, Kelly transferred to the Basic School in Quantico, Virginia, serving first as the head of the Offensive Tactics Section, Tactics Group, and later assuming the duties of the Director of the Infantry Officer Course. After three years of instructing young officers, he attended the Marine Corps Command and Staff College, and the School for Advanced Warfare, both located at Quantico.
Completing duty under instruction and selected for lieutenant colonel, he was assigned as commanding officer, 1st Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion, 1st Marine Division, Camp Pendleton, California. Holding this command position for two years, Kelly returned to the East Coast in 1994, to attend the National War College in Washington, D.C. He graduated in 1995 and was selected to serve as the Commandant's Liaison Officer to the U.S. House of Representatives, Capitol Hill, where he was promoted to colonel.
In 1999 Kelly transferred to joint duty and served as the special assistant to the Supreme Allied Commander, Europe, in Mons, Belgium. He returned to the United States in 2001 and was assigned to a third tour of duty at Camp Lejeune, now as the assistant chief of staff G-3 with the Second Marine Division. In 2002, Kelly again served with the 1st Marine Division, this time as the assistant division commander. Much of Kelly's two-year assignment was spent deployed in Iraq. In March 2003, while in Iraq, Kelly was promoted to brigadier general, which was the first known promotion of a Marine Corps colonel in an active combat zone since that of another First Marine Division assistant division commander, Chesty Puller in January 1951. In mid-April he took command of the newly formed Task Force Tripoli and drove it north from Baghdad into Samarra and Tikrit. During the initial assault on Baghdad, Kelly was asked by a reporter of the Los Angeles Times if (considering the size of the Iraqi Army and the vast supplies of tanks, artillery and chemical weapons available to Saddam's forces) he would ever consider defeat. Kelly's archetypal response was, "Hell these are Marines. Men like them held Guadalcanal and took Iwo Jima. Baghdad ain't shit." 
His next assignment was as legislative assistant to the Commandant of the Marine Corps, Michael Hagee In January 2007 Kelly was nominated for major general, and confirmed by the U.S. Senate on September 11, 2007.
Kelly's next assignment, in July 2007, was as commanding general, I Marine Expeditionary Force (Forward). On February 9, 2008 Kelly assumed command of the Multi-National Force–West in Iraq, replacing Major General Walter E. Gaskin. After a year in Iraq Kelly returned to the States in February 2009.
His son, 1st Lieutenant Robert Michael Kelly, was killed in action in Sangin, Afghanistan on November 9, 2010. He was on his third combat tour, but his first as a U.S. Marine Corps infantry officer with Lima Company, 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines. Robert's brother, John's eldest child, is a Marine Corps major.
Kelly was the senior military assistant to the Secretary of Defense and personally greeted Secretary Panetta at the entrance to the Pentagon on July 1, 2011, Panetta's first day as secretary.
Awards and decorations.
Kelly holds several expert rifle badges as well as the sharpshooter pistol badge.

</doc>
<doc id="20457103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457103" title="Sara Watkins (album)">
Sara Watkins (album)

Sara Watkins is the debut solo album by Sara Watkins. It was released by Nonesuch Records on April 7, 2009. The album reached #13 on the Billboard Heatseekers Albums charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20457112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457112" title="Sioux Trail">
Sioux Trail

Sioux Trail may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20457120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457120" title="Grant Houses">
Grant Houses

General Ulysses S. Grant Houses is a public housing project at the northern boundary of Morningside Heights in the borough of Manhattan, New York City. The complex is located between Broadway and Morningside Avenue, spanning oddly shaped superblocks from 123rd Street and La Salle Street to 125th Street.
Grant Houses were completed in 1956 at a cost of $29.2 million. 1,940 apartment units are contained within the apartment buildings in the Grant Houses. With eight of the buildings at 21 stories, they were the tallest housing projects in New York City when built. The buildings are managed by the New York City Housing Authority. For maximum sunlight exposure they lie directly north of Morningside Gardens, a middle income cooperative in Morningside Heights. The redevelopment projects together aimed to retain the racially and economically mixed character of the Morningside-Manhattanville area before clearance. The "New York Times" noted the racial identification of the first five families to move into the Grant Houses: "two white, two Negro and one Puerto Rican."
Notable residents.
Solo R&B singer Keith Sweat.
Group R&B singers of The X Girlfriends Julia Robertson and Tisha Hunter.
Hip Hop group The Fearless Fours D.J. Krazy Eddie and M.C. Tito. http://www.oldschoolhiphop.com/interviews/titodee.htm
Hip Hop group The Fantasy 3 M.C. Silver Fox http://thafoundation.com/silfox.htm
Hip Hop Historian Troy L. Smith. http://www.historicalhiphop.com/
Gary Hooker played basketball for the Harlem Globetrotters.
Allison Dean actress in Movies notably Coming to America. 
Boris Pendergrass College Football player at Rutgers University Wide Receiver.
World Class Boxer-Police Officer Tricky Rick Frazier (Richard Frazier)

</doc>
<doc id="20457123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457123" title="Jay Sydeman">
Jay Sydeman

William Jay Sydeman (born 8 May 1928) is an American composer. Born in New York, he studied at the Mannes School of Music, where he later taught composition (1960–1970). Winning early acclaim for his avant-garde music (principally published by C. F. Peters), he felt trapped by the prevailing orthodoxies and moved to California in 1970, beginning a period of wandering during which he also studied Buddhism and Anthroposophy. He joined ASCAP in 1975. In 1981 he settled in Sacramento and resumed composition at his former prolific rate, having newly embraced a neotonal musical language. Since 1988 he has resided in Nevada City.

</doc>
<doc id="20457135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457135" title="Kikimora (disambiguation)">
Kikimora (disambiguation)

Kikimora () is a female house spirit in Slavic mythology, 
Kikimora may also refer to one of the following.

</doc>
<doc id="20457150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457150" title="Blood Hole massacre">
Blood Hole massacre

The Blood Hole massacre occurred at Middle Creek 6 – 7 miles from Glengower Station between Clunes and Newstead at the end of 1839 or early 1840 killing an unknown number of Aborigines from the Grampians district who were on their way home after trading goods for green stone axe blanks which they obtained near what is now Lancefield.
After an initial period of establishing Glengower station where Captain Dugald McLachlan's employees gave out flour and sugar rations and sometimes employed the local aborigines from the Dja Dja Wurrung (Jaara people).
Why the massacre took place is not recorded,although there is some speculation as too why.
The massacre happened after the station hands found the cook hanging from a meat hook near the kitchen at the end of the day and the aborigines who had passed though on their way home were found at Middle creek, a camping place on the aboriginal trading route from the grampians to the greenstone quarry at Mount William near Lancefield
The aborigines were found at the waterhole on Middle Creek west of Glengower Station. The aborigines sought to hide by diving into the waterhole where they were shot one at a time as they came up for air.

</doc>
<doc id="20457157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457157" title="Augie T.">
Augie T.

Augie T. (born Augie Tulba in 1968) is a Filipino comedian based in Hawaii. Starting his career in the 1990s, he has come to be a somewhat-known "comedian" since the early 2000s. He was influenced by Rap Reiplinger. Aside from being a comedian, Augie T. does voice over work for various local radio and television advertisements.
Filmography.
Augie plays himself in the 2012 movie "Hang Loose" filmed in Oahu, Hawaii.
Personal life.
Augie was born in Kalihi, grew up in Waianae, and he currently lives near Ewa Beach. He maintains modest comedic success today within the state of Hawaii. He supplements his income by lending his voice to many local businesses around the state of Hawaii such as Times Supermarkets.

</doc>
<doc id="20457178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457178" title="Time Line (AD album)">
Time Line (AD album)

Time Line is the debut album by American Christian rock band AD, released in 1984.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Kerry Livgren except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="20457186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457186" title="Los de Ramón">
Los de Ramón

Los de Ramón are a Chilean folkloric group of vast trajectory and extended musical diffusion not only in Chile, also in Latin America. Conformed by the family group of Raul de Ramon, his wife Maria Eugenia and his two children Carlos Alberto and Raul Eduardo were of great importance like diffusers and ambassadors of Chilean music like also of Latin American music. They were dedicated to the investigation of Chilean and Latin American folklore interpreting its songs with the typical instruments of each country having in its presentations more of sixty different musical instruments played by themselves which were interchanged according to each country and region. They gave numerous concerts in the U.S.A. ( 92 concerts), Mexico as in the rest of Latin America.
They recorded more than thirteen longplays two of them made in Mexico with music from Chile and also from Latin America. Some of them are Arreo en el Viento, Nostagia Colchaguina, An image of Chile, Latino America folkloric Panorama (2 discs), Los de Ramon in Family, Chilean Mass and others. They received several prizes in Chile as in Mexico and made popular many songs of Raul de Ramon like The Curanto, Rosa Colorada, Nostalgia Colchaguina, Camino de Soledad, Cancion de la Caballeria among others. They were the first in Chile in using the typical instruments of each country influencing in other musical groups that adopted this initiative later. They became part of the traditional folkloric music that gave impulse to Chilean music.
They also created a Restaurant named "El Alero de Los de Ramon", destinated to the diffusion of folkloric music and their traditions.
They also contribute in the creation of new folkloric musical groups such as Los Cantores de Santa Cruz and Los de Santiago among others.
Raul de Ramon and Maria Eugenia were declared Illustrious Sons of Santa Cruz in Colchagua and with their children they have a space in the Museum of Colchagua in this city. Nowadays only their sons are still alive, Raul de Ramon died in April 1984 and Maria Eugenia in March 2002

</doc>
<doc id="20457201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457201" title="Hung Cheng">
Hung Cheng

Hung Cheng is a professor of Applied Mathematics in the theoretical physics group of the Department of Mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
He received the B.Sc and the Ph.D. degrees from California Institute of Technology, in 1959 and 61. He had post-doctorate research appointments at Caltech, Princeton University and Harvard University before joining the MIT faculty in applied mathematics in 1965. In 1978, Professor Cheng was elected Member of Taiwan's Academia Sinica.
He has also served as the Chairman of the Applied Mathematics Committee at the MIT Department of Mathematics. He is on the Editorial Board of the Journal "Studies in Applied Mathematics"
He is cited in the reference book "American Men and Women of Science".
His recent research interests have been directed to the mathematical physics of dark matter and dark energy.

</doc>
<doc id="20457224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457224" title="Volume Five">
Volume Five

Volume Five, Volume 5, Volume V can represent:

</doc>
<doc id="20457247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457247" title="Rivendell Child, Adolescent and Family Unit">
Rivendell Child, Adolescent and Family Unit

Rivendell Child, Adolescent and Family Unit is a mental health facility specialising in the problems of young people. It is located at Hospital Road, Concord West, New South Wales, Australia.
Description and history.
Rivendell Unit was originally located at Broughton Hall, Rozelle, before being relocated to Concord West in 1977. Its founding director was Dr Marie Bashir, later to become Governor of New South Wales. Dr Bashir was replaced by Professor Joseph Rey in 1988.
Rivendell is, as of 2009, a twenty-bed facility offering mental health services for children and adolescents in the Sydney area and rural New South Wales. Care is provided on both an outpatient and inpatient basis. Around five hundred children and their families are helped by Rivendell each year. Rivendell is a teaching hospital of the University of Sydney.
The Concord West premises are located on the banks of the Parramatta River and were originally known as the Thomas Walker Hospital. They were designed by Sir John Sulman and built from 1891-93 by A.M.Allan. The money came from the will of the philanthropist Thomas Walker, who had lived in the Italianate mansion Yaralla, also located at Concord West (and now known as the Dame Eadith Walker Hospital). The buildings are made of brick and sandstone, which is characteristic of the Federation Free Classical style. They feature marble fireplaces and cedar joinery, and are considered an important example of John Sulman's work. They are now listed on the Register of the National Estate.
Opera night.
Opera Night at Rivendell is held annually and is a major fund-raising event. It is an open-air event and routinely draws two thousand people. The 2008 opera raised money that went towards the purchase of equipment for the hospital's intensive care unit. Money raised by the 2009 event was earmarked for the hospital's clinical school. Music was provided by the Rivendell Philharmonic Orchestra, a 35-piece orchestra led by the conductor Steven Hillinger.
Film Location.
The scenes of the film The Great Gatsby (2013) showing the sanatorium where Nick Carroway visits his psychiatrist were filmed at Rivendell.

</doc>
<doc id="20457250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457250" title="Fihi Ma Fihi">
Fihi Ma Fihi

The Fihi ma fihi (; from ), literally means "It Is What It Is", or "In it what is in it") is a Persian prose work of the 13th century famous writer Mewlānā Jalāl ad-Dīn Muḥammad Balkhī also known as Rumi. The book consists of 72 short discourses.
Description.
The title and origin of the book.
According to J. M. Sadeghi the title "Fihi ma fihi" has appeared on a copy dated 1316. Another copy of the book dated 1350 has the title "Asrar al-jalalieh". Rumi himself in the fifth volume of Masnavi-i Ma'navi mentions that
which most likely refers to this book. The title "Maghalat-e Mowlana" of copies of the book published in Iran follows this. 
Not much is known about the publication time and the writer of the book. According to B. Forouzanfar, the editor of the most reliable copy of the book, it is likely that the book was written by Sultanwalad, the eldest son of Rumi, based on manuscripts and notes taken by himself or others from the lectures of his father on Masnavi-i Ma'navi.
Significance.
The significance of this work is in being one of the first Persian prose books after the so-called Persian literature revolution (enghelāb-e adabi). Moreover the book has become an introduction to the Masnavi. Also many concepts in Sufism are described in this book in simple terms. 
English translations.
The book has been (freely) translated into English under the title "Discourses of Rumi" by A. J. Arberry in 1961 and consists of 71 discourses. An authoritative translation by Dr. Bankey Behari was published in 1998 under the title "Fiha Ma Fiha, Table Talk of Maulani Rumi" (DK Publishers, New Delhi), ISBN 81-7646-029-X.

</doc>
<doc id="20457263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457263" title="Randy Johnson (third baseman)">
Randy Johnson (third baseman)

Randall Glenn Johnson (born June 10, 1956) is a former Major League Baseball third baseman. He played three full seasons in the majors with his best year coming in his last season in the ML's where he hit .269 with a team co leading 13 GW RBIs. From until , for the Atlanta Braves. He also played two seasons in Japan, and , for the Hiroshima Toyo Carp. He currently serves as the minor league field coordinator for the San Diego Padres.
Amateur career.
Johnson played football and baseball at Palomar College where he was an All State (California) placekicker in 1975 and San Jose State University, where he was an Academic All American in 1978 for baseball. He was drafted in the 11th round of the 1978 Major League Baseball Draft by the New York Mets.
Professional career.
Johnson played in the Mets farm system for two seasons before being traded to the Braves in 1980. He was released by the Braves following the 1985 season, then signed with the San Francisco Giants as a free agent. He played for their top farm club, the Phoenix Firebirds, in 1986 before signing with the Carp.
He later played for the West Palm Beach Tropics in the Senior Professional Baseball Association in 1989-90 and one season in the Australian Baseball League for the Brisbane Bandits in 1991.
Post-playing career.
Since 1989, Johnson has scouted for the Padres, Colorado Rockies, Detroit Tigers and worked for the Oakland Athletics as special assistant to the team's general manager, Billy Beane from 2003 to 2010. In February 2010, he was named the Padres' minor league field coordinator, a job which he will again perform in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20457293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457293" title="Carlyle Glean">
Carlyle Glean

Sir Carlyle Arnold Glean, GCMG (born February 11, 1932) is a Grenadian politician, who served as Governor-General of Grenada. He was educated at the University of Calgary (BEd) and the University of East Anglia (MA). He was the Minister of Education in the government of Nicholas Brathwaite from 1990 to 1995, after which he retired from politics. He was appointed Governor-General in November 2008 and was succeeded by Cécile La Grenade in May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20457306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457306" title="Astro Hua Hee Dai">
Astro Hua Hee Dai

Astro Hua Hee Dai or Astro Hua Hee Dai HD (for HD version) is a 24-hour Hokkien (Min Nan) channel operated by Malaysian pay-TV channel operated by Astro. It is the fourth in-house Chinese channel provided by Astro, after Astro Wah Lai Toi, Astro AEC and Astro Shuang Xing, and was launched in November 2007 with other channels such as Astro Xiao Tai Yang, Chutti TV, Makkal TV, KBS World & Asian Food Channel.
80% of the programmes showing in Astro Hua Hee Dai is available in simulcast HD on Astro Hua Hee Dai HD (Channel 332). 

</doc>
<doc id="20457309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457309" title="De strijdlust is geboren">
De strijdlust is geboren

De strijdlust is geboren (translation: "The lust for combat is born") is the debut studio album by the Dutch folk/viking metal band Heidevolk. Originally released independently in 2005, Napalm Records re-released this album on April 22, 2008, with three bonus tracks originally released on Heidevolk's EP "Wodan Heerst".

</doc>
<doc id="20457321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457321" title="Reuben and Rachel">
Reuben and Rachel

Reuben and Rachel is a traditional song written by Harry Birch (words) and William Gooch (melody). Originally published in Boston in 1871, the song has regained popularity as a children's song.
The first line of the song, "Reuben, Reuben, I've been thinking," was reused in the very popular song at the close of World War I (1919), "How 'Ya Gonna Keep 'Em Down on the Farm (After They've Seen Paree?)."
The article includes the lyrics in context as part of a planned discussion of the song's evolution. As the song was published in 1871, the lyrics are in the public domain.
It was often sung on the playgrounds as: Reuben, Reuben, I've been thinking what in the world have you been drinking? Smells like whiskey, tastes like wine. Oh my gosh! It's turpentine! The melody has often been used for parodies, such as Bowser and Blue's "Where The Sun Don't Shine! (The Colorectal Surgeon's Song)".
Lyrics.
Reuben & Rachel
Reuben, I have long been thinking, what a good world this might be, <br>
If the men were all transported far beyond the Northern Sea. <br>
Rachel, I have long been thinking, what a fine world this might be, <br>
If we had some more young ladies on this side the Northern Sea.
Refrain: Too-ral-loo-ral-loo, too-ral-loo-ral, too-ral-loo-ral-loo, too-ral-loo-ral-lee, <br>
If ... the Northern Sea.
Reuben, I'm a poor lone woman. No one seems to care for me; <br>
I wish the men were all transported far beyond the Northern Sea. <br>
I'm a man without a victim. Soon I think there's one will be, <br>
If the men are not transported far beyond the Northern Sea. 
Refrain 
Reuben, what's the use of fooling, why not come up like a man? <br>
If you'd like to have a lover, I'm for life your Sally Ann. <br>
Oh my goodness! Oh my gracious! What a queer world this would be, <br>
If the men were all transported far beyond the Northern Sea. 
Refrain
Reuben, now do stop your teasing, if you've any love for me. <br>
I was only just a-fooling, as I thought of course you'd see. <br>
Rachel, I will not transport you, but will take you for a wife. <br>
We will live on milk and honey, better or worse, we're in for life.
Harry Birch, date unknown, published in 1871 by White, Smith & Perry, Boston.<br>
Source: Jackson, Richard, ed. "Popular Songs of Nineteenth-Century America". (Mineola, NY: Dover Publications, 1976) 181.
Reuben, Reuben, I've been thinking<br>
What a queer world this would be<br>
If the men were all transported<br>
Far beyond the Northern Sea!<br>
Rachel, Rachel, I've been thinking<br>
What a queer world this would be<br>
If the girls were all transported<br>
Far beyond the Northern Sea!
Chorus:<br>
Too-ral-loo-ral-loo, Too-ral-loo-ral, <br>
Too-ral-loo-ral-loo, Too-ral-lee<br>
Far beyond the Northern Sea!
Reuben, Reuben, I've been thinking<br>
Life would be so easy then; <br>
What a lovely world this would be<br>
If there were no tiresome men! <br>
Rachel, Rachel, I've been thinking<br>
Life would be so easy then; <br>
What a lovely world this would be<br>
If you'd leave it to the men!
Reuben, Reuben, I've been thinking<br>
If we went beyond the seas, <br>
All the men would follow after<br>
Like a swarm of bumble-bees! <br>
Rachel, Rachel, I've been thinking<br>
If we went beyond the seas, <br>
All the girls would follow after<br>
Like a swarm of honey-bees!

</doc>
<doc id="20457331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457331" title="Dairy Creek (Oregon)">
Dairy Creek (Oregon)

Dairy Creek is a tributary of the Tualatin River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It begins at the confluence of its east and west forks near the unincorporated community of Schefflin and meanders southeast across the Tualatin Valley to the Tualatin River near Hillsboro, in Washington County. East Fork Dairy Creek begins at in Columbia County, slightly north of its border with Washington County, and flows generally south for . West Fork Dairy Creek, also about long, forms at , near the unincorporated community of Tophill, and flows generally southeast. Before railroads displaced river boats on the Tualatin, some steamships also worked the lower section of Dairy Creek, with plans to go as far up stream as Centerville.
Course.
Main stem.
The roughly main stem of Dairy Creek begins at at the confluence of its east and west forks. Flowing southeast, it receives Council Creek from the right from the mouth and McKay Creek from the left less than later. It passes under Oregon Route 8 (Tualatin Valley Highway) west of Hillsboro about from the mouth before entering the Tualatin River about from its confluence with the Willamette River.
West Fork.
For roughly its first , West Fork Dairy Creek flows south from near Tophill in northwestern Washington County. It passes under Oregon Route 47 twice, receives Cummings Creek from the right and Williams Creek from the left, and passes slightly west of Buxton from the main stem. Shortly thereafter, it crosses under U.S. Route 26 (Sunset Highway) and turns southeast. Running parallel to and south of 
Route 26 and the concurrent Route 47 for about , it receives Burgholzer Creek from the right and Mendenhall Creek from the left, before again passing under Route 26, still concurrent with Route 47. Flowing parallel to and north of the highway for about another , West Fork Dairy Creek receives Whitcher Creek from the left, Kuder Creek from the right, and Garrigus Creek from the left before flowing south under Route 26 for the third and last time from the confluence of the east and west forks.
The west fork passes under Route 47, no longer concurrent with Route 26, from the confluence. Shortly thereafter, the stream flows by Banks, which lies to its left. Below Banks, the stream receives Cedar Canyon Creek from the right, passes under Oregon Route 6 at from the confluence, turns east about later and flows under Route 47 again. It receives Lousignont Canal from the right about from the confluence before joining the East Fork Dairy Fork to form the main stem.
East Fork.
From its headwaters, East Fork Dairy Creek flows south for less than through Columbia County before entering Washington County from its confluence with the west fork. Over its next , it receives Campbell Creek and Roundy Creek, both from the right, Panther Creek and Rock Creek, both from the left, Denny Creek from the right, Plentywater Creek and Meadow Brook Creek, both from the left, and Murtaugh Creek and Big Canyon, both from the right. At from the confluence, the stream passes United States Geological Survey (USGS) gauge 14205400. East Fork Dairy Creek flows under U.S. Route 26 about later. About downstream from Route 26, it receives Bledsoe Creek from the right before joining West Fork Dairy Creek to form the main stem.
Discharge.
The USGS monitors the flow of East Fork Dairy Creek at a station near the unincorporated community of Meacham Corner, from the confluence with the west fork and about from the mouth of Dairy Creek. The average flow at this station is . This is from a drainage area of , about 15 percent of the total Dairy Creek watershed. The maximum flow recorded there was in January 2003, and the minimum flow was in September 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20457346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457346" title="Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth">
Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth

Episcopal Diocese of Fort Worth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20457393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457393" title="AFL Trade Week">
AFL Trade Week

The AFL Trade Week is a period of time which during which Australian Football League (AFL) clubs are permitted to exchange players and draft picks with each other. Trade week takes place shortly after the conclusion of each AFL season, but prior to the National Draft. This is the only time during the AFL season or off-season when clubs are allowed to make trades.
Clubs are permitted to exchange players, draft picks in the next National Draft, or compensation draft picks during Trade Week; draft picks in the Preseason Draft or the Rookie Draft, or non-compensation draft picks for future seasons cannot be traded. It is permissible for a club to trade a player in exchange for a very low draft pick that it does not ultimately use, serving effectively as a direct player transfer.
The majority of trades are simple exchanges between two clubs, but more complicated exchanges involving three or more clubs are permissible, and are not uncommon.
From the 2012 season onwards, the duration of Trade Week has been lengthened from one week to three. AFL Football Operations Manager Adrian Anderson explained that the AFL had decided to expand Trade Week due to the introduction of free agency.

</doc>
<doc id="20457399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457399" title="List of German dishes">
List of German dishes

Below is a list of dishes found in German cuisine.
Famous dishes.
East Prussia.
East Prussia, as Germany's easternmost province, was very often influenced by the cuisines of its surrounding neighbours: Russia and Lithuania to the northeast, and Poland to the south. The Russian borsch was adapted to the East Prussian palate, and Polish sausages were frequently found on the dinner table.
East Prussia's gastronomy also made extensive use of the abundant products from its dark, remote forests. Honey was often incorporated into recipes, and "Kopskiekelwein", a fruit wine made from wild currants, was the favourite regional tipple alongside beer.
Lower Saxony.
"See Bremen and Lower Saxony"
Saxony.
Note: The cuisine of the Saxon part of the Ore Mountains is more a relative of the cuisine of Franconia than a relative of the other parts of Saxony. The cuisine of Upper Lusatia also differs from central Saxony and is more related to the (former) cuisines of Lower Silesia and Northern Bohemia. Typical Upper Lusatian dishes are:
Saxony-Anhalt.
Typical for very traditional dishes from Saxony-Anhalt is the combination of bitter or hearty meat dish with sweet. Sweet pancakes in Green bean soup for example are the cause of many jokes.
Silesia.
When Silesia was German, the influence of neighboring countries was clear in Silesian cooking; Polish carp and cheeses, Bohemian goulash, Austrian sausage and Pfefferkuchen (pepper cakes). Schnapps was very commonly drunk with beer in Silesia. There was an old saying that went "Silesia has two principal rivers, "Schnapps" and the river Oder".

</doc>
<doc id="20457480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457480" title="Romance (David Cassidy album)">
Romance (David Cassidy album)

Romance was David Cassidy's seventh studio album as a solo artist and his first released by Arista Records. Released in 1985, Romance was the only studio album Cassidy released during the 1980s. Since growing out of his teen idol fame from The Partridge Family, Cassidy continued to try to re-invent his music career; however, in the United States, his latter albums from the 1970s did not chart. Therefore, for the album "Romance", Arista excluded a U.S. release and released the album only in Europe, Israel, Japan, South Africa and Australia. 
"Romance" hit no. 20 on the British charts in May 1985. George Michael sang on the song, "The Last Kiss" which peaked at #6 in the UK Top 40 and charted all over Europe and in Australia. Subsequent singles from the album - "Romance (Let Your Heart Go)" and "Someone" - were minor hits in comparison. However, the last single from the album "She Knows All About Boys" was a Pan European #1. The album written prior to and after the marriage of Cassidy to Meryl Tanz was written about their marriage and David gives both Meryl and her daughter Caroline thanks for the two years it took to bring it to fruition.
The album is produced by Alan Tarney. Tarney also wrote or co-wrote (with David Cassidy) all songs on the album with the exception of "She Knows All About Boys".

</doc>
<doc id="20457493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457493" title="Rock Stars Kill">
Rock Stars Kill

Rock Stars Kill is a compilation of various artists released by Kill Rock Stars on August 1, 1994. The compilation was released simultaneously as a vinyl LP with accompanying 7″ single, and as a CD.

</doc>
<doc id="20457675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457675" title="British occupation of Manila">
British occupation of Manila

The British occupation of Manila between 1762 and 1764 was an episode in Philippine colonial history when the Kingdom of Great Britain occupied the Spanish colonial capital of Manila and the nearby principal port of Cavite.
The resistance from the provisional Spanish colonial government established by members of the Royal Audience of Manila and their Filipino allies prevented British forces from taking control of territory beyond the neighbouring towns of Manila and Cavite. The British occupation was ended as part of the peace settlement of the Seven Years' War.
Historical background.
At the time, Britain and France were belligerents in what was later called the Seven Years' War. As the war progressed, the neutral Spanish government became concerned that the string of major French losses at the hands of the British were becoming a threat to Spanish interests. Britain first declared war against Spain on 4 January 1762, and on 18 January 1762 Spain issued their own declaration of war against Britain. France successfully negotiated a treaty with Spain known as the Family Compact which was signed on 15 August 1761. By an ancillary secret convention, Spain became hurriedly committed to making preparations for war against Britain.
On 6 January 1762, the British Cabinet led by the Prime Minister, the Earl of Bute, agreed to attack Havana in the West Indies, and approved Colonel William Draper's 'Scheme for taking Manila with some Troops, which are already in the East Indies' in the East. Draper was commanding officer of the 79th Regiment of Foot, which was currently stationed in Madras, British India. On 21 January 1762 King George III signed the instructions to Draper to implement his Scheme, emphasizing that by taking advantage of the 'existing war with Spain', Britain might be able to assure her post-war mercantile expansion. 
There was also the expectation that the commerce of Spain would suffer a 'crippling blow'. Upon arriving in India, Draper's brevet rank became brigadier general. A secret committee of the East India Company agreed to provide a civil governor for the administration of the Islands, and in July of 1762 appointed Dawsonne Drake for the post. Manila was one of the most important trading cities in Asia during this period and the Company wanted to extend its influence over the Archipelago.
Offensive actions.
On 24 September 1762, a British fleet of eight ships of the line, three frigates, and four store ships with a force of 6,839 regulars, sailors and marines, sailed into Manila Bay from Madras. The expedition, led by Brigadier-General William Draper and Rear-Admiral Samuel Cornish, captured Manila, "the greatest Spanish fortress in the western Pacific".
The Spanish defeat was not really surprising. Former Governor-General of the Philippines, Pedro Manuel de Arandia, had died in 1759 and his replacement, Brigadier Francisco de la Torre had not arrived because of the British attack on Havana in Cuba. The Spanish Crown appointed the Mexican-born Archbishop of Manila Manuel Rojo del Rio y Vieyra as temporary Lieutenant Governor. In part, because the garrison was commanded by the Archbishop, instead of by a military expert, many mistakes were made by the Spanish forces.
On 5 October 1762 (4 October local calendar), the night before the fall of the walled city of Manila, the Spanish military persuaded Rojo to summon a council of war. Several times the archbishop wished to capitulate, but was prevented. By very heavy battery fire that day, the British had successfully breached the walls of the bastion San Diego, dried up the ditch, dismounted the cannons of that bastion and the two adjoining bastions, San Andes and San Eugeno, set fire to parts of the town, and drove the Spanish forces from the walls. At dawn of October 6, British forces attacked the breach and took the fortifications meeting with little resistance.
During the siege the Spanish military lost three officers, two sergeants, 50 troops of the line, and 30 civilians of the militia, besides many wounded. Among the natives there were 300 killed and 400 wounded. The besiegers suffered 147 killed and wounded, of whom 16 were officers. The fleet fired upon the city more than 5,000 bombs, and more than 20,000 balls.
Occupation of Manila.
Once Manila fell to British troops, the churches and government offices were ransacked, valuables were taken and historical documents such as Augustinian records, government documents and even the copper plates for the grand 18th-century Murillo Velarde map of the Philippines were ransacked along with the naval stores at the Cavite Naval Yard, the paintings in the Governor General’s Palace, the contents of Intramuros churches and the possessions of most wealthy houses. Rape, homicide and vandalism also rampaged through the city in what is known as the first "Rape of Manila". The British demanded a ransom of four million dollars from the Spanish government to stop the plundering of the city, to which Archbishop Rojo agreed in order to avoid further destruction.
On 2 November 1762, Dawsonne Drake of the British East India Company assumed gubernatorial office as the British Governor of Manila. He was assisted by a council of four, consisting of John L. Smith, Claud Russel, Henry Brooke and Samuel Johnson. Villacorta managed to escape. When after several attempts Drake realised that he wasn't getting as many assets that he expected, he formed a War Council that he named Chottry Court, with absolute power to imprison anyone who he wished. Many Spaniards, Latinos, Mestizos, Chinese, Indians and native Malays were brought into prisons for crimes, that as denounced by Captain Thomas Backhouse, were "only known to himself."
Resistance.
In the meantime the Royal Audience of Manila had organised a war council and dispatched Oidor Don Simón de Anda y Salazar to the provincial town of Bulacan to organise continued resistance to the British. The Real Audencia also appointed Anda as Lieutenant Governor and Visitor-General. That night Anda took a substantial portion of the treasury and official records with him, departing Fort Santigo through the postern of Our Lady of Solitude, to a boat on the Pasig River, and then to Bulacan. He moved headquarters from Bulacan to Bacolor, Pampanga, which was more secure, and quickly obtained the powerful support of the Augustinians. 
Anda eventually raised an army which amounted to over 10,000 combatants, most of them volunteer natives, and although they lacked enough modern weapons, they were successful in keeping the British forces confined to Manila. On 8 October 1762 Anda wrote to Rojo informing him that Anda had assumed the position of Governor and Capitan-General under statutes of the Council of the Indies which allowed for the devolution of authority from the Governor to the Audiencia in cases of riot or invasion by foreign forces, as such was the case. Anda, being the highest member of the Audiencia not captive by the British, assumed all powers and demanded the royal seal. Rojo declined to surrender it and refused to recognise Anda as Governor-General. 
The surrender agreement between Archbishop Rojo and the British military guaranteed the Roman Catholic religion and its episcopal government, secured private property, and granted the citizens of the former Spanish colony the rights of peaceful travel and of trade 'as British subjects'. Under British control, the Philippines would continue to be governed by the Real Audencia, the expenses of which were to be paid by Spain. However, Anda refused to recognize any of the agreements signed by Rojo as valid, claiming that the Archbishop has been made to sign them by force, and therefore, according to the statutes of the Council of the Indies, they were invalid. He also refused to negotiate with the invaders until he was addressed as the legal Governor-General of the Philippines, returning to the British the letters that were not addressed to that effect. All of these initiatives were later approved by the King of Spain, who rewarded him and other members of the Audiencia, such as José Basco y Vargas, who had fought against the invaders. 
The isolated British force proved insufficient. Severe disagreements then broke out between Dawsonne Drake and the military commanders who replaced Draper and Cornish, preventing either effective military action or fruitful negotiations with Anda.
End of the occupation.
The Seven Years' War was ended by the signing of the Treaty of Paris (1763) on 10 February 1763. At the time of signing, the signatories were not aware that Manila had been taken by the British and consequently it fell under the general provision that all other lands not otherwise provided for be returned to the Spanish Crown. After Archbishop Rojo died in January 1764, the British military finally recognised Simón de Anda y Salazar as the legitimate Governor of the Philippines, sending him a letter addressed to the “Real Audiencia Gobernadora y Capitanía General”, after which Anda agreed to an armistice on the condition that the British forces withdraw from Manila by March.
The British ended the occupation by embarking from Manila and Cavite in the first week of April 1764, and sailing out of Manila Bay for Batavia, India, and England.
Aftermath.
Diego Silang, who was emboldened by Spanish vulnerability, was promised military assistance if he began a revolt against the Spanish government in the Ilocos Region, but such aid never materialised. Silang was later assassinated by his own friends, and the revolt aborted after his wife, who had taken over the leadership, was captured and executed together with the remaining rebel forces. 
Sultan Alimuddin I, who had signed a treaty of alliance with the British forces after they had freed him from Fort Santiago in Manila, where he had been imprisoned accused of treason, was also taken with the evacuating forces, in the hope that he could be of help to the aspirations of the East India Company in the Sultanate of Sulu.
A number of Indian soldiers, known as Sepoys, deserted the British forces and settled down in Cainta, Rizal.
Many valuable oil paintings from the Palacio del Gobernador in Intramuros, rare maps, charts, historical manuscripts and official documents, precious books, letters and papers of religious orders, together with bundles of primary source materials about the Philippines during the 17th century, were taken away by Dawsonne Drake and his successor, Alexander Dalrymple, and eventually ended up at the British Museum in London or auctioned by Sotheby's.
The conflict over payment by Spain of the outstanding part of the ransom promised by Rojo in the terms of surrender, and compensation by Britain for the excesses committed by Governor Drake against residents of Manila, continued in Europe for years afterward.
Assessment.
The British failure to extend control beyond Manila and Cavite made their occupation's continuation unviable. Captain Thomas Backhouse reported to the Secretary of War in London that "the enemy is in full possession of the country".
The British accepted the written surrender of the Philippines from Archbishop Rojo on 30 October 1762, but the Royal Audience of Manila had already appointed Simón de Anda y Salazar as the new Governor-General as provided for under the statutes of the Council of the Indies, as was pointed out by Anda and retrospectively confirmed by the King of Spain, in his re-appointment of both Anda and Basco. It was not the first time that the Audiencia had assumed responsibility for the defense of the Philippines in the absence of a higher authority; in 1646, during the Battles of La Naval de Manila, it temporarily assumed the government and maintained the defense of the Philippines against the Dutch.
As Francisco Leandro Viana, who was in Manila during the 20-month occupation, explained to the Spanish King in 1765, "the English conquest of the Philippines was just an imagined one, as the English never owned any land beyond the range of the cannons in Manila".
Additional Readings.
Borschberg, P. (2004), “Chinese Merchants, Catholic Clerics and Spanish Colonists in British-Occupied Manila, 1762-1764” in "Maritime China in Transition, 1750-1850", ed. by Wang Gungwu and Ng Chin Keong, Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz, pp. 355-372.

</doc>
<doc id="20457742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457742" title="Copa Petrobras Bogotá">
Copa Petrobras Bogotá

The Copa Petrobras Colombia is a tennis tournament held in Bogotá, Colombia since 2004. The event is part of the "challenger series and is played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20457764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457764" title="Lion's Choice">
Lion's Choice

Lion's Choice is a St. Louis-based fast food restaurant chain specializing in roast beef sandwiches. The first store opened in Ballwin, Missouri in 1967, under the name Brittany Beef, for a short while, and then Red Lion Beef House. Currently, there are 23 locations in Missouri.
Lion's Choice's marketing specialization is serving "lean beef that is slow-roasted in the restaurant and is sliced fresh for each sandwich ordered."
Choice Foods LLC and Lionhearts Inc are both franchisees of Lion's Choice.
The restaurant has sponsored a number of charities and teams, such as Shamrocks Against Dystrophy, the St. Louis County Library Reading Club, the MS 150 Bike Tour, and Trailnet. It was the Missouri state winner for the National Restaurant Association's Restaurant Neighbor Award in 2006. and was named Best Fast Food by the Riverfront Times.
Because of its specialization in roast beef, Arby's is considered Lion's Choice's direct competition. 
The midwest restaurant's name originates from the king of the jungle's choice in foods, being the Lion. Hence the name, Lion's Choice.

</doc>
<doc id="20457772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457772" title="Airplane Miniatures">
Airplane Miniatures

Airplane Miniatures is a supporter's EP by Einstürzende Neubauten, released to subscribers of the Phase I Supporter Project just after the Supporter Album No. 1 album in 2003, as a "small Christmas present" to subscribed fans.

</doc>
<doc id="20457774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457774" title="Paul Hamilton (footballer born 1941)">
Paul Hamilton (footballer born 1941)

Paul Ebiye Hamilton (born July 31, 1941) is a former Nigerian footballer and manager. 
Career.
He spent the bulk of his playing career (1961-1975) with NEPA Lagos.
Coaching career.
After retirement he was hired as coach of the U-20 national team. He was then hired as head coach of the Nigeria national football team in 1989 but was fired after Nigeria failed to qualify for the 1990 FIFA World Cup. He went on to coach the female national team for their first World Cup. He received his UEFA coaching license in summer 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20457903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457903" title="Kingdom of Butuan">
Kingdom of Butuan

The Kingdom of Butuan (Cebuano: "Gingharian sa Butuan"; Tagalog: "Kaharian ng Butuan"; 蒲端國 in Chinese records) was an ancient Indianized kingdom in pre-colonial southern Philippines centered on the present Mindanao island city of Butuan. It was known for its mining of gold, its gold products and its extensive trade network across the Nusantara area. The kingdom had trading relationships with the ancient civilizations of Japan, China, India, Indonesia, Persia, Cambodia and areas now comprised in Thailand.
The balangay (large outrigger boats) that have been found along the east and west banks of the Libertad river(old Agusan River) have revealed much about Butuan's history. As a result Butuan is considered to have been a major trading port in the Caraga region during the pre-colonial era.
Chinese records.
Evidence indicates that Butuan was in contact with the Song dynasty of China by at least 1001 AD. The Chinese annal "Song Shih" recorded the first appearance of a Butuan tributary mission (Li Yui-han李竾罕 and Jiaminan) at the Chinese Imperial Court on March 17, 1001 AD and it described Butuan ("P'u-tuan") as a small Hindu country with a Buddhist Monarchy in the sea that had a regular connection with the Champa kingdom and intermittent contact with China under the Rajah named Kiling. The rajah sent an envoy under I-hsu-han, with a formal memorial requesting equal status in court protocol with the Champa envoy. The request was denied later by the Imperial court, mainly because of favoritism over Champa.
A new ruler with the Indianized name Sri Bata Shaja later succeeded in attaining diplomatic equality with Champa by sending the flamboyant ambassador Likanhsieh. Likanhsieh shocked the Emperor Zhenzong by presenting a memorial engraved on a gold tablet, some white dragon ("Bailong" 白龍) camphor, Moluccan cloves, and a South Sea slave at the eve of an important ceremonial state sacrifice. This display of irreverence sparked interests from China over the small Rajahnate and the diplomatic relations between the two states reached its peak during the Yuan Dynasty. Chinese records about the Rajahnate stopped after the reign of Rajah Siagu the last independent Rajah of Butuan. He was formally subjugated into the Spanish empire after he made a blood compact with Ferdinand Magellan in 1521.
Excavated artifacts.
Numerous jars have been found in the Butuan area that indicate the wealth of the kingdom and the existence of foreign traditions. Some of these jars have been dated as follows:
Artifacts have been recovered from within the vicinities of Ambangan Archeological Site in Libertad that attest to the historical accounts that Butuan traded with the India, Japan, Han Chinese, and Southeast Asian countries during these periods.
Origins of the name.
The name "Butuan" is believed to have existed long before the Spanish conquistadores arrived in the Philippine archipelago. One possible indication of this is a rhinoceros ivory seal with design carved in ancient Javanese or early kawi script (used around the 10th century AD ) which, according to a Dutch scholar, was deciphered as But-wan. Another account suggests the name derives from the word "batuan", a mangosteen-related fruit common in Mindanao. Another alternative is that the name derives from Datu Bantuan, possibly a former chieftain of the region.

</doc>
<doc id="20457913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457913" title="Peerwana">
Peerwana

Peerwana is a village in Faisalabad District near Chak Jhumra, Punjab, Pakistan. It is in Chak Jhumra Town's Union Council#2. It is situated on the Faisalabad to Pindi Bhattian Motorway M3 near Sahianwala Interchange. Its Latitude is 31°44'21.51"N and Longitude is 73°13'20.97"E. It is one of the newly built motorways of Pakistan which connects Islamabad and Lahore to Faisalabad. Many people nearby villages have used it as a starting point for Lahore, Islamabad, Peshawar and Multan. It is 140 kilometers away from Lahore and 30 kilometers away from Faisalabad.
It was named after Peer sahab, a prominent saint.
Nearby towns are Salarwala, Sangla Hill, Chak Jhumra, Chiniot and Pindi Bhattian. By road, 43/JB Peerwana is connected to Salarwala, Sangla Hill, Chak Jhumra, Chiniot and Pindi Bhattian.
The most famous things in Peerwana are Darbar Bawa Sardar Ali and Government Primary school for Girls and Boys. Bawa Sardar Ali a Muslim Sufi, Syed Yousaf Shah who gave people teachings of Islam.
This village consists of Gudgor Families mainly except this Aasi Family is there.Ch. Muhammad Afzal Sahi, a former speaker, Punjab assembly of Pakistan, was a famous follower of Bawa Sardar Ali and used to visit darbar time and again. The town has a multi-ethnic population of ten thousand. Much of this population is uneducated. Conditions of civil amenities are poor. A government hospital exists three kilometer away from main population area which was established in the time of united India. It has shifted to a new building and its old land has been occupied by land mafia.
Probably the biggest feature of Peerwana is its game of Shooting Volleyball. As the legend goes this game has been played for 60 or so years. Some outstanding shoot strikers of Punjab were produced in Peruana. The game is played in front of the Peruana Adda Bus Stop and can be seen morning and evening. Every spring there is a tournament in which teams from all nearby areas participate.
Castes.
Gudgore is the major caste here.
Aasi, Luhar, Mochi, Kumhar, Na'ee, Tarkhan, Maachhi, Muslim Sheikh, and Sheikh casts are also found in Peerwana.Gudgore is the major caste in this village.Almost 80% families belongs to Gudgore Family.Gudgor is a sub-caste of Jut Family.Forefathers of Gudgor Family migrated from Sialkot from "Gudgore" Village in Tehsil Pasrur before independence of Pakistan and settled here.In those days this area was rich in plants/jungle.So, they started cutting trees and made land for agriculture purposes.Now there are four villages of Gudgor Family.Peerwana, Jalma'ana, Aa'lniawala and Ramowana.Gudgore Families also live all over the Pakistan.
Economy.
The economy is meager and agricultural in nature. Many people are employed in Pakistan Rangers Force. The canal Jhang Branch passes just two kilometers away from Peruana. Irrigation water for land comes from this canal. Land is very fertile. Those who have no land go to Faisalabad, Lahore and Karachi for earning.
See also.
'"Chak no 42 JB(bera wala bangla)
it is the village in tehsil chak jhumra.famous schools are govt primary school(mutmal), govt elementary school(baar),govt primary school(tlayala).main cast of the chak are baar,mutmal,aasi,nekukare."'

</doc>
<doc id="20457992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20457992" title="Dana Zhalko-Tytarenko">
Dana Zhalko-Tytarenko

Dana Zhalko-Tytarenko (born September 20, 1992) is a Canadian figure skater.
Career.
She is the 2007 Canadian Junior Ladies Champion. Zhalko-Tytarenko trains at Calalta Figure Skating Club and is coached by Scott Davis and Jeff Langdon.

</doc>
<doc id="20458011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458011" title="Fred Roy Krug">
Fred Roy Krug

Fred R. Krug is an American film & television producer - director born in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20458013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458013" title="Woodhands">
Woodhands

Woodhands is a Canadian electro-pop band. Based in Toronto, the band currently consists of musicians Dan Werb (synth/vocals) and Paul Banwatt (drums/vocals). They work closely with producer Roger Leavens at Boombox Sound in Toronto. Past members and guest collaborators have included Roselle Healy, Pat Placzek, Maylee Todd, Laura Barrett, Taylor Trowbridge, Chris von Szombathy, Elan Benaroch, Tyler Greentree and Jess Conn-Potegal. In an interview, Werb said they called the band Woodhands because he "wanted to let everyone know that there was an organic element to the ambient electronic music I was making." 
Werb had previously pursued different incarnations of the band in Vancouver and Montreal before meeting Banwatt through their shared membership in Henri Fabergé and the Adorables. They began playing and recording together as Woodhands in October 2006, and signed to Paper Bag Records in the fall of 2007 after playing the Pop Montreal festival.
The duo finished the recording of "Heart Attack" in early 2008 with producer Roger Leavens at Boombox Sound in Toronto. Heart Attack was released on Paper Bag Records on April 1, 2008. After the release of Heart Attack, Werb and Banwatt toured across Canada and internationally, including shows in China and Japan, to support the album. In reference to "Heart Attack", Woodhands said in an interview: “With the album, we just wanted that immediacy of emotion and that urgency of not being able to hold something in,” Werb says. “Just that sense of ‘this has to be expressed’ — there is no holding back.” 
In 2009 Woodhands took part in an interactive documentary series called City Sonic. The series, which featured 20 Toronto artists, had Dan and Paul describing an illegal outdoor show at the Don Valley Brickworks. In 2011, Werb also participated in the National Parks Project, collaborating with musicians Sebastien Grainger and Jennifer Castle, and filmmaker Catherine Martin, to produce and score a short documentary film about Mingan Archipelago National Park Reserve in Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="20458023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458023" title="Shiploader">
Shiploader

A Shiploader is a huge machine used for loading bulk solid materials like iron ore, coal, fertilizers, grains into ships for transportation by sea. Shiploaders are a very common sight in ports and jetties from where bulk materials are exported.
It mainly consist of an extendable arm or boom, a belt conveyor and a mobile structure to support the boom. It is usually mounted on rails and sometimes on tyres and can move in order to be able to reach the whole length of the ship. The boom also can move front and back, up and down by separate drives so that it can fill all the corners of the ship holds.
Shiploaders are built in capacities from 1000 to 15000 TPH (tonnes per hour). The height of a shiploader can be in excess of 20 meters and the boom can extend to a length of more than 60 meters.
A Mobile High Angle Shiploader can be found in the Port of Adelaide, Australia. The mobile sandwich belt "Snake" is carried on a tripod of twin motorized rubber tires. Each set of twin tires is mounted at a vertical kingpin and can rotate 360 degrees about that vertical axis. Thus, without repositioning, it can set up to travel in any direction. With the tail tires fixed, the front tires can be oriented and traveled for a slewing motion. Australia's first Snake Ship loader elevates a variety of high value ores from trucks to ship at an angle of 50 degrees. Materials for export are trucked to the dock and dumped onto a special trap loader type feeder. The ore is fed continuously and uniformly onto the mobile snake's receiving chute. The snake ship loader elevates the bulk over the ship's deck to the hatch where it is discharged into the ship's hold. At the discharge, a special telescoping chute, with rotating, pivoting spoon, facilitates even and complete filling of the holds.

</doc>
<doc id="20458029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458029" title="Società Aerea Mediterranea">
Società Aerea Mediterranea

Società Aerea Mediterranea (SAM) was an Italian cargo and passenger airline based in Rome, Italy, which operated between 1928 and 1939 as subsidiary of Ala Littoria and between 1959 and 1981 as subsidiary of Alitalia. Founded on 26 March 1928 as a government initiative of the Secretary of State for Air Italo Balbo with the aim to take the control of all private airline and rationalize all domestic and international routes.
It was relaunched on 3 December 1959 as an non-IATA Alitalia subsidiary to operate IT flights, together with local cargo and secondary domestic passenger services on behalf of the mother company. The latter were transferred to Aero Trasporti Italiani in 1964 and the company concentrated on charter operations introducing jet service in 1968. SAM ceased operations at the end of 1976 and was put on liquidation on 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20458040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458040" title="Palisade, Saskatchewan">
Palisade, Saskatchewan

Palisade was once a small hamlet in Reno Rural Municipality No. 51, Saskatchewan, Canada. The townsite (33-5-24-W3) is located 5 km north of highway 13, about 40 km west of the town of Eastend.
Population.
Palisade, like so many other communities throughout Saskatchewan, has struggled to maintain a sturdy population causing it to become a ghost town, with only a few if not any residents.
Education.
Palisade no longer has a school, but those who live in Oxarat and area are sent to the neighboring village of Consul which has a school that covers Kindergarten to Grade 12 serving approximately 100 students.

</doc>
<doc id="20458057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458057" title="The Giant Turnip">
The Giant Turnip

"The Giant Turnip" or "The Enormous Turnip" () is a children's fairy tale of Russian or Slavic origin. It was first published in 1863 in the collection "Russian Folk Tales", edited and published by Aleksandr Afanas'ev. 
It is a progressive story, in which a grandfather plants a turnip, which grows so large that he cannot pull it up himself. He asks the grandmother for help, and they together still cannot pull it up. Successively more people are recruited to help, until they finally pull the turnip up together. The specific ordering and set of people and sometimes animals varies. However in original Russian version the order is quite fixed, it is the grandfather (dedka), the grandmother (babka), the granddaughter (vnuchka), the female-dog (zhuchka), the female-cat (koshka) and finally the female-mouse (myshka). The humour or moral of the story is that only with the help of the weakest and smallest creature (the mouse) can the giant turnip or radish (repka) be pulled up. This is very popular in Russia as the names of the participants rhime:
repka (turnip) - dedka (grandfather) - babka (grandmother);
vnuchka (granddaughter) - zhuchka (she-dog);
koshka (she-cat) - myshka (she-mouse).
In English, the fairy tale has had multiple treatments. One of the unfinished projects of award-winning illustrator Ezra Jack Keats was a version of "The Giant Turnip"; artwork for the book was published in the 2002 collection "Keats's Neighborhood: An Ezra Jack Keats Treasury".

</doc>
<doc id="20458089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458089" title="Graham Annable">
Graham Annable

Graham Annable (born June 1, 1970, in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada) is a cartoonist and animator living in Portland, Oregon. He is the creator of "Grickle", published by Alternative Comics, and one of the founders of the "Hickee" humor anthology (also published by Alternative Comics). Annable has created works for the television, film, video game, and comic book industries.
After graduating from Toronto's Sheridan College, where he was classically trained as an animator, Annable ended up at LucasArts. He worked there for ten years, ultimately as a lead animator. In addition, Annable has done illustration and cartoon work for (among others) Chuck Jones, Nickelodeon, and Walt Disney Productions. His self-produced short animated films are also popular among YouTube watchers. Annable was most recently employed as creative director at Telltale Games, and has continued working closely with them.
In February 2013, it was announced that he is co-directing at Laika a 3D stop-motion/CGI animated feature film, titled "The Boxtrolls", and scheduled for 2014.
Awards.
Annable was nominated for a 2002 Harvey Award for Best New Talent.

</doc>
<doc id="20458092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458092" title="SIRT4">
SIRT4

Sirtuin 4, also known as SIRT4 is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "SIRT4" gene.
Function.
This gene encodes a member of the sirtuin family of proteins which are homologs of the Sir2 gene in budding yeast. Members of the sirtuin family are characterized by a sirtuin core domain and grouped into four classes. The functions of human sirtuins have not yet been fully determined; however, yeast sirtuin proteins are known to regulate epigenetic gene silencing and suppress recombination of rDNA. Studies suggest that the human sirtuins may function as intracellular regulatory proteins with mono-ADP-ribosyltransferase activity. The protein encoded by this gene is included in class IV of the sirtuin family.
SIRT4 is a mitochondrial ADP-ribosyltransferase that inhibits mitochondrial glutamate dehydrogenase 1 activity, thereby downregulating insulin secretion in response to amino acids. It has been shown that SIRT4 regulates fatty acid oxidation and mitochondrial gene expression in liver and muscle cells.

</doc>
<doc id="20458116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458116" title="Don't Laugh at Me">
Don't Laugh at Me

"Don't Laugh at Me" is a song written by Allen Shamblin and Steve Seskin, and recorded by American country music artist Mark Wills. It was released in July 1998 as the second single from album "Wish You Were Here". Like "I Do (Cherish You)" before it, "Don't Laugh at Me" was a number 2 hit on the "Billboard" country charts. The song received Country Music Association nominations for Country Music Association's Single, Song and Video of the Year in 1998.
Background and writing.
Allen Shamblin was inspired to write the song after his daughter came home from school one day, telling him that she was being teased by other children at school because of her freckles. The song is a ballad in which various characters, such as children who have been teased or a homeless man begging on a street corner, ask for acceptance from others.
Wills has received letters from teachers and students who have said that they can identify with the song's story. According to him, "everyone can relate to song…Everyone at some point in their life has been picked on, made fun of or put down." He told "Billboard" magazine that the song is "one of the strongest songs I've ever recorded in terms of dealing with life in general."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Jim Hershleder and premiered in mid-1998.
Chart performance.
"Don't Laugh at Me" debuted at number 69 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of July 18, 1998.
Peter, Paul and Mary version.
Peter Yarrow attended a performance by co-writer Seskin at the Kerrville Folk Festival, which led to his recording the song with Peter, Paul and Mary. Their version appeared as the sole new recording on their compilation album Songs of Conscience and Concern. The song helped inspire Yarrow to found the non-profit organization Operation Respect, promoting tolerance and civility programs in education. The organization distributes curriculum programs under the "Don't Laugh At Me" name. In conjunction with this program, the song has been made into a children's book including an afterword by Yarrow. Part of the proceeds from the book go to Operation Respect.

</doc>
<doc id="20458145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458145" title="Tim Walker">
Tim Walker

Timothy "Tim" Walker (born 1970) is a British fashion photographer, who regularly shoots for Vogue", W Magazine and LOVE Magazine.
Life and career.
After graduating in 1994, Walker worked as a freelance photography assistant in London before moving to New York City as a full time assistant to Richard Avedon. On returning to England, he initially concentrated on portrait and documentary work for UK newspapers. At the age of 25, he shot his first fashion story for "Vogue".
Walker staged his first major exhibition at the Design Museum, London in 2008. This coincided with the release of his book ‘PICTURES’ published by teNeues.
In 2010 Walker’s first short film, "The Lost Explorer" (BBC Films, 2010) was premiered at Locarno Film Festival in Switzerland.
Walker’s "Story Teller" was exhibited at Somerset House in 2012 and published as a book by Thames and Hudson, designed by Ruth Ansel.
In 2013 The Bowes Museum in Durham exhibited Walker's photographs, curated by Greville Worthington, of work beyond the pages of Vogue and Vanity Fair.
Walker lives in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20458262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458262" title="Magnum Semiconductor">
Magnum Semiconductor

Magnum Semiconductor Inc. is a video compression technology company. The headquarters of the company is in Milpitas, California. The company has an engineering branch at Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.
Magnum Semiconductor was formed in 2003 as a spinout of the Cirrus Logic Video Division which developed MPEG video recording and enabled consumer DVD recorders. 
Investors included August Capital, and Investcorp Technology Partners. In May 2007, a second round of $27 million in funding was announced, led by Investor Growth Capital, with new investors WK Technology Fund, KTB Ventures, and Gold Hill Capital.
Magnum acquired the consumer products division of LSI Corporation in June 2007, including Domino and Zevio video compression technology. The LSI division had started with the acquisition of C-Cube Microsystems, the first company to offer real time MPEG1 and MPEG2 compression. The company's products target both professional and consumer markets.
Magnum offers hardware, software, reference platforms, and engineering support for digital video recording, playback and management of audio/video content. The Magnum platforms also enable sharing entertainment via optical disc, flash disk and home networking.
Magnum's consumer products are found in video recorder products of consumer electronic manufacturers.
In February 2008 Gopal Solanki, from Nvidia, took over as the chief executive from Jack Guedj.
A $12 million from NXT Capital Venture Finance was announced in October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20458273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458273" title="Engineering Software Lab">
Engineering Software Lab

Engineering Software Lab Ltd (ESL) (), is an Israeli software company headquartered in Netanya, Israel. ESL's core business is acting as a value-Added Reseller (VAR) for software products, ESL also provides consultancy and integration services for commercial software products and custom software development.
ESL designs and develops a wide range of own-label and white-label products. It is now one of the largest technical software resellers in Israel.
ESL is a private company hence no sales, or other financial figures are officially released.
As of 2013, the main business focus of ESL is selling and integrating Application lifecycle management software and acting as the Israeli representative of Wolfram Research makers of Mathematica
History.
2005.
In 2005, Engineering Software Lab was established by in Israel Daniel Liezrowice as a financial engineering software company that represented financial software companies such as RiskMetrics (now part of MSCI). and Numerical Algorithms Group at the same time ESL developed localized applications around off the shelf financial engineering software.
2006.
In 2006, ESL started designing and developing dashboards for Israeli hedge funds and investment houses, usually by using .NET Framework based products like Dundas Data Visualization, Inc. and unique technologies like Fractal Intelligence
By July 2006, ESL signed a landmark distribution agreement with Accusoft (now part of Pegasus Imaging Corporation) makers of ImageGear Software
By the end of 2006, ESL was joined by Dr. Rami Yosaef and Moti Bazak that established the ESL market risk bureau ) that serves the Israeli finance industry with various risk analysis services.
2007.
By mid-2007, when the subprime mortgage crisis started to unfold, ESL's management understood that the finance sector was damaged and a swift process of diversification began. ESL started offering products and services to various other sectors like avionics, aerospace, defense, health and manufacturing and mainly to software engineering operations. This year saw the first sales outside Israel when contracts were signed with customers in Korea, Switzerland and Great Britain.
2008.
In April 2008, ESL signed a distribution agreement with Wolfram Research makers of Mathematica. In June 2008, the market risk bureau and the sales and services of financial software operation were moved to a newly span daughter company named Trigonlab Ltd.
2009.
In May 2009, ESL arranged a donation of gridMathematica campus wide license to all 6 major universities in Israel and was aimed at introducing gridMathematica to users across the universities.
Circa August 2009, ESL opened a new R&D center at the Poleg industrial park in Netanya.
2010.
On 23 June 2010, ESL, together with The Israeli Users’ Association of Advanced Technologies in Hi-Tec Integrated Systems (ILTAM), arranged a professional seminar on the subject of static code analysis in practice, around 60 software engineers attended the event.
On 15 October 2010, ESL Signed a distribution agreement with Simulcraft Inc., the company behind OMNeT++, the agreement allows ESL to distribute in Israel the product known as "OMNEST, the object-oriented discrete event simulation framework" a business commercial edition of the open source OMNeT++.
On 15 August 2010 ESL started selling and servicing Israeli customers with Build automation and Build Acceleration software products developed by Build Process Software specialists Electric Cloud.
2011.
During February and March 2011, ESL and Wolfram Research (makers of Mathematica) operated throughout Israel the "Israel Mathematica Tour 2011" the tour was designed to increase awareness within Israeli academic institutions to the benefits of the new version Mathematica 8.
On February 2011 ESL was accepted to the Perforce Partners Program as the Israeli Exclusive Distributorship ESL will sale and support the Revision control product line in Israel. On December 2011 ESL achieved its first major design win for Perforce selling hundreds of licenses to the Israeli Start-Up Forscout 
On April 2011 ESL was accepted to the Parasoft Partners Program as the Israeli Distributorship ESL will sale and market the complete Parasoft product line in Israel and is acting as the main point of contact for support and system integration services in Israel.
2012.
On May 2012 ESL was accepted to the Palamida Partners Program as the Israeli representative, ESL will sale and market the complete Palamida product line and will provide open source compliance scan and audit services using Palamida Open Source Compliance products.
2013.
By July 2013 it was became publicly known that ESL signed a large multiyear agreement for sales, integration and support of Development Testing software tools made by Parasoft with an Israeli medical device company named "Flight Medical", the purpose of that agreement is to assist Flight Medical passing the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Center for Devices and Radiological Health qualification process for medical devices 
FIX Protocol.
On June 2010 ESL established the Israeli center for Financial Information eXchange FIX Protocol products and services, the center employs a group of software specialists in the area of FIX Protocol, the group oversee and execute the process of connecting the Israeli Capital market to FIX Protocol based system world wide, one of the most known projects of that center is the connection of TASE Tel Aviv Stock Exchange that uses a proprietary protocol to Financial Information eXchange FIX Protocol based systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20458349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458349" title="Mikhail Horowitz">
Mikhail Horowitz

Mikhail Horowitz (born January 18, 1950) is an American poet, performance poet, parodist, satirist, social commentator, author and editor.
Biography / Career.
Mikhail Horowitz was born in Brooklyn, New York. He graduated from Erasmus Hall High School in 1967 and went on to attend State University of New York at New Paltz where he performed in a production of Carlo Gozzi's "Turandot." He frequented on and off-campus poetry readings and performance gigs, reading his own poetry, playing the recorder and harmonica and performing with local musicians, including Raoul Vezina, Richard J. (Rich) Rizzi and others. In classic '60s style, he dropped out of college in 1970 to work full time on the "Gargoyle," the Hudson Valley's first alternative or "underground" which he helped to start in 1969 in New Paltz, Ulster County, NY — then a major center of student action, antiwar protest, assisted psychotropics, and artistic renaissance.
While working on the "Gargoyle" Horowitz changed his name to Mikhail ("Mik") Horowitz, as he was often confused with Michael Horovitz, a widely published post-Beat British poem who was enamored of jazz and who orchestrated the Poetry Olympics in London, and Michael Horowitz, author, activist, friend of Timothy Leary and later father of Winona Ryder. The deciding straw was receiving a mistakenly delivered packet of galley proofs from one of Michael Horovitz’s publishers.
Beginning in 1973, Horowitz spent five years on the road, mainly on the West Coast, as the 'Null' half of the comic duo Null and Void. 'Void' was his comedic partner Francesco (Frank) Patricolo. Horowitz referred to this collaboration as "a metaphysical stand-up tragedy team." The partnership, but not the friendship, broke up in 1978. After this, he continued to perform on his own, with musicians and a variety of performance artists in the Mid-Hudson Valley, New York. In 1989, he teamed up with Paris born/American raised Gilles Malkine, a musician and composer. Malkine performed with Tim Hardin at the original Woodstock Festival, 1969; through the years he worked with many other musicians, including John Sebastian and Billy Faier. Horowitz and Malkine continue to perform together actively into 2009. They have presented more than 750 performances in New York, New England, Michigan, Maryland, New Mexico, Oregon, Washington (state), Ohio, and Ontario to date. Their repertoire varies greatly but often contain audience favorites, particularly routines with literary motifs and references to American culture, particularly the 60s/70s and culture. In 1978 City Lights books published "Big League Poets", baseball card collages of imaginary historical and literary baseball players.
From 1986 through 1999, Horowitz's principal occupation was as a journalist, first with the "Daily Freeman," a daily serving Kingston, N. Y. and then the "Woodstock Times," where as arts editor he was listed on the masthead as "Cultural Czar." From early in his career Horowitz was performing music. He plays blues harmonica and alto, soprano, and sopranino recorders, and occasionally blows kazoo, pennywhistle, and various wooden flutes. These instruments are a regular part of his performances. He maintains a singularly unique style of recorder playing, as it is cocked to the side of his mouth as one might imagine impish Pan might hold it.
As a performance poet and stand-up cultural commentator/singer, Horowitz has performed at hundreds of diverse venues, from the Village Gate, Westbeth Theater, and the Image Theater, in New York City with repeated visits to the 92nd Street Y; the Bumbershoot Festival, Seattle, Washington, the Taos Poetry Circus, Taos, New Mexico, a variety of not-so orthodox synagogues; the Rosendale Caves, Rosendale, New York; a headliner at several the Woodstock Poetry Festivals and many other events in Woodstock; Unison, New Paltz, NY; Clearwater Great Hudson River Revival Festival in Croton, New York; and many other locales. His solo poetry, prose, and artwork continue to be published in numerous anthologies, including "City Lights Journal, The Stiffest of the Corpse, The Outlaw Bible of American Poetry," "Brilliant Corners," "Elysian Fields Quarterly," and "Yellow Silk Anthology." He has collaborated with or shared the bill with, Charles Mingus, Peter “P.D.Q. Bach” Schickele, Allen Ginsberg, Ed Sanders & The Fugs, Robert Bly, Bob Holman, David Amram, Marilyn Crispell, Andrei Codrescu, Artie Traum and Happy Traum, Jay Ungar, Molly Mason, Phil Donahue, Amy Goodman, Natalie Merchant, Kate Pierson (B-52s), Raoul Vezina, and Ron Whiteurs, among many others. Through the years, Horowitz's stage style and content has been compared to Lenny Bruce, Lord Buckley, and sometimes, mistakenly, to Brother Theodore. Horowitz's style is both more playful and erudite, with a Shakespearian penchant for satisfying the audience's predilection for the bawdy.
As of 1989, Horowitz lives in Saugerties, New York with his partner of over 20 years, artist/illustrator Carol Zaloom. He has for several years remained on the editorial staff of Bard College Publications, Bard College, Annandale-on-Hudson, NY. He is a member of Actors & Writers, based in Olivebridge, New York.
Selected Journals, Magazines, and Papers.
"Abraxas, Archae, Arson, Brilliant Corners, Chiron, City Lights Journal, Davka, Elysian Fields Quarterly, Exquisite Corpse, Graffiti Rag, Hanging Loose, Heaven Bone, Hunger, Io, Long Shot, Matter, New York Times, Pig Iron, Rattle, Spitball, White Pine Journal"

</doc>
<doc id="20458435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458435" title="Egypt–Italy relations">
Egypt–Italy relations

Egypt–Italy relations refer to relations between Egypt and Italy. Relations were established during the period of the Roman Empire. However in World War II, relations were strained as Italy invaded Egypt. However after the war, relations were re-established and are close. Egypt has an embassy in Rome and Milan, while Italy has an embassy in Cairo and Alexandria, also the two nations are members of the Union for the Mediterranean.

</doc>
<doc id="20458441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458441" title="Steinberg's (electronics store)">
Steinberg's (electronics store)

Steinberg's Inc. ( ) was a chain of stores in the Eastern United States that specialized in consumer electronics and home appliances. The Reading, Ohio–based company was founded by Ely Steinberg in 1921, and the Steinberg family continued to own the chain until its bankruptcy and liquidation in 1997.
History.
Ely Steinberg opened his first store in 1921. The first two stores were located in Cincinnati, Ohio, and focused on musical instruments and electronic audio equipment, such as The Victrola, an early record player, and crystal radio receivers. Notable customers included Powel Crosley Jr., whose WLW-AM later became Cincinnati's premiere radio station.
Steinberg closed the two stores during the Great Depression and reopened one of them in 1937. The chain began to sell a greater variety of products, including stoves, refrigerators, dishwashers, and eventually television sets and desktop computers. By the 1990s, Steinberg's had become a chain of 22 stores in Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, and Tennessee.
Facing competition from larger retailers, such as Sun Television and Appliances and Roberd's Grand, Steinberg's abruptly closed its doors on September 22, 1997, in a manner reminiscent of another Cincinnati-based department store, Swallen's. Steinberg's quickly reopened its stores and filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy the next day.

</doc>
<doc id="20458460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458460" title="Face to Face discography">
Face to Face discography

This is a comprehensive discography of Face to Face, a Southern California-based punk rock band. The band has released seven full-length studio albums (counting a covers album), two EPs, two split albums, one live recording, one compilation album, four music videos, seven singles. This list is not intended to include material performed by members or former members of Face to Face that was recorded with Legion of Doom, Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, No Use for a Name, The Offspring, Pulley, Saves the Day, 22 Jacks, Viva Death, Red Faced, or Real Space Noise.
Biography.
Face to Face traces its beginnings back to 1988 when singer/guitarist Trever Keith, bassist Matt Riddle, and drummer Rob Kurth formed a local metal band called Zero Tolerance. After forming, Kurth's friend Mark Haake joined the group in 1989 as an additional guitarist for a couple of months before getting orders to the Middle East with the Air Force. Although no formal studio recordings of Zero Tolerance exist, they had recorded a handful of demo tapes. As a three-piece, the band played a show at Spanky's in Riverside, California, and a couple of other local shows. When Haake left, the band continued as a three-piece and changed their name to Face to Face in 1991.
In late 1991, Face to Face were signed to a local punk rock record label Dr. Strange Records. Dr. Strange issued the band's first single "No Authority" and their first studio album "Don't Turn Away", which was released in 1992. Copies of "Don't Turn Away" sold quickly and Dr. Strange was unable to keep up with the demand, so Keith contacted NOFX's Fat Mike of Fat Wreck Chords to re-release it with wider distribution. In addition to re-releasing the album, Fat Wreck Chords released "Disconnected" as a 7" single in August 1993. Also in 1993, just after a three-week tour in Germany supporting their labelmates Lagwagon, Face to Face added Chad Yaro as an additional guitarist. Before the band could begin work on "Don't Turn Away'"s follow-up, they made a decision to go with a new label that had major-label distribution. The label, Victory Music,signed them and then they entered the studio with producer Thom Wilson (of The Offspring fame) and began recording their second album, entitled "Big Choice". The label was nervous about their distribution deal and wanted a test release to run through the system, and issued an EP of songs from 7"s and other rarities called "Over It".
A&M Records signed the band and re-released "Big Choice" in 1995, yielding a minor hit on the L.A. local radio station KROQ with the re-recording of "Disconnected". After touring with bands such as NOFX, The Mighty Mighty Bosstones, and The Offspring during 1995, Riddle left Face to Face and went on to play in 22 Jacks and Pulley before settling on No Use for a Name. The band replaced Riddle with a then-unknown bassist named Scott Shiflett. Face to Face returned to the studio in 1996 to record another album for their label, resulting in their self-titled fourth album, which was a moderate success. To promote the album, the band joined the Warped Tour in 1997.
After promoting the self-titled album, longtime drummer Rob Kurth left the band in early 1998. To finish out the touring cycle for the self-titled album, the band replaced Kurth with Jose Medeles, who was out with them on a co-headlining US tour with the Reverend Horton Heat band, before taking a break to write and record their next album. After 25 different drummers were auditioned to replace Kurth, the band finally found Pete Parada. After the release of two more albums, "Ignorance is Bliss" (1999) and "Reactionary" (2000), Yaro departed from Face to Face in 2001. Instead of hiring a replacement for him, the band decided to continue as a three piece.
After the release of one more album, "How to Ruin Everything" (2002), Face to Face decided to call it quits, and embarked on a farewell tour in 2004. The band released a holiday song "Merry Xmas" on the 2004 Kevin and Bean album Christmastime in the 909. After breaking up, Keith had been active in the mashup group Legion of Doom, among other bands such as Shiflett's brainchild Viva Death and a solo project called Pablum. Yaro had been missing from the public eye after his 2001 departure from Face to Face. After leaving Saves the Day, Parada joined The Offspring in 2007, replacing Atom Willard, During the recording of their new studio album at the time. 
After a four-year hiatus, Face to Face reunited in January 2008 for select shows in the US and internationally. In April of that year, they performed together for the first time since breaking up at The Glasshouse in Pomona, California, and have continued to perform numerous live venues since. The band released "Laugh Now, Laugh Later", their first album in 9 years, on May 17, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20458470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458470" title="Hawaii gubernatorial election, 2002">
Hawaii gubernatorial election, 2002

The 2002 Hawaii gubernatorial election was held on November 3, 2002 to select the Governor of Hawaii. Incumbent Democratic Governor of Hawaii Ben Cayetano was term-limited and therefore could not run for re-election. Former Maui Mayor Linda Lingle, who had narrowly lost the 1998 election, was nominated once again by the Republicans while Lieutenant Governor Mazie Hirono earned the Democratic nomination in a tightly fought race. Lingle and Hirono duked it out in a toughly-fought campaign, with Hirono's campaign crippled by allegations of corruption within the Hawaii Democratic Party and many voters desiring a change. Ultimately, Lingle won out over Hirono in one of the state's closest gubernatorial elections, allowing her to become the first Republican Governor since 1962 and the first female Governor ever.

</doc>
<doc id="20458494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458494" title="Terry Goulet">
Terry Goulet

Marie Therese Veronica "Terry" Goulet, née Boyer de la Giroday (born September 26, 1934) is a Canadian best-selling author, historian, Metis scholar, public speaker, wife of George R. D. Goulet and mother of five children including Laura de Jonge. Born in Calgary, Alberta, she studied at the University of Manitoba receiving a BSc (HEc) degree. Terry had an eclectic career working as a paralegal and a free-lance indexer of corporate and securities law reporters for CCH. Along with her husband George, Goulet has spoken to thousands of people across North America on Louis Riel and the Métis including at the Manitoba Pavilion during the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. In the spring of 2012 they spoke at the Centre of Canadian Studies at the University of Edinburgh. and at the British Association of Canadian Studies conference on Sustaining Canada at Murray Edwards College at the University of Cambridge where they gave a talk on the Aboriginal rights of the Métis in relation to the Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipelines. 
Goulet and her husband George contributed expert information about Louis Riel to the CBC series "" and together they are the Historical Consultants to the BC Metis Federation.
In September 2006, Goulet was a member of a round table discussion at a conference in Winnipeg to commemorate the centennial of Gabriel Dumont's death. 
An annual scholarship, the George and Terry Goulet Bursary in Canadian History, was established at the University of Calgary in their honor.
Terry, along with her husband George, is a strong supporter of the exoneration of Louis Riel and has been quoted on her support of the Private member's bill introduced by Pat Martin in the House of Commons.
In October 2012, Terry and her husband George spoke before a Standing Committee of the Senate of Canada to examine and report on the legal and political recognition of Métis identity in Canada. 

</doc>
<doc id="20458505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458505" title="V. Larry Teaver, Jr.">
V. Larry Teaver, Jr.

Virgil Larry Teaver, Jr. (March 30, 1919 – September 2005) was an assistant in the administration of Texas Governor Preston Smith who served as secretary of state for seventeen days, from January 2 to January 19, 1973. After 1978, he worked as the Project Manager for Lakeridge Estates in Lubbock, Texas.
He was born and grew up in Lochney, Texas. He was married for sixty-two years to the former Suzanne "Sue" Yerby (1922–2004), a native of Cheyenne, Wyoming. They had two sons, Jim (deceased) and Bill, and two grandchildren. As a young man, Teaver would often work with livestock and was able to travel the forty eight states of America after he'd left high school on his own. He served in the U.S. Army in World War II as a sergeant in the Philippines and worked on the board for the Managed Care Center for Addictive Disorders later in life.

</doc>
<doc id="20458525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458525" title="Jakub Chlebowski">
Jakub Chlebowski

Professor Dr. Jakub Chlebowski or Jakob Chlebowski (born on 3 May 1905 in Liwenhof in Latvia, died on 25 January 1969 in Israel) was an esteemed Polish Jewish professor and doctor, scientist, researcher, lecturer, author, philanthropist, Chancellor and Vice-Chancellor of the Medical Academy in Bialystok, Poland (now the Medical University of Bialystok).
Biography.
Chlebowski received an honorary degree from the University of Montpellier in France. He was the author of dozens of scientific and research papers in French, German and Polish, and three ground-breaking medical textbooks. He graduated from the University of Vilnius in 1929. In the 1930s Chlebowski worked at the Department of Internal Diseases in Vilnius. During World War II he was arrested by the Soviets and exiled to the depths of the Soviet Union. In the Komi Republic and Krasnodar and in the Siberian camp, as a prisoner, he worked as a doctor treating other prisoners despite the poorest conditions and with few supplies, earning the respect of senior Russian officers. Prof. Dr. Chlebowski returned to Poland in 1945 following the war.
After the war Chlebowski was employed by the Klinik Internal Diseases in Kraków and Łódź, and by Habilitował in Lodz in 1948.
In 1951 Chlebowski became involved in the founding of the Medical University of Białystok and was appointed Professor of Medicine and Director of the Department of Internal Diseases.
In 1953 Chlebowski stood up for one of his university students, who was removed from school at the request of the Board for concealing his connection with the underground anti-Hitler movement. During deliberations by the Appeals Board, Prof. Dr. Chlebowski was the only executive member who stood in defense of the university student.
Between 1957 and 1959 Chlebowski held the post of Vice-Rector of the Medical Academy in Bialystok, and between 1959 and 1962 he was honoured with the appointment as Rector.
Chlebowski was removed from the university during "the March events." on 22 April 1968 at an openly held party gathering, attended by all university staff and students. The documentation from the Medical Academy in Bialystok (the college PZPR letter dated 23 April 1968) reads as follows:
""The Committee Campus Polish United Workers' Party of the Academy of Medicine in Bialystok, after consideration of the matter on 22 April 1968, seek a request to the National Minister of Health, by his Magnificent Rector of the local university professor on the appeal of Dr. Jakob Chlebowski, the position of Head of the Department of Internal Diseases of the Medical Academy in Bialystok, because of his hostile attitude of the People's Republic of Poland and the Soviet Union.""
On 16 October 1968 Chlebowski and his family (wife Tamar Chlebowski, a dentist, and only daughter) emigrated to Israel. On 25 January 1969, Chlebowski was hit by a motorist whilst crossing the street.
Posthumous Honors.
In 1990 the Medical Academy in Bialystok and various authorities honored the memory of Chlebowski and rectified their actions of 1968. The University senate unanimously adopted a resolution condemning the decision to remove Chlebowski from the university.
A lecture hall at the State Hospital has been named Clinical Professor. Dr. Jacob Chlebowskiego, and a bronze plaque has been placed commemorating the great patron.
In 1996, the Medical Academy in Bialystok held a solemn meeting at the Białostockiego Department of Internal Polish Society to honor their great professor.
Chlebowski was awarded The "Order Odrodzenia Polski" ("Order of Poland Reborn"), one of Poland's highest civilian orders, conferred for outstanding achievements in the fields of education, science, sport, culture and arts.
In 2005, to honor the centenary of Chlebowski's birth, the Academy of Medicine in Bialystok awarded its first, and now annual, prize, in honor of Chlebowski, to the top medical graduate student at the Medical Academy in Bialystok. This prize was founded and is sponsored by Chlebowski's daughter, Dr. Irena Chlebowska-Bennett, an eye specialist who now lives in Sydney, Australia with her husband and two sons. The first laureate was Magdalena Mlonek, dentist, who was handed her prize in person by Dr. Irena Chlebowska-Bennett on campus during a ceremony held on 25 November 2005 in high Auli Medical University of Bialystok.
Polonia Restituta has described Chlebowski as "an institution whose principles are now tended by large numbers of his colleagues and students". "He came to Bialystok in 1951, young and quickly took over the management of the Academy of Medical Clinic - Interior Diseases. His long and hard day begun primarily as lecturer and moved to research and clinical practice. The Professor had a great ability to teach complex medical principles, which he later elevated to a higher level of complex medical findings, including through scientific work" says Professor Jan Stasiewicz. Professor Stasiewicz goes on to say "short descriptions and memories alone cannot reflect all the achievements, merits and successes the Professor and Chancellor of the Academy of Medical Sciences had, there were simply too many. The most important, that even today his disciples and students often say: ""Explore, as he Chlebowski"" or ""if you fail to treat your patient as Chlebowski would have, you have no chance to successfully treat them"", and most notable, "Chlebowski's medical ethics were not just slogans, they were simply his "principle way of working"".

</doc>
<doc id="20458533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458533" title="Tommy Hanson">
Tommy Hanson

Thomas J. "Tommy" Hanson Jr. (born August 28, 1986) is a professional baseball starting pitcher for the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball. Hanson was considered by "Baseball America" to be the top prospect in the Atlanta Braves farm system going into the 2009 season. He made his MLB debut with the Braves on June 7, 2009. 
Early life.
Tommy was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. After moving to California at a very young age, Hanson graduated from Redlands East Valley High School in June 2004, electing to continue his post-secondary education at Riverside Community College. He played for the Corvallis Knights in the West Coast League, an independent summer collegiate baseball league. In 2005, he was selected in the 22nd round (677th overall pick) by the Atlanta Braves as a draft-and-follow pick.
Tommy played Little League baseball in Victorville, California under Little League coach Steve Cooper. Tommy also played his freshman year of high school baseball at Silverado High School in Victorville, California before transferring to Redlands East Valley. Then he was drafted out of Riverside Community College in Riverside, California.
Minor league career.
The following year, in 2006, Hanson began playing for the Danville Braves of the Appalachian League. In Danville, he began the season as the league's fourth-best prospect according to "Baseball America". That season, Hanson ended up starting Game 2 of the Appalachian League Championship Series, finishing the season 4–1 with three wins coming in relief. He also had a 2.09 ERA with a 0.99 WHIP.
2007.
Before the 2007 season began, Hanson was named the best pitching prospect in the South Atlantic League and the ninth-best prospect in the Braves system. Hanson began the 2007 season in Class A, playing for the Rome Braves. When in Rome, Hanson amassed a 2–6 record with a 2.59 ERA in 14 starts (and one relief appearance). Midway through the season, Hanson was called up to the Myrtle Beach Pelicans, also a Class A team for the Atlanta Braves. He ended up finishing the season at 3–3 with a 4.20 ERA in 11 starts.
2008.
Hanson began the 2008 season in Myrtle Beach. In his first start, Hanson pitched five no-hit innings and recorded a then career-best 13 strikeouts (later broken in Double-A that year). Over his seven starts with the Pelicans, he allowed 15 hits in 40 innings. That stat, along with his 3–1 record and 0.90 ERA, earned him a promotion to the Braves' Double-A affiliate, the Mississippi Braves. At Mississippi, Hanson threw a no-hitter in his ninth start while also setting a new career high for strikeouts with 14. Hanson finished the 2008 season with Mississippi. He finished 8–4 with a 3.03 ERA in 18 starts. Following the Minor League season, Hanson won the MiLBY for Class A Advanced Single Game Performance. He won this award for his performance with the Myrtle Beach Pelicans. Hanson was named the Atlanta Braves Pitcher of the Year and also placed on Baseball America's Minor League Team of the Year. Hanson was invited to the Arizona Fall League to showcase his pitching. He compiled a 5–0 record with a 0.63 ERA while racking up 49 strikeouts in 28.2 innings. Hanson was named the Arizona Fall League's MVP, the first pitcher to receive this award.
2009.
In the 2008 offseason, the Atlanta Braves were one of multiple teams that were interested in trading for San Diego Padres pitcher Jake Peavy. Hanson's name was mentioned throughout the proceedings, but a trade for Peavy did not take place. Hanson began the 2009 season with the Braves' Triple-A affiliate, the Gwinnett Braves. He was named the number one prospect in MiLB by Minor League News in the MLN FAB50 Baseball 2009 rankings.
Major league career.
2009.
Hanson was called up by the Atlanta Braves on June 3, 2009 after the team cut Tom Glavine. He made his debut on June 7 against the Milwaukee Brewers, pitching 6 innings, striking out 5, giving up 6 earned runs, 3 home runs, and receiving a no decision. He gave up two home runs to Ryan Braun, the first being the first hit allowed in Hanson's major league career.
On June 12, Hanson earned his first win against the Baltimore Orioles. 
On June 28, he threw six scoreless innings against the Boston Red Sox, allowing just 2 hits and 2 walks to improve his career major league record to 4–0 and lowered his ERA to 2.48. In his first 4 major league victories, his combined ERA was 0.78. At one point in the season he had thrown 22 consecutive shutout innings and also became the first National League rookie pitcher to win consecutive starts against the Yankees and the Red Sox. For his efforts, Hanson was named June's NL Rookie of the Month. In his final 10 starts, Hanson pitched 60.2 innings and allowed just 17 earned runs in that span. Hanson finished third in voting for the National League Rookie of the Year award.
2010.
Hanson finished the 2010 campaign with a 10–11 record, 3.33 ERA, and 1.17 WHIP. He set a career-high in innings-pitched with 202.2, surrendering 182 hits while striking out 173 batters and walking 56.
2011.
On June 12, Hanson set a new career high of 14 strikeouts in a game against the Houston Astros, which matched the most strikeouts recorded by a pitcher at Minute Maid Park. The pitcher who initially set the record of 14 strikeouts at Minute Maid Park was Bud Norris. At the all-star break, Tommy Hanson led the league in opponents' batting average (.190), was fourth in ERA (2.44), third in K/9 (9.5), second in WHIP (1.016), and tied for third in wins (10). Nonetheless, Hanson was not selected to the NL All-Star team.
2012.
Hanson got his first start of the season on April 5 (Opening Day). On July 31, Hanson was placed on the disabled list with a lower back strain. When he was put on the disabled list, Hanson had started 22 games with a 12-5 record and a 4.29 ERA.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
Hanson was traded to the Angels in exchange for P Jordan Walden on November 30, 2012.
After a 2013 season in which Hanson recorded a 4-3 record with a 5.42 ERA in 15 appearances (13 starts), Hanson was non-tendered by the Angels, making him a free agent.
Texas Rangers.
On February 11, 2014, Hanson agreed to a major league contract with the Texas Rangers.
Pitching style.
Hanson throws three main pitches: a four-seam fastball at 89–92 mph, a slider at 78–82 mph, and a curveball at 71–73 mph. He occasionally throws a two-seam fastball and changeup, mainly to left-handed hitters. His slider is his most common 2-strike pitch to right-handers, and it responsible for a plurality of his strikeouts. His curve has the highest whiff rate, at 38% over his career.

</doc>
<doc id="20458569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458569" title="Away from Me">
Away from Me

"Away from Me" is the lead single from Puddle of Mudd's "Life on Display" album. Wes Scantlin mentioned in an interview with VH1 that "Away from Me" was written about how he was lied to and deceived in a relationship.
A music video was created for the song, and can be found on the "Life on Display" CD when inserted into a computer's CD drive. The song is also one of Puddle of Mudd's most successful songs, charting the highest of any song on the "Life on Display" album. It hit #1 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, where it stayed for three weeks, in addition to reaching #5 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart, and #72 on the Billboard Hot 100. It was featured in an episode of "The O.C." in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20458599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458599" title="Karantina, Jeddah">
Karantina, Jeddah

Karantina is an area in southern Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
Karantina is considered to be a slum with illegal immigrants and criminal activity. Many African expatriates who illegally entered Saudi Arabia and lower-income Saudis live in Karantina. John R. Bradley, author of "Saudi Arabia Exposed: Inside a Kingdom in Crisis", described Kerantina as "a melting pot of colors, cultures, and languages."
Around 2005 illegal substances were sold in Karantina in the streets at all times. Women buy and sell the substances. Bradley stated that this was unusual behavior in a country where trafficking drugs has the death penalty. A government official stated that, as of 2005, each week he received up to seven cases of AIDS in Karantina.

</doc>
<doc id="20458600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458600" title="Quincy-Columbia Basin Irrigation District">
Quincy-Columbia Basin Irrigation District

The Quincy-Columbia Basin Irrigation District is a non-profit quasi-municipality located in North Central Washington State that operates and maintains a portion of the Columbia Basin Irrigation Project. The primary function of the Irrigation District is to deliver irrigation water to farm land located in the Columbia River Basin.
Overview.
The Quincy-Columbia Basin Irrigation District (QCBID) is one of three independent non-profit
quasi-municipalities founded under Washington State Law that hold a contract with the United
States Bureau of Reclamation, a division of the United States Department of Interior, to
operate and maintain a portion of the Columbia Basin Project.
The Quincy-Columbia Basin Irrigation District is also a member of the Grand Coulee Hydropower Authority. Under agreement with GCHPA and Grant County Public Utility District No. 2, the Quincy Irrigation District contributes in excess of 9400 kilowatts of hydroelectric power produced at the Quincy Chute, located near the mark on the West Canal, to the local power grid.
Geography.
The service area for the Irrigation District is bounded roughly to the North by Lake Lenore,
to the South by the Saddle Mountains, to the East by Moses Lake, and to the West by the
Columbia River. The other two Irrigation Districts, the East-Columbia Basin Irrigation District (ECBID) and the South-Columbia Basin Irrigation District (SCBID) cover the remainder of the Columbia Basin Project.
Cities within the District Boundaries include Soap Lake, Ephrata, Quincy, George, Royal City, and portions of Moses Lake, Washington. Service areas include most of Grant County and a small portion of Adams County.
Delivery System.
The water source servicing the irrigated lands within the district starts at Grand Coulee Dam, located in North Central Washington. The water is pumped up into the Banks Lake Reservoir. At the outlet of Banks Lake Reservoir is Dry Falls Dam, which regulates the amount of water entering into the irrigation project's Main Canal, which runs south from Dry Falls Dam to another reservoir called Billy Clapp Lake, formed by Pinto Dam. The Main Canal continues to a point North and East of Soap Lake, Washington, to the Main Canal Bifurcation. At this point, the Main Canal splits into the East Low Canal and the West Canal. The East Low Canal serves the East and South Columbia Basin Irrigation Districts, while the West Canal exclusively services the Quincy-Columbia Basin Irrigation District.
Crops Served.
Crops Currently Grown Within the Irrigation District vary widely; one estimate claims over 60 different crops are grown annually. Over $2 billion worth of crops are grown annually within the Columbia Basin Project; Alfalfa, wheat, soybeans, mint, potatoes, sweet corn, grain corn, livestock, apples, cherries, peaches, apricots, oats, barley, wine grapes, beans, sugar beets, carrots, squash, watermelon, and various other crops are commonly grown within the Irrigation District.
Statistics.
Irrigable land - 
District area - Over 
Initial capacity of West Canal - 
West canal length - 
Sub laterals length - 
Drains/wasteways length - 
Parcels of land served - 4,166
Number of employees - 113
Irrigable area per employee - 

</doc>
<doc id="20458662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458662" title="Bhimbandh Wildlife Sanctuary">
Bhimbandh Wildlife Sanctuary

Bhimbandh Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary in Bihar in the south west of Munger district.
Etymology.
According to Mahabharat, Bhima, one of the pandavas, constructed a dam (bandh) here and therefore it is called Bhimbandh.
Geography.
Bhimbandh Wildlife Sanctuary is located in the south west of Munger district. The forests cover an area or 681.99 km² on the hills and undulating tract of Kharagpur Hills. It is situated at a distance of 56 KM from southern border of Munger, 20 km from Jamui Railway Station and 200 km from Patna Airport.
This forest are located in the famous Kharagpur hill range.Bhimbandh is situated south of river Ganges to the northern boundary of Chhotanagpur Plateau and west of Santhal Pargana. it is surrounded on all sides by non-forestry areas inhabited by dense population. In the valley portions and at the foothills are several hot springs of which the finest are at "Bhimbandh", Sita Kund and Rishi Kund. All the hot springs maintain nearly almost same temperature round the year. Among them "the Bhimbandh springs" have the maximum temperature (52°C to 65°C) and discharge (0.84-1.12 cum/sec) and constitute the best area for the exploration of geothermal energy potential.
There are number of places of tourist interest nearby the Sanctuary like, Rishi Kund, Sita Kund, Ha-Ha Punch Kumari, Rameshwar Kund, Kharagpur Lake etc.
Climate.
The climate is normal for the Munger district.
There are three distinct seasons in this zone, summer (March to May), monsoon (June to September) and winter (October to February). Average annual rainfall of this district is 1146 mm.
Fauna.
Tiger (8), Leopard (36), Peacock (637), Wild Bear1 (063), Rabbit (507), Hanuman (3388), Monkey1 (612), Sahil (57), Bear (96), Cheetal1 (87), Barking deer (559), Van Murgi863), Nilgai (255), Python (39), Tiger (829), Newala (36), Goh (39), and Hyena (36) are the major fauna of the Bhimband. Other fauna include the Jungle Cat, Fishing Cat, Leopard Cats and Hyaena. Small mammals include the rare Hispid Hare, Indian Gray Mongoose, Small Indian Mongooses, Large Indian Civet, Small Indian Civets, Bengal Fox, Golden Jackal, Sloth Bear, Chinese Pangolin, Indian Pangolins, Hog Badger, Chinese Ferret Badgers, and Particolored flying squirrels.
Crocodiles are found in "Kharagpur lake" and Kalidah near "Rameshwar kund". Among snakes cobra and kraits are of common occurrence while python, Narokole, Bisako and Karmegh are occasionally seen.
Common bird species are Peaf owl, Grey Patridges, Quail, Malabar, Pied Hornbill, Swallow, Nightjars, Dronge, Paradisefly, Kingfisher, Bulbul, Mainas, Pigeon, Wood Pigeon, Blue jay, Owl, Falcon, Kites, Eastern Imperial Eagle, Greater Spotted Eagle, White-tailed Eagle, Pallas's Fish Eagle, Grey-headed Fish Eagle, and the Lesser Kestrel and Vultures.
Birds such as the Lesser White-fronted Goose, Ferruginous Duck, Baer's Pochard duck and Lesser Adjutant, Greater Adjutant, Black-necked Stork, and Asian Openbill stork migrate from Central Asia to the park during winter.
The main animals found at Bhimbandh Wildlife Sanctuary are tigers, panthers, wild boars, sloth bear, sambar deer, chitals, four-horned antelope and nilgais. However, the sanctuary is more famous for its bird life rather than the land animals. It is home to more than 100 species of resident birds, which stay here all year around. The number increases in the migratory season i.e. during the winters, when there is an influx of birds from the Central Asia region.
Flora.
There are two major biomes present in Bhimbandh, first is grassland biome and second is forest biome. The sanctuary area having mainly of sal forest, forest, Bamboo forest, grass land and many small forests of many miscellaneous species of flora. The top canopy of Bhimbandh mainly consists Shorea Robusta (sal), Diospyros melanoxylon (kendu), Boswellia serrata (salai), Terminalia tomentose (Asan), Terminalia bellayoica (Bahera), Terminalia Arjuna (Arjun), Pterocarpus Marsupium (Paisar). The top canopy of Bhimbandh mainly Madhuca indica (Mahua) and Holarrhena antidysenterica. Bhimbandh's ground Flora includes Flemengia Chappar, Zizyphus Xylopyra, climber flora include Bauhinia Vahlii, Smilex Protifrera, and creppers flora includes Butea Superba, Butea Parviflora.
Lying in the famous Kharagpur range, Bhimbandh Wildlife Sanctuary boasts of a very rich and varied fauna. In fact, the flora here is quite distinctive when compared with the other sanctuaries in Bihar. As you move across the sanctuary, you will find Sal, Kend, Semal, and creepers belonging to different classifications
Administration.
Administered under Munger district. This village, within the Kharagpur police station, has an area of 4137 acres. The villagers in Bhimbandh are mainly engaged in the field of agriculture.
Transport.
By road from Munger town.
Visitors can access this place through Bhagalpur Junction Railway Station. Bariarpur station on Jamalpur Bhagalpur section is the nearest rail station as also the nearest road link on NH 80.
Road Route: Bariarpur - Kharagpur - Gangta - Bhimbandh - Jamui

</doc>
<doc id="20458706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458706" title="Binghamton (ferryboat)">
Binghamton (ferryboat)

The Binghamton is a retired ferryboat that operated from 1905 to 1967 transporting passengers across the Hudson River between Manhattan and Hoboken. She was built for the "Hoboken Ferry Company" of the Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad and was designed to carry 986 passengers plus vehicles. "Binghamton" has been permanently moored at Edgewater, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, since 1971. The US Department of the Interior added her to the National Register of Historic Places on July 9, 1982. Operated as a floating restaurant from 1975 to 2007, the vessel is now closed and awaiting reuse.
The "Binghamton" is significant as possibly the last surviving steam ferry still afloat built to serve New York Harbor, the birthplace of commercial steam navigation, the birthplace of the double-ended steam ferry, and an area whose development was profoundly shaped by the introduction of vessels of this kind.
Background.
Until the Pennsylvania Railroad built Pennsylvania Station in Manhattan and tunneled under the Hudson River, all New York-bound rail lines from the west terminated at the New Jersey shoreline of New York Harbor. Accordingly, a number of independent and railroad-affiliated ferry companies provided passenger and light freight service across the harbor. One particular type of ferryboat, the "double-ender," was especially common in New York Harbor.
Steam navigation met its first commercial success in New York Harbor, with the voyage of Robert Fulton's North River Steamboat (Clermont) from New York to Albany in 1807. Four years later, in 1811, John Stevens inaugurated what is thought to be the world's first steam ferry service on the Hudson River between Hoboken and Manhattan with the vessel "Juliana". The first American double-ended ferries appeared the following year with the paddle-wheelers "Jersey" and "York" of Robert Fulton's York & Jersey Steamboat Ferry Company. Excellent for transporting vehicles, the double-enders were well adapted to New York Harbor, where there was considerable demand for speed and efficiency (vehicles could drive on-and-off from either end and time consuming turns were not necessary). It has been estimated that over 400 double-ended ferries operated in New York Harbor during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. The peak years were 1906-1908 when approximately 150 double-ended ferries were in service in the Harbor.
The Hoboken Ferry Company was a subsidiary of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad (DL&W). The company had a fleet of six ferryboats when it ceased operations in 1967. These vessels took their names from principal stations on the DL&W RR's main line from Hoboken, NJ to Buffalo, NY. Three of these - the "Elmira", "Scranton", and "Pocono" (née "Scandinavia") - "Binghamton"'s sisters, were also built in 1905. (Another, "Ithaca", was destroyed by fire in 1946.) Of these, "Binghamton" is now the only survivor.
History.
"Binghamton" was one of six identical screw-propelled double-ended ferryboats built by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry-dock Company at Newport News, Virginia in 1904-05 to designs by Gardner & Cox, naval architects. She was launched on February 20, 1905, with Miss Charlotte Emery, daughter of John M. Emery, the newly promoted superintendent of the Hoboken Ferry Company and Ferry Department of the DL&W, serving as her sponsor. "Binghamton" was completed a month later and left the Newport News yard on March 25 for the trip to Hoboken, New Jersey. She was placed in commission on April 3. Her Captain for the first crossing was Oren D. Relyea.
Her normal run was from the Hoboken Terminal to Barclay Street, a twelve-minute journey of approximately 1 and 3/4 miles, a trip made continuously nearly every day for more than sixty years (on occasion she substituted on the Hoboken - 23rd Street run).
As alternate methods of travel across the Harbor were implemented, ferry transport diminished. The opening of the Pennsylvania Railroad line to Penn Station in Manhattan (1907); the Hudson and Manhattan Rapid Transit Line (1907); the Holland and Lincoln tunnels (1927; 1937); and the George Washington Bridge (1931) all contributed to the decline of the ferries. In 1960, the DL&W RR merged with the Erie Railroad to form the Erie-Lackawanna Railroad. The last ferry crossing of the Hoboken company, in operation since 1821, took place on November 22, 1967, when the railroad closed its trans-Hudson operations and offered its ferries for sale. The Erie-Lackawanna Railroad eventually filed for bankruptcy before being absorbed into Conrail in 1976.
Hudson River ferry service later experienced a revival, beginning with services provided by NY Waterway in December 1986. These services are maintained by small, single-ended diesel-powered pedestrian ferries that carry on the tradition of their steam-powered predecessors. Traditional double-ended ferries (diesel-powered) meanwhile continue to serve in New York Harbor on the Staten Island Ferry.
Restaurant conversion.
"Binghamton" was acquired in 1969 by Edward Russo, an Edgewater, NJ contractor, for conversion into a restaurant. Russo planned large dining rooms on the Upper and Main decks, plus two pubs in the former engine room. He leased a berth at Edgewater, NJ, and scheduled a grand opening for Labor Day, 1970. But a tug strike and delays in dredging her berth at Edgewater indefinitely postponed these plans.
"Binghamton" finally moved to Edgewater in 1971. Unable to find a concessionaire to operate the restaurant, Russo relinquished control of the vessel in 1973. In late 1974, "Binghamton" was sold to Ferry Binghamton Inc., of Hackensack, New Jersey, for conversion to a restaurant and nightclub. On February 28, 1975, her new owners had the vessel moved to a new permanent berth about one half mile downstream. The restaurant opened later that year.
The US Department of the Interior listed "Binghamton" on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. In 1997 the vessel made headlines when its owner, tycoon and former New Jersey Assembly Speaker Nelson Gross, was found murdered in Manhattan. The restaurant, known as "Binghamton's", continued to operate for ten years, but closed by Fall 2007. "Binghamton" has remained unused at her berth in Edgewater since then. In July 2011 the owner applied for a demolition permit. As of May 2012, the ferry has taken on water, and is partially submerged. The Binghamton was further swamped during Hurricane Sandy on October 29 or 30, 2012, damage unknown at this time.
The ferry had a fire on Sunday, May 19, 2013, that was investigated by the Edgewater Police and the Bergen County arson squad. The owner, Donald Kim, said that there was no damage to the boat. He further stated that he was closing on a deal to have a subtenant demolish and remove the ferry from the site, with plans to open a restaurant on a barge at that location.
Gallery.
"Binghamton" at Edgewater, NJ. Photos by T.E. Rinaldi, September 2004.
Binghamton in May 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20458732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458732" title="Gage Brewer">
Gage Brewer

Gage Kelso Brewer (1904 Gage, Oklahoma - 1985 Wichita, Kansas) was an American musician.
He never recorded a commercially released record, published a hit song or performed at any length as part of a nationally famous musical organization. His only known recording was a direct-to-disk 78rpm record made in Denver, Colorado in the early 1930s. The record is of the Marion Harris hit "A Good Man Is Hard To Find" and contains what may be the earliest recording of an electric Spanish and electric Hawaiian guitar.
Brewer maintained a career in music lasting over five decades. He notably acquired two pre-production electric guitars from what would eventually become known as the Rickenbacker Electro Instrument Company; a "standard" Spanish guitar and a Hawaiian "steel" guitar from his friend George Beauchamp late in the summer of 1932. Beauchamp, a talented guitarist himself, had long worked to develop a louder instrument, achieving marked success through the National resophonic guitar Company he helped form in 1927. On Oct. 15, 1931, George Beauchamp, Paul Barth and Adolph Rickenbacker formed the RO-PAT-IN Corporation, (elecktRO-PATent-INstruments) and within a year, from Beauchamp's designs created the first successful electrically amplified guitar. Brewer was one of a very few orchestra leaders to use the guitar as his primary instrument so an amplified guitar was a dream come true.
Brewer played primarily in the Hawaiian style with the guitar, face up, across the lap, intonated with a bar rather than fretted by hand. When he was born in Gage, Oklahoma Territory, Hawaiian music featuring the guitar would gain important public exposure at the 1904 Saint Louis World’s Fair. This music inspired musicians across the continent and eventually worldwide. Its influence on the music of the mainland would be profound through the mid 20th century.
By the age of 14 Brewer was entertaining the people of Shattuck, Oklahoma, giving lessons and working in the town’s theater. In 1920 he traveled to California for the first of what would be many visits. There he studied with Victor Recording artist Sam P. Moore, who was a well-known artist of the Hawaiian Style Guitar. Moore was one of the earliest mainlanders to apply the Hawaiian Style of playing to more traditional American folk songs foreshadowing the instrument’s prominence in country music. While in California, to “Who’s Who in the World of Music – 1936”, Brewer also studied under Sol Hoopii, Jack Miller, and D. S. Delano. Brewer’s formal musical education continued when he returned to the mid-west and attended Northwestern Oklahoma Teachers College in Alva. At about this time Brewer also worked Vaudeville, Lyceum and Chautauqua circuits.
By the mid-1920s Brewer had relocated to Wichita, Kansas, where he would establish his home base and work into the 1960s. From Wichita he began touring with his own orchestra and broadcasting on radio to further promote his work.
It’s not known exactly when Brewer first met George Beauchamp. The purchase of National Resophonic Guitars for both his orchestra and his students likely led to Brewer’s patronage of Beauchamp’s new product, the electric guitar, made available through what would become the world’s first electric musical instrument company: Ro-Pat-In, later and more famously known as Rickenbacker.
In California during the summer of 1932, Brewer took possession of two of the earliest electric guitars made by Beauchamp. In Wichita he contacted the local newspaper about his marvelous acquisitions. The Story ran in the October 2nd, 1932 edition of the Wichita Beacon announcing that the old guitar had been replaced with the new electric. The article states that Brewer was only the third person to play the amazing instrument (George Beauchamp, an accomplished guitarist himself, and Jack Miller, his friend presumably being the predecessors in research and development). The article went on to describe the new instrument, comparing it to the sound of a pipe organ or orthophonic speaker. A press release of the time promoted a series of Halloween themed Concerts and promised that the new instrument was a “combination of natural personal technique and electrical perfection”.

</doc>
<doc id="20458751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458751" title="Jeddah Hilton">
Jeddah Hilton

Jeddah Hilton Hotel (Arabic:فندق جدة هيلتون) is a five-star hotel located in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. The hotel currently houses 446 rooms. The hotel is divided into two buildings, Hilton hotel and Palace of East suits, but both of them belong to the same management. The hotel also includes a health club and spa–massage, conference and wedding halls, and a business center.

</doc>
<doc id="20458797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458797" title="Lee Middle School (Coweta County)">
Lee Middle School (Coweta County)

The newest of the 5 Coweta County middle schools, Lee Middle was opened for the 2006-2007 school year. It serves southeastern and extreme central areas of Coweta County, Georgia.
Opening.
The opening of Lee Middle came with much difficulty. 2 weeks after the ribbon cutting and 2 days before the 1st day of school, book funding hadn't come from the Board of Education. So, every spare and extra book at Madras and Evans Middle School was taken and given to Lee Middle students.
Athletics.
Lee Middle made it to the football playoffs every year since they opened in the 2006 season. They have never gone to the basketball playoffs. The girls soccer team has won 1 championship and that was in 2008. Lee Middle has won football, boys and girl's soccer, and girl's basketball championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20458803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458803" title="Eduardo Francisco de Silva Neto">
Eduardo Francisco de Silva Neto

Eduardo Francisco de Silva Neto, also known as Dudu (born February 2, 1980, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer, who has currently plays for Guarani.
In 2008, he won South Korea's K-League top scorer with 15 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20458816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458816" title="Let Me See the Booty">
Let Me See the Booty

"Let Me See the Booty" is the first promotional single released from The Dream's second studio album "Love vs. Money". The song features Lil Jon, who also produced the track. It was released via iTunes on November 25, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20458837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458837" title="Canon de 12 de Vallière">
Canon de 12 de Vallière

The Canon de 12 de Vallière was a type of cannon designed by French officer Florent-Jean de Vallière (1667–1759), Director-General of the Battalions and Schools of the Artillery.
Development.
The cannon was a result of the Royal Ordonnance of October 7, 1732, edicted to reorganize and standardize the King's artillery.
Whereas numerous formats and designs had been in place in the French army, de Vallière standardized the French sizes in artillery pieces, by only allowing the production of 24, 12, 8 and 4 pound guns, mortars of 12 and 8 French inches, and stone-throwing mortars of 15 French inches. The 24-pdr was the largest caliber available to French artillery in this system.
The cannon used core drilling of the bore of cannons founded in one piece of bronze, a method developed by Jean Maritz, which allowed for much higher precision of the bore shape and surface, and therefore higher shooting efficiency.
As with other de Vallière guns, the 12-pdr was also highly decorated and contained numerous designs and inscriptions.
Front part.
Starting with the front part, the gun had a sight design at it extremity. Then followed the name of the gun (here "Le Tonnerre"). Then, a Latin phrase "Ultima Ratio Regum", initially introduced by Louis XIV, and a rather thorough description of the role of the gun: "The Last Argument of Kings". Under that appears the name "Louis Charles de Bourbon, "comte d'Eu, duc d'Aumale"", the "Grand Maître de l'artillerie de France" (Grand Master of the Artillery of France), followed by a royal emblem. In the middle of the cannon are trunnions, used to position the gun in place and elevate or depress it. On top of the trunnions are dolphin-shaped ornaments, which are used in lifting the gun.
Back part.
The back part consists of, sometimes, an inscription showing the weight of the cannon ball (for example a "12" for a 12-pounder), followed by a Latin inscription ""Nec pluribus impar"", meaning that the King is "Not unequal to many (suns)". This is followed by the royal crest of the Bourbon dynasty. At the bottom of the gun, the location and date of manufacture are inscribed, and finally the name and title of the founder (in the example "Fondu par J. Martiz, Commissaire des Fontes"). The breech is decorated with an animal face showing the rating of the gun ("Bird" or "Rooster" for a 12-pounder).

</doc>
<doc id="20458848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458848" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Amherst County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Amherst County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Amherst County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20458857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458857" title="Modern Woman">
Modern Woman

"Modern Woman" is a song performed by Billy Joel from his album "The Bridge". 
The song was the first single off the album and was also featured on the soundtrack to the film "Ruthless People".
Though the song was quite successful, Joel has since said in interviews he does not care for it, and subsequently it has been left off most of his compilation sets (the exceptions appear to be "My Lives" and "The Ultimate Collection"). The song (sung by Joel) also appears on the album "The All Time Greatest Movie Songs". 

</doc>
<doc id="20458887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458887" title="A Matter of Trust">
A Matter of Trust

"A Matter of Trust" is a song performed by Billy Joel released as the second single from his album "The Bridge".
The song was the second top 10 single from the album, after the album's previous single "Modern Woman." The song's music video features Joel performing in a building in New York City's Greenwich Village and also shows various people in the city who eventually look through the building's windows to see Joel perform. His then-wife Christie Brinkley appears in the video holding their baby daughter, Alexa. The song differs from most Joel songs in that is based around an electric guitar sound rather than a piano, the latter being Joel's main instrument.

</doc>
<doc id="20458926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458926" title="Century Tower">
Century Tower

Century Tower may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20458951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458951" title="Jean-Michel Bokamba-Yangouma">
Jean-Michel Bokamba-Yangouma

Jean-Michel Bokamba-Yangouma is a Congolese politician. He was a prominent political figure from the 1970s to the 1990s, heading the Congolese Trade Union Confederation ("Confédération syndicale congolaise", CSC). He is currently the President of the General Movement for the Construction of Congo ("Mouvement général pour la construction du Congo", MGCC), a political party.
Political career.
Bokamba-Yangouma is from Cuvette Region in northern Congo-Brazzaville. He was the Secretary-General of the CSC from 1974 to 1997. During the single party rule of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT), he also became a member of the PCT Political Bureau in 1979 and was assigned responsibility for party organization. In addition, he was Secretary of the Central Committee in charge of the coordination of the party and the activities of mass organizations from 1984 to 1990. In 1989, he was assigned responsibility for the coordination of the activities of mass organizations in the Political Bureau; for Bokamba-Yangouma, who had been the regime's third-ranking figure, the occasion marked a decline in influence, which was related to the CSC's active opposition to applications of the Structural Arrangement Programme. He remained on the Political Bureau until 1991.
Seeking greater political reform and the establishment of multiparty politics, the CSC unsuccessfully sought its independence from the PCT in 1990. It led a general strike and protests in September–October 1990, causing the PCT regime to allow the creation of other political parties. Bokamba-Yangouma joined the opposition shortly before the February–June 1991 National Conference, playing a key role in ending the PCT regime. He was the First Vice-President of the Higher Council of the Republic during the 1991–92 transitional period leading to multiparty elections. Following the 1992 local elections, which were organized by the government of Prime Minister André Milongo and were widely criticized, Bokamba-Yangouma successfully worked to have Milongo's government deprived of its responsibility for organizing the subsequent parliamentary and presidential elections. Leading a political party, the Union for Democracy and Social Progress (UDPS), he was then elected to the National Assembly and became the First Vice-President of the National Assembly. Bokamba-Yangouma, who was allied with President Pascal Lissouba, served as President of the Economic and Social Council until Lissouba was ousted at the end of the June–October 1997 civil war. Bokamba-Yangouma fled into exile at the end of the war.
According to Bokamba-Yangouma, he turned to religion during his exile and became a devout Christian. He became the First Vice-President of the Patriotic Front for Dialogue and National Reconciliation (FPDRN), an opposition movement in exile, and in April 2001, he returned to Congo-Brazzaville to participate in a national dialogue as part of the FPDRN delegation. He subsequently returned on a permanent basis and met with President Denis Sassou Nguesso. In December 2001, while still President of the UDPS, he became the head of an opposition coalition composed of 44 parties and associations.
Bokamba-Yangouma later dissolved the UDPS and founded the General Movement of Christians of Congo ("Mouvement général des chrétiens du Congo", MGCC), a religiously-oriented party, in May 2004. As President of the MGCC, Bokamba-Yangouma said that the party would be inclusive and that non-Christians could join, "provided that they share the ideals of our party". Due to a constitutional prohibition on religious political parties, the MGCC was subsequently renamed as the General Movement for the Construction of Congo ("Mouvement général pour la construction du Congo"), retaining its acronym.
The MGCC held its first ordinary congress on 31 March 2007, stressing the importance of love and unity in the development of "a new and prosperous Congo". Bokamba-Yangouma called for the 2007 parliamentary election to be delayed due to the existence of what he described as a "legal vacuum"; this was a reference to the fact that a bill providing for the creation of an independent electoral commission had been approved by the National Assembly but not signed into law by Sassou Nguesso in time for the election. Like many other opposition parties, the MGCC boycotted the election. By early 2008, the MGCC identified itself as a centrist party and distanced itself from the opposition. Together with another party, the Union for the Reconstruction and Development of Congo (URDC), the MGCC formed a coalition, the Coalition of Center Parties (CPC), in April 2008. Bokamba-Yangouma was designated as the first President of the Coalition.
Bokamba-Yangouma supported Sassou Nguesso's bid for another term in the July 2009 presidential election. He was included on the 91-member National Coordination of the National Initiative for Peace (INP), a political association promoting Sassou Nguesso's 2009 re-election in conjunction with the preservation of peace, which was launched on 28 February 2009.
On 12 April 2012, Bokamba-Yangouma, who was serving as Vice-President of the CPC coalition at the time, was suspended from the coalition on the grounds that he had not respected its rules.

</doc>
<doc id="20458952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458952" title="Suabil union">
Suabil union

Suabil union () is a union of Bhujpur Thana of Chittagong District.
Geography.
Area of Suabil : 17,810 acres (72.08 km2.)।
Location.
North: Harualchari union
East: Fatikchhari Upazila
South: Hathazari Upazila
West: Sitakunda mount range
Population.
As of 1991 Bangladesh census, Suabil union has a population of 24585.
Educational institutions.
Suabil union has 2 High Schools.
Marketplaces and bazars.
Baidyer hat and Churkhahat is main marketplaces in the Union.
Famous persons.
Mr. Ahmed Rahim (Ex Ambassador), Md. Sujauddin (BCS Government officer), Mr. Suja uddin Jafor (Ex Student leader & Businessmen), Md. Manzoorul Kibria (National & International Award winning Researcher and University Teacher), Mr. Kamal Uddin (Industrialist) are famous persons of the suabil union. Mr. Monohari Das (Gov. Service Holder).
External links.
s.m.fazlul karim senior cemist( CFL)
References.
Informations:[http://www.lcgbangladesh.org/derweb/Population_Union.xls]

</doc>
<doc id="20458954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458954" title="Jules Schmalzigaug">
Jules Schmalzigaug

Jules Schmalzigaug (Antwerp, 1882 or 1883 (the sources have different data) - The Hague, 13 May 1917) was a Belgian futurist painter.
His Life and Art.
His well-to-do family came from Germany and lived in Antwerp. Schmalzigaug travelled a lot form his age of 16. In 1905-1906 he made a grand tour of Italy, where he was especially impressed and influenced by Venice.
Returning to Antwerp he became a secretary to the art society of Kunst van Heden/L'Art Contemporain, and worked on the organisation of international exhibitions. Between 1910 and 1912 he lived mainly in Paris. There he had the opportunity to see the exhibition of Italian futurists in 1912 and decided to move to Italy under the impressions of it.
His time in Italy between 1912 and 1914 was the happiest and most active part of his life and art. In 1914 he took part on the international exhibition of futurists in Rome. His style developed towards the abstract.
In 1914 he returned to Antwerp. He was declared unfit for military service on health grounds. After the start of World War I he moved to The Hague in neutral Netherlands.
He felt lonely in the isolated country, he longed after the sunny Venice and the whirring international life of artists.
In his art he returned to the figurative painting, but his works from this period did not reach the previous level. He fell into depression and committed suicide.
Michael Palmer British art historian has written about him, that Schmalzigaug has not received great acknowledgement in his life neither in Belgium, nor internationally, but in spite of this he belonged to the most original and most talented modern Belgian artists of his time.
His works can be seen in the Royal Museum of Fine Arts, Antwerp, the Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium in Brussels, and the Provincial Museum of Modern Art in Ostend.

</doc>
<doc id="20458962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458962" title="This Is the Time (song)">
This Is the Time (song)

"This Is the Time" is a song performed by Billy Joel released as the third single from his album "The Bridge".
The song reached #18 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 and topped the "Billboard" Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart, with no accompanying music video.
The song was featured in NBA Superstars presenting Hall of Fame players pre-1989. It was played again, this time honoring Boston Celtics legends, during Larry Bird's retirement ceremony at the Boston Garden in 1993.
In pop culture.
"This Is The Time" is the title of the 2014 Season 2 episode of "The Carrie Diaries" in which Carrie attends her senior prom. Billy Joel's song is referenced by character Donna LaDonna (Chloe Bridges) during her prom queen acceptance speech as the music begins to play in the background. It is mentioned twice more in conversations shortly thereafter. The Correatown cover version of the song also plays in the closing minutes of this penultimate episode.

</doc>
<doc id="20458967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458967" title="Anargyros Printezis">
Anargyros Printezis

Bishop Anargyros Printezis (Greek: Ανάργυρος Πρίντεζης) (9 September 1937 – 18 March 2012), was the titular bishop of Gratianopolis and Apostolic Exarch of the Byzantine Rite Catholics in Greece. Anargyros Printezis was born in , Syros island, Greece in August 1937, and was ordained a priest on December 10, 1961. He was appointed titular bishop of Gratianopolis and Apostolic Exarch of the Byzantine Rite Catholics in Greece on June 28, 1975 and ordained bishop August 6, 1975. Anargyros retired from Apostolic Exarchate of the Byzantine Rite Catholics in Greece on April 23, 2008.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20458973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20458973" title="Steve Francis">
Steve Francis

Steven D'Shawn "Steve" Francis (born February 21, 1977) is an American retired professional basketball player. He was selected with the second overall pick in the 1999 NBA Draft, and played for the Houston Rockets, Orlando Magic, and New York Knicks in the NBA and the Beijing Ducks of the Chinese Basketball Association. He was known early in his career for his crossover dribble, driving ability, and flashy dunks.
Early life and education.
Francis was born and raised in Takoma Park, Maryland. He was nicknamed "Wink" as a child. After his mother died of cancer in 1995, his grandmother became a parent figure to him. He stopped playing basketball for two years after his mother's death.
Francis attended the San Jacinto College of Texas in 1996–97, and the Allegany College of Maryland in 1997–98. Francis became the first player to take two unbeaten teams into the National Junior College Tournament.
University of Maryland.
Francis transferred to the University of Maryland in 1998 for his junior season. The addition of Francis helped propel the Terrapins to a #5 preseason ranking. Francis made an instant impact as Maryland's starting shooting guard, scoring 17 points in the season opener against Western Carolina. Francis and the Terps gained national attention with impressive showings in the Puerto Rico Shootout and a 62–60 win over #5 Stanford in the BB&T Classic. The Terps climbed to a #2 national ranking by early December.
The Terrapins finished second in the ACC and Francis was named to the All-ACC first team and the All ACC Tournament team. The Terrapins were a number 2 seed in the NCAA tournament but were defeated by St. John's in the Sweet 16. Under Francis' leadership, Maryland finished with a school record 28 wins and only 6 losses and were ranked #5 in the final Associated Press poll.
Francis finished the season averaging 17 points per game, 4.5 assists per game, and 2.8 steals per game. He was a consensus second-team All-American and was named a finalist for the Wooden and Naismith Player of the Year Awards. Although he stated he was "99% sure" he would return to Maryland for his senior season, he opted to enter the NBA draft.
While a member of the Terrapins, Francis met Idan Ravin, who at the time was coaching youth basketball. Francis soon began attending Ravin's workouts and recommended Ravin as trainer to fellow college players, including Elton Brand. Ravin subsequently became a well known trainer for a number of NBA players.
NBA career.
Houston Rockets (1999–2004).
Francis was selected second in the 1999 NBA Draft by the Vancouver Grizzlies. He publicly announced that he did not want to play for the Grizzlies, citing the distance from his Maryland home, taxes, endorsements, and God's will. Heavily criticized for his antics, especially in Vancouver, he relented and briefly considered joining the Grizzlies before contentious negotiations and an incident at the Vancouver airport convinced the franchise that they needed to go a separate way.
Francis got his wish, being traded before the 1999–2000 season began to the Houston Rockets in a three-team, 11-player deal that brought Michael Dickerson, Othella Harrington, Antoine Carr and Brent Price, plus first- and second-round picks to the Grizzlies. It was the largest trade in NBA history at that time.
Despite sharing Rookie of the Year honors with Elton Brand and finishing as runner-up to Vince Carter in the 2000 Slam Dunk Contest, the Francis-led Rockets finished with a 34–48 record.
The next season the Rockets improved to 45–37 but still missed the playoffs. In his third season, Francis was chosen by fans to start the 2002 NBA All-Star Game, but ended up playing only 55 games due to a foot injury and recurring Ménière's-induced migraines. As a result the Rockets posted a dismal 28–54 record, landing them into the lottery, where they selected 7'6" Chinese center Yao Ming with the first pick in the 2002 NBA Draft. Francis and Yao gelled their first season together, being selected as 2003 NBA All-Star Game starters. Francis scored a career-high 44 points in a nationally televised home win against the Los Angeles Lakers on January 17, 2003. The team, despite a 43–39 record, failed to make the playoffs.
Rockets head coach Rudy Tomjanovich stepped down in 2003, and the team selected ex-New York Knicks coach Jeff Van Gundy as his successor. Unfortunately for Francis, Van Gundy's coaching style did not fit the speedy point guard's style of play. Even though Francis made the All-Star game for a third straight year his stats declined in 2003–04, dropping from 21.0 PPG, 6.2 RPG, and 6.2 APG to 16.6 PPG, 5.5 RPG, and 6.2 APG. The team, however, made the playoffs for the first time since 1999, which would be Francis' only post-season experience. Despite his averaging 19.2 ppg, 8.4 rpg, and 7.6 apg, the Rockets lost to the heavily favored Los Angeles Lakers, in five games.
As Francis' relationship with Van Gundy deteriorated it was apparent that the Rockets wanted to go in a different direction. While the coach sought to focus the team's offense on Yao Ming, the Rockets ended up trading Francis, along with his best friend on the team Cuttino Mobley, as well as Kelvin Cato, for Tracy McGrady, Juwan Howard, and Reece Gaines.
During Francis' first tenure in Houston, he averaged 19.3 points, 6.4 assists, 6.1 rebounds, and 1.63 steals in 374 games (372 starts).
Orlando Magic (2004–2006).
At first, Francis was unhappy with the trade to Orlando, but adapted to his new environment. Francis flourished in the "run n' gun" offense of interim head coach Chris Jent. After posting a career-low 16.6 points per game the previous year with the Rockets, Francis averaged 21.3 PPG, 5.8 RPG and 7.0 APG in his first season with the Magic. The Magic started out the year fast in the 2004–05 season, with Francis hitting several game-winning shots early in the season. In the middle of the season, Mobley was traded to the Sacramento Kings, which upset Francis. The Magic slumped late and missed the playoffs.
The following season, a disgruntled Francis was suspended for conduct detrimental to the team. On February 5, 2006, there were rumors that he could be traded to the Denver Nuggets for Earl Watson but they were later dismissed and GM Otis Smith publicly announced that he would not trade Francis. However, rumors persisted that Francis would be traded to the New York Knicks, Los Angeles Lakers, Minnesota Timberwolves, and Denver Nuggets.
New York Knicks (2006–2007).
On February 22, 2006, one day before the NBA's trade deadline, Steve Francis was traded to the New York Knicks for small forward Trevor Ariza and the expiring contract of shooting guard Anfernee "Penny" Hardaway. Prior to the trade, the Denver Nuggets reportedly offered both Watson and Kenyon Martin for Francis, but the deal never took place. He made his Madison Square Garden debut on Friday, February 24 when the New York Knicks faced the New Jersey Nets, and scored 16 points in a 94–90 loss for the Knicks. He wore jersey #1 with the Knicks as his usual #3 was already assigned to Stephon Marbury. Francis has endured a recurring injury, tendinitis in his right knee, and as a result began the 2006–07 season averaging only 11.3 ppg, as opposed to his career 18.4 ppg. He returned on February 10, 2007 vs the Utah Jazz. On March 10, Francis hit a game-winning 3-pointer at the buzzer against the Washington Wizards, ending one of his best games as a Knick in front of his hometown. On 2007 draft night, June 28, the Knicks traded Francis and Channing Frye to the Portland Trail Blazers for Zach Randolph, Dan Dickau, and Fred Jones, which then bought out the remaining two years of Francis's contract for a reported $30 million, making him an unrestricted free agent.
Return to Houston (2007–2008).
The Miami Heat, Dallas Mavericks, Houston Rockets, and the L.A. Clippers pursued Francis. On July 20, Francis chose the Rockets; signing a two-year $6 million contract with them, although the Heat offered the most money. However, he failed to make Rick Adelman's rotation coming out of the preseason. He averaged 5.5 points and 3 assists in ten games before undergoing season-ending surgery stemming from an earlier left quadriceps tendon injury.
Francis used his contract option to come back to the Houston Rockets for the 2008–09 NBA season. He lost 15 pounds for training camp, but he was not able to play in the beginning of the season due to the recovery period of his injury.
On December 24, 2008, The Houston Rockets traded Francis back to the team that had originally drafted him, the Grizzlies, except now, the team was located in Memphis. This trade was for a 2011 conditional draft pick. The move allowed the Rockets to drop under the luxury tax threshold. However, on January 27, 2009, it was reported that Francis was waived by the Grizzlies, without ever appearing in a game for them. No other NBA teams expressed an interest in Francis.
Chinese Basketball Association.
In November 2010, Francis signed with the Beijing Ducks of China. He averaged 0.5 points and 0.7 rebounds over four games, playing 14 minutes, before leaving the team in late December of that same year to return to the United States.
Miscellaneous.
On September 27, 2001, a tornado struck the University of Maryland campus and killed two students and displaced 700 more from their dormitory. Francis, who was on the campus at the time, arranged to sponsor a dinner for the displaced students before he flew back to Houston for his third season with the Rockets. He said, "I remember all of the people here supporting me while I was a Maryland student, and this is just a small way that I can give back to those who have helped me."
On February 17, 2002, Francis' #23 jersey was honored (but not retired) by Maryland in a ceremony preceding the game against the #1 ranked Duke Blue Devils. Francis sat on the team's bench during the game and cheered as the Terrapins upset the Blue Devils 87–73.
On election day 2008, Francis supported presidential candidate Barack Obama by wearing a red velvet sports jacket with "Barack Obama" spelled on the back in sequins. Francis said he had followed the presidential race closely.
"It's important that there is an African-American candidate running," Francis said. "I never thought I'd see the day that would happen. Right now, we're at a pivotal point. It's a great feeling for me."
Francis has suffered from Ménière's disease, which causes migraine headaches.
Francis has ventured into several entrepreneurial projects, including a construction company, boxing promotions, a barbershop and clothing line (We R One), as well as a hip-hop record label named Mazerati Music.

</doc>
<doc id="20459000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459000" title="Ars inveniendi">
Ars inveniendi

Ars inveniendi (Latin for "art of invention") is a chief notion of mathesis universalis and implies ascertaining truth through the use of mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="20459052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459052" title="Georg Ruge">
Georg Ruge

Georg Ruge (June 19, 1852 - January 21, 1919) was a German anatomist and primatologist who was a native of Berlin.
In 1875 he earned his doctorate at the University of Berlin, and later became an assistant to Karl Gegenbaur (1826-1903) in Heidelberg. At Heidelberg he performed important research involving primate morphology, particularly studies of its muscular system. In the mid-1880s he authored works that provided a foundation for comparative anatomical and phylogenetic studies on facial muscles in mammals.
In 1888 Ruge became a professor of anatomy at the University of Amsterdam, and in 1897 obtained the same position at the University of Zurich. Among his better known publications are the following works:

</doc>
<doc id="20459069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459069" title="Bambusa oldhamii">
Bambusa oldhamii

Bambusa oldhamii, known as giant timber bamboo or Oldham's bamboo, is a large species of bamboo originating from Taiwan. It is the most common and widely grown in the United States and has been introduced into cultivation around the world. It is densely foliated, growing up to 20 m (65 feet) tall in good conditions and can have a diameter of up to 10 cm (4 inches). 
Description.
"Bambusa oldhamii" grows to 17-20 metres (65 feet) in height, with green culms reaching a maximum of 10 cm (4 in) in diameter. Shoots grow rapidly in warmer months. The branches are short and leaves long.
Taxonomy.
It was first described by Munro in 1868, the type specimen collected in Taiwan by Oldham (after whom the species was named). It is grouped in the subgenus "Dendrocalamopsis". "Dendrocalamus latiflorus" is a misapplied name, under which it has been sold in the United States. It has also been confused with the related species "B. atrovirens" of Zhejiang in mainland China. Common names include Oldham Bamboo, Giant Timber bamboo, and "Ryoku-chiku" in Japan.
Distribution and habitat.
"Bambusa oldhamii" is native to the island of Taiwan.
Cultivation.
It has been introduced into cultivation around the world; it is grown under glass in Germany, and in Puerto Rico, Florida and California in the US, where it is the most common clumping bamboo grown, as well as Australia. The young shoots are consumed in Taiwan. The culms are used for furniture making but are not suited to construction.
The maximum height in cultivation varies with the temperature, ranging from 20 m (65 feet) in tropical areas, to 17 m (55 feet) in the United States, and shorter the further from the equator it is grown. It tolerates temperatures down to -7 °C (20 °F).

</doc>
<doc id="20459085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459085" title="Cesar Catli">
Cesar Catli

Cesar R. Catli Jr. is a Filipino professional basketball player of the Philippine Basketball Association who played for the Coca-Cola Tigers. He was picked by the Sta. Lucia Realtors tenth overall in the 2005 PBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20459098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459098" title="Shanghai Children's Medical Center Station">
Shanghai Children's Medical Center Station

Shanghai Children's Medical Center () is a station on Line 6 of the Shanghai Metro. It began operation on December 29, 2007.
This station is the southern terminus for trains that run short trips along the line during peak hours.

</doc>
<doc id="20459119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459119" title="Lawrence Bonus">
Lawrence Bonus

Lawrence Bonus is a Filipino basketball player, currently playing for EKB-Apayao Rapids in the Liga Pilipinas. He was previously with the Coca-Cola Tigers of the Philippine Basketball Association, who selected him after he was originally unchosen in the 2008 PBA Draft.
Bonus began his career at the Henkel Sista Super Sealers, where in 2007 he won the "Quantum Leap" award for most improved player. He has also played for the Burger King Whoppers.
He was in 2007, while still a college player, picked for the Philippine national team to compete in the 2007 Southeast Asian Games in Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="20459148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459148" title="Aries Dimaunahan">
Aries Dimaunahan

Aristeo Dimaunahan better known as Aris Dimaunahan (born March 21, 1978 in Lipa, Batangas) is a Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the Alaska Aces in the Philippine Basketball Association and is currently playing for the San Miguel Beermen in the Asean Basketball League.
Biography.
He attended Grace Kindergarten, Canossa Academy and graduated from De La Salle-Lipa in 1994. He also attended the University of Santo Tomas after high school. He played in the Philippine Basketball League in his early years before being drafted by the Barangay Ginebra Kings in 2002. He was also recognized by then-Mayor Vilma Santos as the second PBA player from his hometown in Lipa City after Melchor Teves, who also graduated from De La Salle Lipa.
Dimaunahan was also part in one of the most controversial trades in the PBA involving Rudy Hatfield, Billy Mamaril, Rafi Reavis, and Ervin Sotto.
After playing 2 seasons with the Barako Bull Energy Boosters, he was signed by the Alaska Aces as a free agent during the 2011 Governors Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20459163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459163" title="R.J. Rizada">
R.J. Rizada

Ryan Joseph R. Rizada, better known as R.J. Rizada, (born October 5, 1982 in Davao) is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Petron Blaze Boosters in the Philippine Basketball Association. He was the twelfth overall pick in the 2006 PBA Draft. He played for the Ateneo de Davao Blue Knights for a year and was recruited by the Far Eastern University Tamaraws after he was scouted in the University games.

</doc>
<doc id="20459189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459189" title="Ricky Calimag">
Ricky Calimag

Recaredo Calimag (born June 10, 1978), better known as Ricky Calimag, is a Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the Powerade Tigers in the Philippine Basketball Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20459195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459195" title="Shanghai Children's Medical Center">
Shanghai Children's Medical Center

Shanghai Children's Medical Center (abbreviation: SCMC, Chinese: 上海儿童医学中心) is a renowned children's hospital in Shanghai, China, with the rank of "Grade 3, Class A(Chinese: 三级甲等)". It is a university hospital affiliated to School of Medicine, Shanghai Jiao Tong University. The hospital is located next to the east part of Renji Hospital .
The SCMC program was first designed in 1989 with the cooperation of Shanghai Municipal People's Government and Project HOPE. Xinhua Hospital was in charge of the preparing stage of SCMC. The hospital was founded in 1998. Mrs. Hillary Clinton, former First Lady of the United States, and Ms. Zuo Huanchen, former Vice Mayor of Shanghai, attended the opening ceremony. 

</doc>
<doc id="20459224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459224" title="Jason Misolas">
Jason Misolas

Jason Misolas is a Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the Barako Bull Energy Boosters in the Philippine Basketball Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20459227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459227" title="Midnight regulations">
Midnight regulations

Midnight regulations is a term for United States federal government regulations created by executive branch agencies in the lame duck period of an outgoing President's administration. 
Process of creating new regulations.
The United States Congress passes laws that sometimes outline only broad policy mandates. Rulemaking by the specialist agencies in the executive branch adds necessary detail to these laws. Rulemaking also provides an administration with an opportunity to exert political influence over government without having to go through Congress to change the law.
U.S. federal law mandates a 60-day waiting period before any major regulatory changes become law. Thus, some Presidents try to publish new major regulations on November 21, 60 days before the new President's inauguration on January 20. "Minor" regulations, or those that have less than US$100 million in effect on the economy or do not have major social policy significance, have a similar 30-day waiting period. Tom Firey, of the Cato Institute's "Regulation" magazine, argues that most midnight regulations are in fact primarily political symbolism rather than major regulatory change. Regulations that have not yet become law can be placed on hold by the incoming President. 
Regulations that take effect before a new President takes office can still be reversed by the same executive agencies, but this requires a considerable rule-making process. In addition, reversing recently enacted regulations may distract an incoming administration from its own regulatory agenda. Alternatively, because regulations are executive branch agencies' interpretations of statutes passed by Congress, Congress can effectively overturn the regulations by passing more explicit statutory mandates. But in each case the period in which the disfavored regulations are law may permit undesired results to take place. For example, a heavily-polluting power plant could be built in the period that a federal regulation is law. A third option is for Congress to overturn the regulation under the Congressional Review Act of 1996, requiring congressional approval for any similar rule issued in the future. Of the 50,000 regulations enacted since the Act was passed, only one has been so overturned.
History.
The term "midnight regulation" entered the lexicon in 1980–81, during the final months of Jimmy Carter's single term as President. Carter's administration set a new record for midnight regulations by publishing more than 10,000 pages of new rules between Election Day and Ronald Reagan's Inauguration Day. The term is an allusion to the "midnight judges" appointed by John Adams in the final months of his presidency.
Due to the phenomenon of midnight regulations, since 1948, during the period between a presidential election and the inauguration of a president of a different party, the Federal Register has averaged 17 percent more pages than during the same period in non-election years.
Clinton.
The Clinton Administration enacted a flurry of rules limiting logging and lead paint, raising appliance energy efficiency, and tightening privacy of medical records. One of Clinton's midnight regulations imposed a more stringent drinking water standard for arsenic after years of EPA study. Although Bush suspended the new regulation upon taking office, EPA head Christine Todd Whitman eventually approved it. When President George W. Bush took office in 2001, his administration acted to block the implementation of 90 final rules that were issued in the final months of the Clinton administration but that had not yet gone into effect. 
George W. Bush.
The Bush administration also approved thousands of pages of dozens of new agency rules, setting a new record. Many of these regulations were promulgated in the hope of ensuring enactment before Barack Obama took office and could prevent the rules from becoming law. Bush Chief of Staff Joshua Bolten encouraged timely passage of the rules in a May 2008 memo to agencies suggesting that final versions be submitted by November 1. Finalized and proposed rules included:
Several other rules were already adopted in late 2008, including one increasing truck drivers' maximum hours of service to eleven and another restricting employee time off under the Family and Medical Leave Act. The rules attracted considerable criticism.
Hours after Obama took office, his administration ordered all executive branch agencies to halt enactment of any rules proposed during the Bush Administration until the incoming administration could review them. According to the environmentalist magazine "Grist", these efforts were effective in only a few cases; for other environmental rules the Obama administration tried to reverse some rules through Congress and some through the same slow administrative rulemaking process while interest groups challenged other environmental regulations in the courts.
A subcommittee on administrative law in the Democratic House of Representatives held a hearing on midnight regulations the month after Obama's inauguration.

</doc>
<doc id="20459229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459229" title="Mark Neveldine">
Mark Neveldine

Mark Neveldine (born May 11, 1973) is an American film director, film producer, screenwriter and camera operator. He is best known for frequently collaborating with Brian Taylor as Neveldine/Taylor.
Life and career.
Neveldine was born in Watertown, New York to Tom Neveldine and Carolyn Dowd Fitzpatrick. He attended Hobart and William Smith Colleges in Geneva, New York, where he studied drama and psychology. After graduating, he moved to Manhattan, where he began his career as an actor, writer, and director of nearly thirty productions. He moved to Los Angeles, where he met Brian Taylor. He subsequently transitioned into film work, becoming a cinematographer on music videos, documentaries and a television pilot.
Neveldine directed "", the sequel to the Marvel Comics' superhero film "Ghost Rider", alongside partner Brian Taylor.
Film critic Armond White praises the Neveldine-Taylor collaborations as "avant-garde".
Neveldine married actress Alison Lohman in Watertown, New York on August 19, 2009, at St. Anthony's Catholic Church. They have two children together.

</doc>
<doc id="20459235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459235" title="Ynares Sports Arena">
Ynares Sports Arena

The Ynares Sports Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Pasig, Philippines. The stadium has hosted the basketball games of the Philippine Basketball Association and Philippine Basketball League, as well as collegiate basketball tournaments. It also serves as the primary home venue of the ASEAN Basketball League team Philippine Patriots since 2009 and the San Miguel Beermen starting in 2012.
The Ynares Sports Arena opened in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20459258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459258" title="Ashok Vijh">
Ashok Vijh

Ashok Vijh (born 1938) is an Indian born chemist currently working in Canada. He was born in Punjab but moved to Quebec after completing his education.
He is an officer of the Order of Canada and in 2006 was elected the President of the scientific section of the Royal Society of Canada

</doc>
<doc id="20459266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459266" title="M.C. Caceres">
M.C. Caceres

M.C. Caceres is a Filipino professional basketball player who played for the Coca-Cola Tigers in the Philippine Basketball Association. He was the fourteenth pick overall by the Coca-Cola Tigers in the 2006 PBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20459275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459275" title="James Lee Clark">
James Lee Clark

James Lee Clark (May 13, 1968 – April 11, 2007) was an American murderer whose controversial execution by the state of Texas sparked international outcry as it was believed by many that his execution violated the U.S. Supreme Court ruling in "Atkins v. Virginia" (2002)
which held that executions of mentally retarded criminals is cruel and unusual punishment which is prohibited by the Eighth Amendment.
Clark and his accomplice, James Richard Brown, were charged with capital murder
for the June 7, 1993 robbery, rape and murder of 17-year-old Shari Catherine "Cari" Crews in Denton County, Texas. Also killed was 16 year old Jesus Garza for whom both Clark and Brown were charged with murder, however, Clark was never tried for this case. Brown was also charged with capital murder but a jury found him guilty of only the robbery charge and was sentenced to 20 years.
Early life.
Clark was born in Caddo Parish, Louisiana. Court documents revealed that his father disappeared the day he found out Clark's mother was pregnant. Testimony from a psychologist at his appeals hearing stated that Clark told him he had his first drink when he was seven years old and was commonly drunk by the age of 13, at which point he also began to smoke cannabis regularly. After failing two grades and being placed in special education classes he dropped out of school in the ninth grade.
At the age of 15 he was remanded into the Gainesville State School, a reformatory for boys and girls in Gainesville, Texas, for auto theft. At that time his mother told the Texas Youth Commission that he “has no friends in school ... because he steals from them all.” and Clark was subsequently diagnosed as having a “conduct disorder, associated with psychological deprivation, coupled with features of immature personality.” At the Gainesville State School, Clark was able to complete his GED and was released at the age of 18 to find his mother had abandoned him, wanting nothing more to do with him.
Criminal history.
In 1989 Clark was convicted of a felony – the burglary of a building – and incarcerated in state prison. In 1991 Clark pled guilty to theft by a check and was confined to the county jail for 20 days, fined, and ordered to pay restitution. In 1992 Clark was convicted of burglary and received a 10-year sentence in prison, which is where he met Brown. On May 26, 1993, after serving only ten months of his sentence, Clark was granted parole due to the problem of overcrowding in the Texas prison system. Two weeks later Clark and Brown were arrested for the Crews and Garza murders.
Murder of Catherine Crews and Jesus Garza.
On June 4, 1993, Clark and Brown participated in breaking into vehicles and stole a shotgun and a rifle and went in search of someone to rob. In the early morning hours of June 7, 1993 they came upon Crews and Garza at Clear Creek near Denton, Texas and the following day their bodies were pulled from the water. Crews' body was discovered nude with a pair of shorts around her neck and her wrists bound with her own bra, she had been raped and had died from a shotgun wound to the back of her head. Garza had been also killed by a close range shotgun blast originating below his chin. Also recovered from the creek was a .22 rifle with the stock sawed off and the murder weapon, a 12-gauge shotgun.
That same morning paramedics and police officers responded to a call of a gunshot victim at a local service station. Upon arrival they found Brown with a serious shotgun wound to the leg, attended by Clark, who claimed they had been attacked by a robber who shot Brown while they were fishing at Three Rivers Bridge. However, no evidence was found at that scene to support the claim of the crime or that anyone had been present on the location or fishing at that time. Both suspects were covered with white sand consistent with the banks of Clear Creek and confronted with this evidence Brown lead police to the body of Garza, which had not yet been located. Subsequent investigation discovered that Brown had actually shot himself at point-blank range in the act of assaulting the teens.
Due to Clark and Brown's conflicting statements, a search warrant was obtained to search the trailer Clark and Brown shared, in violation of their paroles, located in Aubrey, Texas. There police discovered the stock to the sawed off rifle which was a match to the rifle in the found in the creek, as well as ammunition and evidence that, days prior to the murder, Clark and Brown had purchased ammunition for the murder weapon.
DNA evidence provided by Clark matched evidence taken from Crews' body proving that Clark had sexually assaulted her. Additionally, blood determined to be that of Brown, Crews and Garza's was found splattered on Clark's shoes.
Both men were arrested at the Aubrey trailer after moderate resistance and ultimately admitted they had been at Clear Creek, first claiming they witnessed Garza shoot Crews, before they eventually admitted they had indeed robbed the teens, but, each blamed the other for the actual murders. Clark claimed that it was Brown who instigated the crime and shot himself using the rifle as a bludgeon on Garza, after which he killed both teens. Brown countered that it was Clark who committed the murders. On September 12, 2000 the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals would find in favor of Brown's version of the story on the grounds that with Brown's injury occurring prior to the murders Clark must have unloaded the spent cartridge and reloaded the shotgun.
Conviction and Appeals.
On April 29, 1994, a jury in Denton County convicted James Lee Clark of robbery and the murder and rape of Crews and on May 3, 1994 Judge Sam Houston sentenced Clark to death, transferring Clark to the Allan B. Polunsky Unit. Clark filed an appeal asserting he had been denied effective assistance of counsel because his original trial attorneys, Richard Podgorski and Henry Paine, made no opening arguments, called no witnesses for guilt or innocence in either the trial or penalty phase, nor did they perform adequate discovery, having made no attempt to contact or interview any members of Clark's family or other relevant persons from his past. In fact, there is no evidence they even pursued these avenues despite the Supreme Court ruling, "Wiggins v. Smith" (2003), that established standards for effective legal counsel, stating that counsel must perform a reasonable exploration of investigation in constituting defense strategy or risk creating an unconstitutional deprivation of rights to affective counsel.
Brown's trial for the murder of Garza was delayed due to the injury of his leg and at his trial he was depicted as appearing “young and defenseless as he sat at the defense table in a wheelchair”. Brown admitted to the robbery, however denied involvement in the murders, describing how he was shot in the act of trying to prevent the crime and expressed remorse for his acts. Ultimately, he was convicted of the only the robberies and sentenced to 20 years and has since been denied for parole twice.
On October 6, 1996 the court upheld James Lee Clark's conviction and sentence on direct appeal and on October 15, 1996 his trial attorneys informed Clark they would no longer represent him and were replaced by James Rasmussen. On April 19, 1997 Clark filed a writ of habeas corpus with the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals challenging the validity of his conviction and sentence asserting eleven grounds for relief, including his claim of ineffectual counsel. The courts denied his application on July 8, 1998 without ever holding an evidentiary hearing, choosing instead to simply review the court records.
On July 27, 1998 Clark appealed this decision to the United States district court which was denied on December 13, 1999, again without allowing discovery or an evidentiary hearing. January 12, 2000 he requested the district court review this decision, which was denied on January 28, 2000, including his petition to reexamine his claim of mental retardation being a mitigating circumstance to the crimes.
After the landmark Supreme Court decision in "Atkins v. Virginia" (2002), which outlawed the execution of persons deemed mentally retarded, Clark moved his sentence should be commuted to life imprisonment without possibility of parole.
Unfortunately, the Supreme Court did not specifically outline exact definitions for "mental retardation" and suggested states follow the definition used by the American Association on Mental Retardation (which generally stated that an IQ less than 70 with two or more supporting limitations be used as the guideline) leaving ultimate decision to the individual states to decide. The State of Texas adopted two definitions, both of which contain the same three basic elements, that mental retardation was a disability characterized by "significantly subaverage" intellectual functioning, accompanied with "related limitations in adaptive functioning" and a documented onset of these characterizations prior to the age of 18. Further, they determined that in testing for retardation "scores gathered through intelligence testing are necessarily imprecise and must be interpreted flexibly." The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals ruled that Clark did not meet any of the three criteria for retardation and affirmed the lower court ruling to uphold his conviction and sentence. An execution date was set for November 21, 2002, however, on November 18, 2002 the execution was stayed pending further examination of Clark's assertion of being mentally retarded pursuant to the Atkins ruling.
In April 2003 Clark was assessed by clinical psychologist Dr. George C. Denkowski, who had previously assessed four other post-"Atkins" cases and concluded only one of the four had clear mental retardation under the statutes. Denkowski performed a six-hour examination of Clark, administering the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-III (WAIS-III) and the Adaptive Behavior Assessment System (ABAS). Denkowski determined that Clark had an IQ of 65 and had adaptive skills deficits in the areas of health, safety, social and work, thus clearly falling under the restrictions set by the "Atkins" ruling.
Despite the fact that the Harris County Prosecutor cited Denkowski's expertise in upholding his findings in the other four cases, Denton County District Attorney Bruce Isaacks rejected the findings, fired Denkowski and hired Dr. Thomas Allen to assess the possibility that Clark was faking mental retardation.
After interviewing Clark for two hours and 16 minutes, during which Allen did not perform any standardized tests to determine Clark's IQ, Allen determined that Clark was indeed faking his retardation by intentionally presenting himself as less intelligent to avoid execution. He cited the fact that Clark's prison cell contained copies of newspaper articles, crossword puzzles and a copy of the Charles Dickens book "A Tale of Two Cities". It was ultimately revealed that none of the puzzles had been completed, the articles were about the Atkins case and were simply sent to him from people outside the prison as gifts, finally, Clark had stated he never read the book.
The defense then hired their own doctor to do an assessment of Clark, choosing Dr. Denis Keyes, whose expert studies were cited in the actual "Atkins" ruling. Keyes examined Clark over two sessions lasting a total of seven and a half hours, administering the Kaufman Adolescent and Adult Intelligence Test, the Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scale and found that Clark had an IQ of 68. Keyes stated he felt Clark's ability to behave appropriately for his age was "virtually nonexistent" and Keyes concluded that Clark not be executed citing both the Texas Mentally Retarded Persons Act and the "Atkins" ruling. Keyes stated, "Individuals with mental retardation typically have severe deficits in judgment potential, and are simply unable to understand the consequences of their behaviors. People with mental retardation have several characteristics; among these are defective intellectual capacity, shorter attention spans, poor memory, poor planning ability, lack of ability to appreciate the consequences of their actions, severe learning problems, marked deficits in adaptive skill areas, and limited ability to learn from previous experience. James's background confirms problems with virtually every one of the above characteristics." Additionally, Keyes noted his support of Dendowski's findings calling them "credible and correct" and his opinion that Allen's assessment did not meet the legally required guidelines for diagnosis and ruling out a diagnosis, based on his failure to perform accepted standardized testing. Both Denkowski and Keyes rejected Allen's diagnosis and both agreed that Clark was not faking his mental retardation.
On November 17, 2003 a hearing, presided over by Judge Lee Gabriel, was held to examine this evidence. Gabriel, over defense objections, ruled that Clark would appear in court handcuffed, shackled, and wearing an electroshock stun belt, On November 20, after a three-day hearing, Gabriel rejected the findings of both Keyes and Denkowski and accepted those of Allen, ruling that Clark did not meet the legal standards for mental retardation. She cited a 1983 IQ test administered at the Gainesville State School indicating Clark's IQ at 74, stating that as it was given to Clark as a youth it was a more reliable standard as he had "no reason to fake results at that point." Dr. Jim Flynn, an expert on changes in IQ scores over time (the Flynn effect) wrote that "the best estimate" of Clark's 1983 in 2003 would be 68.57 (similar to what Keyes determined), and "it is almost certain that IQ is not 70 or above."
In further support of her ruling, Gabriel allowed and gave weight to testimony from untrained lay people whose statements were of anecdotal nature and unreliable. One such witness was Clark's former landlord, who readily admitted she had memory problems, who testified that she believed that Clark's ability to pay his own bills, barter chores for rent reduction and capacity to play card games similar to Uno, meant he could not be retarded. This was in direct conflict with the Texas Persons With Mental Retardation Act which dictates, “ 'Person with mental retardation' means a person determined by a physician or psychologist licensed in this state or certified by the department to have subaverage general intellectual functioning with deficits in adaptive behavior.' That is, only a licensed physician or psychologist may determine who's mentally retarded. Anecdotal information, or the opinions of untrained laypeople is not meaningful.” None-the-less, Judge Gabriel declared Clark fit for execution.
On January 20, 2005, the district court rendered final judgment denying the successive habeas corpus petition, which was overturned on March 16, 2005 when the district court granted Clark’s application for a certificate of appealability. However, on July 20, 2006, the 5th Circuit Court affirmed the judgment January 2005 ruling and denied habeas relief. On August 29, 2006, the court denied Clark’s petition for rehearing. Finally, on February 26, 2007, the Supreme Court denied Clark’s petition for writ of certiorari. The trial court reset his execution date for April 11, 2007 and on February 28, 2007 Judge Gabriel signed the execution order.
Execution.
The case drew international attention and campaigns to stop the execution were waged by Amnesty International, Amnesty USA, Petitions Online, Urgent Action Network, Texas Moratorium Network and other Anti-Death Penalty groups.
On April 11, 2007, the day of the execution, the Steinway piano that John Lennon used to compose the 1971 song "Imagine" was placed outside the front door of the prison as a protest to the execution, a sign of peace and statement that there is too much violence in the world.
That same day, Texas Governor Rick Perry refused to commute the death sentence, two hours prior to the execution the Supreme Court denied a last minute appeal and at 6:17 PM, James Lee Clark was executed in the Walls Unit of Huntsville Prison by means of lethal injection. He requested no final meal. When asked if he had any final words he gave a nervous chuckle and stated, “Uh, I don’t know. Um, I don’t know what to say. I don’t know …” He then seemed to notice the witnesses in the gallery and added, “I didn’t know anybody was there,” he laughed again and said, “Howdy.” Upon which the lethal cocktail of medications were administered, Clark made a gurgling sound and became still.

</doc>
<doc id="20459277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459277" title="Savjibhai Korat">
Savjibhai Korat

Savjibhai Korat (6 August 1953 – 26 November 1998) was an Indian politician, a cabinet minister of Gujarat state. He was born into a farmer’s family in an Indian village near Jetpur. 
He was an inborn leader; since childhood he had the characteristics of leadership. In college days he started his journey towards politics, and he became the GS of P. D. Malaviya College, Rajkot. In the short span since he became a M.L.A. from Jetpur – 21 Constituency for the first time and continued repeating the same in the elections of 1995, he became the state minister for Road and Building and panchayat. He worked under the honorable CM Keshubhai Patel and Sureshbhai Mehta in that short span of 1995-1997. Again he was elected as a Member of the Legislative assembly from the same constituency for the third time. This time he got placed in the Cabinet Ministry and was given the portfolio of Road and Building. In a very short time with his dashing personality he worked for the government and did a lot of work in the early days of the government. His way of working was recognized all over the state. He was very energetic and known for his work against corrupted people. He was prominent for frequent raids in government offices, circuit houses, and construction site under direct or indirect control of the government.
Death.
On the evening of 25 November after a meeting with state cabinet, he was admitted to hospital that evening after he collapsed while visiting his ailing mother, who was suffering from paralysis, at the New Civil Hospital, Ahemdabad. He was operated upon the same night to remove a blood clot from the brain. Though surgery helped stabilize his condition, it began to deteriorate. He was put on a respirator. On November 26 after fighting a losing battle against brain hemorrhage for two days, Roads & Building Minister Savjibhai Korat died at the New Civil Hospital at 4:25 p.m. on Thursday, 26 November 1998.
Later, Korat's body was taken to Gandhinagar where a guard of honour was given at a function in the Sachivalaya premises. Besides the chief minister, Governor Anshuman Singh, cabinet ministers and senior bureaucrats placed wreaths at Korat's bier. Around 7 p.m., the body was brought to the BJP headquarters at Khanpur here, where party workers paid homage.
Around 8:30 p.m., the body was flown to Rakjot by helicopter, from where it was taken by road to his native village Juni Sankdi in Jetpur district. On Friday morning, 27 November, the body was taken to Jetpur district panchayat office for public viewing. Korat's body was donated to Rajkot Medical College. Korat's family also donated his eyes soon after the death.
The tricolor on the Sachivalaya building was brought to half-mast around 5 p.m. after Korat's death. 
A Cabinet meeting was convened at Gandhinagar in the evening that day where a resolution condoling Korat's death was adopted. Also, it was decided that government offices in Gandhinagar district, Ahmedabad city and Rajkot district would remain closed on that particular weekend. The state government also announced three-day state mourning, beginning Friday.
Memorial Places.
Various other small streets, roads and bridges have been named after Savjibhai Korat

</doc>
<doc id="20459279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459279" title="Leighton Hall">
Leighton Hall

Leighton Hall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20459283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459283" title="That's Not Her Style">
That's Not Her Style

"That's Not Her Style" is a song by Billy Joel released as the fifth single from his album "Storm Front", as well as the opening track on the album. It was written for Joel's then-wife Christie Brinkley.
The song was the lowest-charting single from the album. The song's music video features a live performance of the song at Yankee Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="20459297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459297" title="Roger Yap">
Roger Yap

Rogelio Yap better known as Roger Yap (born August 3, 1977 in Cebu, Philippines) is a Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association who plays for the Barako Bull Energy Cola.
He was drafted by Purefoods in 2001 as the ninth pick overall. He is also a former PBL MVP. He is not related with former teammate James Yap. He is known as a power point guard who can grab rebounds and has a great touch from the perimeter.
He is best known for his playing years as the starting point guard with Purefoods, now known as San Mig Coffee.
Statistics.
"Correct as of December 8, 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="20459311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459311" title="Magnesium malate">
Magnesium malate

Magnesium malate, the magnesium salt of malic acid, is a mineral supplement.

</doc>
<doc id="20459320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459320" title="Forever Will Be Gone">
Forever Will Be Gone

Forever Will Be Gone is the third album released by the gothic metal band Mortal Love. It concludes the trilogy of releases started by the albums All the Beauty... and I Have Lost...

</doc>
<doc id="20459323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459323" title="Jondan Salvador">
Jondan Salvador

Jon-Dan Y. Salvador (born October 12, 1980) is a Filipino professional basketball who plays for the GlobalPort Batang Pier in the Philippine Basketball Association. He plays the Power Forward and Center positions. He was a former Mythical Five awardee with the St. Benilde Blazers during his NCAA years. He was traded along with Niño Canaleta to the Air21 Express for Joe Devance.

</doc>
<doc id="20459351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459351" title="Jonathan Fernandez">
Jonathan Fernandez

Jonathan Fernandez is an American writer and producer. He wrote the film "Rob The Mob" starring Michael Pitt, Nina Arianda, Andy Garcia, Ray Romano, and directed by Raymond DeFellitta based on the true-life story of Thomas Uva and Rose Marie De Toma
His first film, Crisis In The Kremlin, was written for producer Roger Corman. He has written for . He was the executive producer of the Kurt Russell film "Breakdown" which opened at number one at the box office. Fernandez worked as a production executive for Dino De Laurentiis and Roger Corman.
His book WINNING ESSAYS was published by Berkley/G.P. Putnam’s Sons.
Fernandez is a member of the Writer's Guild of America and was on the WGA Negotiating Committee in 2011 and 2014. He has a featured interview in the documentary Pencils Down: The 100 days of the Writers Guild Strike.

</doc>
<doc id="20459358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459358" title="Under 17 Bayernliga">
Under 17 Bayernliga

The Under 17 Bayernliga (German: "B-Jugend Bayernliga") is the second tier of under 17 youth football in Bavaria, set below the "Under 17 Bundesliga South/Southwest".
Until 2000, the league was the highest tier of under 17 football, containing the youth teams of such clubs as FC Bayern Munich, TSV 1860 München and 1. FC Nuremberg.
History.
Pre-Bayernliga era.
A Bavarian champions for under 17 sides was intercepted in 1975, alongside the Bavarian Under 15 championship. It was played as an on-off final.
Bayernliga era.
The "Bayernliga" was established in 1988, operating as two regional divisions, a northern and a southern one, the "B-Jugend Bayernliga Nord" and the "B-Jugend Bayernliga Süd". The winner of each division would then advance to the Bavarian championship final, an on-off game. The winner of this game, the Bavarian champions, then advanced to the German under 17 championship.
In 2000, the "Under 17 Regionalliga South" was established, relegating the two "Bayernligas" to second division status. From now on, the best Bavarian clubs would play in the "Regionalliga" and the "Bayernliga" champions played for promotion to this league.
Since 2001, the final between the two league winners was now played in a home-and-away format. Should each team win a game the goals scored were not taken into consideration, instead, a penalty shoot-out was used to determine the winner.
In 2007, the "Under 17 Regionalliga South" and the "Under 19 Regionalliga Southwest" merged to form the "Under 19 Bundesliga South/Southwest". This changed nothing in the status of the "Bayernligas" as second divisions.
From the 2008-09 season, the "Bayernliga" now operates as a single division, allowing direct promotion for its champion. Below this league, two "Landesligas", north and south, were slotted in above the seven "Bezirksoberligas" who previously formed the tier below. A final to determine the Bavarian champions will not be necessary any more, unless two ore more teams finish on equal points at the top of the table. In 2010-11, the SpVgg Unterhaching defeated 1. FC Nuremberg II 2-0 in such a decider.
In 2008, the Bavarian football association had 1,853 registered under 17 teams, a 0.7% increase from the previous year. All up, 20,699 junior teams were registered with the "BFV" in 2008
Champions.
Bayernliga era.
From 2008 onwards, no final was played anymore:
Winners & Finalists.
As of 2013, this is the standing in the all-time winners list:
German championship.
The German under 17 championship was intercepted in 1977 and, as of 2012, Bavarian clubs have reached the final ten times, winning it five times.
League placings since 2003–04.
State-wide league.
The placings in the league since 2008–09, when it moved to a single-division format:
Northern and southern divisions.
The placings in the northern and southern division until 2007–08, when they were abolished:

</doc>
<doc id="20459362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459362" title="Giant barrel sponge">
Giant barrel sponge

Xestospongia muta, commonly known as the giant barrel sponge, is one of the largest species of sponge found in the Caribbean. It grows at depths from down to , and can reach a diameter of 1.8 metres (6 feet). It is brown-grey to reddish in colour, with a hard or stony texture. There is little scientific information about the species, although it has been monitored since 1997. "Xestospongia muta" has been called the "redwood of the reef" because of its lifespan of up to 2000 years as well as its size and colour. 
Description.
"Xestospongia muta" is somewhat variable in form. Typically it is barrel-shaped, with a cone-shaped cavity at the apex known as the osculum. In some locations, perhaps because of prevailing currents, it may be oval, elongate or irregular in cross section. The surface is rough, rugged, and irregular, often with buttresses, and hard in texture. The sponge grows slowly to a very large size, and a large specimen might weigh . In shallow water the colour is dark brown, but at greater depths the sponge is paler; at its maximum depth of it is white, sometimes suffused with pink.
Distribution and habitat.
"Xestospongia muta" is native to the Caribbean Sea, the Bahamas, Bermuda and the reefs around Florida. On the reefs off Key Largo, Florida, it is common at two individuals per square metre (yard), and the total biomass of the sponge is greater than any other reef-dwelling invertebrate in the area. The sponge grows on horizontal or vertical rock surfaces, and occasionally under overhanging rocks. It grows very slowly, and its growth rate slows down as the sponge's size increases. Age estimations of sponges are difficult, but the largest specimens of "Xestospongia muta" in the Caribbean may be over 2,300 years old, making them some of the most long-lived animals on Earth.
Biology.
"Xestospongia muta" is a filter feeder. Water is continually being pumped through the interior of the sponge. Small pores in the body wall are connected to channels lined by cells with flagella, and the rhythmical beating of these draws water through the channels. Incoming particles such as bacteria, viruses, diatoms and minute particles of organic debris lodge in the increasingly narrow channels, and are phagocytosed by cells in the channel wall. The water leaves the sponge through the osculum.
"Xestospongia muta" is a hermaphrodite. Clouds of sperm are emitted through the osculum, and some of these are drawn into other individual sponges where the eggs are fertilised. After a period of development inside the sponge during which the embryos feed on the egg yolks, larvae are liberated into the sea and soon settle on the seabed where they develop into juvenile sponges.
Ecology.
The tissues of "Xestospongia muta" contain symbiotic cyanobacteria which give it its brown colour. This sponge may suffer from bleaching in the same way as corals do. This is usually cyclic, with the sponge recovering its normal colouration over the period of a few months. The phenomenon happens more often in deeper water, and does not seem to be associated with heat stress and, moreover, the symbiont cyanobacteria do not play such an important part in the sponge's life as they do in the life of corals.
"Xestospongia muta" is an important member of the reef community. It serves as a habitat for various invertebrates which live on the surface or in the interior. It is also host to a large number of microbes, which may be primary producers or involved in nitrification. The tusked goby ("Risor ruber") is often found within the barrel.

</doc>
<doc id="20459371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459371" title="Barnegat-class seaplane tender">
Barnegat-class seaplane tender

The "Barnegat" class was a large class of United States Navy small seaplane tenders (AVP) built during World War II. Thirty were completed as seaplane tenders, four as motor torpedo boat tenders, and one as a catapult training ship.
Design.
Before World War II, the United States Navy foresaw a need for a large force of seaplane tenders in the event of a war in the Pacific, to allow air operations from undeveloped islands and atolls. Full-size seaplane tenders (AVs) were designed to support two squadrons of flying boats each, but they were more expensive to build and had a deep draft, precluding their use in shallow harbors. The U.S. Navy therefore also planned for "small seaplane tenders" (AVPs), with a shallower draft, capable of supporting only one squadron each, but cheaper to build and able to operate in shallow waters. The AVPs were not the descendants of the "seaplane tenders (destroyer)" (AVDs), which were converted from old destroyers because the Barnegat class could not be built quickly enough to meet the needs of the Navy at the start of the war. Both the full-size and small seaplane tenders were designed to provide supplies, spare parts, fuel, repairs, and berthing for assigned seaplane squadrons, and were well-armed so that they could serve as the primary line of defense of the seaplane bases they set up.
The "Barnegat"-class ships were the first purpose-built AVPs, prior ships carrying that designation having been minesweepers. In addition to carrying out the above-described responsibilities, they were well-enough armed to be employed as escorts for larger seaplane tenders, having a substantial anti-air and anti-surface gunnery capability, as well as depth charge racks and sonar for antisubmarine work. The gun battery varied greatly, being envisioned originally as two 5-inch (127-millimeter) 38-caliber guns, being expanded to an assigned total of four such guns in 1942. Few ships mounted four of these guns, and batteries of three, two, or one 5-inch guns were mounted during World War II, accompanied by various combinations of 40-millimeter and 20 mm antiaircraft guns. The armament was reduced after the war; those ships in commission as survey ships were entirely unarmed by 1959.
The ships were reliable, long-ranged, and seaworthy, and had good habitability.
In the spring of 1943, the U.S. Navy concluded that the number of "Barnegat"s ordered was excess to requirements. Four of them were converted during construction to motor torpedo boat tenders, while a fifth was modified during construction for use as a catapult training ship for battleship and cruiser floatplane pilots, her catapult equipment coming from that manufactured for canceled "Cleveland"-class light cruisers. Six other "Barnegat"s were canceled—four on 22 April 1943 and two more on 29 April 1943 – without having been laid down, their diesel engines being needed for various escort ships and amphibious landing craft.
Three "Barnegat"s were selected in 1945 for conversion to press information ships in anticipation of the 1945–1946 invasion of Japan, but when the war ended without this invasion being necessary they were converted back into seaplane tenders.
Naming.
The class was named for its lead unit, "Barnegat". A few of the ships were named after islands, but the vast majority were named after bodies of water, mostly bays and inlets, around the United States and the then-Territory of Alaska.
Operations.
The ships entered service between 1941 and 1946, and all but three of them were commissioned in time to participate in combat actions in World War II. The motor torpedo boat tenders served in the Pacific during the latter half of the war, while the seaplane tenders saw service in virtually every theater in which the United States Navy operated during the war.
The combination of the post-World War II downsizing of the U.S. Navy and the decline of the seaplane and motor torpedo boat in U.S. naval operations meant that all but the newest ships decommissioned in 1946 and 1947. Those that did stay on in service as seaplane tenders decommissioned between the mid-1950s and 1960s, some seeing service in the Korean War (1950–1953). The last unit did not leave U.S. Navy service until 1973.
However, the ships proved versatile and durable, and had long second lives postwar. One became a specialized flagship late in her life. Some became oceanographic and hydrographic survey ships, either in U.S. Navy, United States Coast and Geodetic Survey, or Greek service. Eighteen were transferred to the United States Coast Guard – where they became known as "Casco"-class cutters – between 1946 and 1949 for service mostly as weather reporting ships, a role they played until the late 1960s and early 1970s; some of the Coast Guard ships saw service in the Vietnam War, and one survived as a cutter until 1988. A number of the units of the class were transferred to foreign navies, including those of Ethiopia, Italy, Norway, the Philippines, and South Vietnam, for use as patrol vessels and training ships, and a few saw commercial service as cruise ships in Greece. The murky information available on a unit incorporated into the Vietnam People's Navy after the fall of South Vietnam in 1975 suggests that she remained active until at least 2000 and may remain active today; even if reports of her longevity are inaccurate, it should be noted that the last member of this large and long-lived class of ships did not leave service until 1993, when the ship transferred to Italy was decommissioned by the Italian Navy.
Ships.
USS "Barnegat" (AVP-10).
"Barnegat", lead unit of the class, was commissioned in July 1941. She served in the Atlantic until February 1945, then finished World War II in the Pacific. She was in reserve from 1945 to 1958, then was sold into commercial service and was used a Greek cruise ship from 1962 to 1986.
USS "Biscayne" (AVP-11, later AGC-18).
"Biscayne" was in commission from 1941 to 1946. During the first half of World War II, she saw service as a seaplane tender in the Atlantic, in the Caribbean, in West Africa, and in North Africa. Converted into an amphibious force flagship in 1943, she served in the Mediterranean in 1943–1944, seeing action in the amphibious landings in Operation Avalanche at Salerno, Operation Shingle at Anzio, and Operation Dragoon in southern France. Redesignated AGC-18 in 1944, she then served in the Pacific in 1945, serving at Iwo Jima, in the Okinawa campaign, and in the Philippines before the war ended. Postwar, she served in Korea and China. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Dexter" (WAGC-18), later WAVP-385, later WHEC-385, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1949 to 1952 and from 1958 to 1968.
USS "Casco" (AVP-12).
"Casco" was in commission from 1941 to 1947, performing her World War II service in the Pacific. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Casco" (WAVP-370), later WHEC-370, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1949 to 1969.
USS "Mackinac" (AVP-13).
"Mackinac" was in commission from 1942 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Pacific. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Mackinac" (WAVP-371), later WHEC-371, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1949 to 1968.
USS "Humboldt" (AVP-21).
"Humboldt" was in commission from 1941 to 1947, performing her World War II service in the Atlantic and Mediterranean. She was among three "Barnegat"-class ships selected in 1945 for conversion to a press information ship, redesignated AG-121, for the projected invasion of Japan in 1945–1946, but the war ended before the invasion could take place and she was converted back into a seaplane tender.She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Humboldt" (WAVP-372), later WHEC-372, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1949 to 1969.
USS "Matagorda" (AVP-22).
"Matagorda" was in commission from 1941 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Atlantic. She was among three "Barnegat"-class ships selected in 1945 for conversion to a press information ship, redesignated AG-122, for the projected invasion of Japan in 1945–1946, but the war ended before the invasion could take place and she was converted back into a seaplane tender. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Matagorda" (WAVP-373), later WHEC-373, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1949 to 1968.
USS "Absecon" (AVP-23).
"Absecon" was in commission from 1943 to 1947. She was converted while under construction into a catapult training ship, and spent World War II in Florida waters training battleship and cruiser floatplane pilots in catapult launches, also serving as a mobile target for torpedo planes. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Absecon" (WAVP-374), later WHEC-374, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1949 to 1972. She was transferred to South Vietnam in 1972 and captured by North Vietnam on the collapse of the South Vietnamese government at the end of the Vietnam War in 1975.
USS "Chincoteague" (AVP-24).
"Chincoteague" was in commission from 1943 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Pacific. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Chincoteague" (WAVP-375), later WHEC-375, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1949 to 1972. She was transferred to South Vietnam in 1972. Upon the collapse of the South Vietnamese government at the end of the Vietnam War in 1975, she fled to the Philippines. She served in the Philippine Navy from 1975 to 1985.
USS "Coos Bay" (AVP-25).
"Coos Bay" was in commission from 1943 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Pacific. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Coos Bay" (WAVP-376), later WHEC-376, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1949 to 1966.
USS "Half Moon" (AVP-26, ex-AGP-6, ex-AVP-26).
"Half Moon" was laid down as a seaplane tender, then was chosen as one of four "Barnegat"-class ships to be converted to a motor torpedo boat tender prior to completion and redesignated AGP-6, but ultimately was completed as a seaplane tender, with her sister ship "Oyster Bay" becoming the motor torpedo tender AGP-6 instead. She was in commission from 1943 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Pacific, where she saw action in the New Guinea campaign and the Philippines campaign. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Half Moon" (WAVP-378), later WHEC-378, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1948 to 1969.
USS "Mobjack" (AGP-7, ex-AVP-27).
"Mobjack" was one of four "Barnegat"-class ships to be converted during construction into a motor torpedo boat tender. She was in commission from 1943 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Pacific, supporting operations at Morotai, in the Philippines campaign, and in the Borneo campaign. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey postwar, serving as the survey ship USC&GS "Pioneer" (OSS 31) until 1966.
USS "Oyster Bay" (AGP-6, ex-AVP-28).
"Oyster Bay" was one of four "Barnegat"-class ships to be converted during construction into a motor torpedo boat tender. She was in commission from 1943 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Pacific, where she saw action in the New Guinea and Philippine campaigns. Stricken from the Navy List in 1946, she was reinstated as a seaplane tender in 1949 and kept in reserve until 1957. She was transferred to Italy in 1957, serving in the Italian Navy until 1993.
USS "Rockaway" (AVP-29).
"Rockaway" was in commission from 1943 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Atlantic and Mediterranean. She was among three "Barnegat"-class ships selected in 1945 for conversion to a press information ship, redesignated AG-123, for the projected invasion of Japan in 1945–1946, but the war ended before the invasion could take place and she was converted back into a seaplane tender. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Rockaway" (WAVP-377), later WAGO-377, WHEC-377, and WOLE-377, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1948 to 1972.
USS "San Pablo" (AVP-30, later AGS-30).
"San Pablo" was in commission from 1943 to 1947 as a seaplane tender, performing her World War II service in the Pacific, where she saw action in the Southwest Pacific, the New Guinea campaign, the Central Pacific, and the Philippines campaign. She recommissioned in 1948 after conversion to a hydrographic survey ship, redesignated AGS-30, and served in this capacity until 1969.
USS "Unimak" (AVP-31).
"Unimak" was in commission from 1943 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Pacific through the end of 1944, then in the Atlantic during the first half of 1945. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Unimak" (WAVP-379), later WHEC-379, later WTR-379, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1949 to 1975 and from 1977 to 1988.
USS "Yakutat" (AVP-32).
"Yakutat" was in commission from 1944 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Pacific, where she supported the Peleliu, Mariana Islands, and Okinawa campaigns. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Yakutat" (WAVP-380), later WHEC-380, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1948 to 1971. She was transferred to South Vietnam in 1971. Upon the collapse of the South Vietnamese government at the end of the Vietnam War in 1975, she fled to the Philippines, where she was cannibalized for spare parts.
USS "Barataria" (AVP-33).
"Barataria" was in commission from 1944 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Pacific, where she saw action in the Philippines campaign. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Barataria" (WAVP-381), later WHEC-381, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1948 to 1969.
USS "Bering Strait" (AVP-34).
"Bering Strait" was in commission from 1944 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Central Pacific, where she saw action in the Okinawa campaign. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Bering Strait" (WAVP-382), later WHEC-382, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1948 to 1971. She was transferred to South Vietnam in 1971. Upon the collapse of the South Vietnamese government at the end of the Vietnam War in 1975, she fled to the Philippines, and served in the Philippine Navy until 1985.
USS "Castle Rock" (AVP-35).
"Castle Rock" was in commission from 1944 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Pacific. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Castle Rock" (WAVP-383), later WHEC-383, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1948 to 1971. She was transferred to South Vietnam in 1971. Upon the collapse of the South Vietnamese government at the end of the Vietnam War in 1975, she fled to the Philippines, and served in the Philippine Navy until 1985.
USS "Cook Inlet" (AVP-36).
"Cook Inlet" was in commission from 1944 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Pacific, where she served in Hawaii and saw action in the Iwo Jima campaign. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Cook Inlet" (WAVP-384), later WHEC-384, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1948 to 1971. She was transferred to South Vietnam in 1971. Upon the collapse of the South Vietnamese government at the end of the Vietnam War in 1975, she fled to the Philippines, where she was cannibalized for spare parts.
USS "Corson" (AVP-37).
"Corson" was in commission from 1944 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Central Pacific. She was recommissioned in 1951 and saw service in support of United Nations forces in the Korean War (1950–1953), then remained in commission until 1966.
USS "Duxbury Bay" (AVP-38).
"Duxbury Bay" was in commission from 1944 to 1966. She performed her World War II service in the Central Pacific and in the Okinawa campaign. Postwar she served worldwide.
USS "Gardiners Bay" (AVP-39).
"Gardiners Bay" was in commission from 1945 to 1958, with World War II service in the Okinawa campaign. She also served four tours of duty in support of United Nations forces during the Korean War. In 1958 she was transferred to Norway, where she served as the naval cadet training ship HNoMS "Haakon VII" (A-537) until 1974.
USS "Floyds Bay" (AVP-40).
"Floyds Bay" was in commission from 1945 to 1960. She served at Okinawa at the end of World War II, cruised around the world in 1947–1948, and then served in the Pacific and Far East.
USS "Greenwich Bay" (AVP-41).
"Greenwich Bay" was in commission from 1945 to 1966. She arrived in the Western Pacific just after the end of World War II. She cruised around the world in 1946, then operated in the Pacific before spending most of her career in the Middle East and Mediterranean.
USS "Hatteras" (AVP-42).
The contract for the construction of "Hatteras" was cancelled on 22 April 1943 before she was laid down.
USS "Hempstead" (AVP-43).
The contract for the construction of "Hempstead" was cancelled on 22 April 1943 before she was laid down.
USS "Kamishak" (AVP-44).
The contract for the construction of "Kamishak" was cancelled on 22 April 1943 before she was laid down.
USS "Magothy" (AVP-45).
The contract for the construction of "Magothy" was cancelled on 22 April 1943 before she was laid down.
USS "Matanzas" (AVP-46).
The contract for the construction of "Matanzas" was cancelled on 29 April 1943 before she was laid down.
USS "Metomkin" (AVP-47).
The contract for the construction of "Metomkin" was cancelled on 29 April 1943 before she was laid down.
USS "Onslow" (AVP-48).
"Onslow" was in commission from 1943 to 1947, seeing World War II service in the Central Pacific, Palau Islands, and Okinawa campaign. She was recommissioned in 1951 and saw service in support of United Nations forces in the Korean War (1950–1953), performing four tours in Korea between 1951 and 1955, and then remained in commission until 1960, when she was sold into commercial service in the Philippines.
USS "Orca" (AVP-49).
"Orca" was in commission from 1944 to 1947, performing her World War II service in the New Guinea and Philippines campaigns. She was again in commissioned from 1951 to 1960, seeing service the Pacific and Far East (1950–1953). In 1962 she was transferred to Ethiopia, and served as that country's largest warship "Ethiopia" (A-01) until 1991.
USS "Rehoboth" (AVP-50, later AGS-50).
"Rehoboth" was in commission from 1944 to 1947, performing her World War II service in the United Kingdom and Brazil. She was recomissioned in 1948 after conversion to an oceanographic survey vessel. Redesignated AGS-50 in 1949, she saw service in this role from 1948 to 1970.
USS "San Carlos" (AVP-51).
"San Carlos" was in commission from 1944 to 1947, performing her World War II service in the Pacific, where she saw action in the Solomon Islands, at Morotai, and Philippines campaign. After years in reserve, she returned to U.S. Navy service in 1958 in a non-commissioned status as the hydrographic survey ship United States Naval Ship USNS "Josiah Willard Gibbs" (T-AGOR-1) with a mostly civilian crew, serving in this role until 1971. In 1971 she was transferred to Greece, which also employed her as a hydrographic survey ship.
USS "Shelikof" (AVP-52).
"Shelikof" was in commission from 1944 to 1947, performing her World War II service in the Central Pacific and in the Okinawa campaign. She was in reserve from 1947 to 1960, when she was sold into commercial service. She served as a Greek cruise ship until she sank in a storm while laid up in 1981.
USS "Suisun" (AVP-53).
"Suisun" was in commission from 1944 to 1955, performing her World War II service in the Central Pacific, then serving postwar in the Pacific and Far East. She was in reserve from 1955 to 1966, then was sunk as a target.
USS "Timbalier" (AVP-54).
"Timbalier" was in commission from 1946 to 1954, performing most of her active service in the Caribbean and along the United States East Coast. She was in reserve from 1954 to 1960, then sold into commercial service. She operated as a Greek cruise ship from 1960 to 1989.
USS "Valcour" (AVP-55, later AGF-1).
"Valcour" was in commission from 1946 to 1973, spending her career in the Atlantic, Mediterranean, and Middle East. In 1965 she was reclassified as a "miscellaneous command flagship", redesignated AGF-1.
USS "Wachapreague" (AGP-8, ex-AVP-56).
"Wachapreague" was one of four "Barnegat"-class ships to be converted during construction into a motor torpedo boat tender. She was in commission from 1944 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Pacific, where she saw action in the Philippine and Borneo campaigns. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "McCulloch" (WAVP-386), later WHEC-386, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service from 1946 to 1972. She was transferred to South Vietnam in 1972. Upon the collapse of the South Vietnamese government at the end of the Vietnam War in 1975, she fled to the Philippines, and served in the Philippine Navy until 1985.
USS "Willoughby" (AGP-9, ex-AVP-57).
"Willoughby" was one of four "Barnegat"-class ships to be converted during construction into a motor torpedo boat tender. She was in commission from 1944 to 1946, performing her World War II service in the Pacific, where she saw action in the Philippine and Borneo campaigns. She was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard postwar as USCGC "Gresham" (WAVP-387), later WHEC-387 and WAGW-387, and was in commissioned Coast Guard service until 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20459395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459395" title="Richard Yee">
Richard Yee

Richard Yee is a Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the Barako Bull Energy Boosters in the Philippine Basketball Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20459440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459440" title="Gherome Ejercito">
Gherome Ejercito

Gherome Eric A. Ejercito (born 19 March 1977) is a retired Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters in the Philippine Basketball Association. He also first played from the Pampanga Dragons in the Metropolitan Basketball Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20459442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459442" title="Political crisis in Thailand">
Political crisis in Thailand

Political crisis in Thailand may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20459483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459483" title="No Man's Land (Billy Joel song)">
No Man's Land (Billy Joel song)

"No Man's Land" is a single by Billy Joel. It was the third single from his 1993 album "River of Dreams". The song is about the growth of suburbia and its negative environmental and social aspects. It presumably refers somewhat specifically to Long Island (the line about "lots more to read about Lolita and suburban lust" is an indirect reference to Amy Fisher). It was the first song performed on "Late Show with David Letterman" in August 1993.
Track listing.
UK CD single.
All songs written by Billy Joel.
Chart positions.
Joel often opened concerts on the 1994 "River of Dreams Tour" with "No Man's Land".

</doc>
<doc id="20459487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459487" title="Mitchell Brown (Australian footballer born 1990)">
Mitchell Brown (Australian footballer born 1990)

Mitchell "Mitch" Brown (born 28 August 1990) is an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Brown was selected by Geelong with their first round selection (15th overall) in the 2008 AFL Draft, after originally not being considered by most as a top-20 selection. He had previously been playing with the Cheltenham Panthers and the Sandringham Dragons in the TAC Cup. He was originally not selected by the Dragons until he had a growth spurt and performed well for his school, Mentone Grammar School.
A tall forward, he is expected to help Geelong cover the loss of Nathan Ablett. He has also represented Victoria at cricket at junior levels.
Brown broke his leg in a VFL practice match and missed the 2009 season.
Statistics.
! colspan=3| Career totals
! 5
! 5
! 4
! 30
! 10
! 40
! 17
! 6
! 1.0
! 0.8
! 6.0
! 2.0
! 8.0
! 3.4
! 1.2

</doc>
<doc id="20459496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459496" title="Samigue Eman">
Samigue Eman

Samigue Eman (born March 12, 1982 in Davao) is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Alaska Aces in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Eman was the 2nd overall draft pick of the Magnolia Beverage Masters in 2007. In 2004, following his participation in the "Try-Outs ng Bayan" program, the University of Mindanao released Eman to join the Philippine National Men's team RP-Cebuana Lhuillier.
On his first two years and a conference with the Petron Blaze Boosters, then known as the San Miguel Beermen, he only played sporadically. But, after being acquired by the Aces during the 2010 PBA Fiesta Conference, he was able to showcase his skills as a rebounder and low-post defender and played more minutes. During the 2011-12 Philippine Cup and part of the Commissioner's Cup, he wore number 33, possibly given permission by Bogs Adornado.

</doc>
<doc id="20459506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459506" title=".22 Extra Long">
.22 Extra Long

The .22 Extra Long is a .22 in (5.6mm) American rimfire rifle and handgun cartridge.
Introduced around 1880, the .22 Extra Long was used in Remington, Ballard, Wesson, Stevens, and later (1916) models of Winchester's M1903 and M1904 single shot bolt action rifles, as well as in Smith & Wesson revolvers.
Using the same 40 gr (2.6 g) outside-lubricated bullet later adapted for the very much more common .22 Long Rifle, the Extra Long was loaded with 6 gr (389 mg) of black powder. Originally, it slightly outperformed the .22LR, but was "not noted for great accuracy", while later smokeless loads achieved about the same muzzle velocity as the .22LR. 
As with the .22 Winchester Automatic and .22 Remington Automatic, the .22 Extra Long will not chamber correctly in .22 Long Rifle weapons. Because it is very dimensionally-similar, however, the shorter .22 Short, .22 Long, and .22 LR will chamber in weapons designed for it (in the same way .38 Special ammunition can be fired in .357 Magnum weapons, or .44 Special rounds in .44 Magnums). 
The power of the .22 Extra Long is comparable to the standard velocity .22 Long Rifle, which is very much more commonly chambered and sold.
The .22 Extra Long ceased to be offered commercially in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="20459524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459524" title="Jonas Villanueva">
Jonas Villanueva

Jonas V. Villanueva (born March 31, 1983) is a Filipino professional basketball player currently playing for the Barako Bull Energy in the Philippine Basketball Association. Born in Bulacan, Philippines, he played for the FEU Tamaraws in which he helped the University to claim its 19th UAAP Men's Basketball Championship in its 68th Season alongside now PBA superstars Mark Isip, R.J. Rizada, Jeffrei Chan and former San Miguel teammate Arwind Santos.
He was selected 9th Overall Pick during the 2008 PBA Rookie Draft by the San Miguel Beermen. He struggled as he played a backup role under longtime veteran Olsen Racela. But then, he was promoted as the team's starting point guard when former no. 1 draft pick Mike Cortez fell into a season-ending injury and the team's long-time floor leader Olsen Racela's game starting to fade away.
In the 2008-09 PBA season, he was awarded the Most Improved Player award. He won the Fern-C Finals MVP honor after winning the 2009 PBA Fiesta Conference Championship with San Miguel.
2010-2011 PBA Pre-Season.
The San Miguel Corporation (SMC) management started to move its players by trading point guard Jonas Villanueva of San Miguel Beermen in exchange for quick guard Paul Artadi of B-MEG Derby Ace Llamados.
In an interview with incoming head coach Ato Agustin, he says he wanted a running team while also putting premium on defense. This justifies the acquisition of Artadi who strives on up-tempo and running kind of game. He is also known for his defense harassing point guards of opposing squads.
Though many of the Beermen fans are saddened by Jonas departure, its good to know that each time Artadi transfers to a team, he usually brings in a championship like what he did when he was traded to Ginebra and later to B-MEG Derby Ace. Will he bring the same kind of championship charm to San Miguel? We’ll know as the 36th PBA season unfolds starting on October 3 starting with the All-Filipino Conference.
He was appointed as the new captain of the team starting this season.
PBA career statistics.
"Correct as of December 10, 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="20459534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459534" title="Alexandrovsky District, Tomsk Oblast">
Alexandrovsky District, Tomsk Oblast

Alexandrovsky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the sixteen in Tomsk Oblast, Russia. It is located in the northwest of the oblast and borders with the territory of Strezhevoy Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction, with Kargasoksky District, and with Khanty–Mansi Autonomous Okrug. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Alexandrovskoye. Population: 8,686 (2010 Census); —the second least populated in Tomsk Oblast (after Teguldetsky District). The population of Alexandrovskoye accounts for 83.0% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The Ob River splits the district in two parts and serves as the main means of transportation. The majority of the district's inhabited localities are located along the Ob.
History.
The district was established in 1923 as a part of Tobolsk Okrug of Ural Oblast.
Economy.
Twenty-two proven oil fields are located on the territory of the district, as well as natural gas and combustible peat deposits. There are no ground links to either Tomsk or the cities in Khanty–Mansi Autonomous Okrug; communication is possible via air or river transportation.
Demographics.
As of 2007, ethnic Russians formed the majority with 80%, followed by Germans at 9%, and Khant-Selkups at 4.8%.

</doc>
<doc id="20459558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459558" title="Tom Gillies">
Tom Gillies

Thomas Gillies (born 7 March 1990) is an Australian rules footballer for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Early life.
Tom began his career with the Traralgon-based Tedas Junior Football Club. He then went on to play with the Narre Warren Football Club which led to getting selected to play for the Dandenong Stingrays in the TAC Cup.
AFL career.
Gillies was selected by Geelong with the 33rd pick in the 2008 AFL Draft.
He made his debut in Round 15 of the 2009 AFL season against Brisbane and played in six of the last eight games of the year. At the end of the year he was awarded Geelong's best first year player award. 
Statistics.
! colspan=3| Career totals
! 13
! 1
! 0
! 71
! 78
! 149
! 42
! 15
! 0.1
! 0.0
! 5.5
! 6.0
! 11.5
! 3.2
! 1.2

</doc>
<doc id="20459566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459566" title="Eddy Martin">
Eddy Martin

Eddy Martin (born September 10, 1990) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as One Love in the movie "Rebound", and as Joaquin in the Nickelodeon original show "Just Jordan", which he stars as a friend for "Lil' JJ".
He is also a musician, and sings a variety of music including mariachi music, ballads, and pop. He plays the drums, piano, and writes his own music.
He starred in the movie "The Maldonado Miracle", directed by Salma Hayek. He played the role of Jose Maldonado, a lonely, troublesome kid in search of his father.
He was a series regular on the show "American Family", directed by Gregory Nava.
Eddy currently plays Thad, one of the Dalton Academy Warblers, on "Glee".

</doc>
<doc id="20459568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459568" title="Leighton Hall, Powys">
Leighton Hall, Powys

Leighton Hall is an estate and farming complex, located outside Welshpool in Powys, Wales. A grade 1 listed building and Grade II* estate farming complex, it is located on the opposite side of the valley to Powis Castle. It is notable for being a precursor of the The Great Exhibition of 1851 in demonstrating the practical use of Victorian "industrial" farming methods; and the birthplace of the now much disparaged hybrid Cupressocyparis leylandii hedge tree. The Hall is now in private ownership and is not accessible to the public, although it
can still be viewed from the road.
History.
In 1845, the Leighton Hall estate was purchased from the Corbett family of Shropshire by Liverpool banker Christopher Leyland. In 1847, he gave it as a wedding present to his nephew John Naylor (1813–1889) who then proceeded to rebuild the house and estate at a reputed cost of £275,000, plus an additional £200,000 on the farm technology.
The house was rebuilt in a Gothic style, with the exterior and estate buildings designed by Liverpool architect W H Gee, and a Palace of Westminster interior style by Augustus Pugin. The buildings constructed at the time included the Church of the Holy Trinity, still in regular use today.
Farm.
Naylor spent £200,000 between 1848 and 1856 on revamping the 4000-acre (1.620ha) farm on the same industrial principles as that of HRH Albert, the Prince Consort's farm in Windsor Great Park. The Nantcribba Hall Farm included:
Gardens.
Naylor commissioned Edward Kemp, a pupil of Sir Joseph Paxton, to lay out the gardens. Kemp laid out a decorative water cascade fed from a series of lakes, which sequenced down from the Moel y Mab. He then developed the estate's Park Wood, making use—like many Victorians of the time—of exotic species including monkey puzzle trees. The 1857 Charles Ackers Memorial Redwood grove - the largest and oldest grove of coast redwoods in Europe - and the historic Naylor pinetum are today listed Grade 1 locations, now managed by the Royal Forestry Society.
Cupressocyparis leylandii.
Kemp in his garden layout had placed two disparate Pacific coast North American species of conifers in close proximity to each other:
The two parent species would never have met in the wild as their natural ranges are thousands of miles apart, but in 1888 the hybrid cross occurred when the female flowers or cones of Nootka Cypress were fertilised by pollen from Monterey Cypress, to create the first Cupressocyparis leylandii.
As John Naylor died the following year, his eldest son Christopher John Naylor (1849–1926) inherited Leighton Hall from his father in 1889. A sea captain by trade who commanded a ship known as the I.S.S. Enterprise, in 1891 on inheriting the Leyland Entailed Estates established under the will of his great-great-uncle, which passed to him following the death of his uncle Thomas Leyland (née Naylor); Christopher John changed his surname to Leyland, and moved to Haggerston Castle, Northumbria. He further developed the hybrid at his new home, and hence named the first clone variant "Haggerstown Grey." His younger brother John Naylor (1856–1906) resultantly inherited Leighton Hall, and when in 1911 the reverse hybrid of the cones of the Monterey Cypress were fertilised with pollen from the Nootka, that hybrid was baptised "Leighton Green."

</doc>
<doc id="20459582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459582" title="Taylor Hunt">
Taylor Hunt

Taylor Hunt (born 5 November 1990) is an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
AFL career.
Hunt was selected by Geelong with the 49th pick in the 2008 AFL Draft. He had previously been playing with the Sandringham Dragons in the TAC Cup. He was named as an emergency on two occasions in 2009, but failed to make his debut. He made his AFL debut in Round 11, 2010 against the West Coast Eagles at Subiaco Oval. He also kicked a goal that was nominated for goal of the week against West Coast in that game. Hunt went on to play six more games in the 2010 season, establishing his skills and showing enormous potential.
Statistics.
! scope="row" | 2009
! scope="row" | 2010
! scope="row" | 2011
! scope="row" | 2012
! colspan=3| Career totals
! 41
! 10
! 10
! 312 
! 296
! 608
! 140
! 116
! 0.2
! 0.2
! 7.6 
! 7.2
! 14.8
! 3.4
! 2.8

</doc>
<doc id="20459598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459598" title="Mateusz Bąk">
Mateusz Bąk

Mateusz Bąk (born 26 February 1983 in Pruszcz Gdański) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Lechia Gdańsk as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Club.
He is a trainee of Jantar Pruszcz Gdański. Bąk is known as a symbol of the "new" Lechia Gdańsk, being the only player who stayed with the team from its early promotions from the A-class (6th division) in 2001/2002 season all the way to the Ekstraklasa in the 2007/2008 season.
In July 2011, he joined Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała on two-year contract.
Bąk joined A PFG club Etar 1924 in early 2013. He has been the second choice goalkeeper and made his official debut on 10 April 2013, in the 1:6 away loss against Litex Lovech. On 20 April, the Pole made his first start for Etar, but was sent off during the second half in the 0:3 away defeat against Loko Plovdiv.

</doc>
<doc id="20459599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459599" title="Steven Motlop">
Steven Motlop

Steven Motlop (born 12 March 1991) is a Larrakia Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
AFL career.
The Motlop family has a very famous background with Daniel Motlop playing AFL for Port Adelaide and Shannon Motlop a premiership player for North Melbourne in 1999.
Motlop was selected by Geelong with the 39th pick in the 2008 AFL Draft. He had previously been playing with the Wanderers in the Northern Territory. He is the younger brother of former North Melbourne premiership player Shannon and former Port Adelaide forward Daniel Motlop, and the cousin of Port's Marlon Motlop. His performances at the 2008 National AFL Under 18 and Under 16 Championships were hampered by a shoulder injury, which was operated on prior to the draft, but he still managed to kick five goals in the division two final at the MCG.
Motlop dislocated his shoulder in his debut AFL match against Hawthorn during the second quarter in the 2010 Round Two match.
In round 6 of the 2012 AFL season Motlop was awarded the round nomination for the 2012 AFL Rising Star, after gathering 28 possessions against .
After a stellar 2013 season, Motlop was selected in the AFL Players' Association's inaugural 22under22 team. 
Statistics.
! scope="row" | 2009
! scope="row" | 2010
! scope="row" | 2011
! scope="row" | 2012
! colspan=3| Career totals
! 27
! 28
! 17
! 217
! 116
! 333
! 57
! 60
! 1.0
! 0.6
! 8.0
! 4.3
! 12.3
! 2.1
! 2.2

</doc>
<doc id="20459602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20459602" title="Trajan's Kiosk">
Trajan's Kiosk

Trajan's Kiosk, a hypaethral temple, is one of the largest Ancient Egyptian monuments standing today at the island of Agilkia, which was constructed by the Roman Emperor, Trajan. It was originally built at the island of Philae (near the lower Aswan Dam) but transported to Agilika in the 1960s by UNESCO to save it from being enveloped by the rising waters of the Nile due to the construction of the Aswan High Dam. 
This 15-x-20 metre kiosk is 15.85 metres high; its function was likely "to shelter the bark of Isis at the eastern banks" of Philae island. Its four by five columns each carry "different, lavishly structured composite capitals that are topped by 2.10-metre-high piers" and were originally "intended to be sculpted into Bes piers, similar to the birthhouses of Philae, Armant, and Dendera though this decoration was never completed. 
The structure is today roofless, but sockets within the structure's architraves suggest that its roof, which was made of timber, was indeed constructed in ancient times. Three 12.50-metre-long, presumably triangulated trusses, "which were inserted into a ledge at the back of stone architecture, carried the slightly vaulted roof." This building represents an example of the unusual combination of wood and stone in the same architectural structure for an Egyptian temple.

</doc>
