<doc id="20187051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187051" title="Van Heeckeren">
Van Heeckeren

Van Heeckeren is an old Dutch noble family from the Dutch provinces Overijssel and Gelderland.
History.
The oldest known ancestor is "Jakob van Heker" who died in 1440. The family is split into many branches (van Brandsenburg, van Kell, van Molecaten). The Heeckerens have the same coat of arms as the Rechteren family, and are related to the former as well the van Voorst tot Voorst family. Members carry the title of baron.
Coat of arms.
The family coat of arms is a gold shield with a red cross and two plumes overhead.
the coat of arms you picture is that of the counts of Rechteren - the single ostrich plume on the hat - if you also take a look at the shield holders, your will find that the rechteren shield holders have wings down
the heeckeren crest has two ostrich plumes on the hat, on the 5 barred helmet, and the griffion shield holders have their wings up and their tongue and tail are of a single tipped arrow
the shield is the same
jakob van heker in 1427 was recognized as the owner of the srtructure and grounds ruurlo castle (then named roderlo)
the family does not start then - prior to that time the family had owned a number of castles, fortresses, homes, together with the associated grounds and structures - during the many battles (both won and lost) - much of the family documentations was lost when structures were made to ruin during these battles
the titles of count (rechteren) and baron (heeckeren) date to this time period - considered "old nobility" - napoleon bonsparte during his 20 years of continual battles placed is brother (lodewijk napoleon) as regent (governor?)in charge of the Netherlands (roughly defined by the truce of west phalen) - he tried to clarify/place his mark on the unwritten status for the nobility in those areas and in 1813 those ambitions were signed and sealed when he lost the regency over those countries with the outcome of waterloo - possibly a bit earlier with napoleon's first exile to elba
"old nobility" starts well before the napoleontic wars - anything post 1913 is considered "new nobility", and a significant part of those are from the pen of lodewijk napoleon
jacob van heker mentioned earlier was by no means the first van Heeckeren - apparently there have been identified four different significant structures by the name heker/heeckeren/et al. there is one such site where the castle moat was still identifiable (as of the late 1980's probably still identifiable, but i don't know that as a fact) - it is generally thought that the heeckeren derived its name from that structure. that year is quite uncertain
the father of the aforementioned jakob van heker is uncertain - there were two brothers in the prior generation, each of whom could have been his father,and one of whom must have been the father but history has not (to my knowledge) revealed which one - for that reason jakob van heker is considered the root of the recorded family, and every acknowledged titled van Heeckeren today is a descendant of jakov van Heker - that formalization is triggered by the 1813 napoleonic/French documentation
i hope this has clarified more than it has confused
there are a number of websites which are instructive in attempting to understand the genealogy of heeckeren/rechteren/van voorst/van voorst tot voorst et al.
however my father told me on a number of occasions that his father told him that the documents from the "Heraldieke Bibliotheek" of the Netherlands from 1876 titled "Voerst, Hekeren genaamd Rechteren, Rechteren genaamd Voorst, Voorst genaamd rechteren", and 1881 "Het Geslacht van Heeckeren", as of those dates represented the most credible and complete record of the old nobility family van Heeckeren.
also available is the "little red book" (het "roode boekje"), more properly "Nederlnd's Adelsboek H-K" - my copy dates from 1975, published by N.V. Uitgeverij W.P. van Stockum & Zoon - it sketchily continues where the above mentioned publications leave off, and is more detailed to the present - it is compiled by the "Hoge Raad van Adel" in the Hague (aka den Haag, and 's Gravenhage)
there is also a publication named "Wapenboek van de Nederlandsche Adel" dating from something like 1885 (my guess) - it has probably the most credible pictorial representation of coasts of arms of the Netherlands nobility as of the end of the 1800s - suggest you go see that book in the liibraries of either Amsterdam and/or rotterdam - there are 2 other copies of this book in existence, but I have no knowledge of where they are kept - in it, i'm certain, you will find the answer to any of your concerns and accuracy of the van Heeckeren, and van Rechteren costs of arms
Jacob van Heeckeren tak Barlham

</doc>
<doc id="20187054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187054" title="Dita and the Family Business">
Dita and the Family Business

Dita and the Family Business is a 2001 documentary film directed by Joshua Taylor and Ferne Pearlstein about the family behind the New York City department store Bergdorf Goodman. It was first released at the 2001 San Diego Latino Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20187064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187064" title="The Evening Colonnade">
The Evening Colonnade

The Evening Colonnade, published in 1973, is a collection of essays and reviews by the English writer and critic Cyril Connolly.
The compilation consists primarily of Connolly's articles written when he was literary critic for the "Sunday Times". Other articles are taken from "Harpers & Queen", the "London Magazine", "Art News", "Art and Literature" and "The New York Times".
The work is divided into four sections as follows:
Connolly derived the title from Pope's poem on Lady Mary Wortley Montagu:
He also had in mind the surrealist work of Chirico.

</doc>
<doc id="20187073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187073" title="Johnsonburg, Kane, Warren and Irvine Railroad">
Johnsonburg, Kane, Warren and Irvine Railroad

The Johnsonburg, Kane, Warren and Irvine Railroad was a railroad company in Pennsylvania, United States, formed on May 24, 1982, by Sloan Cornell who also owned the Knox and Kane Railroad. The JKWI was the designated operator of the Irvine, Warren, Kane & Johnsonburg Railroad, that was a partnership of Brock Railroad (a wholly owned subsidiary of Warren Car Company), Irvine Railroad (a wholly owned subsidiary of National Forge Company) and Struthers Wells Inter-American Corporation (a subsidiary of Struthers Wells), all three being Pennsylvania corporations, and had acquired from Conrail the following railroad line segments: MP 58.52 to MP 66.7 (Irvine to Warren) and MP 92.5 to MP 111.0 (Kane to Johnsonburg). 
Operation of the Irvine to Johnsonburg trackage began on July 16, 1982, while registration of the business entity IWK&J RAILROAD COMPANY with the Pennsylvania Department of State followed on October 18, 1982, 
The property was sold to Hammermill Paper, which began operations under the Allegheny Railroad name on September 3, 1985. The Johnsonburg, Kane, Warren & Irvine Railroad Company filed a Certificate of Election to Dissolve on September 10, 1985, and filed Articles of Dissolution on October 3, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20187084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187084" title="List of Otpisani episodes">
List of Otpisani episodes

The following is a list of episodes of the Serbian drama Otpisani.

</doc>
<doc id="20187132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187132" title="Jack Little (politician)">
Jack Little (politician)

John Albert "Jack" Little (13 October 1914 – 25 November 1988) was an Australian politician. Born in Maryborough, Victoria, he was educated at East Brunswick and Thornbury state primary Schools, before becoming a clicker in a shoe factory in Collingwood, and later an official with the Victorian Boot Employees' Union, of which he was Federal President in 1944 and 1945. In 1952 was awarded a Commonwealth Bank Scholarship for six months, to study unionism and working conditions in the UK, Europe and the US. In 1954 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Council for Melbourne North, representing the Australian Labor Party. 
He left the Labor Party in 1955 and would be one of only two non-Catholic members of the Australian Labor Party (Anti-Communist) in the Victorian Parliament. Little led the ALP (Anti-Communist) in the Legislative Council from 1955 until 1958, the last two of those years as leader of the Democratic Labor Party, which was the new name for the ALP (Anti-Communist). Little re-contested his Province at the expiry of his term in 1958, but like all other DLP candidates at that election he was defeated. On losing his seat in 1958 he purchased a newsagency in Reservoir, Victoria, which he ran until his election to the Australian Senate in 1968. 
Little successfully contested DLP preselection for the Senate in 1958, in which he defeated the original leader of the ALP (Anti-Communist) Leslie Coleman. It has been argued that Little was preferred as a DLP candidate because he was not a Catholic. The DLP was popularly regarded as a Catholic party, and a non-Catholic candidate had certain electoral attractions. 
Little contested Senate elections several times for the DLP. He was narrowly defeated by ALP candidate Charles Sandford in 1958, but he was successful in the 1967 Senate only election. Little had the same name as a well-known and popular Australian-American television wrestling commentator, and it has been suggested that promotion of Little's full name by the DLP, particularly in television advertising, was a factor that added to his vote. Little was defeated at the 1974 federal election, along with the other four DLP Senators, when the party's vote collapsed. Jack Little died in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20187189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187189" title="United States presidential election in Wisconsin, 2008">
United States presidential election in Wisconsin, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Wisconsin took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 10 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Wisconsin was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama by a 13.91% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state, despite the extremely close margins of victory in the previous two presidential elections. Polling throughout the state began to show a sizable and widening lead for Democrat Barack Obama of neighboring Illinois over Republican John McCain of Arizona. Obama carried Wisconsin with over 56% of the vote, significantly improving upon John Kerry's margin of victory in 2004.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
Pre-election polling early on showed a tight race. Since May 18, Obama swept every single poll. Since September 21, Obama won every poll with at least 49% of the vote. The final 3 polls averaged Obama leading 53% to 40%.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $1,728,185 in the state. Barack Obama raised $4,862,486.
Advertising and visits.
Obama and his interest groups spent $13,586,634. McCain and his interest groups spent $9,240,899. Each ticket visited the state 7 times.
Analysis.
Having voted for the Democratic presidential nominees by extremely narrow margins in 2000 and 2004, Wisconsin was originally considered to be a swing state in 2008. However, Obama took a wide lead in the polls in Wisconsin near the final weeks before the election and many pundits and news organizations labeled the state as a safe blue state.
On Election Day, Obama won Wisconsin by a comfortable 13.91-percent margin of victory. Obama carried the heavily Democratic cities of Milwaukee and Madison by large margins, winning above two-thirds of the vote, along with some traditionally Republican cities like Green Bay and Appleton. This was consistent with Obama's pattern of strong performances in the states bordering Illinois. The state's Republican base essentially melted; John McCain only carried 13 of the state's 72 counties. McCain did best in the Milwaukee suburbs like Waukesha and Ozaukee counties. The election confirmed Wisconsin's status as a Democratic-leaning Midwestern state; the last time Wisconsin voted for a Republican presidential nominee was in 1984 when Ronald Reagan carried the Badger State in his landslide reelection. A Democrat can lose most of the rest of the state and still carry it by running up the votes in Milwaukee and Madison, as John Kerry demonstrated in 2004.
During the same election, at the state level, Democrats picked up five seats in the Wisconsin State Assembly which gave them control of the chamber and marked the first time since 1992 that Democrats controlled both chambers of the Wisconsin Legislature.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Barack Obama swept the state, carrying seven of the state’s eight congressional districts, including two districts held by Republicans. 
Electors.
Technically the voters of Wisconsin cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Wisconsin is allocated 10 electors because it has 8 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 10 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 10 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 10 were pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20187222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187222" title="Gautieria">
Gautieria

Gautieria is a genus of hypogeal fungi in the family Gomphaceae. They form mycorrhizae with various tree species, mostly from the Pinaceae family. Species are present over much of the world's temperate and boreal forest habitats. It is well documented that species from this genera are an important part of the diet of the northern flying squirrel ("Glaucomys sabrinus"). Also, some Australian marsupials, especially the rat-kangaroos, feed extensively on these fungi. The fungi also benefit from this relationship: not only do the squirrels help to disperse the spores and propagate the species, studies suggest that passage through the digestive tract of a mammal promotes germination of spores.
Taxonomy.
The genus was first described by Italian doctor and naturalist Carlo Vittadini in 1831. for hypogeous (below-ground) gasteromycetes with chambers exposed to the surface and lined with a spore-bearing hymenium, a basal rhizomorph, and ovoid-fusiform, striate-grooved spores. Vittadini's original concept was based on two species he collected in Italy, "Gauteria morchellaeformis" and "Gautieria graveolens". In 1918, Zeller and Dodge examined various dried herbarium collections of "Gautieria", and recognized five species. Additional research led to them recognizing 34 species and expanding their generic concept to include species with a well-developed peridium of periclinal hyphae at maturity. As of 2008, "Gautieria" is thought to contain 25 species.
Description.
Fruit bodies (gasterocarps) are typically roughly spherical in shape, with a persisting single or branched rhizomorph. The columella (the central sterile portion of the sporangium) are variable in size and shape. The peridium (the wall of the sporangium) is thin and short-lasting. The gleba is initially white, but later becomes colored by the masses of spores. The basidia are club-shaped, usually two-spored, and with long filiform sterigmata. Spores are 12–26 µm long, and ovoid to ellipsoid in shape.

</doc>
<doc id="20187225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187225" title="Terry Barwell">
Terry Barwell

Terence Ian Barwell was a South African born cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Somerset over a 10-season period from 1959 to 1968. He later represented Wiltshire in the Minor Counties and played List A cricket for both Wiltshire and for Minor Counties representative sides.
Born at Bloemhof in Transvaal on 29 April 1937, Barwell was a right-handed middle-order batsman and an occasional wicketkeeper. Towards the end of his first-class career, when he played for Somerset's second eleven, he also bowled with some success.
Barwell played first for Somerset in 1959 in a match against the Combined Services, keeping wicket and making the only stumping of his first-class career. Unable to play County Championship cricket until 1961 as he qualified for the county by residence, his appearances were in any case restricted in some seasons by his career as a schoolmaster. But even in those seasons when he was more regularly available, he often found himself a fringe first-team player, never making more than 11 first-class appearances in any one season and managing a highest season aggregate of just 410 runs, which he achieved in 1967.
His best score was an unbeaten and quick 84 against Glamorgan at Weston-super-Mare in 1965. He also made 74 not out against the Pakistanis in 1967, though he was much upstaged by a second wicket partnership of 262 between Roy Virgin and Mervyn Kitchen, who made 162 and 189 respectively. He appeared in Somerset's losing Gillette Cup side of 1967, being run out for 24 in what Wisden termed "a fearful mix-up" with Graham Burgess. After starting the 1968 season as a regular member of the side, he dropped out after a few games and did not regain his place.
In second eleven cricket, Barwell was a reliable and prolific scorer, acting as batsman, occasional wicketkeeper, sometime captain and, more rarely, bowler. His final match for the combined Gloucestershire and Somerset Second Eleven side in 1968 saw him make 45 out of 54 added while he was at the wicket in a first innings that totalled only 78, top-score in the second innings with 68 and then take four wickets for 14 runs as the combined side recovered to force a draw with Kent's second eleven.
After leaving Somerset, he played for Wiltshire, appearing in first-round Gillette Cup matches against Hampshire in both 1972 and 1973, and also turning out for the Minor Counties representative side in the Benson and Hedges Cup. In 1973, he made a single final first-class cricket appearance for the Minor Counties side against the West Indies at Torquay.
As a schoolmaster, he taught at Dr Morgan's School, Bridgwater Marlborough College and at Blundell's School.
External links.
Terry Barwell at www.cricketarchive.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20187246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187246" title="Finland national under-19 football team">
Finland national under-19 football team

The Finnish national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Finland.
Current squad.
Selections for the 2014 UEFA European Under-19 Championship qualification matches on October 13–18, 2013.
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" |
"* Withdrew"

</doc>
<doc id="20187253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187253" title="Bill Brown (Australian politician)">
Bill Brown (Australian politician)

William Walter Charles "Bill" Brown (born 4 December 1920 – 26 June 2001) is a former Australian politician. 
Born in Melbourne, he was educated at state schools and then at Taylor's College, after which he became an apprentice cabinet-maker. He served in the military from 1941–1946, and was an organiser and Victorian Secretary of the Federated Furnishing Trades Society. In 1961, he served as President of the Melbourne Trades Hall Council, and as President of the Victorian Labor Party 1965-1968. 
On 19 November 1969, he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Victoria, filling the casual vacancy caused by the death of Sam Cohen. Brown's appointment lasted until the 1970 election, when he was elected in his own right; his new term did not begin until 1 July 1971, however, and Liberal George Hannan served the remainder of Cohen's term. He was defeated in 1977, when he was demoted to third position on the Labor ticket to make room for Gareth Evans.

</doc>
<doc id="20187254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187254" title="Starlight Park">
Starlight Park

Starlight Park was an American amusement park, near West Farms Square east of the Bronx River in the New York City borough of The Bronx, New York, from 1918 to 1932. It was first called Exposition Park, as the grounds were originally laid out from 1917 to 1918 for the Bronx International Exposition of Science, Arts and Industries in 1918. It was renamed shortly after the exposition's close.
The park featured fireworks displays, a roller coaster, a swimming pool, and carnival games of skill and chance. It also contained a stadium which was the home field of the New York Giants soccer team, but which also featured circuses, boxing and professional wrestling matches, and "midget auto racing". The 15,000-seat stadium came to be called the New York Coliseum (no relation to the building with that name in Columbus Circle of New York City's Manhattan borough). The stadium was originally built for the 1926 Sesquicentennial Exposition in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and was transported to 177th Street and Devoe Avenue in the Bronx in 1928.
The park was also home of the studios of radio station WBNX until the park's closure forced the station to find a new home.
Starting in 1926, the park offered free programs of opera music in the summer, in an attempt to give the masses access to high culture at no cost. The shows were given in the open air until the Starlight Park Stadium was erected in 1928, and occurred in the stadium afterwards. On Saturday nights, big-band jazz played for dancers on an outdoor dance floor. In its time, it was considered something of a "blue collar country club".
For many years, one of the park's most popular attractions was the submarine . After being constructed by Irish-American inventor John Philip Holland in 1888, the "Holland" became the first submarine commissioned by the United States Navy. She had been maintained by the navy at Norfolk, Virginia, for training purposes until 1914, when she became a museum ship in Philadelphia and Atlantic City, New Jersey. The submarine then moved to Starlight Park in 1918 and remained there until 1932, when she was disassembled for scrap as part of the entire park's demolition.
In 1922, a roller-coaster accident killed one rider. In 1947, the stucco and wood bathing pavilion was destroyed by a fire.
The northeastern part of the site became a bus parking lot. In 2013 the New York City Parks Department developed a public park on land west and south of the site, along both banks of the river, with the same name. 

</doc>
<doc id="20187258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187258" title="Carly Cole">
Carly Cole

Carly Calder Cole (née Zucker; born 11 May 1984) is a British reality television contestant, fitness trainer and model, and wife of the footballer Joe Cole.
Media career.
Cole has modeled for fitness and fashion magazines. She was a contestant on the 2008 reality TV show "I'm a Celebrity... Get Me out of Here!", and was the third person voted out on 28 November 2008. In 2009 she was the face of a Lynx campaign.
Personal life.
Cole grew up in Leytonstone, East London and attended Wanstead High School. She has always had an interest in sports, having played football while in school. She is also an avid runner and yoga enthusiast.
Carly married England footballer, Joe Cole on 20 June 2009 in Chelsea, London, where she wore a £10,000 wedding dress by designer Oscar de la Renta. The couple have a daughter, Ruby Tatiana Cole, who was born March 2010 in London, and a son, Harrison, born 19 October 2012, also in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20187262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187262" title="Sequatchie County High School">
Sequatchie County High School

Sequatchie County High School is four-year public high school located in Dunlap, Tennessee.
The schools colors are Purple and Gold and its mascot is a Native American Indian.
History.
The first high school in Sequatchie County was constructed in 1909. The current high school was built on State Route 28 just south of the city of Dunlap, TN in 1978.
Academics.
SCHS offers a wide variety of courses including those in Math, Science, Language, Fine Arts, Physical Education, Social Studies, and Vocation. The current graduation requirement is a minimum of 26 credits.
Athletics.
SCHS is a member of the Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association (TSSAA).
The school's athletic teams go by the nickname "Indians" for the boys' teams and "Lady Indians" for the girls' teams.
Here is a listing of the sports that Sequatchie County high school competes in:
Boys' Sports
Girls' Sports
The school's two athletic State Championships were made by the Girls' Softball team in 1990, finishing with a (20-6) record, and individually by Hunter Lewis (2011) in the Triple Jump Event with a long jump of 44 ft. and 6 in. However, despite the lack of State Championships, the school's athletic teams and individual student athletes routinely compete in post season play. In 1996, the baseball team finished 3rd in the state tournament. The football team, in 1973, lost in the Class A State Championship to Dyer County by a score of (31-26) for a (12-1) season record and continue to advance into post season play on a regular basis. Both the boys & girls Basketball teams routinely participate in the state basketball playoffs as well.
A new sport is making its way to Sequatchie County High school as a new lacrosse club is starting at the school. Since lacrosse is not yet an officially recognized sport by the TSSAA, the school will be sponsoring the club in preparation of it eventually becoming a sanctioned sport.
The SCHS boys' team will be the thirty-first boys' lacrosse team in the state and the third public school in East Tennessee; the girls' team would be the twenty-eighth in the state and the first public school lacrosse program in East Tennessee. The school is also beginning its second year with a boy's wrestling program.
Band.
The SCHS Band consists of the typical instrumentation. Saxophones, Trumpets, Clarinets, Flutes, Piccolos, Trombones, Baritones, and Percussion are the instruments played in the band. The band participates in marching activities for the first semester and concert activities during the second semester.

</doc>
<doc id="20187274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187274" title="Simpson Gumpertz &amp; Heger Inc.">
Simpson Gumpertz &amp; Heger Inc.

Simpson Gumpertz & Heger Inc. (SGH) is a privately held ENR 500 engineering firm that designs, investigates, and rehabilitates structures and building enclosures. Their work encompasses commercial, institutional and residential buildings, transportation, water/wastewater, nuclear, science, and defense structure projects throughout the U.S. and over twenty foreign countries. SGH has 450 employees at five offices in Boston, Los Angeles, New York City, San Francisco, and Washington, D.C.
Services.
SGH provides services in Commercial, Institutional and Residential Buildings, Transportation, Nuclear, Water/Wastewater and Science/Defense structures. SGH services are supported by technical capabilities, including: Building Envelope Engineering, Structural Engineering, Engineering Mechanics, Building Science and Construction Engineering. Their practice encompasses design, investigation and performance evaluation, repair and rehabilitation of constructed works. SGH implements innovative techniques for design, analysis, and project management. Their laboratories supports design and investigation work with material, mechanical, and environmental testing.
The majority of their projects are buildings in diverse markets, including educational, industrial, healthcare, and residential.
Background.
Founded in 1956 by three former Massachusetts Institute of Technology professors - Howard Simpson, Werner Gumpertz, and Frank Heger - SGH specializes in structural design, historic preservation and evaluation of building exteriors. The firm has a reputation for assessing structural or interior damage to buildings. Nationally, SGH is recognized as an expert on the science and causes of structural failure. For example, when mirror-glass panels began falling off Boston's John Hancock Tower and had to be temporarily replaced with plywood in 1973, SGH was hired to analyze what went wrong. More recently, SGH was hired by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) to investigate the collapse of New York's World Trade Center and assess the Towers' structural response to impact damage and fire after the September 11, 2001 attacks. NIST retained SGH to develop computer models simulating the towers’ structural response to aircraft impact and subsequent fires. Several studies, conducted by NIST and its consultants, provided input for the SGH study, including aircraft impact analysis, fire dynamics and heat transfer models. NIST also tested structural steel recovered from the WTC site to determine its mechanical and metallurgical properties including temperature-dependent thermal expansion, modulus, plastic flow, and creep properties. SGH first developed models of components, connections, and subsystems of the WTC towers and studied their structural response to fire-induced temperatures over time. Using results of such studies, SGH developed computationally efficient global models of the towers and performed FE analyses from initial impact through each tower’s collapse.
Financial Development.
Under the leadership of Chief Executive Officer Glenn R. Bell, SGH has experienced dramatic growth over the last decade. As CEO, a role he has held since 1995, Glenn is responsible for all aspects of management and leadership. In his tenure, the firm expanded from two offices with $14 million in annual revenue to five offices and over $70 million in revenue. According to a 2007 interview, the company’s revenues grew 15-20 percent annually the last 5–10 years. In addition to daily corporate management, Glenn led strategic planning, rebranding, and company reorganization - while maintaining the best of its existing culture with low staff turnover.
From 2001 to 2005, SGH increased total revenues more than 72.2 percent. By 2006, SGH had become a $50 million, 300-person firm, with the Waltham office accounting for $30 million and 160 employees. Revenue increased 25 percent from 2006 to 2007, while revenue from the New York office doubled between 2006 and 2007. Total billings for fiscal 2007 amounted to approximately $70 million (up from $37.1 million in 2003, $46.5 million in 2005, and $56.7 million in 2006). One factor widely credited with contributing to SGH's growth was a new marketing strategy which introduced the company to a nationwide audience through seminars, publications, and newsletters.
Projects.
The firm has influenced the design or restoration of many recognizable structures, including Spaceship Earth, the -diameter geodesic sphere at the entrance of Epcot Center; New York’s Grand Central Terminal; and the Hultman Aqueduct in Massachusetts. Further, masonry design (construction and reconstruction) always has been a major part of the SGH’s project portfolio. These skills have been used on several high-profile and/or award-winning masonry projects, including both contemporary designs and historic restorations. Some projects in these categories include: the New Jersey Performing Arts Center (Newark, New Jersey), the Miami Dade Center/Stephen P. Clark Government Center (Miami, Florida), and the Bowdoin College Chapel Restoration (Brunswick, Maine).
Awards.
SGH has picked up several industry awards over the years for its services. In 2013, they received 15 national and regional project awards and recognitions. This included two lifetime achievement awards, one international “best of” award, and 4 “top firms” rankings from the Boston and San Francisco Business Journals. Additionally, the firm is a member of the Global Design Alliance. Since 2004, SGH has ranked as a "Best Firm to Work For" by Structural Engineer and CE News magazines, and has been ranked in the top 10 of structural firms since 2005. 
On March 8, 2006, SGH received the Gold Engineering Excellence award from the American Council of Engineering Companies of Massachusetts (ACEC-MA). ACEC-MA recognized SGH for its project, Global Analysis of World Trade Center Towers Subjected to Impact Damage and Fire. The entry detailed SGH's work for the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) determining the events sequence in the WTC collapse on 9-11. The annual Engineering Excellence program recognizes exceptional performance in engineering. Winning firms are ranked as silver, gold, platinum, and Grand Conceptor.

</doc>
<doc id="20187285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187285" title="Player Uno">
Player Uno

Nicolas Dansereau (born July 20, 1987) is a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Player Uno. He currently competes for various independent promotions across North America, including Alpha-1 Wrestling, Capital City Championship Combat (C*4), Inter Species Wrestling (ISW), and California-based Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG). He regularly teams with Stupefied/Player Dos as the Super Smash Brothers. Together they are former one-time Chikara Campeones de Parejas, one-time PWG World Tag Team Champions and winners of PWG's "2012 Dynamite Duumvirate Tag Team Title Tournament".
Player Uno became popular for basing his gimmick, moveset, and attire around video games, specifically games for the NES and SNES consoles. One of his former trademarks was his pants, which had an NES controller design on one side; if the "Pause" button was pressed, he would stop moving, and if his opponent hit him while he was "paused", Player Uno wouldn't react until getting "unpaused". He was also famous for wearing gear in the color schemes of characters such as Mario, Luigi, and Wario. In recent years, Player Uno has stopped using both distinctive traits.
Career.
Early career.
Dansereau first began wrestling at the age of 14. At the time, he went under the name "El PoPo". On an episode of Colt Cabana's podcast, "The Art of Wrestling", he explained that the decision to change his name came, when El Generico wanted to be called Player 1. Uno changed it around and picked the name Uno. He originally planned to learn Spanish after choosing the name.
International Wrestling Syndicate.
Uno made his debut in the Canadian wrestling promotion International Wrestling Syndicate (IWS). Uno quickly found a tag team partner in Stupefied as the Super Smash Brothers. The team found success as they soon won the IWS Tag Team Championship. Uno also found success as a singles competitor as he also won the IWS Canadian Championship. He remained with the promotion until it folded on October 9, 2010.
Chikara.
In 2007 the team started competing in Chikara. Uno and Stupefied, now competing as Player Dos and naming their team the "Super Smash Brothers", won the Chikara Campeonatos de Parejas from Incoherence (Delirious and Hallowicked) at "Laying in the Gutters, Looking at the Stars" on September 21, 2008. The team only held the titles for a month before losing it to The Osirian Portal, the team of Amasis and Ophidian, at "Global Gauntlet: Night 2". In 2009 Uno went on a long losing streak, which included a loss against Player Dos for the Young Lions Cup, but the streak came to an end at the season finale, when he debuted his new finishing maneuver "The Joystick" and forced Tim Donst to tap out with it. On October 24, 2010 Uno wrestled to date his last Chikara match with Dos with Sara Del Rey and Daizee Haze, which Uno and Dos lost.
Ring of Honor.
Uno, along with Player Dos, made his ROH debut on May 8, 2009 in Boston, MA, in a losing effort against Rhett Titus and Kenny King. On July 25 in Toronto, Ontario, at "Death Before Dishonor VII Night 2" they scored an upset victory over former ROH World Tag Team Champions Kevin Steen and El Generico. On the November 9 episode of Ring of Honor Wrestling on HDNet, Uno and Dos debuted on the show in a return match, where they were defeated by Steen and Generico. Ever since the summer of 2010 Uno hasn't appeared in any Ring of Honor shows.
Pro Wrestling Guerrilla.
On September 10, 2011, Uno debuted in Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG) as a member of the Super Smash Bros. with Stupefied. In their debut match, they faced the RockNES Monsters (Johnny Goodtime and Johnny Yuma), a tag team with a similar video game-themed gimmick, in a losing effort. The Super Smash Bros. returned on December 10, 2011, this time losing a match against the American Wolves (Davey Richards and Eddie Edwards). The Super Smash Bros. picked up their first win in PWG on March 17, 2012, by defeating former two-time PWG World Tag Team Champions, The Young Bucks (Matt and Nick Jackson), and the RockNES Monsters in a three-way match. On April 21, the Super Smash Bros. defeated The Young Bucks in the opening round, Future Shock (Adam Cole and Kyle O'Reilly) in the semifinal, and 2 Husky Black Guys (El Generico and Willie Mack) in the final round to win the "2012 Dynamite Duumvirate Tag Team Title Tournament" and become number one contenders to the PWG World Tag Team Championship.
On May 25, the Super Smash Bros. defeated The Young Bucks in a No Disqualification match to win the vacant PWG World Tag Team Championship. The Super Smash Bros. made their first successful title defense on July 21 at "Threemendous III", PWG's nine-year anniversary event, where they defeated Future Shock and The Young Bucks in a three-way ladder match. On December 1 at "Mystery Vortex", the Super Smash Bros. made their second successful World Tag Team Championship defense against the RockNES Monsters. Later that same event, they were defeated by the Dojo Bros (Eddie Edwards and Roderick Strong) in a non-title match. On January 12, 2013, the Super Smash Bros. lost the World Tag Team Championship to the Unbreakable F'n Machines (Brian Cage and Michael Elgin) in the opening round of the "2013 Dynamite Duumvirate Tag Team Title Tournament". During the match, Uno suffered a dislocated shoulder after performing a suicide dive to the outside of the ring.
Dragon Gate USA.
On January 28, 2012, the Super Smash Bros. made their debut for Dragon Gate USA, defeating The Scene (Caleb Konley and Scott Reed) in a tag team match. The following day, they picked up another win over the D.U.F. (Arik Cannon and Pinkie Sanchez), after which Uno asked for a shot at the Open the United Gate Championship. The Super Smash Bros.' win streak ended on November 2, when they were defeated by Genki Horiguchi and Ryo Saito in an Open the United Gate Championship number one contenders' match.
Personal life.
Dansereau works as a web specialist for the Canadian federal government.
In other media.
On December 24, 2012, Uno appeared on a new YouTube channel called, "TheNerdSlam". He, along with a group of friends, created the channel, which consists of two different webshows. One called "4-Play" where Uno plays various video games with friends. The other is a food show called "Stu's Kitchen" hosted by Stupefied.

</doc>
<doc id="20187286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187286" title="Hussein al-Husayni">
Hussein al-Husayni

Hussein Bey al-Husayni () (unknown-1918) was mayor of Jerusalem from 1909 to 1917 during Ottoman rule of Palestine.
Born into the prominent Jerusalemite Arab family of al-Husayni, his father Salim al-Husayni, had also served as mayor of the city.
Under Hussein's leadership, the city went through high development because he initiated the paving of roads, which ensured cleaner streets, and started construction of a sewage network project which was partly financed from Jewish communities outside Palestine. In an interview with the Egyptian "Al-Iqdam" newspaper in March 1914, he stressed the distinction between Zionism, which did not threaten Palestine, and the real risk was caused from the Jewish settlers movement, and the subsequent necessity to prevent land sales to Jews. Al-Husayni also served as Director of the Red Crescent Society, established in 1915 and promoted Arab-Jewish understanding. 
He helped foster Muslim, Jewish and Christian cooperation in an attempt to create a "post-Ottoman" alternative. On December 8, 1917, after the Allied Forces led by General Allenby had conquered the city from the Ottomans, al-Husayni formally surrendered Jerusalem to the British Military Administration. He signed an official decree of surrender a few days later, handing the keys of the city gates to Allenby. A couple of weeks after the surrender in January 1918, he died. After a brief term by Aref al-Dajani, Hussein's brother Musa al-Husayni became mayor of Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="20187288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187288" title="Smash Hits (All Star United album)">
Smash Hits (All Star United album)

Smash Hits is a compilation album of Christian rock band All Star United. The album was released in 2000 and featured songs from the band's two previous releases.

</doc>
<doc id="20187295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187295" title="Sejjil">
Sejjil

The Sejil missile (Persian: سجیل, meaning "Baked Clay" (see Surat al-Fil of the Quran)), also known as Sejjil, is a family of Iranian solid-fueled ballistic missiles. The Sejil are replacements for the Shahab liquid-fueled ballistic missiles. According to US Pentagon sources, the missile profile of the Sejil closely matches those of the Ashura (Ghadr-110) and the Samen.
Sejil-1.
The Sejil is a two-stage, solid-propellant, surface-to-surface missile (SSM) produced by Iran with a reported range. A successful test launch took place on November 13, 2008. Its range, if confirmed, would allow it to strike targets as far away as Israel and southeastern Europe, though Iran asserts that it is intended for purely defensive purposes. 
Design.
According to Jane's Information Group, details of the design other than the number of stages and that it uses solid fuel have not been released. Uzi Ruben, former director of Israel's Ballistic Missile Defense Organization, indicated that, "Unlike other Iranian missiles, the Sajil bears no resemblance to any North Korean, Russian, Chinese or Pakistani (missile technology). It demonstrates a significant leap in Iran's missile capabilities." Rubin went on to state that the Sejil-1 " ... places Iran in the realm of multiple-stage missiles, which means that they are on the way to having intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) capabilities ..." 
As a weapon, the Sejil-1 presents much more challenge to Iran's potential enemies, as solid-fuel missiles can be launched with much less notice than liquid-fueled missiles, making them more difficult to strike prior to launch.
Sejil-2.
Sejil-2 is an upgraded version of the Sejil. The Sejil-2 two-stage solid-fuel missile has a 2,000 km range and was first test fired on May 20, 2009. The Sejil-2 surface-to-surface medium-range ballistic missile (MRBM) was first tested eight months prior to the actual test launch, which took place in the central Iranian province of Semnan. Improvements include better navigation system, better targeting system, more payload, longer range, faster lift-off, longer storage time, quicker launch, and lower detection possibility. 
The new missile utilizes composite solid-propellant fuel and unlike the Shahab-3 medium-range ballistic missile (MRBM), which is launched only vertically, the Sejjil could be launched at a variable angle. 
On December 16, 2009,an upgraded version of Sejil-2 was test fired.
This new version of the Sejil-2 is faster during the powered flight portion of its trajectory and also during the re-entry phase.
It is also harder to detect for anti-missile systems, as it is covered with anti-radar material.
The new highly maneuverable missile is also more efficient as it requires less amount of time for prelaunch preparations.
Political commentator Kiyan Nader Mokhtari elaborated more about the features of the new missile.
"The engine and various fuels have been tested and the platform is now highly reliable. The latest tests to be carried out are mainly to do with the variety of warheads that it has to carry," he said.
"Some of the warheads obviously have been designed to be able to evade anti-ballistic missile defenses of the enemy in actual battle conditions," he added.

</doc>
<doc id="20187332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187332" title="Antonio Smith">
Antonio Smith

Antonio Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20187365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187365" title="Dana King">
Dana King

Dana King, born in Cleveland, is an American broadcast journalist who served as an anchor for San Francisco CBS Affiliate KPIX. At the conclusion of the 11:00 p.m. broadcast of the KPIX nightly newscast on December 7, 2012, King announced that she would be leaving KPIX to pursue her passion in sculpting and art.
King won a local Emmy Award for her reporting in Honduras in 1998 and 2000, reporting on the consequences of Hurricane Mitch. King also won an RTNDA Edward R. Murrow Award in March 2005 for her reporting on the tenth anniversary of the Rwandan Genocide. She is also known for her coverage of the conflict in Afghanistan, and the September 11 Attacks.
In the early 1990s, King co-anchored ABC's "Good Morning America Sunday", before moving to CBS's "CBS Morning News" (1994–95) and other CBS News programs.
King is a graduate of Ferris State University.

</doc>
<doc id="20187376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187376" title="Dana M. King">
Dana M. King

Dana M. King was a football coach at University of Cincinnati. 
Prior to coaching at U.C. he was football coach at Hamilton High School.

</doc>
<doc id="20187390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187390" title="Cyril Primmer">
Cyril Primmer

Cyril Graham Primmer (19 April 1924 – 1 November 2003) was an Australian politician. Born in Warrnambool, Victoria, he was educated at state schools before becoming a dairy farmer at Koroit. He served in the military 1943-1945, and was a member of Belfast Shire Council. In 1970, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Victoria. He remained in the Senate until his retirement in 1984. Primmer died in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20187411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187411" title="Van Renesse">
Van Renesse

Van Renesse is an old Dutch aristocratic family that stems from the town of Renesse in Zeeland. 
History.
There is some debate regarding the origin of the family; some historians claim that they are the Renesse family was a branch of the German Sayn dynasty. The family played an important role as lords and guardians of the in Zeeland, the Netherlands. The oldest members of the van Renesse family appeared in the 13th century. In the course of Dutch history, the family played a prominent role. The Walloon branch van Renesse van Elderen and a German branch von Renesse survived until modern times.

</doc>
<doc id="20187427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187427" title="Discovery and development of cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitors">
Discovery and development of cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitors

Cyclooxygenases are enzymes that take part in a complex biosynthetic cascade that results in the conversion of polyunsaturated fatty acids to prostaglandins and thromboxane(s).
Their main role is to catalyze the transformation of arachidonic acid into the intermediate prostaglandin H2, which is the procursor of a variety of prostanoids with diverse and potent biological actions.
Cyclooxygenases have two main isoforms that are called COX-1 and COX-2 (as well as a COX-3). COX-1 is responsible for the synthesis of prostaglandin and thromboxane in many types of cells, including the gastro-intestinal tract and blood platelets. COX-2 plays a major role in prostaglandin biosynthesis in inflammatory cells and in the central nervous system. Prostaglandin synthesis in these sites is a key factor in the development of inflammation and hyperalgesia.
COX-2 inhibitors have analgesic and anti-inflammatory activity by blocking the transformation of arachidonic acid into prostaglandin H2 selectively.
The rise for development of selective COX-2 inhibitors.
The impetus for development of selective COX-2 inhibitors was the adverse gastrointestinal side-effects of NSAIDs. Soon after the discovery of the mechanism of action of NSAIDs, strong indications emerged for alternative forms of COX, but little supporting evidence was found. COX enzyme proved to be difficult to purify and was not sequenced until 1988. It took less than eight years to develop and market the first COX-2 inhibitor, with Celebrex (celecoxib) launched in December 1998 and Vioxx (rofecoxib) launched in May 1999.
Development of COX-2 inhibitors.
Early studies showed that, when inflammation is induced, the affected organ unexpectedly develops an enormous capacity to generate prostaglandins. It was demonstrated that the increase is due to de novo synthesis of fresh enzyme. In 1991, during the investigation of the expression of early-response genes in fibroblasts transformed with Rous sarcoma virus, a novel mRNA transcript that was similar, but not identical, to the seminal COX enzyme was identified. It was suggested that an isoenzyme of COX had been discovered. Another group discovered a novel cDNA species encoding a protein with similar structure to COX-1 while studying phorbol-ester-induced genes in Swiss 3T3 cells. The same laboratory showed that this gene truly expressed a novel COX enzyme. The two enzymes were renamed COX-1, referring to the original enzyme and COX-2.
Building on those results, scientists started focusing on selective COX-2 inhibitors. Enormous effort was spent on the development of NSAIDs between the 1960s and 1980 so there were numerous pharmacophores to test when COX-2 was discovered. Early efforts focused on modification on two lead compounds, DuP-697 and NS-398. These compounds differ greatly from NSAIDs that are arylalkonic acid analogs. Encouraged by the "concept testing" experiments with selective inhibitors, and armed with several solid leads and clear idea of the nature of the binding site, development of this field was rapid. In vitro recombinant enzyme assays provided powerful means for assessing COX selectivity and potency and led to the discovery and clinical development of the first rationally designed COX-2 selective inhibitor, celecoxib. Efforts have been made to convert NSAIDs into selective COX-2 inhibitors such as indometacin by lengthening of the alkylcarboxylic acid side-chain, but none have been marketed.
Structure Activity Relationship (SAR).
DuP-697 was a building-block for synthesis of COX-2 inhibitors and served as the basic chemical model for the coxibs that are the only selective COX-2 inhibitors on the market today. DuP-697 is a diaryl heterocycle with cis-stilbene moiety. Structure activity relationship (SAR) studies for diaryl heterocyclic compounds have indicated that a cis-stilbene moiety and changes in the para-position of one of the aryl rings play an important role in COX-2 selectivity. The oxidation state on the sulfur is important for selectivity; sulfones and sulfonamides are selective for COX-2 but sulfoxides and sulfides are not. The ring system that is fused in this stilbene system has been extensively manipulated to include every imaginable heterocyclic and carbocyclic skeleton of varying ring sizes. It is known that a SO2NHCOCH3 moiety as in parecoxib, which is a prodrug for valdecoxib, is 105 – 106 more reactive acetylating agent of enzyme serine hydroxyl groups than simple amides. Due to the fact that varying kinetic mechanisms affect potency for COX-1 versus COX-2, relying Potency and selectivity in human whole blood is used by many groups and has been accepted as a standard assessment of COX-2 potency and selectivity.
The relationship between amino acid profile of COX-2 enzyme and inhibition mechanism.
One of the keys to developing COX-2 selective drugs is the larger active site of COX-2, which makes it possible to make molecules too large to fit into the COX-1 active site but still able to fit the COX-2. The larger active site of COX-2 is partly due to a polar hydrophilic side-pocket that forms because of substitution of Ile523, His513, and Ile434 in COX-1 by Val523, Arg513, and Val434 in COX-2. Val523 is less bulky than Ile523, which increases the volume of the active site. Substitution of Ile434 for Val434 allows the side-chain of Phe518 to move back and make some extra space. This side-pocket allows for interactions with Arg513, which is a replacement for His513 of COX-1. Arg513 is thought to be a key residue for diaryl heterocycle inhibitors such as the coxibs. The side-chain of Leu384, at the top of the receptor channel, is oriented into the active site of COX-1, but, in COX-2, it is oriented away from the active site and makes more space in the apex of the binding site.
The bulky sulfonamide group in COX-2 inhibitors such as celecoxib and rofecoxib prevent the molecule from entering the COX-1 channel.
For optimal activity and selectivity of the coxibs, a 4-methylsulfonylphenyl attached to an unsaturated (usually) five-membered ring with a vicinal lipophilic group is required (rofecoxib). The SO2CH3 can be replaced by SO2NH2, wherein the lipophilic pocket is occupied by an optionally substituted phenyl ring or a bulky alkoxy substituent (celecoxib). Within the hydrophilic side-pocket of COX-2, the oxygen of the sulfonamide (or sulfone) group interacts with Hist90, Arg513, and Gln192 and forms hydrogen bonds. The substituted phenyl group at the top of the channel interacts with the side-chains of amino acid residues through hydrophobic and electrostatic interactions. Tyr385 makes for some sterical restrictions of this side of the binding site so a small substituent of the phenyl group makes for better binding. Degrees of freedom are also important for the binding. The central ring of the coxibs decides the orientation of the aromatic rings and, therefore, the binding to COX enzyme even though it often has no electrostatic interactions with any of the amino acid residues. The high lipophilicity of the active site does require low polarity of the central scaffold of the coxibs.
Mechanism of binding.
Studies on the binding mechanism of selective COX-2 inhibitors show that they have two reversible steps with both COX-1 and COX-2, but the selectivity for COX-2 is due to another step that is slow and irreversible and is seen only in the inhibition of COX-2, not COX-1. The irreversible step has been attributed to the presence of the sulfonamide (or sulfone) that fits into the side-pocket of COX-2. This has been studied using SC-58125 (an analogue of celecoxib) and mutated COX-2, wherein the valine 523 residue was replaced by isoleucine 523. The irreversible inhibition did not happen, but reversible inhibition was noticed. A model has been made to explain this three-step mechanism behind the inhibitory effects of selective COX-2 inhibitors. The first step accounts for the contact of the inhibitor with the gate of the hydrophobic channel (called the lobby region). The second step could account for the movement of the inhibitor from the lobby region to the active site of the COX enzyme. The last step probably represents repositioning of the inhibitor at the active site, which leads to strong interactions of the phenylsulfonamide or phenylsulfone group of the inhibitor and the amino acids of the side pocket. It is directly inhibition to postaglanding
Pharmacokinetics of coxibs.
The coxibs are widely distributed throughout the body. All of the coxibs achieve sufficient brain concentrations to have a central analgesic effect, and all reduce prostaglandin formation in inflamed joints. All are well absorbed, but peak concentration may differ between the coxibs. The coxibs are highly protein-bound, and the published estimate of half-lives is variable between the coxibs.
Celecoxib.
Celecoxib was the first specific inhibitor of COX-2 approved to treat patients with rheumatism and osteoarthritis. A study showed that the absorption rate, when given orally, is moderate, and peak plasma concentration occurs after about 2–4 hours. However, the extent of absorption is not well known. Celecoxib has the affinity to bind extensively to plasma proteins, especially to plasma albumin. It has an apparent volume of distribution (VD) of 455 +/- 166 L in humans and the area under the plasma concentration-time curve (AUC) increases proportionally to increased oral doses, between 100 and 800 mg. Celecoxib is metabolized primarily by CYP2C9 isoenzyme to carboxylic acid and also by non-CYP-dependent glucuronidation to glucuronide metabolites. The metabolites are excreted in urine and feces, with a small proportion of unchanged drug (2%) in the urine. Its elimination half-life is about 11 hours (6–12 hours) in healthy individuals, but racial differences in drug disposition and pharmacokinetic changes in the elderly have been reported. Patients with chronic renal insufficiency appear to have 43% lower plasma concentration compared to healthy individuals, with a 47% increase in apparent clearance, and it can be expected that patients with mild to moderate hepatic impairment have increased steady-state AUC.
Parecoxib and valdecoxib.
Parecoxib sodium is a water-soluble inactive ester amide prodrug of valdecoxib, a novel second-generation COX-2-specific inhibitor and the first such agent to be developed for injectable use. It is rapidly converted by hepatic enzymatic hydrolysis to the active form valdecoxib. The compound then undergoes another conversion, which involves both cytochrome P450-mediated pathway (CYP2C9, CYP3A4) and non-cytochrome P450-mediated pathway, to hydroxylated metabolite and glucuronide metabolite. The hydroxylated metabolite, that also has weak COX-2-specific inhibitory properties, is then further metabolized by non-cytochrome P450 pathway to a glucuronide metabolite. These metabolites are excreted in the urine.
After intra-muscular administration of Parecoxib sodium peak plasma concentration is reached within 15 minutes. The plasma concentration decreases rapidly after administration because of a rather short serum half-life, which is about 15–52 minutes. This can be explained by the rapid formation of Valdecoxib. In contrast to the rapid clearance of Parecoxib, plasma concentration of Valdecoxib declines slowly because of a longer half-life. On the other hand, when Valdecoxib is taken orally it is absorbed rapidly (1–2 hours), but presence of food can delay peak serum concentration. It then undergoes the same metabolism that is described above. It is extensively protein-bound (98%), and the plasma half-life is about 7–8 hours. Note that the half-life can be significantly prolonged in the elderly or those with hepatic impairment, and can lead to drug accumulation.
The hydroxyl metabolite reaches its highest mean plasma concentration within 3 to 4 hours from administration, but it is considerably lower than of Valdecoxib or about 1/10 of the plasma levels of Valdecoxib.
Etoricoxib.
Etoricoxib, that is used for patients with chronic arthropathies and musculoskeletal and dental pain, is absorbed moderately when given orally. A study on its pharmacokinetics showed that the plasma peak concentration of etoricoxib occurs after approximately 1 hour. It has shown to be extensively bound to plasma albumin (about 90%), and has an apparent volume of distribution (VD) of 120 L in humans. The area under the plasma concentration-time curve (AUC) increases in proportion to increased dosage (5–120 mg). The elimination half-life is about 20 hours in healthy individuals, and such long half-life enables the choice to have once-daily dosage. Etoricoxib, like the other coxibs, is excreted in urine and feces and also metabolized in likewise manner. CYP3A4 is mostly responsible for biotransformation of etoricoxib to carboxylic acid metabolite, but a non CYP450 metabolism pathway to glucuronide metabolite is also at hand. A very small portion of etoricoxib (<1%) is eliminated unchanged in the urine. Patients with chronic renal insufficiency do not appear to have different plasma concentration curve (AUC) compared to healthy individuals. It has though been reported that patients with moderate hepatic impairment have increased plasma concentration curve (AUC) by approximately 40%. It has been stated that further study is necessary to describe precisely the relevance of pharmacokinetic properties in terms of the clinical benefits and risks of etoricoxib compared to other clinical options.
Lumiracoxib.
Lumiracoxib is unique amongst the coxibs in being a weak acid. It was developed for the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and acute pain. The acidic nature of lumiracoxib allows it to penetrate well into areas of inflammation. It has shown to be rapidly and well absorbed, with peak plasma concentration occurring in about 1–3 hours. A study showed that when a subject was given 400 mg dose, the amount of unchanged drug in the plasma 2.5 hours postdose suggest a modest first pass effect. The terminal half-life in plasma ranged from 5.4 to 8.6 hours (mean =6.5 hours). The half-life in synovial fluid is considerably longer than in plasma, and the concentration in synovial fluid 24 hours after administration would be expected to result in a substantial COX-2 inhibition. This fact can explain why some users may suffice with once-daily dosage despite a short plasma half-life. The major plasma metabolites are 5-carboxy, 4’-hydroxy, and 4’-hydroxy-5-carboxy derivatives. Lumiracoxib is extensively metabolized before it is excreted, and the excretion routes are in the urine or feces. Peak plasma concentrations exceed those necessary to maximally inhibit COX-2, and that is consistent with a longer pharmacodynamic half-life. In vitro lumiracoxib has demonstrated a greater COX-2 selectivity than any of the other coxibs.
Rofecoxib.
Rofecoxib was the second selective COX-2 inhibitor to be marketed, and the first one to be taken off the market. When the pharmacokinetics were studied in healthy human subjects, the peak concentration was achieved in 9 hours with effective half-life of approximately 17 hours . A secondary peak has been observed, which might suggest that the absorption of rofecoxib varies with intestinal motility, hence leading to high variability in time until peak concentration is met. Seventy-one and a half percent of the dose was recovered in urine (less than 1% unmetabolised) and 14,2% was recovered in feces (approximately 1,8% in the bile). Among the metabolites were rofecoxib-3’,4’-dihydrodiol, 4’-hydroxyrofecoxib-O-β-D-glucuronide, 5-hydroxyrofecoxib-O-β-D-glucuronide, 5-hydroxyrofecoxib, rofecoxib-erythro-3,4-dihydrohydroxy acid, rofecoxib-threo-3,4-dihydrohydroxy acid, cis-3,4-dihydrorofecoxib and trans-3,4-dihydrorofecoxib.
Cardiovascular events associated with selective COX-2 inhibitors.
Even before the first selective COX-2 inhibitor was marketed, specialists began to suspect that there might be a cardiovascular risk associated with this class of medicines. In the VIGOR study (Vioxx Gastrointestinal Outcomes Research), rofecoxib (Vioxx) was compared to naproxen. After a short time, it became evident that there was a fivefold higher risk of myocardial infarction in the rofecoxib group compared to the group that received naproxen. The authors suggested that the difference was due to the cardioprotective effects of naproxen. The APPROVe (Adenomatous Poly Prevention on Vioxx) study was a multicentre, randomized, placebo-controlled, double blind trial aimed to assess the effect of three-year treatment with rofecoxib on recurrence of neoplastic polyps in individuals with a history of colorectal adenomas. In 2000 and 2001, 2587 patients with a history of colorectal adenomas were recruited and followed. The trial was stopped early (2 months before expected completion) on recommendations of its data safety and monitoring board because of concerns about cardiovascular toxicity. When looking at the results of the study, it showed a statistically significant increase in cardiovascular risk when taking rofecoxib compared to placebo beginning after 18 months of treatment. Then on the 30th of September Merck gave out a news release announcing their voluntary worldwide withdrawal of Vioxx.
Some studies of other coxibs have also shown increase in the risk of cardiovascular events, while others have not. For instance, the Adenoma Prevention with Celecoxib study (APC) showed a dose-related increase in risk of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, stroke, or heart failure when taking celecoxib compared to placebo; and the Successive Celecoxib Efficacy and Safety Study I (SUCCESS-I) showed increased risk of myocardial infarction when taking 100 mg twice a day of celecoxib compared to diclofenac and naproxen; but taking 200 mg twice a day had lower incidence of myocardial infarction compared to diclofenac and naproxen. Nussmeier et al. (2005) showed in a study increase in incidence of cardiovascular events when taking parecoxib and valdecoxib (compared to placebo) after coronary artery bypass surgery.
Possible mechanisms.
It has been proposed that COX-2 selectivity could cause imbalance of prostaglandins in the vasculature. If this were the explanation for the increased cardiovascular risk then low-dose aspirin should negate this effect, which was not the case in the APPROVe trial. Also, the non-selective COX inhibitors, have also shown increase in cardiovascular events.
Another possible explanation was studied by Li H. et al. (2008). They showed that in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) non-selective NSAIDs and the coxibs produce oxidative stress, indicated by enhanced vascular superoxide(O2-) content and elevated peroxide in plasma, which is in tune with enhanced expression of NADPH oxidase, which was noticed with use of diclofenac and naproxen and, to a lesser degree, rofecoxib and celecoxib. Nitrite in plasma was also decreased suggesting a diminished synthesis of vascular nitric oxide (NO). This decrease in NO synthesis did not result from decreased expression of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) because expression of eNOS mRNA was not reduced, and even upregulated for some products. The decrease in NO synthesis could, rather, be explained by loss of eNOS function. For eNOS to be normally functional, it needs to form a dimer and to have its cofactor BH4, which is one of the most potent naturally occurring reducing agents. BH4 is sensitive to oxidation by peroxynitrite (ONOO-), which is produced when NO reacts with O2-, so it has been hypothesized that depletion of BH4 can occur with excessive oxidative stress (that can be caused be NSAIDs) and, hence, be the cause of eNOS dysfunction. This dysfunction, which is referred to as eNOS uncoupling, causes the production of O2- by eNOS, thereby leading to more oxidative stress produced by eNOS. In a study, both the selective COX-2 inhibitors and the non-selective NSAIDs produced oxidative stress, with greater effects seen with non-selective NSAIDs use. This could fit with the hypothesis concerning the prostacyclin/thromboxane imbalance. That is, although the non-selective NSAIDs produce more oxidative stress, they prevent platelet aggregation, whereas the COX-2 inhibitors reduce prostacyclin production, and, hence, the cardiovascular risk for the non-selective NSAIDs is not higher than for the coxibs.
Among other hypotheses are increased blood pressure, decreased production of epi-lipoxins (which have anti-inflammatory effects), and inhibition of vascular remodeling when using selective COX-2 inhibitors.

</doc>
<doc id="20187469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187469" title="Li Ximing">
Li Ximing

Li Ximing (; February 1926 – November 10, 2008) was the Communist Party boss in Beijing during the 1989 crackdown on pro-democracy protests in the capital and across the country.
Li was elected to the 13th Politburo of the Communist Party of China on November 2, 1987 by the 13th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.
Tiananmen Square protests of 1989.
In late April 1989, the official press reported that Li and Beijing mayor Chen Xitong would be willing to consider disclosing their wealth, apparently in response to student claims of corruption by Government officials.
On May 20, 1989, the New China News Agency released an English-language transcript of remarks from Prime Minister Li Peng cited a briefing from Li Ximing in which Li described the situation in Beijing as already "anarchic" and getting worse, with increasing violations of law and order. The briefing stated that the situation had begun to "cool down" before the start of May, in response to "great efforts", but that the turmoil had since revived.
A speech written by Li in May 1989 criticizing the student protests and implicitly criticizing General Secretary of the Communist Party of China Zhao Ziyang (a reformer who sympathized with the demonstrators and was ultimately purged from power) was passed on to mid-level party officials with instructions that it be studied and then passed down to local units. "The New York Times" reported that some of these officials balked at passing the speech to lower levels or did not fully comply with the terms of the request.
Li, along with Chen Xitong, was described as part of a group of conservatives who advocated for a military response to the student protests in Tiananmen Square in 1989, though Li himself did not play a public role in the official crackdown. As reported in the Tiananmen Papers, published in 2001, Li and Chen foreclosed the option of negotiating with the students by describing the protests as an "anti-party and anti-Socialist political struggle". In Beijing, the resulting military actions on the night of June 3–4, 1989 left many civilians dead or injured, with reported tolls ranged from 200–300 (PRC government figures) and to 2,000–3,000 (Chinese student associations and Chinese Red Cross).
After Tiananmen Square.
In October 1992, Li was one of eight officials who submitted resignations to the Politburo of the Communist Party of China as part of a major shakeup in which the majority of the 14 seats on the Politburo were to be replaced. Li was one of a number of hardliners included in the list who was described as having been pushed out.
He was vice chairman of the Standing Committee of the 8th National People's Congress, China's top legislative body, which was in session from 1993 to 1998.
Li died at age 82 on November 10, 2008 in Beijing. A statement released by the Communist Party of China announcing his death described Li as "an outstanding CPC member, a long-tested and loyal Communist fighter and an excellent leader in his work".

</doc>
<doc id="20187470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187470" title="Barrow Area Information Database">
Barrow Area Information Database

Overview.
The Barrow Area Information Database (BAID) is designed to support Arctic science with a special focus on the research hubs of Barrow, Atqasuk and Ivotuk on the North Slope of Alaska. 
The BAID Internet Map Server (BAID-IMS) is freely available to scientists, land managers, educators and the local community. Users can navigate to areas of interest and explore or query information about field-based scientific research. Current and historic research sites are shown as points with links to details about project investigators, discipline, funding program, year, related web sites, site photos and other information. Users can print or export maps for presentations and export tabular information. 
BAID-IMS currently includes the locations of over 7000 research plots and instrument locations. This ongoing effort incorporates both new research locations and sampling sites dating back to the 1940s. BAID-IMS includes satellite imagery and other remote sensing products, topographic maps, land ownership information and local infrastructure that facilitates research and science communication.
History.
The Barrow Area Information Database (BAID) was initiated in June, 2000 as a cooperative project between Michigan State University's Arctic Ecology Laboratory and the Barrow Arctic Science Consortium (BASC). The project had humble beginnings as a Microsoft Access database which was used to centralize information about research plots mapped with BASC's new DGPS system. In 2003, BASC's Digital Subcommittee saw an opportunity to visual the BAID database with Internet Map Server (IMS) technology and commonly requested base maps. The BAID-IMS prototype was soon released. On September 1, 2005 NSF awarded funding for the project to continue through August 30, 2009. 
BAID-IMS currently includes the locations of over 7000 research plots and instrument locations. This ongoing effort incorporates both new research locations and sampling sites dating back to the 1940s.
In order to facilitate the documentation of field research sites in the Barrow area, the University of Texas at El Paso Systems Ecology Laboratory provides Differential GPS support to National Science Foundation researchers during the peak Summer field season (June 1 - August 15.) Support for historical studies and for other agencies working the vicinity of the Barrow Envionmental Observatory also provided.
Capabilities.
BAID-IMS can be used to mine information about research locations, project descriptions, photographs and contact information.
Metadata that meets the standards of the Federal Geographic Data Committee (FGDC) is available (or under development) for many data layers in BAID-IMS. Data that is considered unrestricted can be downloaded at the Arctic System Science (ARCSS) Data Coordination Center (ADCC) at the National Snow and Ice Data Center (NSIDC) located at University of Colorado at Boulder, USA.
BAID-IMS is linked to the Circumarctic Environmental Observatories Network and efforts to develop an Arctic Spatial Data Infrastructure.
Technical details.
BAID-IMS is hosted at the University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP). The application was designed with ESRI's ArcIMS 9.2 software. BAID-IMS currently integrates geospatial data from SDE databases, shapefiles, GeoTiffs and ERDAS Imagine files. Testing is underway to migrate the application to an ArcGIS Server Web Mapping Application. Dell blade server technology is employed to host the IMS application and associated database. Bulk purchases agreements and educational discounts available to UTEP have been leveraged in the acquisition of computer hardware, software, mapping grade GPS units and digital cameras in support of this effort. Support for Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) standards are enhanced with each upgrade to the application. An OGC Web Mapping Service (WMS) and a KML for use in Virtual Globes, such as Google Earth are also planned for release in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20187485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187485" title="Alan Missen">
Alan Missen

Alan Joseph Missen (22 July 192530 March 1986) was an Australian politician.
Early life.
Missen's parents were Clifford Missen, labourer, and Violet (née Bartley). Clifford hailed from Lismore in western Victoria and Violet from Chiltern in northern Victoria. They met in Melbourne where they married in 1920 and settled in the inner eastern Melbourne suburb of Kew. Alan Missen was educated at Kew Primary School, Box Hill High and matriculated from the selective Melbourne High School. He commenced a law degree at the University of Melbourne in 1943 and immediately became active in student politics.
Formation of the Liberal Party of Australia.
When the Liberal Party of Australia was formed by Robert Menzies in 1944, Missen, who lived in Menzies' electorate of Kooyong, became a founding member of the Liberal Party and the Melbourne University Liberal Club. He commented in later years: “What was formed was not a radical party on the model of the British Liberal Party. The members of Parliament constituting its first MPs were the same men who were United Australia Party members immediately before, and they brought with them their conservative ways of thought.” In 1947 he commenced a legal career that was to last for 27 years until his election to Federal Parliament. He established a successful partnership with Roy Schilling and Bill Impey.
Communist Party referendum.
Robert Menzies was elected as the first Liberal Prime Minister of Australia in 1949 on a platform that included outlawing the Communist Party of Australia. In 1951 the Menzies Government called a referendum to provide the Commonwealth with the constitutional power to implement its policy. Alan Missen and a small group of other Liberal Party members opposed the referendum proposal. Missen’s opinion piece in "The Argus" newspaper caused a furore in the Liberal Party. In a scathing critique of the referendum proposal, he poses the following rhetorical question: “Have we so little faith in our ability to defeat Communism in a free encounter that we must employ totalitarian methods against them?” The Liberal Party’s Victorian Division voted to suspend Missen as vice-president of the Young Liberal and Country Movement. The referendum proposal was narrowly defeated, a major setback for the Menzies Government. Missen’s defiant position on the Communist referendum caused him to be overlooked for Liberal preselection for the next two decades. For a more detailed analysis of the Communist Party dissolution debate, see University of Melbourne historical paper.
Marriage.
Alan Missen was engaged to Mollie Anchen, school teacher, in 1962. They met through the Debaters’ Association of Victoria. Missen was the Association’s president from 1958-1960. Former Labor Senator John Button debated against both and rated Missen as very good “but not half as good as Mollie, who was terrifying – really!” The Missens married in 1963.
Political career.
During the period from 1951 until his eventual election to the Senate, Missen was passed over for pre-selection for a Parliamentary seat on several occasions, due in part to his strong position taken on the Communist Party Dissolution Bill. He contented himself with significant activism at a "grass-roots" level, particularly with younger Liberal Party members and adherents. He was elected to the Victorian State Executive and participated energetically in its committee system and also was an early supporter of the quarterly Checkpoint formed in 1969 to stimulate a greater level of policy debate.
Following the defeat of the Liberal Government in 1972, after 23 consecutive years in office, the Liberal Party in Victoria underwent substantial changes. Missen was elected vice-president of the Victorian Division on the same ticket as the party’s new president Peter Hardie. Missen also served as chairman of the Liberal Party’s State Platform Committee, with a mandate to revise the party’s platform for the first time since 1952.
Another Missen ally, Billie Snedden, was elected Federal Opposition Leader following the Liberal Party’s electoral loss in December 1972. In 1973 Missen was elected by the Liberal Party’s Victorian State Executive to a winnable position on the party’s Senate ticket for the following Federal election. Journalist Alan Trengove speculated: “Whether Alan Missen has learned the art of political compromise or whether the Liberal Party has simply come to terms with his brand of liberalism only time will tell.” In 1974, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for Victoria.
On 13 August 1974 he delivered his maiden speech to the Senate. The following year Missen found himself at the centre of the 1975 constitutional crisis. In March 1975 Malcolm Fraser had replaced Billie Snedden as leader of the Liberal Opposition. In October 1975 Fraser moved to defer supply to the Whitlam Government on the basis of the Government’s economic mismanagement. Missen had serious misgivings about denying supply to an elected Government. In a speech to Liberal MPs and Senators on 15 October 1975 he recognised the Senate’s constitutional power to defer or block supply but queried whether the circumstances warranted such a measure. He also raised concerns that the Liberal Party may win a subsequent election but be tainted by the divisive means of obtaining power. While Missen reserved the right to vote according to his conscience he never broke ranks on the floor of the Senate. The crisis ended unexpectedly on 11 November 1975 when the Governor-General dismissed the Prime Minister and issued writs for a double dissolution Federal election. Gerard Henderson has written extensively on the events of 1975 and reflected on Missen's pivotal role.
During the term of the Fraser Government (1975–1983) Missen made his mark as an activist backbencher and champion of the Senate committee process. In 1976 he was elected as chairman of the Senate Standing Committee on Constitutional and Legal Affairs and in 1978 he also took on the chairmanship of the Senate Standing Committee on Regulations and Ordinances. In 1981 he became the founding chairman of the Senate Standing Committee for the Scrutiny of Bills. These roles enabled Missen to focus on his policy priorities – human rights and civil liberties. He also served as chairman of the Amnesty International Australian Parliamentary Group.
During his parliamentary career - most particularly during the term of the Fraser Government - Missen crossed the floor on a remarkable 41 occasions, much to the chagrin of Government ministers and party officials. Reflecting on Missen’s role, Malcolm Fraser commented in 1992: “People often confuse the concept of loyalty. You can be loyal to ideas, beliefs, philosophy and make that pre-eminent and I think that’s probably the most important form of loyalty. Then there’s another kind of loyalty which is one underpinning personal human relationships. Alan’s pre-eminent loyalty was I think to ideas and concepts and I understand that very much because that is the kind of thing that any party leader has to understand.”
When the Liberal Party returned to Opposition in 1983 Missen was among a small and shrinking band of small ‘L’ liberals. Missen found himself increasingly isolated as a new generation of economic reformers took control of the Liberal Party in Victoria and elsewhere across Australia. To compound matters, Missen was a supporter of Andrew Peacock during the mid-1980s when the Liberal Party was divided by leadership tensions between Peacock and John Howard. When Howard replaced Peacock as Liberal leader in 1985 Missen was further alienated. Soon after Howard’s elevation he wrote a paper entitled ‘The Winter of Our Discontent’ about the direction of the Liberal Party. Missen was also seriously unwell. He had long been a diabetic and suffered a heart attack (which was not disclosed publicly) in early 1986.
Death.
Alan Missen suffered a second heart attack and died at home on 30 March 1986. His death was recorded in "The Age" on 31 March 1986, including a tribute from the Prime Minister, Bob Hawke. When the Senate met for the first time after Missen's death on 8 April 1986 a white rose was placed on his vacant desk by his close friend Senator Chris Puplick. Tributes flowed from all sides of the Senate, including heartfelt words from the Labor Attorney-General, Senator Gareth Evans: "He was absolutely, unequivocally and uncompromisingly an idealist – right over at the far, idealistic end of the political spectrum ... There have not been very many like him in Australian politics, and there will not be again". Alan Missen was survived by his wife Mollie, who died 12 October 2008.
Richard Alston was appointed by the Liberal Party to fill the casual vacancy following Alan Missen's death. Justice Michael Kirby delivered the inaugural Alan Missen Memorial Lecture on 10 November 1986 in Melbourne.
Alan Missen Foundation.
The Alan Missen Foundation was established in 1988. The Foundation, in conjunction with Liberty Victoria, holds an annual Alan Missen Oration. For example, see link to Fred Chaney's 2005 oration. The Amnesty International Australian Parliamentary Group also holds an annual Alan Missen Memorial Lecture at Parliament House, Canberra. In 2010 the Accountability Round Table instituted the Alan Missen Award for parliamentary integrity. Alan Missen's entry in the Australian Dictionary of Biography is due to be published in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20187534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187534" title="Roger Salmon">
Roger Salmon

Roger Elliott Salmon (May 11, 1891 to June 17, 1974), was an American professional baseball pitcher who played in with the Philadelphia Athletics of Major League Baseball. He batted and threw left-handed. Salmon had a 1-0 record, with a 9.00 ERA, in two games, in his one year career. 
He was born in Newark, New Jersey and died in Belfast, Maine. Salmon played college baseball at Princeton University.

</doc>
<doc id="20187541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187541" title="Driven media">
Driven media

Driven media (or a Branded vehicle) is the practice of covering or wrapping any vehicle in vibrant, custom-designed vinyl sheets, turning a vehicle into a mobile billboard. The purpose of this is to provide advertising impressions. Popular vehicle choices are the Mini Cooper, Smart ForTwo, Nissan S-Cargo, and Myers Motors NmG.
Effectiveness.
"Outdoor Advertising Magazine" stated that wrapped vehicles have a 97% recall rate and 96% of survey respondents thought mobile advertising was more effective than traditional outdoor advertising. 3M has noted that 91% of the target noticed the text and graphics on these wrapped vehicles with 80% recalling the specific advertisement. The vehicle driver becomes a representative of the brand, spreading the word to the people he comes in contact with through his daily travels, as well as handing out informational packets, brochures, and coupons to spur interest with traceable results.

</doc>
<doc id="20187558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187558" title="Tom Tehan">
Tom Tehan

Thomas Joseph "Tom" Tehan (18 January 1916 – 1 June 1996) was an Australian politician. Born in Kyabram, Victoria, he was educated at the University of Melbourne before becoming a barrister and solicitor. In 1975 he served as leader of the Victorian branch of the National Country Party. Later that year, he was elected to the Australian Senate as an NCP Senator for Victoria. He was defeated in 1977, when he was third on the Liberal-NCP ticket due to the inclusion of former House of Representatives MP David Hamer. Tehan died in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20187582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187582" title="Soul Survivor">
Soul Survivor

Soul Survivor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20187601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187601" title="Theodosius of Skopje">
Theodosius of Skopje

Theodosius of Skopje (, ; 1846–1926) was a controversial religious figure from Macedonia who was a Bulgarian language scholar and translator. He was initially involved in the struggle for an autonomous Bulgarian Church and later in his life he became a member of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences. He is known for his failed attempt to create a separate Macedonian Church as a restoration of the Archbishopric of Ohrid. Theodosius of Skopje is considered a Bulgarian in Bulgaria and an ethnic Macedonian in the Republic of Macedonia.
Biography.
Theodosius of Skopje was born as Vasil Iliev Gologanov (Bulgarian & Macedonian: Васил Илиев Гологанов) in the then Bulgarian populated village of Tarlis (now part of Kato Nevrokopi, Greece) in the Ottoman Empire. His brother Ivan Gologanov was a collector of folk songs, most famous for editing the book Veda Slovena. Vasil studied in the classical Greek gymnasium in Serres. In 1862 Theodosius made a monastic vow and was ordained as a hierodeacon from the Greek Patriarch of Constantinople. Sometime in 1867 he left for Hercegovina, where he worked as a protosingel of Metropolitan Prokopius. After he came back to Bulgarian lands in 1868, Theodosius became a priest in Plovdiv.
When the Bulgarian Exarchate was established in 1870 he joined it, but soon under the pressure from the Greek Patriarch of Constantinople he renounced the Exarchate. However, in 1874 after the Christian population of the bishoprics of Skopje and Ohrid voted overwhelmingly in favour of joining the Exarchate, Theodossius repentеd and the Bulgarian Holy Synod restored him to communion. Between 1874 and 1875 Theodosius was the head of the local Bulgarian Orthodox Church organization in the region of Serres. He was ordained as an archmandrite in 1875 and became an assistant of the Metropolitan of Nish, who at the time was under the jurisdiction of the Bulgarian Exarch. Between 1878 and 1880 Archimandrite Theodosius was in Istanbul and performed the duties of Exarch Joseph I, since the exarch was stuck in Plovdiv after the start of the Russo-Turkish War. 
Theodosius continued to hold high ranking positions within the exarchate and in 1885 he was chosen as a bishop of the episcopacy of Skopje but under the pressure of the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople the Sultan issued official ordinance only in 1890. Meanwhile, in 1887 he met with Kosta Grupchev and Nahum Evrov, agents of Stojan Novakovic, representatives of the so-called 
Association of Serbo-Macedonians. As a result of these meetings during this time, Theodosius came under the influence of the ideas of Macedonism. Afterwards, as a bishop of Skopje, Theodosius renounced de facto again the Bulgarian Exarchate and attempted to restore the Archbishopric of Ohrid and to separate the episcopacies in Macedonia from the Bulgarian Exarchate. His plans were to create a Slav Macedonian Uniat Church with help from Bishop of Rome, but they failed soon and he was fired from the Exarchate in 1892 because of his separatism. According to Simeon Radev, bishop Theodosius' separatism stemmed from his personal hatred of Exarch Joseph I. Most of the Macedonian mainstream specialists on the history of the Macedonian Orthodox Church, consider that the religious separatism of Theodosius represented indeed a form of early Macedonian nationalism.
He was banished from the Exarchate and exiled in a monastery near Sofia. However, later Theodosius repented again and accepted as before a pro-Bulgarian position on the Macedonian Question. As result he was rehabilitated and between 1901 and 1906 served as bishop of the Plovdiv eparchy. Bishop Theodosius also led the short-lived eparchy of Gyumyurdzhina, (Komotini) between 1913 and 1919, when the area was part of Bulgaria. During 1913 he participated on the Christianization of the Pomaks in the Rhodopes, a mission held from the Bulgarian Exarhate and IMORO.
Since 1910 Theodosius Gologanov was a member of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, he wrote articles on religion and translated into Bulgarian some of the works of Virgil, François-René de Chateaubriand, John Milton and others. In one of his articles, published in the newspaper "Mir", he first claimed that the forefather of the Bulgarian National Revival, Saint Paisius of Hilendar had been born in Bansko, Pirin Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="20187606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187606" title="David Burrick">
David Burrick

David Burrick (born June 5, 1984) is a director of business development at AOL. From 2004 to 2006, he served as the Executive Editor of "The Daily Pennsylvanian" and from 2003 to 2004 served as Senior Sports Editor of the newspaper.
Early life.
David Burrick was born at Overlook Hospital in Summit, New Jersey. He grew up in the Short Hills section of Millburn, New Jersey and attended Millburn High School. At Millburn, he served as the school mascot (called The Bear), played for the state-champion fencing team, won a national title in quiz bowl and starred in several of the school’s plays. Burrick appeared in several of those high school shows with Anne Hathaway, also appearing with Hathaway in productions at the Paper Mill Playhouse.
In December 2001, he was accepted early decision to the University of Pennsylvania.
College life.
At Penn, Burrick majored in Urban Studies, where he wrote his senior thesis on a failed attempt to build a stadium for the New York Jets in Manhattan. He also played tenor saxophone for Penn Jazz and was a member of Delta Upsilon fraternity and Sphinx Senior Society.
The Daily Pennsylvanian.
Burrick spent most of his college years working at The Daily Pennsylvanian. In 2002, he joined the staff as a sports reporter. He wrote for the paper for his four years at college, eventually becoming a sports and then editorial columnist. His column, entitled Camp David, was a reference to the 13 years he spent as a camper, counselor and color war general at Tyler Hill Camp.
In 2003, he was elected to the 119th Editorial Board of the newspaper as Senior Sports Editor. The following year, Burrick was elected as Executive Editor, overseeing the business, editorial and professional staffs of the newspaper.
During his tenure as Executive Editor, his staff created one of the first regular blogs in college journalism (called The Buzz), redesigned the graphical look of the newspaper and its Web site and created a Web site for online photo sales. Under his watch, the newspaper won several awards, including the Associated Collegiate Press National Pacemaker Awards, the Society of Professional Journalists Mark of Excellence Award for Best All-Around Daily Student Newspaper, the Columbia Scholastic Press College Gold Newspaper Crown and College Newspaper Business and Advertising Managers (CNBAM) Best Advertising Staff of the Year. In December 2005, Newsweek profiled Burrick for a story on the role of major college newspapers and their editors.
In 2008, Burrick was asked to join the Board of Directors of the newspaper’s alumni association, where he currently serves as president.
CBS College Sports.
After graduating from Penn in 2006, Burrick was hired to work in the research department at CSTV (later renamed the CBS College Sports Network). In 2007, he was named the network’s Senior Researcher. He is the creator of the Daily Buzz podcast, which he has hosted on occasion. He also oversees editorial information and the booking of guests for the network’s studio shows and game production. He works directly with the networks producers and talent, including Greg Amsinger, Adam Zucker, Carter Blackburn, Seth Davis, Steve Lappas, Greg Anthony, Trev Alberts and Tom Lemming.
AOL.
Burrick spent his MBA summer internship working at AOL in the business development group, which was headed by Jared Grusd at the time. He then worked at the company full-time after graduation, working as a senior manager and director in the business development group focusing on strategic partnerships.
Personal.
Burrick currently lives in New York City with his wife, Danielle Rabin. His parents, Karen and Robert, live in Florham Park, New Jersey, and his sister, Lauren, is a graduate of Cornell University. She currently works at JPMorgan Chase.
He attended New York University Stern School of Business, where he received a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree in May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20187622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187622" title="Gladiator (energy drink)">
Gladiator (energy drink)

Gladiator Energy Drink is a lucha libre-themed line of energy drink sodas first released in México in 2008 by The Coca-Cola Company. This product is endorsed by lucha libre stars of Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre like Místico, Perro Aguayo, Jr., Último Guerrero and Dr. Wagner, Jr. In July of the same year, Gladiator Energy Drink is released in Dominican Republic and in 2009 is released in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="20187626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187626" title="Irish Twins">
Irish Twins

Irish Twins is a 2008 film which was written and directed by brothers Rider Strong and Shiloh Strong. The lead roles were performed by Rider and Shiloh. The film also features John Di Maggio, Al Vicente, Devon McGinn, and Chris Solari.
Rider and Shiloh won the DC Shorts Film Festival Best First Time Director Award, and an Action/Cut Special Jury Prize. They also won both the Audience Award and Jury Award for Best Dramatic Short at the Woods Hole Film Festival. 
The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival, and was an official selection of the Los Angeles International Shorts, Edmonton International Film Festival, Ischia Film Festival, The Raindance Film Festival, Ojai Film Festival, Bend Film Festival, Eugene Film Festival, DC Shorts, Woods Hole Film Festival, Denver Film Festival, and the St. Louis International Film Festival.
The film was produced by Toby Wilkins and Jay Chapman. The soundtrack features music by Marwood, The Ebbs, Brian Jonestown Massacre, Q Brothers, Common Rotation and other artists.

</doc>
<doc id="20187641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187641" title="Austin Lewis (politician)">
Austin Lewis (politician)

Austin William Russell Lewis (born 5 December 1932) was an Australian politician. 
Born in Melbourne, he was educated at the University of Melbourne before becoming a solicitor, company director and farmer. On 7 December 1976, he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for Victoria, filling the casual vacancy caused by the death of Liberal Senator Ivor Greenwood. He held the seat until his retirement in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20187724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187724" title="Yangjin Pak">
Yangjin Pak

Yangjin Pak, or Pak Yangjin, is an archaeologist and Professor in the Department of Archaeology at Chungnam National University in Daejeon, South Korea. Pak received his BA degree in Archaeology and Art History in 1984 from Seoul National University and his MA and PhD degrees in Anthropology in 1992 and 1996, respectively, from Harvard University in the United States. At Harvard, Yangjin Pak was one of the last graduate students of Professor Kwang-chih Chang.
Pak has conducted archaeological research on the northern provinces of China and Korean Peninsula. His research interests include Chinese archaeology, especially Bronze Age cultures in the northern frontiers of China; archaeology of northeast China; prehistoric and early historical archaeology of Korea; social complexity; cultural, ethnic, and gender identities; and relation between archaeology and contemporary societies.
Pak was a post-doctoral fellow at Korea Institute, Harvard University in 1995-1996 and a visiting scholar at Institute of Archaeology, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, China, in 2004-2005, and at Cotsen Institute of Archaeology, UCLA, in 2008-2009. He has been a full-time faculty member of Department of Archaeology, Chungnam National University since 1997. Pak also served as Vice President for International Affairs of Chungnam National University in 2005-2007. He has been President of the Society for East Asian Archaeology since 2012. Pak is currently a visiting scholar at Harvard University.

</doc>
<doc id="20187728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187728" title="Swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre freestyle

The men's 100 metre freestyle was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics programme. It was the ninth appearance of the event, which had not been featured only at the 1900 Games. The competition was held on Saturday August 8, 1936 and on Sunday August 9, 1936.
Forty-five swimmers from 23 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in seconds) prior to the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Peter Fick set a new Olympic record in the first heat with 57.6 seconds. In the fifth heat Masaharu Taguchi bettered the Olympic record with 57.5 seconds. Masanori Yusa equalized this record in the second semi-final with 57.5 seconds.
Results.
Heats.
Saturday August 8, 1936: The fastest two in each heat and the next two fastest from across the heats advanced to the semi-finals.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Heat 7
Semifinals.
Saturday August 8, 1936: The fastest three in each semi-final and the fastest fourth-placed from across the heats advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Sunday August 9, 1936:

</doc>
<doc id="20187731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187731" title="Laurence Neal">
Laurence Neal

Laurence William Neal (born 18 July 1947) was an Australian politician. Born at Wangaratta, Victoria, he was educated at La Trobe University in Melbourne before becoming a teacher and private tutor. On 11 March 1980, he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a National Country Senator for Victoria, filling the vacancy caused by the resignation of Senator James Webster. He contested the election later that year but was defeated, his term expiring in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20187733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187733" title="VAQ-134">
VAQ-134

Electronic Attack Squadron (VAQ-134), also known as the "Garudas", is a United States Navy EA-6B Prowler squadron based at Naval Air Station Whidbey Island. VAQ-134 is assigned to Carrier Air Wing 8 aboard the USS George H.W. Bush.
Squadron History.
Electronic Attack Squadron (VAQ-134) was originally established on June 7, 1969 at Naval Air Station Alameda, California, flying the EKA-3B Skywarriors. After two years of being commissioned, VAQ-134 stood down in July 1971 and moved to its current homeport, NAS Whidbey Island. In 1972, the "Garudas" received the EA-6B Prowler and became the Navy's third operational Prowler squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="20187761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187761" title="Lenny Kravitz videography">
Lenny Kravitz videography


</doc>
<doc id="20187814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187814" title="Al Severinsen">
Al Severinsen

Albert Henry Severinsen (born November 9, 1944 in Brooklyn, New York), is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Baltimore Orioles and in and with the San Diego Padres. He batted and threw right-handed. Severinsen had a 3–7 record, with a 3.08 ERA, in 88 games, in his three-year career. He was signed by the Chicago Cubs as an amateur free agent in . He attended Wagner College.

</doc>
<doc id="20187816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187816" title="Debrisol">
Debrisol

Debrisol is a medication containing the proteolytic enzyme trypsin, to dissolve dead tissue and pus in wounds in horses, cattle, dogs and cats. It is supplied in an aerosol.

</doc>
<doc id="20187821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187821" title="William Laird Clowes">
William Laird Clowes

Sir William Laird Clowes (1 February 1856 – 14 August 1905) was a British journalist and historian whose principal work was "The Royal Navy, A History from the Earliest Times to 1900", a text that is still in print. He also wrote numerous technical pieces on naval technology and strategy and was also noted for his articles concerning racial politics in the Southern United States. Despite having trained as a lawyer, Clowes had always preferred literature and writing, publishing his first work in 1876 and becoming a full-time journalist in 1879. For the services rendered in his career, Clowes was knighted, awarded the gold medal of the United States Naval Institute and given a civil list pension. He died in Sussex in 1905 after years of ill-health.
Life.
Born in 1856 in Hampstead, Clowes was educated at Aldenham School and studied law at King's College London and Lincoln's Inn. In 1876 his first work, a poetic Egyptian love story named "Meroë" was published and in 1879 he left the law to become a journalist, training outside London but returning in 1882 with his new wife Ethel Mary Louise. Clowes first job was with the "Army and Navy Gazette", at which he rapidly learned about the British military, in particular the Royal Navy. Writing under the pseudonym "Nauticus", Clowes covered the Royal Navy's manouveres in home waters for several newspapers and became an established authority on naval tactics and technology, publishing articles on gunnery, torpedoes and other naval issues of the time. An article written in 1893 has been credited with affecting the naval estimates of that year, the standard by which the relative power of navies was assessed. His 1894 novel, "The Captain of the Mary Rose" described a fictional modern naval war between Britain and France.
In his professional career, Clowes took a keen interest in the United States and travelled there many times, beginning in 1890, when he made an extensive study of race relations in the Southern States. Clowes' articles appeared in "The Times" entitled "Black America: a Study of the ex-Slave and his Master", and described the segregation then in place in the region, predicting that it could one day erupt in a civil war. He also worked on the European continent, writing or translating articles in French and German. He spent much time as a contributor and editor of encyclopedias, principally on naval issues and was editor of the "Naval Pocket Book" for some years. He also promoted the publication of inexpensive paperbacks.
In 1897, Clowes gave up his journalistic career to focus on naval history, spending the next six years compiling his best known work, "The Royal Navy, A History from the Earliest Times to 1900". This publication was well received at the time and remains a standard reference text and in print. During the last years of his life he was also a contributor to Traill and Mann's six-volume series "Social England" and author of "Four Modern Naval Campaigns" (1902). Much of his research into naval history was carried out abroad, especially in Davos, Switzerland, due to repreated bouts of ill-health. For his services to journalism and naval history, he was made a Knight Bachelor in 1902, given a civil list pension of £150, invited to join the Institute of Naval Architects and the Royal United Service Institution and presented with the gold medal of the United States Naval Institute. He also became a Fellow of King's College London. He died in August 1905 at his home in St Leonards, East Sussex, leaving his wife and their son Geoffrey. Lady Clowes was awarded a pension of £100 some months later.

</doc>
<doc id="20187826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187826" title="The Diary of a Chambermaid">
The Diary of a Chambermaid

The Diary of a Chambermaid may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20187831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187831" title="Balerno railway station">
Balerno railway station

Balerno railway station served Balerno in the Scottish city of Edinburgh. Services were provided by the Caledonian Railway using the Balerno Loop.
History.
Opened by the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923, and that company ran the last train to use the station. However the line passed on the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, to be then closed officially by the British Railways Board.
The site today.
The station master's house remains standing, in the site which has been landscaped as part of a garden. [http://www.railbrit.co.uk/Balerno_Loop/frame.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20187873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187873" title="Live at the Copa (Bobby Vinton album)">
Live at the Copa (Bobby Vinton album)

Live at the Copa was Bobby Vinton's first live album, released in 1966. It is a recording of a performance that Vinton made at the Copacabana in New York with the Dixieland band of the Village Stompers and the Joe Mele Orchestra. In the "Old MacDonald Medley", Vinton plays different instruments rather than sing. This performance demonstrates Vinton's range as a well-rounded performer rather than just a ballad singer.

</doc>
<doc id="20187893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187893" title="The Bottler">
The Bottler

The Bottler (died 1908) was the pseudonym of an Egyptian-born American gambler and underworld figure in New York. He ran a highly popular stuss parlor in the Five Points district during the early 20th century, one which was considered the most successful in the East Side, until his death when he confronted Kid Twist and the Eastman Gang from taking over his gambling establishment. It was his death, according to gangland lore, that resulted in the murder of Kid Twist and his bodyguard Cyclone Louie by Louie the Lump in 1908.
Biography.
Little is known of his life prior to his arrival in New York, except only that he was of Egyptian origin, and was described as ""round, inoffensive, well-dressed and affable"". He soon gained a reputation as a "money maker" in the underworld, specifically for his clever methods for cheating, and began building up a successful illegal gambling empire based around his "Glonconda" stuss parlor on Suffolk Street. The Bottler's success soon attracted Kid Twist, then leader of the Eastman Gang, who took advantage of The Bottler's affiliation with the rival Five Points Gang and sought to take over his operation by forcing The Bottler to take on Kid Dahl as his partner. Unsure that the Five Pointers could protect him, especially in the midst of their gang war with the Eastmans, The Bottler was forced to agree to Kid Twist's terms. He and Kid Dahl split the profits equally for six weeks until Kid Dahl brought in "The Nailer" and ordered The Bottler to leave. Although he considered going to the police, The Bottler decided against it and instead barred his doors to Dahl and sent word to the Five Pointers in preparation to make a stand against the Eastmans.
At this time, a police detective from Central Office was tracking down a lush worker when he stumbled upon the scene between the desperate gambler and Kid Dahl both brandishing firearms at each other. The detective managed to relieve both men of their weapons and took them into custody whereupon he marched them both to the local police precinct where the two were charged with disturbance of the peace. Both were tried and Kid Dahl, who repeatedly threatened the life of The Bottler, was fined $5 and released. It was soon after this incident that Kid Dahl allegedly began planning the murder of The Bottler. A few days later, while The Bottler was at his place, a stranger entered the stuss parlor, shot him in the chest twice and left. Despite there being at least twenty people in the room at the time of the shooting, the resort was empty by the time police arrived. Both shots had struck The Bottler's heart and he had died at the scene. An inquest was held, however with Kid Twist being at the Delancy station house arguing over the release of an Eastman member and Kid Dahl seen arguing with the owner of a Houston Street restaurant, both men were released due to lack of evidence. Some time after that, a young member of the Five Points Gang known as Louie the Lump ambushed Kid Twist and his bodyguard Cyclone Louie at a Coney Island dance hall and gunned down the two men. The argument had been over a showgirl, Carroll Terry, however it was widely speculated that this had been the Five Pointers retribution for The Bottler's murder.
The Bottler was portrayed in the 1999 historical novel "Dreamland" by Kevin Baker.

</doc>
<doc id="20187897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187897" title="Guo (disambiguation)">
Guo (disambiguation)

Guo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20187904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187904" title="Emotional tyranny">
Emotional tyranny

Emotional Tyranny is a phrase first used by Dr. Vincent Waldron, professor of Communication Studies at Arizona State University, to describe the use of emotion by powerful organizational members in a manner that is perceived to be destructive, controlling, unjust, and even cruel.
Waldron first mentioned "emotional tyranny" in Stephen Fineman's 2000 book, "Emotions in Organizations". In his chapter, Waldron argues that emotions people experience in the workplace are relational. That is, organizational relationships are unique to others, and the work place provides an interesting context in which we can experience emotions. Further, relationships in organizations are created, maintained, and changed with and through emotions. Waldron conducted interviews with and observations of probation officers, staff at a bank, service workers, state employees, those living with AIDS, human service organizations serving unemployed persons, and his own experiences at the university. He found that "it is the nature of work relationships, not the nature of the task itself, that creates the highest potential for intense emotional experience, including emotional abuse."
What emotional tyranny looks like.
"Nonverbally", emotional tyranny is practiced through the intensity, duration, and intermittence of emotional displays. For example, "an emotionally-abusive boss may express emotions at great volume, for unusually long periods of time, in unpredictable bursts and ever-changing hues." 
"Emotional language" is used to suggest perceived shortcomings in the moral character of workers or to “motivate desired behavioral responses." Benign or otherwise positive language in other contexts are now used to harm. In his research, Waldron found workers have been described as “too eager and excited,” “shameless,” “emotionally undercarbonated”, “grumpy,” “wimpy,” “fearless,” “lacking personal pride,” “explosive,” and as having a “chip on her shoulder.”
"Tactics". Powerful people design communication that elicits or changes emotional responses (false concern or faking, vanquishing emotions from work, emotional blackmail). Waldron give an example in which many tactics were employed:
"At my university, the implementation of a complicated new computer system was by all accounts badly bungled. One unfortunate result was that some (largely low-level) employees received reduced paychecks, or none at all, for several pay cycles. Employees expressed concern, then alarm, then frustration, then anger, and finally burning resentment as their plight went unacknowledged by leaders. After remaining mute about the problem for weeks (dismissing the emotional urgency expressed by employees and many of their supervisors), the President’s office finally responded by blaming the contractor and the human resources department ("deflecting"), claiming that the administration has been highly concerned all along ("appropriation" of employee emotion), and arguing that the administration had “no choice” but to implement the computer change because the old system was defunct and essentially in danger of self-destructing. This last tactic seemed designed to cultivate "sympathy" for the beleaguered administration. At the same time, administrative rhetoric implied that employees were selfish to complain about their personal losses in light of the organization’s eminent destruction at the hands of a decrepit computer. Not surprisingly, this "shaming" tactic was met by considerable indignation at what appeared to be emotional manipulation."
"Processes and culture." The powerful manipulate procedures, structures, and behavior sequences to manipulate emotions.
This may involve processes like sales rallies and training meanings in which workplace values are introduced, reinforced, and normalized. Concerning culture, it is the powerful who communicate the values, prescriptions, and understanding that give meaning to emotional experiences. Workplace culture is shaped when "leaders indicate the emotions they expect from members (e.g., enthusiasm for innovation), the emotional connections they condone or prohibit (e.g., rules on employee romance), and the emotional tenor pervading whole spheres of organizational life ('get serious about safety' or 'we work hard and play hard')." 
Ultimately, Waldron argues that superiors (managers, bosses, supervisors)engage in emotional tyranny by controlling and manipulating the emotions of others. Powerful people can manipulate resources, relationships, whole organizations and even family and friends who are only indirectly related to the workplace. Emotional tyranny, like workplace bullying, has potentially devastating effects. "Fear, frustration, and rage, often appear in narratives about supervisory abuses of power. Hopeless despair or burning indignation may be the emotional reaction to repeated and persistent misuses of power." What's worse, Waldron argues that when emotional manipulation is the norm, relationships with powerful others become less authentic, more guarded, ethically compromised, and anxiety ridden. Waldron contends that powerful people should feel more responsibility to engage in responsible emotional behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="20187906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187906" title="LT&amp;SR 49 Class">
LT&amp;SR 49 Class

The LT&SR 49 class was a class of 0-6-0 steam locomotives. They were the only tender engines used by the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway. They were originally ordered by the Ottoman Railway in Turkey, however that order was cancelled after they had been built and instead they were sold to the LT&SR in 1898. The LT&SR numbered them 49 and 50.
Both passed to the Midland Railway when it merged the LT&SR in 1912. The Midland renumbered them 2898–2899 and gave them the power classification 2F. The Midland fitted them with Belpaire firebox boilers, plus some standard fittings. Both passed into LMS ownership in 1923, and they initially retained their numbers.
In 1935, number 2899 was renumbered with the addition of 20000 to 22899; 2898 having been withdrawn in 1933. Number 22899 was withdrawn in 1936. Neither was preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20187907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187907" title="Beach House on the Moon">
Beach House on the Moon

Beach House on the Moon is the 24th studio album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett and was released in May 1999. It is his second and last studio album released on Island Records and the last release of Margaritaville Records. It reached #8 on the Billboard 200 chart.
Songs.
The song "Math Suks" caused a brief media frenzy over Jimmy Buffett's seeming disdain for math education.

</doc>
<doc id="20187909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187909" title="Cavitation (bone)">
Cavitation (bone)

Cavitations are an area of dead bone caused by a dearth of blood flow to that part of the bone. A cavitation is a hole in the blood vessel that cannot be visually detected with the naked eye. Jawbone cavitations, also called neuralgia inducing osteonecrosis (NICO), are extraction sites in the tooth that have not healed.

</doc>
<doc id="20187938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187938" title="Christmas Mountain">
Christmas Mountain

Christmas Mountain: The Story of a Cowboy Angel is a 1981 western film about the true meaning of the Christmas spirit. Starring Mark Miller of "Savannah Smiles" and Slim Pickens in one of his final roles, the film was originally produced and released in 1981. The original 16MM master was then lost for 20 years. Jack Evans, a partner and financier of the original film, eventually regained possession of the master. It was digitally remastered by Victory Studios of Los Angeles in 2008, and is now available on DVD.
A "New York Times" review of the original release said, "This heartwarming Christmas tale contains a western twist as it tells the tale of a heavenly cowpoke who rides down to earth to ride herd on a few people in need of some miracles."

</doc>
<doc id="20187993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187993" title="Haqqani">
Haqqani

Haqqani or Haqani may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20187995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20187995" title="Worms family">
Worms family

The Worms family is a family from Frankfurt and England, tracing its descent from Aaron Worms of Frankfurt am Main in the middle of the eighteenth century. Aaron's great-great-grandson was created hereditary baron of the Austrian empire on April 23, 1871, and a later descendant, Baron Henry de Worms, was raised to the British peerage as Lord Pirbright.

</doc>
<doc id="20188011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188011" title="Eagle Peak (New Mexico)">
Eagle Peak (New Mexico)

Eagle Peak is a mountain in western New Mexico, near the town of Reserve. The summit is the highest point in the Tularosa Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="20188022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188022" title="Alberto Conrad">
Alberto Conrad

Alberto Conrad Machuca (born March 26, 1910) is a Bolivian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was the first ever Olympic competitor for Bolivia and the Bolivian flag bearer at the Berlin Games.
At the swimming competitions he was eliminated in the first round of the 100 metre freestyle event.

</doc>
<doc id="20188032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188032" title="Hudson Middle School">
Hudson Middle School

B G Hudson Middle School is a private middle school located in Sachse, Texas (USA). Hudson Middle School enrolls students in grades 6-8 and is a part of the Garland Independent School District.
In 2009, the school was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Statistics (per 2012).
The attendance rate for students at the school is 96%, compared with a state average of 96%. 43.4% of the students at Hudson are economically disadvantaged, 10.5% enrol in special education, 4.5% enroll in gifted and talent programs, 26.9% are enrolled in career and technology programs, and 7.7% are considered "limited English proficient."
The ethnic makeup of the school is 35.9% White, non-Hispanic, 38.1% Hispanic, 11.7% African American, 10.7% Asian/Pacific Islander, and 1% Native American.
The average class sizes at Hudson are 21 students for English, 25 for foreign language, 24 for math, 28 for science, and 28 for social studies.
Teachers at the school carry, on average, 10.7 years of teaching experience and 1.4% of the teachers on staff are first-year teachers.
Feeder patterns.
Garland ISD is a Free Choice school district, which allows the parent to choose which school his or her children want to attend within the district.

</doc>
<doc id="20188042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188042" title="Trimecaine">
Trimecaine

Trimecaine (systematic name "(2,4,6-trimethylphenylcarbamoylmethyl)diethylammonium chloride", chemical formula C15H25ClN2O) is an organic compound used as a local anesthetic and cardial antiarrhythmic. It is white crystalline powder readily soluble in water and ethanol. It is an active ingredient in products available under trademarks Mesdicain, Mesocain, Mesokain and others.
History.
Trimecaine is probably a Czech discovery (in light of complex pharmacological and clinical evaluation and practical deployment) although its preparation has been published by Löfgren in 1946.
Action mechanism, pharmacokinetics.
Like other local anesthetics belonging in the amide group trimecaine decreases the cell membrane permeability, causes depolarization and shortens the action potential. Anesthetic effect starts in 15 minutes and remains 60–90 minutes. Its biological half-life is ca. 90 minutes. 10% of trimecaine is excreted unchanged (90% as its metabolites). It passes through the hematoencephalic and placental barriers.
Indication.
Trimecaine has two main application fields. The first one is local anesthesia (topical, infiltrational, topical mucosal and inhalational, spinal and Bier's intravenous). It is used in concentrations 0.4 up to 4%, in some cases (e.g. in stomatology) in mixtures with adrenaline. The other field is prophylaxis and therapy of ventriculous arrhytmia on myocardial infarction and in cardiosurgery. It is used also for prophylaxis of sympathic reaction during tracheal intubations.
Contraindication.
Trimecaine must not be used at hypersensitivity on amide anesthetics, hypervolemia, hypotension, cardial conduction defects, asystole, cardiogenic shock and malignant hyperthermia in anamnesis.
Adverse effects.
Rarely allergical reactions may occur (from dermal or mucosal symptoms to anaphylactic shock). At overdosing a toxical reaction arises - excitation, agitation, dishevelment, visual defects, buzzing in ears, muscle thrill to tremor, in more severe cases somnolence, hyporeflexia, breathing defects to apnea, convulsions.

</doc>
<doc id="20188047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188047" title="KWPM">
KWPM

KWPM (1450 AM, "Ozarks Regional News Talk Radio") is a radio station licensed to serve West Plains, Missouri. The station was created in 1947 by Robert Neathery. KWPM signed on for the first time on July 15, 1947. KWPM is now owned by Central Ozark Radio Network, Inc. and airs a news-talk format.
KWPM's signal is repeated by KUKU (1330 kHz) in Willow Springs, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="20188050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188050" title="Bachtyar Ali">
Bachtyar Ali

"This article is about the Kurdish writer. For the Indonesian professor and ambassador, see Bachtiar Aly."
Bachtyar Ali Muhammed, also spelled as Bakhtiyar Ali or Bakhtyar Ali, (Kurdish: Bextyar Elî -بەختیار عەلی) Ali was born in the city of Slemani (also spelt as Sulaimani or Sulaymaniy), in Iraqi Kurdistan (also referred to as southern Kurdistan) in 1960. He is a Kurdish novelist and intellectual. He is also a prolific literary critic, essayist and poet. Ali started out as a poet and essayist, but has established himself as an influential novelist from the mid-1990s. He has published six novels, several poetry collections as well as essay books. He has been living in Germany since the mid-1990s (Frankfurt, Cologne and most recently Bonn). In his academic essays, he has dealt with various subjects, such as the 1988 Saddam-era Anfal genocide campaign, the relationship between the power and intellectuals and other philosophical issues. He often employs western philosophical concepts to interpret an issue in Kurdish society, but often modifies or adapts them to his context.
Education.
Ali finished his pre-university education in Slemani: Shaykh Salam primary school, Azmar secondary school and Halkawt preparatory school. He started studying Geology at the University of Sulaimani, and later Salah al-Din University in Arbil (Kurdish, Hawler:هەولێر), another Kurdish city, currently the capital of the Kurdistan Region. In 1983 he participated in a protest rally against Saddam's Ba'th Party, where he was wounded after protestors were shot at. In the same year he quit his studies due to political reasons. Ali speaks German, Arabic, Persian, and has a working knowledge of English.
Writing career.
Based on interviews with the writer, he wrote his first prominent piece of writing in 1983, a long poem called Nishtiman "The Homeland" (Kurdish; نیشتمان). His first article, entitled "In the margin of silence; la parawezi bedangi da" in Pashkoy Iraq newspaper in 1989. But he only truly came to prominence and started to publish and hold seminars after the 1991 uprising against the Iraqi government, as the Kurds started to establish a de facto semi-autonomous region in parts of Iraqi Kurdistan and enjoy a degree of freedom of speech. He could not have published most of his work before 1991 because of strict political censorship under Saddam. Along with several other writers of his generation - most notably Mariwan Wirya Qani, Rebin Hardi and Sherzad Hasan - they started a new intellectual movement in Kurdistan, mainly through holding seminars. The same group in 1991 started publishing a philosophical journal - Azadi "Freedom" -, of which only five issues were published, and then Rahand "Dimension" [Kurdish:رەهەند. (www.rahand.com).
In 1992, he published his first book, a poetry collection entitled Gunah w Karnaval "Sin and the Carnival" و کەڕنەڤال. It contained several long poems, some which were written in the late 1980s. Prominent Kurdish poet Sherko Bekas immediately hailed him as a new powerful voice. His first novel, Margi Taqanay Dwam "The death of the second only child" تاقانەی دووەم, was published in 1997, the first draft of which was written in the late 1980s.
Novels.
His novels can be categorized under the magic realism genre.

</doc>
<doc id="20188055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188055" title="Castillo de Teayo (Mesoamerican site)">
Castillo de Teayo (Mesoamerican site)

Castillo de Teayo is a mesoamerican Prehispanic archeological site and Mesoamerican pyramid, located in the La Huasteca region in northern Veracruz, Mexico. The main access to the site is via Federal Highway 130 México-Tuxpan up to the city of Teayo, it belongs to the Huastec culture and it is estimated it was inhabited between the 10th and 12th centuries. 
In the modern era the contemporary settlement of Castillo de Teayo developed around the ancient pyramid that the settlement and its municipality of Castillo de Teayo were named after.
In the Tuxpan Canvas, this place is represented by the Teayotlán glyph. According to one version, the name etymology comes from the Huastec language word teayo o teayoc, which means “on the stone turtle”. 
Another official version of the name is that it comes from the Nahuatl word Teayok, Te-ayo-k “Turtle on stone”. The site received its current name because there is a temple or archaeological monument in the municipality, as the only remaining vestige of a large ancient city, a mixture of the Olmec and Huastec cultures. It used to be called Tzapotlán.
Site History.
This site was home of one of the ancient Huastec cities. Its occupation periods are calculated from the 10th to the 12th centuries, and during the late postclassical period, it developed a strong Mexica influence. In the Center of the town is a pyramidal shaped building that preserves part of its entire structure, with a stairway and a structure that crowned the building, probably a temple, and it is one of the few buildings of this type remaining in the mesoamerican area. In the small site museum are kept sculptures found in the surrounding area, whose stylistic features depict phallic worship, very common in some cultural regions. More information is available in the small site museum which contains sculptures found during excavations of the city. Some of the sculptures were found in the area, characterized a cult-like phallic style, very popular in some ancient cultures.
This site combines various cultural traditions, first the Huastec (10th to 12th centuries), and the Aztec, in the late Postclassical. According to specialists, the architecture of the only remaining building is of Aztec filiation, although the village also had relationships with Toltec groups from the Mexican Plateau. 
The Olmec-vixtoti Culture became the cuexteca or Huastec culture. In relation to the Maya and Toltec societies, there was an important influence on the site sculptures. However, there is another version that says that the sculptural style corresponds to a Toltec occupation. 
The Huastec culture developed south of the current states of Tamaulipas, north of Veracruz, east of San Luis Potosí and small areas of the states of Puebla, Querétaro and Hidalgo. Although this geographic-cultural regionalization has not been stable thru time, Teayo Castle is included in this region.
Structure - Castillo de Teayo.
The Castillo de Teayo is a prehispanic pyramid of Toltec origin; its architectural and stylistic features reveal the influence of Huastec and Mexica cultures. The Castillo de Teayo is situated in a Valley, in the center of town and consists of three bodies, slightly inclined, separated by a landing. Its plant is square with sides of about 24 meters and height is more than 11 meters.
As an ornamental feature it has a small flat molding, which runs all around its perimeter, at 1.40 meters high. Surrounding it were several sculptures of different size and style, which are currently at the Museum, along with other pieces from the site excavations.
Site Museum.
INAH informs that a site museum exists located at Pyramid Plaza w/o number. Downtown, Zip Code 92940, Castillo de Teayo, Veracruz.
The cultural heritage comprises prehispanic objects from the Veracruz northern region, mainly Castillo de Teayo archeological site. Mostly it's stone sculptures with representations of gods, animals and human figures.
During the visit more information is available over the ancient site inhabitants, their origin and history, as well as details of the exhibited articles.
Archaeological Site Castillo de Teayo shows severe damages.
The humidity has damaged the stucco and the archaeological jewel walls. 
The prehispanic Toltec pyramid with influence from the Huastec and Mexica cultures from the 15th century displays serious damages as a result of the neglect on the part of the National Institute of Anthropology and History. Municipality inhabitants are unhappy to see how the central pyramid and the ceremonial temple as the most archaeological asset in this area are affected by the lack of palm roofing which has failed to protect the priceless archaeological structure from water and moisture.

</doc>
<doc id="20188060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188060" title="Lulu's Album">
Lulu's Album

"Lulu's Album" (US title "It's Lulu") is an album by British pop singer Lulu, released in 1969. Despite promotion from her TV show, "Lulu Comes to Town" and recently winning the "Eurovision Song Contest" (although the winning song was not included), this album failed to chart. It was her last album with producer Mickie Most, who had guided her career successfully through the late 1960s. "Lulu's Album" contained an array of cover versions from recent pop and rock hits, which was common practice for many female artists at this point. Following this, Lulu was to change musical style for the next few years to a more credible and mature approach.
"Lulu's Album" was issued in the US (Epic) the following year as "It's Lulu" and again in 1972 as "The Most of Lulu Volume 2". It has since been released on compact disc.

</doc>
<doc id="20188061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188061" title="Cyclomethycaine">
Cyclomethycaine

Cyclomethycaine is a local anesthetic.

</doc>
<doc id="20188067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188067" title="Ryan Bader">
Ryan Bader

Ryan DuWayne Bader (born June 7, 1983) is an American mixed martial artist. He was a cast member and winner of Spike TV's "". As of February 17, 2014, he is #9 in official UFC light heavyweight rankings and ranked the #8 light heavyweight in the world by Sherdog.
Early life.
Ryan Bader was born in Reno, Nevada. He entered mixed martial arts after a successful career in amateur wrestling. 
He attended Robert McQueen High School where he won two state championships and was ranked as high as 4th in the country for wrestling.
He attended Arizona State University where he was college teammates with current UFC Heavyweight Champion Cain Velasquez and CB Dollaway. While attending ASU, Bader was a three-time Pac 10 Champion winning titles in 2003, 2004, and 2006. He was also a two-time All-American, placing 4th in 2004 as a sophomore and 7th in 2006 as a senior. 
He began training at Arizona Combat Sports in early 2007.
"The Ultimate Fighter".
Bader's UFC career began as a contestant on of "The Ultimate Fighter". Bader, the first light heavyweight selected by coach Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira, went on to win his first 3 fights on the show to fight with Vinicius Magalhães on December 13, 2008 at .
At the finale, Bader defeated Magalhães by way of a quick, first-round knockout, earning the title of "The Ultimate Fighter" and winning the traditional "six-figure UFC contract". An overhand right dropped Magalhães, and Bader followed up with strikes on the ground to take the win less than halfway through the first frame.
Ultimate Fighting Championship 2009-2011.
Bader's first post-TUF fight was at UFC Fight Night 18 against Carmelo Marrero, whom he defeated via a clear cut unanimous decision (30-27, 30-27, 30-27). During the match, Bader tore his medial collateral ligament and posterior cruciate ligament, which kept him sidelined until the next fall.
Shortly after the Marrero fight, Bader appeared alongside fellow "Ultimate Fighter 8" winner Efrain Escudero in the UFC's sixth video game, UFC 2009 Undisputed. He and Escudero were available through special code obtained by pre-ordering the game from Gamestop. On September 10, 2009, he and Escudero were made available for download on PlayStation Network and Xbox 360 Marketplace.
Bader returned against Eric Schafer on October 24, 2009, at UFC 104. The fight was mainly dominated by Bader, who scored with a powerful attack of combinations standing and controlled the grappling, en route a unanimous decision victory (29–26, 30–27 and 30–27).
Next for Bader was Keith Jardine, who he fought on February 21, 2010 at the UFC's debut effort in Australia, UFC 110. Bader scored a sharp jab on the tiring Jardine, which set up a flying knee to the chest and a left hook at 2:10 of the third round to secure a KO victory for Bader.
Along with Jesse Forbes, CB Dollaway, Eric Larkin and Aaron Simpson, Bader left Arizona Combat Sports to train at their newly opened gym Power MMA And Fitness.
Bader moved his UFC record to 5-0 at the expense of Antonio Rogerio Nogueira at UFC 119, controlling him most of the fight with his wrestling and using his jab and short combinations to stop much of Nogueira's offense. All three judges scored the fight 30–27 for Bader.
First MMA losses 2011-Present.
Four months after his victory over Nogueira, Bader fought fellow rising prospect Jon Jones on February 5, 2011, at UFC 126, where he received the first loss of his MMA career after tapping out to a modified guillotine choke in the second round.
Bader lost to Tito Ortiz on July 2, 2011 at UFC 132 by an arm-in guillotine choke which Ortiz secured following a knockdown of Bader.
Bader then faced Jason Brilz on November 19, 2011 at UFC 139. He defeated Brilz at 1:17 of the first round via KO, landing a straight right behind Brilz's ear causing him to immediately fall to the mat face-first.
Bader next faced former Light Heavyweight champion Quinton Jackson on February 26, 2012 at UFC 144. Jackson weighed in over the Light Heavyweight weight allowance of 206 lbs by 5 lbs, weighing in at 211 lbs. Bader accepted the fight at a catchweight and received 20% of Jackson's purse. Bader won the fight via unanimous decision (30-27, 30-27, 30-27).
Bader faced Lyoto Machida on . He was defeated via KO at 1:32 in the second round, after rushing in and being caught with a punch. 
Bader faced former title challenger Vladimir Matyushenko on January 26, 2013 at UFC on Fox 6. He won the fight via guillotine choke submission at just 50 seconds of the first round, earning his first "Submission of the Night" honors, and also having the fastest UFC Light Heavyweight submission.
Bader was expected to face Glover Teixeira on May 25, 2013 at UFC 160. However, Bader pulled out of the bout citing an injury and was replaced by James Te-Huna. 
The bout with Teixeira eventually took place on September 4, 2013 in the main event at UFC Fight Night 28. Despite dropping Teixeira early in the first round, Bader lost the fight via TKO in the first round.
Bader faced Anthony Perosh on December 7, 2013 at UFC Fight Night 33. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Personal life.
Bader and his girlfriend Daisy were married at the end of October 2010.
They had a baby, which was born in April 2012 and are expecting their second child.

</doc>
<doc id="20188075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188075" title="Risocaine">
Risocaine

Risocaine (or propyl 4-aminobenzoate) is a local anesthetic.

</doc>
<doc id="20188083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188083" title="Propoxycaine">
Propoxycaine

Propoxycaine (INN) is a local anesthetic.

</doc>
<doc id="20188087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188087" title="Orthocaine">
Orthocaine

Orthocaine is a local anesthetic.

</doc>
<doc id="20188097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188097" title="Meprylcaine">
Meprylcaine

Meprylcaine (Epirocain) is a local anesthetic.

</doc>
<doc id="20188107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188107" title="Butacaine">
Butacaine

Butacaine is a local anesthetic.

</doc>
<doc id="20188122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188122" title="Amylocaine">
Amylocaine

Amylocaine was the first synthetic local anesthetic. It was synthesized and patented under the name Stovaine by Ernest Fourneau at the Pasteur Institute in 1903. It was formerly used mostly in spinal anesthesia.

</doc>
<doc id="20188127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188127" title="Peter Fick">
Peter Fick

Peter Joseph Fick (December 12, 1913 – August 10, 1980) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany. Fick was the world record holder and pre-race favorite, but finished a disappointing sixth overall in the event final of the men's 100-meter freestyle with a time of 59.7 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="20188133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188133" title="Russ McQueen">
Russ McQueen

Russell Leroy McQueen (born January 9, 1953) was a pitcher who is most notable for winning the 1972 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a sophomore at University of Southern California. He is one of seven players from University of Southern California to win that award. The others are Bill Thom, Bud Hollowell, Bill Seinsoth, George Milke, Rod Boxberger and Wes Rachels. In the 1972 College World Series, he had a string of 14 consecutive scoreless innings. 
On March 30, 1974, he pitched a no-hitter. That was the first game ever played at Dedeaux Field.
Following his collegiate career, he was drafted by the California Angels in the 14th round of the 1974 amateur draft. He played two seasons in their minor league system, 1975 and 1976, never reaching the majors. In 1975, he played for the Salinas Packers, going 6-5 with a 3.16 ERA in 54 relief appearances. In 1976, he played for the Packers and El Paso Diablos, going 3-2 with a 2.54 ERA in 26 games with the Packers and 0-2 in 15 games with a 4.62 ERA with the Diablos.
He graduated from the University of Southern California's Marshall School of Business in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20188144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188144" title="Sustainable Agriculture Innovation Network">
Sustainable Agriculture Innovation Network

The China-UK Sustainable Agriculture Innovation Network (SAIN) is a Sustainable agriculture Network launched in 2008 to provide a framework for collaboration on agriculture and climate change between the UK and China.
The agreement supports the already existing China-UK Sustainable Development Dialogue (SDD) signed by the Chinese Ministry of Agriculture and the UK Department of Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA). Agreed upon by the Chinese Ministry of Agriculture (MOA) and the Department of Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA), the development of SAIN was included in the SDD work program on Sustainable Agriculture and Fisheries. After being originally proposed at the UK-China Partners in Science Conference in North West China, a business plan was created after consultation with Chinese stake-holders, bilateral agencies, and international organizations. in December 2008, the Ministry of Agriculture (MOA) and Department of Environment, food and Rural Affairs accepted and adopted the new policy.
The UK-China Sustainable Agriculture Innovation Network has four primary goals:
1. Support UK-China SDD by policy approaches, institutional mechanisms, and moving policy and science to the ground level.
2. Encourage and grow research on environmentally sustainable agriculture and its relevance to local, national, and the global economy.
3. Gather important actors, such as farmers and policy makers, and educate them on environmentally sustainable agriculture issues. 
4. Increase global sustainability with south-south learning.
The organization of SAIN consists of a Governing Board, two Secretariat Offices, and Working Groups. The North West Agriculture Forestry University in China and East Anglia University in England are the locations of the two Secretariat Offices.

</doc>
<doc id="20188145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188145" title="Charles Malato">
Charles Malato

Charles Malato (1857–1938) was a French anarchist and writer.
He was born to a noble Neapolitan family, his grandfather Count Malato being a Field Marshal and the Commander-in-Chief of the army of the last King of Naples. Though Count Malato ferociously suppressed a popular anti-dynastic insurrection, his son – Charles' father – supported the communards of the Paris Commune, and was banished as a result to the penal colony of New Caledonia, where Charles was born. After the amnesty of anarchists and communists, Charles and his by that time ninety year old father returned to Paris, where they immersed themselves in the anarchist movement.
On his return to France, Malato was condemned to fifteen months imprison for inciting murder, pillage and arson, and instead went into exile in London. Malato collaborated briefly with Victor Henri Rochefort, Marquis de Rochefort-Luçay before they fell out over the Dreyfus affair (Rochefort was an anti-Dreyfusard). He wrote for Georges Clemenceau's "L'Aurore", "L'Humanité", and the "Journal du peuple" (with Sébastien Faure) and partook in a revolutionary committee against nationalist activities. According to "The New York Times" Malato wrote articles "remarkable for their literary grace", was well known in political and literary circles, and "noted for the perfection of his manners".
He was accused by French police in 1905 of organising an assassination attempt against King Alfonso XIII of Spain, but was acquitted. Between 1907 and 1914, Malato wrote in the journals "La Guerre Sociale" and "La Bataille Syndicaliste", and became friends with the anarchist educator Francisco Ferrer.
At the outset of World War I, Malato was a supporter of the "union sacrée" and a signatory of the pro-Allies "Manifesto of the Sixteen".

</doc>
<doc id="20188146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188146" title="Avatime language">
Avatime language

Avatime, also known as Afatime, Sideme, or Sia, is a Kwa language of the Avatime (self designation: Kedone (m.sg.)) people of eastern Ghana. The Avatime live primarily in the seven towns and villages of Amedzofe, Vane, Gbadzeme, Dzokpe, Biakpe, Dzogbefeme, and Fume.
Phonology.
Avatime is a tonal language with three tones, has vowel harmony, and has been claimed to have doubly articulated fricatives.
Vowels.
Avatime has nine vowels, , though the vowels have been overlooked in most descriptions of the language. It is not clear if the difference between and is one of advanced and retracted tongue root (laryngeal contraction), as in so many languages of Ghana, or of vowel height: different phonetic parameters support different analyses.
Avatime has vowel harmony. A root many not mix vowels of the relaxed and contracted sets, and prefixes change vowels to harmonize with the vowels of the root. For example, the human singular gender prefix is , and the human plural is : "thief", "father"; "thieves", "fathers"; also "bee" but "god".
Vowels may be long or short. Records from 1910 showed that all vowels could be nasalized, but that is disappearing, and few words with nasal vowels remained by the end of the century.
Consonants.
The language has been claimed to have doubly articulated fricatives . However, as with similar claims for Swedish , the labial articulation is not fricated, and these are actually labialized velars, . All velar fricatives are quite weak, and are closer to .
The affricates vary between and , which may be a generational difference.
Phonotactics.
Syllables are V, CV, CGV, and N: Avatime allows consonant-approximant clusters, where the approximant may be . There is also a syllabic nasal, which takes its own tone: "many".
Any consonant but may form a cluster with : "table", "snake", "chameleon", "mucous". After a coronal consonant, the is pronounced .
When two vowels come together, they are either separated by a glottal stop , fuse into a single vowel, or the first vowel reduces to a semivowel. In the latter case, the four front vowels reduce to and three of the back vowels reduce to , but is fronted to .
However, there are /Cw/ and /Cj/ sequences which are not derived from vowel sequences. These are .

</doc>
<doc id="20188154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188154" title="Arthur Lindegren">
Arthur Lindegren

John Arthur Lindegren (October 13, 1911 – May 23, 1981) is an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany. Lindegren finished seventh in the men's 100-meter freestyle with a time of 59.9 seconds in the event final.

</doc>
<doc id="20188159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188159" title="Sébastien Faure (footballer)">
Sébastien Faure (footballer)

Sébastien Faure (, born 3 January 1991 in Lyon) is a French football player who plays for Rangers in Scottish League One. He is a former France U20 international and has represented France at various age levels.
Club career.
Lyon.
Faure was born in the second arrondissement of Lyon and was with Lyon from he when was a child starting off in the club's academy until 2012.
Faure became active in the squad at the start of the 2008–09 season. He was promoted to the first-team squad where he was given the number 36 shirt and began participating in Lyon's pre-season tour. Faure appeared in three of the team's five matches starting one against Rapid Bucureşti and appearing as a substitute in matches against Monaco and Nîmes Olympique.
He made his professional debut on 11 November 2008 against Metz in the 2008–09 edition of the Coupe de la Ligue starting in the centre back position alongside the Brazilian Cris. Unfortunately, the match resulted in a 3–1 loss with Faure playing the full 90 minutes and picking up a yellow card. In December 2011, Faure suffered a broken toe. During January 2012, Faure was linked with a move to FC Nantes. He joined FC Nantes on loan, but suffered pain from his previous broken toe injury and quickly returned to Lyon, where he remained until the end of his contract in the summer of 2012.
After being released by Lyon at the end of his contract. Faure was linked with a move to fellow French Ligue 1 club Evian TG. Faure joined English club Leeds United on trial and played in their 2–0 win over Alfreton Town on 21 July.
Rangers.
Faure joined Rangers on a three-year deal pending international clearance on 21 August 2012. After the move, Faure says he joined Rangers because Manager Ally McCoist persuaded him to join. He made his debut against Division One side Falkirk in the Scottish League Cup on 30 August 2012. It was on 23 February 2013 when Faure scored his first ever senior goal. This came whilst playing third division Berwick Rangers and it contributed to a 3–1 win away from home.
International career.
Faure has been active on the international circuit. He was a part of the under-17 team that finished runners-up at the 2008 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship and also played with the under-18 squad making his debut in the Tournoi de Limoges.
He was part of the French side that won the 2010 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship and was one of only 3 members of the squad to play every minute of every game at the finals as France defeated the Netherlands 4–1, Austria 5–0, drew 1–1 with England then beat Croatia 2–1 en route to the final. In the final itself he made an important goal line clearance to stop Spain taking a two goal lead with France eventually running out 2–1 winners.
He then went on to feature in the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup for the under-20 team as the France side finished in fourth place.

</doc>
<doc id="20188176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188176" title="Georgia gubernatorial election, 1990">
Georgia gubernatorial election, 1990

The 1990 Georgia Gubernatorial Election was held on November 6, 1990. Lieutenant Governor of Georgia Zell Miller ran for Governor after incumbent Joe Frank Harris was term-limited, and defeated Johnny Isakson, a member of the Georgia House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="20188190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188190" title="Arthur Highland">
Arthur Highland

Arthur Raymond Highland (December 17, 1911 – March 17, 1995) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States in the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany. Highland competed in the semifinals of the men's 100-meter freestyle, and recorded the eighth-best time overall (59.4 seconds).

</doc>
<doc id="20188202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188202" title="KHFX (disambiguation)">
KHFX (disambiguation)

KHFX may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20188206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188206" title="Sherrill Methodist Episcopal Church, South">
Sherrill Methodist Episcopal Church, South

Sherrill United Methodist Church is one of the oldest and continuously active churches in Jefferson County, Arkansas. 
Established in 1847, it was originally called Sherrill Methodist Episcopal Church South. In 2002, under that name, it was among four Arkansas properties to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the country’s official registry of historically significant properties, according to Arkansas Historic Preservation Program director Ken Grunewald. 
Sherrill United Methodist Church, at 118 West Main Street (on Highway 15 North 15 miles from Pine Bluff) in Sherrill, is a single story, wood-frame structure built1909 -1910 in a design reflecting the Craftsman and Gothic Revival styles of architecture.
“By 1909, the congregation had outgrown the home it had occupied since 1895,” the National Register nomination committee says. “Under the leadership of the late Reverend Frank Rogers, ground was broken on the same site and construction of the present structure begun.”
“By 1926 the membership had once more outgrown its accommodations. The parsonage was dismantled and the salvaged materials were used to build an addition at the rear of the building. This addition contained the fellowship hall and Sunday School rooms.” - (article written and contributed by Reverend Bill Ferguson, Pastor Sherrill United Methodist it appeared in quoted the Pine Bluff Commercial June 2, 2002).

</doc>
<doc id="20188232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188232" title="Martin Eisenstadt">
Martin Eisenstadt

The Martin Eisenstadt hoax is an elaborate scheme of filmmakers Dan Mirvish and Eitan Gorlin that involved the creation of a fictional "talking head", Martin Eisenstadt, who was quoted by numerous major news outlets (such as the Los Angeles Times and MSNBC), as well as countless blogs, all of which failed to verify his actual existence. "Eisenstadt" claimed to be the source of commentary about Sarah Palin in the wake of John McCain's 2008 Presidential Campaign. Mirvish and Gorlin have since written a satirical novel called "I Am Martin Eisenstadt: One Man's (Wildly Inappropriate) Adventures with the Last Republicans" for Farrar, Straus and Giroux ISBN 978-0-86547-914-2. The book was written under Eisenstadt's pseudonym and purports to be a first-person memoir of Eisenstadt's experience with the McCain/Palin campaign, including buying Palin's wardrobe. In the book, the Eisenstadt character denies rumors that he does not exist.
Background.
In 2007, Mirvish and Gorlin created short videos for YouTube, with Gorlin playing a parking valet, Sheldon, who spewed effusive (and offensive) praise of then-presidential candidate Rudolph Giuliani. The original short film "Sheldon" played at the U.S. Comedy Arts Film Festival in Aspen in 2007. After Giuliani's campaign ceased, the character was modified to be a Sr. Fellow at the "Harding Institute for Freedom and Democracy", a fictional entity named in jest for one of the least-respected US presidents, Warren G. Harding. The pair created a website for the Harding Institute, created the character of the commentator, dubbed Martin Eisenstadt, played again by Gorlin.
Dan Mirvish is a former speechwriter for Democratic Senator Tom Harkin. He is also a feature film director and co-founder of the Slamdance Film Festival. Gorlin was nominated for the Someone to Watch Award at the 2003 IFP Independent Spirit Awards for his film "The Holy Land".
The Hoaxes.
The first appearance of Martin Eisenstadt was in a video of a phony interview, purportedly on Al Iraqiya, describing his plan to build casinos in the Green Zone. The report was accepted at face value and blogged by Jonathan Stein of Mother Jones, but correctly and tentatively identified as satire by the Monthly Review. By this point, Brazilian-based golf blogger William Wolfram had already extensively researched Eisenstadt and concluded he did not exist.
During and after the election campaign, several hoaxes perpetrated by Eisenstadt (Gorlin and Mirvish) were reported by news organizations and blogs as truthful, including reports that Joe the Plumber was a cousin of Charles Keating and that Paris Hilton's family strongly protested the McCain campaign's comparison of Barack Obama to Hilton.
After election day, 2008, it was widely reported that a senior McCain advisor had stated that Palin was unaware that Africa was a continent rather than a country. After the story broke, Mirvish and Gorlin released a video where Eisenstadt, reportedly a McCain policy adviser, made that statement. Mirvish and Gorlin said that they did not invent the story but only took the credit for it after it broke as being the source. Several mainstream news outlets publicised this attribution. 
The AP, noting that "Eisenstadt's 'work' had been quoted and debunked before," reported that the hoax "was limited to the identity of the source in the story about Palin - not the Fox News story itself." Mirvish himself, in a BBC interview, admits that they falsely took credit as being the source, but stated that the story itself could be true. 
According to Mirvish it would have taken "about 20 seconds of searching to realize Eisenstadt was a hoax." "With the 24-hour news cycle they rush into anything they can find" added Mirvish. The hoax revealed lack of fact-checking by news outlets such as MSNBC. An MSNBC spokesman stated that someone in the newsroom received the item in an e-mail, and that no vetting was ever done on it.
In May 2009, Time (magazine) reported that Eisenstadt was one of the "elite Twitterati" who attended the White House Correspondents Dinner, along with Meghan McCain, Ashton Kutcher, and Newt Gingrich. Time later retracted its original reporting.
The Book.
Mirvish and Gorlin wrote the book "I Am Martin Eisenstadt: One Man's (wildly inappropriate) Adventures with the Last Republicans" which was published in November, 2009, by Farrar, Straus and Giroux. The authors went on a book tour that included a Washington, DC, party thrown for them by former President Bill Clinton press secretary Joe Lockhart and other Washington notables including Karen Finney, Matthew Cooper (American journalist) and Michael Feldman.
The Videos.
Mirvish and Gorlin's first collaboration was a promo for a videogame for Mirvish's film Open House. The character they created turned into Sheldon, the bitter valet, for the eponymously titled short film that screened at the 2007 U.S. Comedy Arts Festival in Aspen. The duo shot seven more similar shorts and posted them anonymously on YouTube as faux Rudolph Giuliani ads during early primary season for the 2008 U.S. Presidential campaign. The Giuliani campaign denied any involvement with the ads. The ads created their own controversy when the consulting company who had produced the Swift Boat ads of 2004 was erroneously blamed for them under the assumption they were some sort of dirty tricks campaign by one of Giuliani's rivals.
The filmmakers had planned to develop The Bitter Valet into a TV series, but due to the 2008 Writers Guild Strike, they shelved that plan and came up with the Martin Eisenstadt character. The first thing they filmed with Eisenstadt was the alleged interview on Iraqi TV, which was actually filmed in Mirvish's garage in California.
During the fall of 2008, Gorlin and Mirvish filmed a fake 40-minute BBC documentary entitled "The Last Republican," which they then posted on YouTube in 10 parts. They also filmed four rebuttals allegedly from Martin Eisenstadt in Washington, DC, in which Eisenstadt threatened to sue the documentarian and the BBC for taking him out of context. In fact, the filmmakers later admitted that "The Last Republican" was actually a pilot for a television show they were developing.
The Harding Prize for Best Crafted Apologies.
In April, 2010, Mirvish and Gorlin created an award called "The Harding Prize for Best Crafted Apology" named after President Warren G. Harding, who once apologized for his presidency by saying "I am not fit for this office and should never have been here." Awarded in a ceremony at American University, Gorlin (as Martin Eisenstadt) presented the Harding Prizes in several categories: Rahm Emanuel won for Politics, Tiger Woods for Sports, Usher for Entertainment, and Adam Carolla won in the best Twitter apology category.

</doc>
<doc id="20188257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188257" title="Archibald Montgomerie, 14th Earl of Eglinton">
Archibald Montgomerie, 14th Earl of Eglinton

Archibald William Montgomerie, 14th Earl of Eglinton (3 December 1841 - 30 August 1892) was a Scottish noble and member of the House of Lords.
Eglinton was a Deputy Lieutenant of Lanarkshire and Ayrshire. He succeeded to the titles on the death of his father on 4 October 1861.
Family.
Lord Eglinton and his wife had four daughters. He died on 30 August 1892, aged 50.

</doc>
<doc id="20188272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188272" title="Review (magazine)">
Review (magazine)

Review is an American magazine covering national and international economic issues. It is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="20188283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188283" title="Eitan Gorlin">
Eitan Gorlin

Eitan Gorlin is a filmmaker, author and actor. He is known for his portrayal of Martin Eisenstadt, a satirical depiction of a McCain campaign adviser. Even though Eisenstadt was said to be part of the "Harding Institute for Freedom and Democracy", named for one of the United States' less beloved presidents, he was quoted by several national news sources, who failed to document his existence.
In 2009, he co-authored the satirical novel "I Am Martin Eisenstadt: One Man's (Wildly Inappropriate) Adventures with the Last Republicans".

</doc>
<doc id="20188304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188304" title="Grim Reality">
Grim Reality

Grim Reality may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20188313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188313" title="I'm a Lonesome Fugitive">
I'm a Lonesome Fugitive

"I'm a Lonesome Fugitive" is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard, released in 1967.
Track listing.
All songs by Merle Haggard unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20188320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188320" title="The Antioch Review">
The Antioch Review

The Antioch Review is an American literary magazine established in 1941 at Antioch College in Ohio. One of the oldest continuously published literary magazines in the United States, it publishes fiction, essays and poetry from both emerging and established authors.
The magazine continued to publish despite the 2008-2011 closing of Antioch College. 
Among the magazine's notable contributions, it published an article by Robert K. Merton in 1948 that introduced the world to the concept of the "self-fulfilling prophecy." 
Robert Fogarty, the founding editor of "The Antioch Review" received the PEN/Nora Magid Award for Magazine Editing in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20188341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188341" title="KCLE (disambiguation)">
KCLE (disambiguation)

KCLE may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20188346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188346" title="18th Georgia Volunteer Infantry">
18th Georgia Volunteer Infantry

The 18th Georgia Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. Originally brigaded with the three Texas regiments of John Bell Hood's Texas Brigade, it was transferred to Thomas R.R. Cobb's Georgia Brigade after the Battle of Antietam in late 1862. After General Cobb was mortally wounded at Battle of Fredericksburg, the original colonel of the 18th Georgia, William T. Wofford, became Brigadier General of the Georgia Brigade.
Organization.
The regiment was organized at Camp Brown, Cobb County, Georgia on April 22, 1861 under a special act of the Georgia legislature and was originally designated First Regiment, Fourth Brigade, State Troops under the following officers: Colonel William T. Wofford of Cass County; Lieutenant Colonel Solon Z. Ruff of the Georgia Military Institute, Cobb County; Major Jefferson Johnson, Floyd County; Adjutant John C. Griffin, Cobb County. Transferring to Camp MacDonald at Big Shanty (Kennesaw), the regiment drilled for two months after which the "Fourth Brigade" was broken up and sent north on August 2, 1862.
The 18th Georgia was composed of ten companies, mostly from central counties in Georgia.
Initial deployment and service.
The 18th Georgia briefly guarded prisoners in Richmond captured at the First Battle of Bull Run (Manassas) and served garrison duty for two weeks in Goldsboro, North Carolina. In November they were sent north to the area of Dumfries, Virginia along the Potomac River where they were attached to the 1st, 4th and 5th Texas regiments to form a "full" brigade.
For the next year they would be an integral member of the Texas Brigade as it fought from the Peninsula Campaign to Antietam. The regiment was first engaged at the Battle of Eltham's Landing and the Battle of Seven Pines. It served conspicuously during the Seven Days Battle where, along with their Texas compatriots, they broke the line at the Battle of Gaines' Mill, effectively ending McClellan's campaign, and resulting in casualties of 37 killed and 106 wounded.
Two months later, the regiment distinguished itself again at the Second Battle of Bull Run where members captured two stands of colors (those of the 24th and 10th New York Infantry regiments), and where, along with the Texas Brigade, they spearheaded Longstreet's assault on Pope's left, nearly wiping out the 5th New York Zouaves and captured a battery of four guns. Casualties were 37 dead and 87 wounded. Three weeks later, the 18th fought at the Battle of Antietam losing 14 killed and 30 wounded.
Under orders of the Confederate States War Department, the 18th Georgia Infantry was transferred from the Texas Brigade to the Georgia Brigade and went into camp at Fredericksburg, Virginia. In the ensuing Battle of Fredericksburg, the regiment fought behind the stone wall on Marye's Heights sustaining loses of 14 killed and 30 wounded while inflicting heavy casualties upon the enemy.

</doc>
<doc id="20188348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188348" title="Israeli Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Association">
Israeli Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Association

The Israeli Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Association (, "Agudat HaHomoseksualim, HaLesbiyot, HaBiseksualim, VeHaTranseksualim BeYisrael", "The Association of Gays, Lesbians, Bisexuals and Transgendered in Israel"), known commonly as the Aguda (, "HaAguda", meaning "the association"), is a national non-profit organization in Israel working on the grass-roots level to help advance the rights of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people.
It was founded in 1975. The chairman is currently Mike Hamel. It has branches in Tel Aviv, Be'er Sheva, Kiryat Shmona, and Eilat.
Organization name.
"The Israeli Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Association" and "The "Aguda"" are the organization's official English names. The name is also sometimes translated as variations of "The Association of Gays, Lesbians, Bisexuals and Transgendered in Israel", which is a more literal translation and the Aguda is sometimes spelled as Agudah, depending on how it is transliterated from Hebrew. The organization is known commonly as the Aguda (). "The Aguda" means "the Association" and includes many Israeli and Jewish organizations. The organization name is also abbreviated as "The Israeli GLBT Association" ().
The organization was originally named the "Society for the Protection of Personal Rights" (). In 1988, following the repeal of anti-sodomy laws in Israel, the phrase "for Gays, Lesbians, and Bisexuals in Israel" was added to the name. In 1995, the name changed to "The Association of Gays, Lesbians, Bisexuals in Israel". The term "Transgendered" was added to the name in 1999.
History.
The Israeli GLBT Association was founded in Tel Aviv in 1975 by a group of 11 gay men and one lesbian.
They held the first pride parade in Kings of Israel Square.
The Aguda also runs youth groups for LGBT youth, among them are Hamon Aliza, which is aimed at lesbians, and Tzahal Bet, which is aimed at those between 18 and 22.
Since 2006, Israeli citizens who are exempt from military service in the Israel Defense Forces can volunteer in the Aguda as a form of national service.

</doc>
<doc id="20188380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188380" title="Teayo">
Teayo

For Teayo, see:

</doc>
<doc id="20188411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188411" title="Metzler paradox">
Metzler paradox

In economics, the Metzler paradox (named after the American economist Lloyd Metzler) is the theoretical possibility that the imposition of a tariff on imports may reduce the relative internal price of that good. It was proposed by Lloyd Metzler in 1949 upon examination of tariffs within the Heckscher–Ohlin model. The paradox has roughly the same status as immiserizing growth and a transfer that makes the recipient worse off.
The strange result could occur if the exporting country's offer curve is very inelastic. In this case, the tariff lowers the duty-free cost of the price of the import by such a great degree that the effect of the improvement of the tariff-imposing countries' terms of trade on relative prices exceeds the amount of the tariff. Such a tariff would not protect the industry competing with the imported goods.
It is deemed to be unlikely in practice.

</doc>
<doc id="20188434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188434" title="Americans for Job Security">
Americans for Job Security

Americans for Job Security (AJS) is a Virginia-based 501(c)(6) group that OpenSecrets.org describes as "a pro-Republican, pro-business organization" headed by David Carney. The American Insurance Association launched the group with $1 million in seed funding in 1997. AJS runs "issue ads" that attack liberal and moderate candidates nationwide, but is not required to disclose its political contributions or expenditures.
In 2002, for example, AJS ran over $1 million in ads attacking Democrat Jeanne Shaheen, who was running for the US Senate from NH in opposition to Republican John Sununu. In the 2008 rematch between Shaheen and Sununu, AJS again funded ads attacking Shaheen. In 2012, it bought $8 million worth of ads opposing Obama's reelection.
Complaints have been filed with the FEC stating that AJS should lose its 501(c)(6) status, which is reserved for "business leagues and trade associations" rather than groups that seek to influence elections.
According to the organization's own website, "For more than ten years Americans for Job Security (AJS) has been at the forefront of an explosion of the marketplace of ideas. During this time AJS has put forth a pro-growth, pro-jobs message to the American people. From the beginning our message has been a simple one: free markets and pro-paycheck public policy are fundamental to building a strong economy and creating more and better paying jobs."
Americans for Job Security avoids disclosure by reporting all its revenue as membership dues, although DeMaura claims there is no set membership fee and that members are not required to pay annually, which is why no dues were collected in 2007.
History and related organizations.
Michael Dubke, David Carney, and several business groups helped start Americans for Job Security in 1997. Carney was political director for President George H. W. Bush, and Dubke was the first executive director and then president of Americans for Job Security until April 2008, when Stephen DeMaura, recruited by Carney, took over. The group's public address is a drop box at a United Parcel Service store in Alexandria, Virginia, but DeMaura works out of space shared with Crossroads Media and at least three other political consulting firms, including the Black Rock Group. DeMaura, a 25-year-old former executive director of the New Hampshire Republican Party who earlier started an anti-Hillary Clinton Facebook page, is the sole employee of Americans for Job Security. Dubke remains a consultant and has authority to countersign its checks. Crossroads Media also places many of the group’s ads.
Crossroads Media is run by Dubke and Carney, and is a Republican consulting shop whose other clients include the National Republican Party, the Republican Governors Association and American Crossroads, a Karl Rove-backed group raising millions to support Republican candidates.
Black Rock Group is run by Dubke with Carl Forti, a longtime Republican operative who is political director for American Crossroads.
Operation Trenchcoat.
In Alaska, the Pebble Mine proposal was opposed for endangering commercial fishing, and supported for creating jobs. Alaskan financier Robert Gillam paid $2 million to join AJS, as encouraged to by Dubke, expecting the money to be used to oppose the mine. Instead, AJS passed almost all of it onto another nonprofit, Alaskans for Clean Water, set up to push a ballot initiative, Alaska Clean Water Initiative, 2008, aimed at imposing clean-water restrictions on the mine, by a group that included Art Hackney, a local Republican consultant and board member of AJS. The Alaska Public Offices Commission investigated, and AJS paid a $20,000 settlement without admitting guilt, agreeing not to help anyone make anonymous contributions in future which involved Alaska elections, but with the caveat the agreement did not apply to other states.

</doc>
<doc id="20188462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188462" title="GX 339-4">
GX 339-4

GX 339-4 is a moderately strong variable galactic low-mass X-ray binary (LMXB) source and black-hole candidate that flares from time to time.

</doc>
<doc id="20188505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188505" title="Earth, Sky, and Everything in Between">
Earth, Sky, and Everything in Between

Earth, Sky, and Everything in Between is a compilation album by Canadian band I Mother Earth. It features two unreleased tracks, and a live studio session recorded in 1997 for a Sound Source Radio Special at Mushroom Studios, Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="20188509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188509" title="Mean Girls 2">
Mean Girls 2

Mean Girls 2 is a 2011 American teen comedy television film directed by Melanie Mayron. It is a stand-alone sequel/spin-off to the 2004 film, "Mean Girls". The film was released on January 23, 2011 by ABC Family with a DVD release set for February 1, 2011. The film stars Meaghan Jette Martin and features as cast of Jennifer Stone, Maiara Walsh, Nicole Gale Anderson, and Claire Holt. Tim Meadows is the only cast member to return from the original 2004 film.
Plot.
Tomboy Johanna "Jo" Mitchell is a 18-year-old high school senior. On her first day at North Shore High School, she encounters a clique called "The Plastics", which is composed of the self-proclaimed leader Mandi Weatherly; the ditzy girl with the raging libido, Chastity Meyer and the hypochondriac Hope Plotkin. Jo also meets Abby Hanover, whom Mandi perceives to be a rival. Jo develops an attraction to Tyler Adams. Despite Jo's attempts to avoid the Plastics, conflict develops between them and Abby.
Jo's father is a mechanic who rebuilds engines for NASCAR. As a result, she becomes quite a good mechanic herself and ends up taking an advanced shop class at school, where she meets Tyler. Her principal means of transportation is a Vespa motor scooter. Jo's dream is to attend Carnegie Mellon University, the alma mater of her late mother.
When Jo meets Abby's father, a successful infomercial entrepreneur, he offers to pay Jo's college tuition in exchange for remaining good friends with Abby. Jo accepts, motivated by her desire to attend university. Jo, Tyler, and Abby become close friends. Jo also learns that Tyler is Mandi's stepbrother. Mandi also escalates her war of pranks, including using artificial sweetener and coffee to ruin an engine Jo's father is rebuilding.
Jo, Abby and another outcast girl, school newspaper reporter Quinn, start a new clique called the "Anti-Plastics". They enact a series of pranks against Chastity and Hope and Jo runs against Mandi for Homecoming Court and their campaign threatens Tyler and Jo's relationship. Jo tries to give back the money Sidney Hanover gave her for her friendship with Abby, which Mandi overhears and uses it against her. This leads to Tyler and Abby leaving her along with the rest of her friends.
Mandi and her boyfriend Nick steal the homecoming court charity money. Mandi leaves an anonymous note saying the money is in Jo's shed. The money is found in there. Thanks to an unwitting betrayal by Quinn, Jo is expelled but not before she finds Mandi and challenges her to a game of flag football. Mandi at first refuses until she realises that she needs to win to remain popular so reluctantly agrees.
Tyler and the other Anti-Plastics try to help prove her innocence with the help of Elliott, a computer hacker. After beating the Plastics in a game of flag football, Mandi and Nick are arrested after images of them planting the money in Jo's home are found by Elliot and revealed. At the school's Homecoming Dance, Abby and Elliott are elected as king and queen, thanks to Jo dropping out of the competition.
The film ends with Jo and Abby deciding to go to Carnegie Mellon University together, Tyler going to Penn State (presumably on a soccer scholarship) and Quinn assuming the position she has long coveted - leader of the Plastics.
Production.
The Radha official trailer was released on November 22, 2010. The film premiered on ABC Family as a "Mean Girls: Double Feature" on January 23, 2011.
Reception.
Hillary Busis of "Entertainment Weekly" had a negative reaction to the film, referring to it as a "thinly veiled, low-budget remake of the 2004 hit with which it shares a name." The film is not currently scored on Rotten Tomatoes.
Ratings.
The film was the number one television movie of the week among viewer ages 12–34 and attracted a strong female audience.

</doc>
<doc id="20188524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188524" title="Skywatch march">
Skywatch march

Skywatch is the official regimental march of the Royal Observer Corps.
The march was composed and scored in 1972 by Wing Commander Roy R C Davies RAF, at the time leader and conductor of the Central Band of the Royal Air Force. The tune is reminiscent of the march of the RAF and has been played on many formal occasions, including two Royal Garden Parties in the presence of Queen Elizabeth II at RAF Bentley Priory and at the Festival of Remembrance in the Royal Albert Hall.
In 1994 Davies donated the original score of Skywatch for inclusion in the book ""Forewarned is Forearmed - a tribute to the Royal Observer Corps"". 
Skywatch continues to feature on musical collections released by the Central Band of the Royal Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="20188563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188563" title="Oil Barons">
Oil Barons

Oil Barons is both a strategy and simulation-type, turn-based game, published by Epyx in 1983. It was released in versions compatible with the Apple II series, Commodore 64 and DOS computers. It is considered to be one of the rarest of all Epyx games.
"Oil Barons" represents an unusual fusion between a computer game and a board game, in that it included a game board consisting of a 50 X 40 square grid, as well as numerous individual game tokens, used to denote the significance of various grid locations (which corresponded to various terrain-specific locations within the game). "Oil Barons" was thus much like a numerically complex board game, in which the computer kept track of the numerous variables. The game could be played in any one of several modes, and with from one to eight players. Unfortunately, the fact this game has been out-of-print since the mid-1980s, and thus very few people today have an "Oil Barons" game board and tokens (particularly in light of the fact that only a very small number of copies were sold when it was in publication), potentially limits the game's appeal in contemporary times.

</doc>
<doc id="20188565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188565" title="Rose Ensemble">
Rose Ensemble

The Rose Ensemble, based in St. Paul, Minnesota, was originally founded by Jordan Sramek in 1996. The group, which is primarily vocal, specializes in medieval to modern music from around the world, occasionally commissioning new pieces following the older styles. Their music spans 1,000 years and 25 languages, with more songs on the way. The history of their music is carefully researched, with each CD containing an overview of where the music originally came from and when it was originally performed. Each member has been celebrated for their ability to sing as soloists as well as in a group, and Sramek has been lauded for his groundbreaking research. 
The Rose Ensemble also offers a variety of educational programs. They offer three programs at the K-12 level, (Music From the Land of Three Faiths: Discovering Ancient Harmonies Across Cultures, Borders, and Religions; Celebremos! Musical Collaboration in Colonial Baroque Mexico; and Hawai'i Revealed: Music from the Soul of the Hawaiian Saga), three college workshops (Master Classes; Medieval Music: Harmony of the Spheres; and Ensemble Singing: It's All About Blend) and four adult workshops (Gregorian Chant: No you don't have to be a monk; Renaissance Music: Beyond Merry Maids and fa-la-la; Music Research: Where did you find that music?; and Ensemble Singing Workshop: It's all about blend - advanced).
Recordings.
For a listing of reviews, check out this site.

</doc>
<doc id="20188576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188576" title="The Legend of Bonnie &amp; Clyde">
The Legend of Bonnie &amp; Clyde

The Legend of Bonnie & Clyde is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard, released in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20188582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188582" title="Balfron railway station">
Balfron railway station

Balfron railway station was a railway station that served the village of Balfron in Scotland. The station was served by trains on the Strathendrick and Aberfoyle Railway and the Forth and Clyde Junction Railway, both of which closed in the 1950s.
The station was unusual in that it was 2 miles away from the village that it served, passengers and goods had to be transported by horse and cart to the village. A hamlet has since grown up around the site of the former station, it is known as Balfron Station.
History.
Opened by the Edinburgh and Glasgow (Forth and Clyde Junction Railway), and absorbed into the North British Railway, it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. It passed on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. 
The station was closed by British Railways in 1951.
Hamlet.
Since the stations closure in 1951, a rural settlement has grown up around the former site of the station. The hamlet is served by Balfron Primary School and Balfron High School in the village of Balfron 2 miles away.

</doc>
<doc id="20188596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188596" title="Colton Greene">
Colton Greene

Colton Greene (July 7, 1833 – September 23, 1900) was an American businessman and soldier. He served as a Confederate general during the American Civil War, mostly leading cavalry units. After the war he pursued several successful civic projects and public functions in Tennessee.
Early life and career.
Colton Greene (real name possibly George Colton Greene) was born July 7, 1833 in SC, according to his postwar application for a passport. Little is known of his parents or education, and he reportedly never married nor would discuss his past with anyone. One story, current in Memphis at the time, has it that he killed a man in South Carolina, and then came west. By 1857 he was living in St. Louis, Missouri, where he was involved in politics with the state's Democratic Party. Greene was a wealthy and successful wholesale grocer in St. Louis by 1860. Also that year Greene became a partner in the St. Louis firm of Hoyt & Co.
Civil War service.
Choosing to follow the Confederate cause, Greene was active in the pro-secession movement in the border state of Missouri just before the American Civil War began. He was assigned as an aide-de-camp to Governor Claiborne Fox Jackson in 1861, and helped him to coordinate the activities of the secessionists.
Greene was appointed a captain in the Missouri State Guard in 1861, and was sent by Jackson along with Capt. Basil W. Duke to Montgomery, Alabama, (then capital of the Confederacy) to ask the recently elected Confederate President Jefferson Davis for artillery. It was hoped these guns could be used to attack the Federal arsenal in St. Louis, however the captains arrived with their artillery too late to help in the effort, and the cannon were captured by Union troops. Despite this setback, Greene soon afterwards aided Gov. Jackson to drill recruits that had gathered in Jefferson City, as well as missions that summer into Arkansas and to Richmond, Virginia, to seek support for invading and reclaiming Missouri, now increasingly under Union control.
On August 10, 1861, Greene saw his first combat when he served on the staff of Brig. Gen. James H. McBride during the Battle of Wilson's Creek near Springfield, Missouri. On October 28, Greene was appointed colonel in the Missouri State Guard and assigned as assistant adjutant to the Confederate 7th District in Missouri, commanded by McBride. When that commander fell ill in early 1862, Greene was ordered to lead the district, which he re-organized into a brigade consisting of two volunteer regiments. His brigade participated in the Confederate defeat during the Battle of Pea Ridge on March 7–8 near Bentonville, Arkansas. In the battle, Greene's command was part of Maj. Gen. Sterling Price's Division in Maj. Gen. Earl Van Dorn's army. Sometime during 1861, Greene was also appointed a brigadier general in the Missouri State Guard.
After the fight at Pea Ridge, Greene accompanied Price's force into Mississippi that spring. He requested and received permission to re-enter Missouri to gather recruits, and by the fall he had collected and trained a mounted force. Named the 3rd Missouri Cavalry, Greene was appointed its colonel in the regular Confederate Army on November 4, 1862. Greene led the 3rd Missouri (part of Gen. John S. Marmaduke's division of the Army of the West) at the Battle of Clark's Mill on November 7 at Vera Cruz, located about ten miles southeast of Ava in Douglas County, Missouri.
In 1863, Greene led Marmaduke's cavalry brigade (including the 3rd Missouri) during the Union victory at the Battle of Helena in Phillips County, Arkansas, on July 4. Green then participated during the battles of the 1864 Red River Campaign in the Trans-Mississippi Theater. He fought in the Camden Expedition and the Battle of Poison Spring around Lee Plantation, about 10 miles from Camden, Arkansas, on April 18, 1864. His command was in reserve in the action and entered a hole in the Confederate line that was caused by Union artillery fire. Greene plugged that hole and sealed the victory, routing the remaining Union defensive line. This fight is noted for accusations of the murdering of wounded Federal United States Colored Troops as they surrendered, left behind when the Union forces retreated.
Greene led his brigade (part of Marmaduke's Division in Edmund Kirby Smith's Army of Arkansas) during the Battle of Jenkins' Ferry in Grant County, Arkansas, on April 30, 1864. In the Confederate loss, Greene reported a casualty total of 50; seven dead and 43 wounded. During the time Green was leading a brigade in 1864 he was an acting brigadier general in the Confederate States Army.
On June 6, 1864, Greene fought during the Battle of Old River Lake in Chicot County, Arkansas. At Ditch Bayou Greene attempted unsuccessfully to delay Union forces that were approaching Lake Village, and then he withdrew to nearby Parker's Landing. Total Confederate casualties in the loss, including Greene's soldiers, was reportedly 100 men. Later that summer Greene was arrested and charged with disobeying orders, accused of failing to surrender his mules to the Confederate government. In the ensuing court-martial that fall, he was exonerated of the charges and returned to his command. After the trial, Greene fought during Sterling Price's unsuccessful 1864 Missouri Expedition, better known as Price's Raid. Marmaduke had been promoted and his brigade went to Brig. Gen. John B. Clark, leaving Greene to lead the 3rd Missouri Cavalry once more. When Clark was given divisional command after the raid, Greene again led a brigade.
Postbellum.
When the war ended in 1865, Green returned to his life in St. Louis. There he found that his former partner, Stephen Hoyt, and others had seized his business interests and property, leaving Greene in poverty. He then moved to Memphis, Tennessee, to rebuild, taking up work as a banker and an insurance agent for Memphis office of the Knickerbocker Life insurance Co. of New York. Greene established his own insurance firm in 1871 and soon prospered. He then founded the State Savings Bank of Memphis, as well as organizing support in 1886 for the city's first municipal waterworks with the publication of the "Report on a Public Water Supply for the City of Memphis, February 23, 1886", which he edited. Greene arranged the first Memphis Mardi Gras (described as "highly successful") and also helped found the Memphis Public Library.
Greene died in Memphis in the fall of 1900, and was buried there in Elmwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20188597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188597" title="Structural complexity theory">
Structural complexity theory

In computational complexity theory of computer science, the structural complexity theory or simply structural complexity is the study of complexity classes, rather than computational complexity of individual problems and algorithms. It involves the research of both internal structures of various complexity classes and the relations between different complexity classes.
The theory has emerged as a result of (still failing) attempts to resolve the first and still the most important question of this kind, the P = NP problem. Most of the research is done basing on the assumption of P not being equal to NP and on a more far-reaching conjecture that the polynomial time hierarchy of complexity classes is infinite.
Major directions of research in this area include:

</doc>
<doc id="20188630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188630" title="Tell Beydar">
Tell Beydar

Tell Beydar is a village and ancient site in the modern Al-Hasakah Governorate, Syria. It was the Ancient Near Eastern
city of Nabada. It is connected by road to Al-Darbasiyah on the Turkish border in the north.
History.
Nabada was first settled during the Early Dynastic period circa 2600 BC. By around 2500 BC a medium sized independent city-state had developed. At that point, it became a provincial capital under the kingdom centered at Nagar, now Tell Brak. After the Jezirah region was conquered by the Akkadians, Nabada became an outpost of that empire. The city was than abandoned until
re-occupied for a time circa 1400 BC by the Hurrians and again in the Neo-Assyrian and Hellenistic periods.
Archaeology.
The central site of Tell Beydar covers about . A much later Hurrian/Neo-Assyrian site lies at the base of the tell. At the top of the tell there is a Hellenistic settlement. Tell Beydar has been excavated for 16 seasons since 1992 by a joint Syrian and European team made up of the European Centre for Upper Mesopotamian Studies and the Directorate-General of Antiquities and Museums of Syria. The team leads are Marc Lebeau and Antoine Suleiman. A number of other institutions, including the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago have also participated. Besides the architectural and pottery findings from the excavation, almost 250 early cuneiform tablets and fragments were recovered, dating from the pre-sargonic period. The tablets are agricultural records for the most part, but do establish some synchronisms with Tell Brak. The language used in the tablets is a variant of the Semitic Akkadian language and the personal names referred to were also Semitic. A number of clay sealing have also been recovered. Finds from Tell Beydar are on display in the Deir ez-Zor Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20188636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188636" title="Pittsburgh and Beck's Run Railroad">
Pittsburgh and Beck's Run Railroad

The Pittsburgh and Beck's Run Railroad was a short line railroad in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, running from the Smithfield Street Bridge to the Jones and Laughlin Iron Works.
See also.
Becks Run

</doc>
<doc id="20188680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188680" title="Carroll Yerkes">
Carroll Yerkes

Charles Carroll Yerkes (June 13, 1903 – December 20, 1950) was a professional baseball pitcher. Over the course of five seasons in Major League Baseball, he played for the Philadelphia Athletics (1927–29) and Chicago Cubs (1932–33).

</doc>
<doc id="20188703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188703" title="Goroke P-12 College">
Goroke P-12 College

Goroke P-12 College is a public school in Goroke, Victoria, Australia.
History.
Goroke School was opened on 28 September 1885. The school first had a class of 10 boys and 10 girls. The original building was leased and of weather board construction with a shingle roof. The citizens of Goroke and district did not gain the present school complex with an unusual exertion of determination. So befitting the pioneering spirit that opened up the land for settlement.
It began in 1881, nine years after the passing of the Education Act of 1872, when citizens of Pleasant Banks asked the Department to look favorably upon their request for a school. The request was granted four years later. Today, more than one hundred years later, during Victoria’s Bi-centennial Year Celebration we can look back with satisfaction on a job well done.
The Goroke site was complete in 1955 and was named The Goroke Consolidated School then renamed in 1990 as Goroke P-12 College. The consolidation brought together all the schools in the district, such as Minimay, Nurcoung school, Gymbowen, Mitre and the Goroke school. Goroke was one of the original eleven P-12 colleges in Victoria.
Gymbowen School opened on 27 March 1881. It closed in August 1951. James Houston was the first to enrol 8 boys and 10 girls at the Gymbowen School. The 21 students that attended Gymbowen School then transferred to Goroke School when it closed down.
Minimay School opened on 2 May 1885. Norman McLeod was the first to enrol 8 boys and 12 girls at the Minimay School. The school closed on 6 February 1951. The school building was removed to Goroke and there it became the library. 
Nurcoung School opened on 11 September 1886. Marie K. Monckton was the first to enrol 11 boys and 15 girls at the Nurcoung School. The school closed in 1955 and all the students transferred to Goroke School. 
Mitre School was located on the Mitre Nurcoung Road, Victoria. After the school closed down all the students transferred to Goroke School. 
Lemon Springs School opened on 4 June 1886. It closed some time during 1951. The school building then transferred to Goroke and the building was then used for the science room and later the art room.
Booroopki School opened on 1 May 1886 and closed some time during 1891. It then opened again on 1 March 1909 and closed on 11 September 1951 due to the school's buildings being condemned. All the students then transferred to Goroke School. 
Sports and traditions.
Each year Goroke P-12 college hosts many events including an annual swimming sports carnival and an athletics carnival. The school also attends many sporting carnivals school fete (every second year) and a talent quest (every year that the school fete isn’t on). The school also has an end of the year school concert.

</doc>
<doc id="20188705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188705" title="4E">
4E

4E or 4e or 4-E may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20188706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188706" title="Lloyd Metzler">
Lloyd Metzler

Lloyd Appleton Metzler (1913 – 26 October 1980) was an American economist best known for his contributions to international trade theory. He was born at Lost Springs, Kansas in 1913. Although most of his career was spent at the University of Chicago, he was not a member of the Chicago school, but rather a Keynesian. The Economics department at the University of Chicago at that time was a fairly contentious place.
Lloyd was the youngest son of Leroy and Lulu Appleton Metzler, who were both schoolteachers and both had college degrees. All three of the boys attended the University of Kansas at Lawrence, Kansas. Leroy was a Civil engineer, and Donald became the head of the Engineering department and served as mayor of Lawrence. Lloyd was heading for a degree and career in business until he fell under the tutelage of John Ise (http://www.washburn.edu/reference/cks/mapping/ise/) who convinced him to switch to Economics and who was a lifelong hero.
After graduation, Metzler received his PhD in Economics at Harvard University, where he became great friends with Paul Samuelson.
Metzler worked post-World War II with the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) in Washington DC, and spent much of that time working on post war reconstruction in Europe.
Metzler was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1942 upon completing his PhD at Harvard. He was made a Distinguished Fellow of the American Economic Association in 1968.
In the early 1950s Metzler's career was severely impacted by the discovery of a brain tumor, and several surgeries. He continued to teach for another 20 years at the University of Chicago.
The Metzler paradox as well as Metzler matrices bear his name.

</doc>
<doc id="20188729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188729" title="Fight Fair">
Fight Fair

Fight Fair is a pop punk band from San Diego, California, currently based out of San Francisco, California They are signed to Triple Crown Records. They released their debut EP titled "Settle The Score" in 2008# Their debut full-length "California Kicks" was released June 29, 2010 while performing on the 2010 Vans Warped Tour.
Bio.
Fight Fair spawned in the infamous 'San Diego State University party scene'. Lead vocalist Alex Bigman describes the band's sound as “uplifting and positive while maintaining the aggressive sound we grew up with" " Bigman is known for blurring the lines between hardcore punk and pop, widely credited with coining the term "skramz," a term used to differentiate modern, mainstream screamo and underground, DIY screamo. Bigman and guitarist Evan Henkel was also known in the DIY screamo and hardcore punk scene for their former band Seeing Means More, and for Bigman being a featured vocalist on influential post-hardcore/screamo band Loma Prieta's song, entitled Apparition, the final track off their 2010 album, "Life/Less".
History.
During the formation of the band, there were a few member changes. On September 19, 2008, Fight Fair was involved in a van and trailer accident on the border of Oregon and Washington U S state |Washington which caused severe damage to their van, trailer and equipment. The band spent the next few days in Portland, Oregon raising money through MySpace com and PayPal com to fix some damages in order to make it home before Christmas.
In early 2009, they supported The Bigger Lights on a US tour along with Thieves and Villains, which they later ended finished home co-headlining with School Boy Humor. Soon after they participated with 5 dates supporting Valencia with Houston Calls for the "Say No To Neon Tour". Later from May 2, 2009 to May 28, 2009 they supported Amber Pacific alongside Houston Calls and Farewell band Farewell on a 24 date stint around the U S In support of the tour, Gibson Guitar Corporation Gibson Guitars gave away an Epiphone acoustic guitar, signed by all four bands.
The band just finished up in the studio recording their first full-length album, which is expected to be released June 29, 2010 
Fight Fair just finished up with Breathe Carolina, Cash Cash, Stephen Jerzak and Kill Paradise on the EZ BRONZ TOUR' 09. A full US tour from November 4, 2009 to December 12, 2009.
Fight Fair has been confirmed to play the entire 2010 Vans Warped Tour from June 24 to August 15, performing on the Skull Candy Stage. Fight Fair released "California Kicks" on the 2010 Vans Warped Tour. It was released while the tour was in the city of Phoenix, AZ.

</doc>
<doc id="20188732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188732" title="La Huerta">
La Huerta

La Huerta, or Huerta de Mataquito is a village (aldea) or small town near the north bank of the Mataquito River, in the Hualañé commune, in the Curicó Province, in the Maule Region, of Chile. It is 45 kilometers west of the city of Curicó.
Nearby to the northeast is the Cerro Chiripilco and the monument commemorating the death of Lautaro in the Battle of Mataquito that is thought to have been fought at its foot near the Mataquito River.

</doc>
<doc id="20188735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188735" title="Mama Tried (album)">
Mama Tried (album)

Mama Tried is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard, released in 1968.
The song "Mama Tried" won the Grammy Hall of Fame Award in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20188743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188743" title="Down Home (song)">
Down Home (song)

"Down Home" is the title of a song written by Rick Bowles and Josh Leo, and recorded by American country music band Alabama. It was released in February 1991 as the fourth single from their album "Pass It On Down". The song hit number one on the Hot Country Singles chart in April 1991.
Lyrics.
"Down Home" is about the narrator telling the story of his childhood growing up in a rural area or a small town (""Just off of the beaten path/A little dot on a state road map/That's where I was born and where I'll die""). The song continues by paying homage to the generally tighter knit social integrity of such rural developments (""Down home, where they know you by name and treat you like family/Down home, a man's good word and a hand shake/Are all you need"").

</doc>
<doc id="20188756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188756" title="Rashid Al Marikhi">
Rashid Al Marikhi

Shaikh Rashid Bin Ibrahim Al Marikhi () is a prominent Sufi Sunni Islamic scholar and teacher in Bahrain. He used to be the khateeb of the Shaikh Isa Bin Ali Mosque in Muharraq until 1988. He has been praised for his role in bridging the Sunni-Shia sectarian divide in Bahrain and has warm relations with Shia scholars in Bahrain. As a leader of the Sufi tradition in Bahrain, he has been a target of criticism by puritanical Salafist activists.
His son, Shaikh Ibrahim Al Marikhi, is the chief justice of the Supreme Sunni Sharia Court in Bahrain and the president of the Imam Malik ibn Anas Society. The Imam Malik Society is the only registered Sufi organization in Bahrain.
Among Shaikh Rashid's published works is "Raf' al-Astar 'an Shubuhat wa Dalalat Sahib al- Hiwar" ("Exposing the Insinuations and Aggravations of the Author of the 'Debate with al-Maliki").
Among his teachers are Shaikh Mohammed Al Hijazi of Muharraq, Shaikh Mohammed Abil Mulla of Al-Hasa, Shaikh Abbas Bin Alawi Al Maliki of Mecca (brother of Muhammad Alawi al-Maliki), and Shaikh Abdul Qadir Al Saggaf [http://users1.nofeehost.com/saqqaf/] of Jeddah.

</doc>
<doc id="20188760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188760" title="The Grey Lady and the Strawberry Snatcher">
The Grey Lady and the Strawberry Snatcher

The Grey Lady and the Strawberry Snatcher is a children's picture book by Molly Bang. 
Plot.
A grey lady buys strawberries from the market and heads home to her family with them. A long fingered blue creature follows her and tries to steal the strawberries, but she escapes through various means--catching a bus, swinging from a vine, and simply by blending into the grey swamp but for her face and hands. When he gets frustrated, he finds blackberries and eats them instead.
Reception.
A Chevron Cars review says, "The Grey Lady and the Strawberry Snatcher by Molly Bang has superb illustrations with the grey lady becoming part of the environment, hidden from the viewer as well as from the strawberry snatcher." A Teaching Pre K-8 review says, "Dive into this story when you have plenty of time. Every page presents possibilities for wondering, discussing and anticipating. That's the way to get kids hooked on books." Carol Hurst reviewed the book saying, "The artist's use of figure/ground manipulation is central to the plot and can be used as an introduction to other art activities using negative and positive space". The book was used as a project in the book Math & Stories. The book won a 1981 Caldecott Honor Book award, A 1980 Boston Globe-Horn Book honor book award for Illustration, A Children's Reviewer's Choice 1980 award, ALA Booklist award, a 1980 AIGA Children's Book Show Selection award.

</doc>
<doc id="20188766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188766" title="Stephen Mark Barchan">
Stephen Mark Barchan

Stephen Mark Barchan (born 1 October 1982) is a British composer.
Career.
Barchan was born in Middlesbrough. He studied composition with Richard Steinitz (founder of the Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival) and Edwin Roxburgh (supported by the EMI Music Sound Foundation).
Organisations who have presented his music include Aldeburgh Music, BBC, LSO Discovery, Park Lane Group, Sounds New and Soundwaves Festivals at venues such as Adrian Boult Hall, CBSO Centre, Old Rep, Purcell Room, Queen Elizabeth Hall, Royal Festival Hall (Southbank Centre), Royal College of Music, The Gate Arts Centre, the Warehouse, and Carnegie Hall by performers such as Birmingham Contemporary Music Group, David Purser (former principal trombone of the London Sinfonietta), Endymion, Jane Manning, Lior Eitan (principal piccolo of the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra), London Sinfonietta and Peter Donohoe.
In 2009 he was commissioned to write the score for the 2009 film "A Closed Book" (also known as "Blind Man's Bluff" and based on the short novel A Closed Book by Gilbert Adair) directed by Raoul Ruiz and starring Daryl Hannah, Tom Conti, Miriam Margoyles and Elaine Paige, first screened at the Cannes Film Festival in May 2009. In 2010 he was commissioned to write the score for the 2010 short film "The Gap" and in 2011 he was commissioned to write "Changing Seasons" for the ensemble Musitonik. In 2012 he was commissioned by Eye Music/Rawsthorn Fund to write "In Wonderland". During January 2012 he was featured artist of the month on the Dutch radio programme Dissonant (broadcast by RTV-Arnhem) and in July 2012 he was a featured composer at the King's Lynn Festival with performances of his work given by the Contemporary Consort. In August 2012, he was a BBC After 2 guest and discussed his music with radio presenter John Foster in a live broadcast by BBC Tees. Since 2011, he has served as Chairman for the Composers Forum hosted by the London New Wind Festival. His transcription of "Five Miniatures" by Howard Skempton (a suite of miniatures originally written for solo accordion, transcribed for ensemble) is published by Oxford University Press.
As a music copyist, he has completed projects for Anthony Payne, Birmingham Contemporary Music Group, Boydell and Brewer, Faber Music, Joe Cutler, Richard Causton, Samuel French Ltd., Schott Music, Tempo music magazine and United Music Publishers.

</doc>
<doc id="20188768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188768" title="Global administrative law">
Global administrative law

Global administrative law is an emerging field that is based upon a dual insight: that much of what is usually termed “global governance” can be accurately characterized as administrative action; and that increasingly such action is itself being regulated by administrative law-type principles, rules and mechanisms – in particular those relating to participation, transparency, accountability and review. GAL, then, refers to the structures, procedures and normative standards for regulatory decision-making including transparency, participation, and review, and the rule-governed mechanisms for implementing these standards, that are applicable to formal intergovernmental regulatory bodies; to informal intergovernmental regulatory networks; to regulatory decisions of national governments where these are part of or constrained by an international intergovernmental regime; and to hybrid public-private or private transnational bodies. The focus of this field is not the specific content of substantive rules, but rather the operation of existing or possible principles, procedural rules and reviewing and other mechanisms relating to accountability, transparency, participation, and assurance of legality in global governance.
Overview.
Today almost all human activity is subject to some form of global regulation. Goods and activities that are beyond the effective control of any one State are regulated at the global level. Global regulatory regimes cover a vast array of different subject-areas, including forest preservation, the control of fishing, water regulation, environmental protection, arms control, food safety and standardization, financial and accounting standards, internet governance, pharmaceuticals regulation, intellectual property protection, refugee protection, coffee and cocoa standards, labour standards, antitrust regulation, to name but a very few.
This increase in the number and scope of regulatory regimes has been matched by the huge growth of international organizations: nowadays over 2,000 intergovernmental organizations (IGO) and around 40,000 Non-governmental organizations (NGO) are operating worldwide.
There are, of course, great differences among the various different types of regulatory regimes. Some merely provide a framework for State action, whereas others establish guidelines addressed to domestic administrative agencies, and others still impact directly upon national civil society actors. Some regulatory regimes create their own implementation mechanisms, while others rely on national or regional authorities for this task. To settle disputes, some regulatory regimes have established judicial (or quasi-judicial) bodies, or refer to those of different regimes; while others resort to “softer” forms, such as negotiation. Within this framework, the traditional mechanisms based on State consent as expressed through treaties or custom are simply no longer capable of accounting for all global activities.
A new regulatory space is emerging, distinct from that of inter-State relations, transcending the sphere of influence of both international law and domestic administrative law: this can be defined as the global administrative space. IOs have become much more than instruments of the governments of their Member States; rather, they set their own norms and regulate their field of activity; they generate and follow their own, particular legal proceedings; and they can grant participatory rights to subjects, both public and private, affected by their activities. Ultimately, they have emerged as genuine global public administrations.
In other words, the structures, procedures and normative standards for regulatory decision-making applicable to global institutions (including transparency, participation, and review), and the rule-governed mechanisms for implementing these standards are coming to form a specific field of legal theory and practice: that of global administrative law. The main focus of this emerging field is not the particular content of substantive rules generated by global regulatory institutions, but rather the actual or potential application of principles, procedural rules and reviewing and other mechanisms relating to accountability, transparency, participation, and the rule of law in global governance.

</doc>
<doc id="20188779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188779" title="Monarchism in Iran">
Monarchism in Iran

Iranian monarchism is the advocacy of restoring the constitutional monarchy in Iran, which was abolished after the 1979 Revolution.
Historical background.
Iran first became a constitutional monarchy in 1905, but underwent a period of autocracy during the years 1925-1941, after which the Iranian National Assembly was restored to power. During the years 1941 to 1953, Iran remained a constitutional monarchy and active parliamentary democracy with Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi retaining extensive legal executive powers. In practice, however, his position was largely ceremonial, similar to that of Queen Elizabeth II.
In 1951, the National Assembly, led by Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadegh, unanimously voted to nationalize the oil industry, which at the time was dominated by the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company (now BP). In 1953, the British MI6 and American CIA orchestrated a coup against Mossadegh's government. Agents fueled rumors that the republican-minded Mossadegh was planning on abolishing the monarchy and declaring himself President of a new Republic of Iran, leading to a pro-monarchist backlash from the public and leading to a successful result in the coup against the prime minister and the parliament.
The Shah, who had gone into exile during the coup, returned to Iran and named General Fazlollah Zahedi as the new prime minister. Many contemporary sources attribute the coup, or counter coup, entirely to the U.S. American CIA (CIA Coup) and agents of the British MI6 who are reported to have organized and paid for it. These sources point to many other coups in which the CIA was instrumental, such as those in Congo (1964), Chile (1973), and Algeria (1991). Monarchists, however, argue that the counter-coup was in fact a popular uprising, and that the foreign intelligence agencies' undeniable involvement was peripheral. At least some historians argue the coup could not have taken place without both CIA organizing and Iranian support.
Afterwards, the era of constitutional monarchy gradually came to an end as the Shah increasingly exercised his executive powers unilaterally, thus leading towards the development of autocracy. By the early 1970s, with most political parties having been banned, Iran had effectively become a one-party state under Rastakhiz. Liberal leaders like Karim Sanjabi and moderate traditional Islamic leaders like Mohammad Kazem Shariatmadari continued to espouse a constitutional monarchy.
Under increasing international pressure, particularly from President Jimmy Carter of the United States, the Shah pushed forward major democratic reforms in the late 1970s, designed to gradually restore the constitutional monarchy as it had originally been. However, several uprisings in 1978 and 1979 culminated in the Shah, who had been diagnosed with terminal cancer and had kept the fact secret, to leave the country with his family to seek treatment overseas. Within several days the Shah's government had effectively collapsed and the Second Revolution had begun. The new provisional revolutionary government officially abolished the monarchy and declared Iran to be a republic. The following year, in 1980, the Islamic Republic of Iran was established under the Supreme Leadership of Ruhollah Khomeini.
In the months following the Revolution, former Field Marshal of the Imperial Armed Forces Bahram Aryana organized a counter-revolution in exile. Based in Paris, France, with other military officials of the Imperial Armed Forces and Prince Shahriar Shafiq, he established Azadegan, a paramilitary resistance intended to help restore the constitutional monarchy. Fearing a growing counter-revolution, Prince Shahriar was assassinated in Paris in December 1979 by Khomeinist agents, which was a major setback for the monarchist resistance. Despite a number of successful operations which garnered international media attention in 1980 and 1981, the outbreak of war between Iran and Iraq officially brought any hope for counter-revolution to an end.
In the 1990s and the decade following 2000, the Shah's reputation has staged something of a revival, with many Iranians looking back on his era as a time when Iran was more prosperous and the government less oppressive. Journalist Afshin Molavi reports even members of the uneducated poor - traditionally core supporters of the revolution that overthrew the Shah - making remarks such as 'God bless the Shah's soul, the economy was better then;' and finds that "books about the former Shah (even censored ones) sell briskly," while "books of the Rightly Guided Path sit idle."
Monarchist parties.
Monarchist parties and organizations are strictly prohibited by the government of the Islamic Republic of Iran and monarchists and their sympathizers are subject to imprisonment if discovered. However, monarchists remain active in Los Angeles and maintain links with their organizations and parties in Europe such as Azadegan, the Constitutionalist Party and Rastakhiz.
Monarchist groups such as Azadegan and Constitutionalist only advocate for the restoration of the constitutional monarchy, without necessarily endorsing the Pahlavi dynasty or any other Iranian royal dynasty. Rastakhiz specifically calls for the return of the House of Pahlavi to the throne.
The former Crown Prince of Iran, Reza Pahlavi, himself does not advocate the restoration of his royal house, instead stating that the matter is for Iranians themselves to decide in a national referendum whether or not to restore the constitutional monarchy with the restoration of the House of Pahlavi.

</doc>
<doc id="20188783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188783" title="Nicole Steinwedell">
Nicole Steinwedell

Nicole Steinwedell is an American film and television actress. The daughter of two Marines, Nicole is best known for playing Bridget "Red Cap" Sullivan on the CBS series "The Unit" and as Philomena "Philly" Rotchliffer in the TV-series "Breakout Kings".

</doc>
<doc id="20188787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188787" title="United States Senate election in New Mexico, 2002">
United States Senate election in New Mexico, 2002

The 2002 United States Senate election in New Mexico was held on November 5, 2002. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Pete Domenici won re-election to a sixth term.

</doc>
<doc id="20188813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188813" title="Caliper Life Sciences">
Caliper Life Sciences

Caliper, A PerkinElmer Company is based in Hopkinton, Massachusetts with direct sales, service and application-support operations in countries around the globe. Founded in 1995, Caliper
develops products and services to the life sciences research community, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and government and other not-for profit research institutions.
Caliper’s integrated systems, consisting of instruments, software and reagents, laboratory automation tools and drug discovery assay services enable researchers to better understand the basis for disease and more effectively discover safe and effective drugs. Caliper’s product portfolio includes, microfluidics, lab automation & liquid handling, optical imaging technologies, and drug discovery & drug development outsourcing solutions.
Microfluidic Platform.
Caliper is a pioneer in microfluidic lab-on-a-chip technology which represents a significant advancement in laboratory experimentation, bringing the benefits of miniaturization, integration and automation to numerous research-based industries. Caliper’s proprietary microfluidic sipper chips are a high-throughput complement to the planar chips which Caliper manufactures for the Agilent Bioanalyzer 2100. The microfluidic technology forms the basis of Caliper’s LabChip EZ reader systems used for drug screening and profiling and the LabChip GX series for molecular biology DNA, RNA and protein analysis.
Optical Imaging.
Through its acquisition of Xenogen Corporation in 2006, Caliper is now a developer of in vivo biophotonic imaging technology, which allows for real-time, non-invasive exploration of genes, proteins, pathogens, and tumor cells in living animals. Caliper offers a complement of patented biophotonic and fluorescent imaging technologies, as well as genetically modified animal programs. Caliper’s imaging product lines include a suite of IVIS imaging systems - many measuring both bioluminescence and fluorescence, "in vivo" imaging reagents, specialized light producing animal models, and genetic modification programs for pharmaceutical and biotechnology research and development. In a recent Japanese study, the IVIS imaging system was used to evaluate the binding affinity and RNA interference (RNAi) of LMWC/siRNA complexes.
Lab Automation & Liquid Handling.
Caliper has held a long standing position in laboratory automation starting with the introduction of the world’s first lab robotic system, the Zymark Zymate. To date, Caliper has a number of lab automation and liquid handling systems for the life sciences industry. In January 2009, the Zephyr Genomics Workstation was introduced which promises to deliver a benchtop solution for automating routine but critical processes for molecular biology such as nucleic acid purification, reaction setup and normalization.
In addition to automating molecular biology, Caliper has many other robotic systems including the Zephyr SPE and RapidTrace SPE workstations to automate solid phase extraction and several liquid handling and plate management systems including the Sciclone ALH 3000 liquid handler and Twister II systems to automate drug discovery and development.
Caliper also custom designs integrated vendor-neutral instruments and software such as the Twister II - LightCycler (Roche) integrated system which fully automates real-time PCR.
Discovery and Development Outsourcing Solutions.
Caliper’s Discovery Alliances & Services division (CDAS) was created from the acquisitions of NovaScreen, a provider of in vitro & in vivo discovery services. CDAS develops, utilizes, and provides a comprehensive array of services to improve the productivity, accelerate the pace, and reduce the cost of the drug discovery process. The "in vitro" service arm of CDAS includes a comprehensive array of "in vitro" drug discovery and development solutions including more than 1000 screening assays that help define the mode of action, side effect profiles, selectivity, and other relevant activities of drug candidates. "In vivo" capabilities include: non-invasive "in vivo" optical imaging, OncoMouse studies, and "in vivo" compound evaluations for safety assessment and drug repositioning.
History.
Caliper Life Sciences was founded in 1995 by Larry Bock and Drs. Michael Knapp, Michael Ramsey and Andrea Manz. as Caliper Technologies with a strong focus on microfluidics technology. In 2003, Caliper acquired Zymark a leader in laboratory automation and robotics and Caliper Life Sciences was born. In October 2005, Caliper acquired NovaScreen Biosciences Corporation a privately held CRO offering pre-clinical drug discovery and development services. NovaScreen’s services included "in vitro" compound profiling for safety assessment, drug discovery screening services for targets such as GPCRs, Kinases, Ion Channels, Transporters, Nuclear Receptors and customized assay development services. In August 2006, Caliper acquired Xenogen Corporation, a developer of "in vivo" optical imaging systems (IVIS systems) and its division, Xenogen Biosciences a CRO offering "in vivo" transgenic animal production, phenotyping, gene targeting and "in vivo" optical imaging services.
At the end of October 2008, SOTAX—a tester and software developer of medical devices—acquired Caliper's Pharmaceutical Development & Quality Analysis (PDQ) Division for $15.8 Million. Shortly thereafter on November 10, 2008, Caliper's AutoTrace(r) line of product was acquired by Dionex.
In December 2009, Taconic Farms acquired XenoGen Biosciences "in vivo" pre-clinical CRO subsidiary of Caliper Life Sciences. A year later in December 2010, Caliper purchased Cambridge Research & Instrumentation Inc. for about $20 million in a cash and stock deal.
In September 2011, PerkinElmer agreed to buy Caliper Life Sciences for $600 million. On November 7, 2011, PerkinElmer completed the acquisition of Caliper Life Sciences for a total net purchase price of approximately $600 million in cash.
Intellectual Property.
Caliper's portfolio of microfluidics-related patents has been ranked as high as #2 in technological strength in the Biotech/Pharma sector of the MIT Technology Review Patent Scorecard. Caliper actively out-licenses this portfolio as part of its Caliper Driven program to broaden and accelerate the availability of new technologies and products for life science and diagnostics applications. Licensing Caliper's microfluidic intellectual property benefits existing and potential partners by enhancing the strength of their product and service offerings through the incorporation of Caliper’s technology. Caliper also provides commercial and academic customers with proprietary methods via its Optical Imaging Patent Suite. The notification of allowance of Caliper’s patent claims for conjugate fluorescence imaging methods from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has added yet another valuable component to Caliper's widespread intellectual property estate.

</doc>
<doc id="20188834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188834" title="Nuclear Fuel Complex">
Nuclear Fuel Complex

The Nuclear Fuel Complex (NFC) was established in 1971 as a major industrial unit of Department of Atomic Energy, for the supply of nuclear fuel bundles and reactor core components. It is a unique facility where natural and enriched uranium fuel, zirconium alloy cladding and reactor core components are manufactured under one roof. NFC symbolizes the strong emphasis on self-reliance in the Indian Nuclear Power Programme.
Natural uranium, mined at Jaduguda Uranium Mine in the Singhbhum area of Jharkhand state, is converted into nuclear fuel assemblies. A 220 MW PHWR fuel bundle contains 15.2 kg of natural uranium dioxide. Uranium dioxide pellets, which generate heat while undergoing fission, also generate fission products. The fission products, which are radioactive should be contained and not allowed to mix with coolant water. Hence the UO2, pellets are contained in zirconium alloy tubes with both ends hermetically sealed.
NFC is planning to establish two major fuel fabrication facilities to meet the expected jump in nuclear power production 
Location.
Located near the famous shrine of Moulali at Hyderabad, NFC is spread over . Production in its various plants started in the early seventies. Presently NFC has around 3600 personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="20188838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188838" title="KNEB-FM">
KNEB-FM

KNEB-FM (94.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Scottsbluff, Nebraska, USA, the station serves the Scottsbluff area. The station is owned by Nebraska Rural Radio Association and features programing from ABC Radio and Westwood One.

</doc>
<doc id="20188851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188851" title="Boutroux">
Boutroux

Boutroux is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20188853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188853" title="Love Will Turn You Around">
Love Will Turn You Around

Love Will Turn You Around is the tenth solo studio album by Kenny Rogers, released in 1982.
The title cut was the debut single and charted well, reaching #1 on the U.S. and Canadian country charts and adult contemporary charts, and #13 on the Hot 100 chart. The other single, "A Love Song", didn't fare as well, only reaching #1 in Canada and #3 on the U.S. Country chart.
The album peaked at #34 on the Billboard 200 charts. The album has been certified Platinum in both the U.S. and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20188864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188864" title="Pete Goldschmidt">
Pete Goldschmidt

Dr. Peter Goldschmidt is a senior researcher at UCLA's National Center for Research on Evaluation, Standards, and Student Testing (CRESST) and a contributor to a compilation of essays and studies entitled "Unequal Schools, Unequal Chances". Dr. Goldschmidt's research interests include investigating proper methods for monitoring student and school performance. His focus involves mediating and moderating factors such as community, organization, and policy effects on student outcomes by applying innovative cross-sectional and longitudinal random effects models to analyses of school quality, cost effectiveness studies, and program evaluations. His interests also include the effect of schooling on the transition to work and comparisons with international education systems.
Education.
PhD, 1997, School of Education, University of California, Los Angeles, Division of Social Research Methodology, Emphasis: Economics of Education 
MA, 1987, University of California, Santa Barbara, Major: Economics
BA, 1985, University of California, Los Angeles, Major: Economics

</doc>
<doc id="20188882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188882" title="Dominique Horwitz">
Dominique Horwitz

Dominique Horwitz (born April 23, 1957) is a French film and television actor and singer.
Life.
Horwitz was born on April 23, 1957 in Paris, France to German Jewish refugee parents, who had both fled Nazi Germany. In 1971 the family moved to Berlin. He attended a Franco-German grammar-school. He has a sister and a brother. About twenty years Horwitz was located in Hamburg where he was married. From his first marriage with his wife Patricia he has two children, the actress Miriam and Laszlo. Today he lives with his second wife Anna and the children Mick and Marlene in Tiefengruben, Bad Berka, a village near Weimar in Thuringia. He is a prominent supporter of social institutions in Weimar, where he helps unemployed youths in a boxclub. He also organizes boxing tournaments and links them with culture. Between the boxing matches musical newcomers can perform their music.
Career.
He has appeared in over thirty films and over fifty television productions. His first screen role was appearing as Leo Singer in the film "David" (1979).
In 1992, Horwitz received the Golden Lion Award for the Best Actor from the Venice Film Festival.
Also played the role of the Devil (pegleg) in the theatre production "The Black Rider" (William S. Burroughs, Robert Wilson, Tom Waits)
Horwitz is perhaps best known for playing Obergefreiter Fritz Reiser in "Stalingrad" (1993).

</doc>
<doc id="20188885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188885" title="Rockline">
Rockline

Rockline is a nationally syndicated radio interview program hosted by Bob Coburn that broadcasts live via satellite every Monday and Wednesday night from 8:30pm-10pm PT to radio stations in the United States. Founded in 1981, it is considered to be the longest running, uninterrupted program in rock history. The main guests interviewed on the program are various musical artists of the rock genre, including both active rock artists (on Mondays) and classic rock artists (on Wednesdays). The primary feature of the program is the ability for listeners to call live and ask questions to the guests. Several of the shows are also live performances.
History.
Owners, syndicators, and show format.
Rockline started in 1981 with a weekly format on Monday nights, Monday being chosen because at the time most bands did not play on Mondays. The first guests on the show were Joe Walsh of the Eagles and Tom Johnston of The Doobie Brothers, on May 4, 1981. The show generally originated in Los Angeles, occasionally from the ABC Studios in New York City. Jimmy Fink was the local producer when Rockline originated in NY. In June 1998, AMFM Radio Networks purchased Rockline, among other programs, from the Global Satellite Network. Under the ownership of AMFM, the show expanded to two nights a week, Mondays and Wednesdays, on January 1, 1999. In August 2000, AMFM was merged into Premiere Radio Networks, a wholly owned subsidiary of Clear Channel Communications. Two years later, in November 2002, Premiere announced that 15 programs were being cut from their roster, including Rockline. Shortly thereafter, in January 2003, host Bob Coburn purchased the show from Premiere. Later that same year, in November, Crystal Media Networks began syndicating the show. November 2008 saw a change in syndicator when Dial Global picked up Rockline, while Bob Coburn continued to be the host.
Hosts.
The original host for six months was B. Mitchel Reed. Following that, Coburn was the lone host until the early 1990s. Following his departure, there were three full-time hosts, Steve Downes, Beau Rials and Riki Rachtman, until March 10, 1997 when Coburn returned.
Guests.
Two major "hold-out" guests who have yet to appear on the show are Bruce Springsteen and Eric Clapton. The two guests who have been on the most are Ozzy Osbourne (19 times) and Rush (18 times).
Notable non-musical guests include then Governor of Arkansas Bill Clinton with running mate, then-United States Senator from Tennessee Al Gore during their presidential campaign in 1992; and on December 16, 1993 radio superstar Howard Stern, the latter of whom was promoting his New Year's Eve Pay-per-view special.

</doc>
<doc id="20188886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188886" title="KSID (AM)">
KSID (AM)

KSID (1340 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a New Country format. Licensed to Sidney, Nebraska, USA, the station serves the Sidney area and is currently owned by KSID Radio. It features programing from ABC Radio .

</doc>
<doc id="20188890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188890" title="550th Fighter Squadron">
550th Fighter Squadron

The 550th Fighter Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with 56th Operations Group, being inactivated at Luke Air Force Base, Arizona on 30 March 1995.
The units World War II predecessor unit, the 550th Night Fighter Squadron served with Thirteenth Air Force in the Southwest Pacific Theater, engaging in combat over the Dutch East Indies and Philippines in 1944 and 1945.
History.
World War II.
The 550th Night Fighter Squadron was the last P-61 Black Widow squadron trained during World War II, receiving its training in California rather than in Florida. Assigned to Thirteenth Air Force, arriving at Hollandia in the Dutch East Indies part of New Guinea in December 1944. Deployed to forward bases at Middleburg and Wama, but during 1945 aerial targets became increasingly rare, and the squadron turned to long range night-time intruding, carrying out the same mission as the aircraft they had originally been stalking, the P-61's long range enabled attacks on Japanese targets as far as the Philippines.
Moved to newly established bases in the Philippines in March, and the 550th NFS began flying a number of direct infantry support missions, helping with the battle on Negros. Aircraft were modified in the field to accommodate 5-inch High Velocity Aircraft Rockets (HVAR). Rockets were used in the squadron's night intruder missions. Performed joint operations with the 418th and 418th NFS during the invasion of Balikpapan on the east coast of Borneo in late June 1945; staging out of Sanga Sanga in the Sulu Archipelago. Performed pre-invasion intruder strikes, expending large numbers of 5-inch HVARS, and performing night air defense over the invasion Naval task force.
Combat ending by the end of July. Personnel largely demobilized after the end of the war in September, aircraft sent to Okinawa for reassignment. The squadron was inactivated as a paper unit in California in early 1946.
Cold War.
Reactivated in 1970 at Luke AFB, Arizona as an F-4C Phantom II RTU Training Squadron, carried tail code "LA" with a red fin cap, taking over the assets of the provisional 4517th Combat Crew Training Squadron. The task of the 550th was to take experienced pilots and WSO's and train them to fly the F-4 as one of the main providers of fighter pilots for Tactical Air Command and fighter forces worldwide.
The 58th Tactical Training Wing served as the Replacement Training Unit (RTU) for F-15A operations during the initial phases of the introduction of the Eagle into service. The wing had received its first TF-15A Eagle in November 1974, however problems with the reliability of the F100 engines led to the 550th TFTS not being equipped with the aircraft until 1977. The improved F-15C/D model arrived in 1982 for pilot training.
In the late 1980s, the F-15E Strike Eagle ground attack version of the F-15 arrived at Luke, and the 550th was equipped with the new aircraft in March 1989, aircraft carrying a white fin cap. Once qualified the crews were then relocated to an operational squadron at the 4th Tactical Fighter Wing located at Seymour-Johnson AFB, North Carolina. It was inactivated in November 1991 as part of the phasedown of F-15 training at Luke.
However, the 555th Fighter Squadron stationed at Luke AFB was transferred to Aviano AB, Italy in April 1994 as part of reorganization involving both USAFE and Air Combat Command. In its place the 550th Fighter Squadron was reactivated as an F-15E RTU squadron in March, assuming the 555th's aircraft and personnel, with the aircraft carrying Balack tail stripe with silver wings. However, by 1994 all F-15 air defence training had been concentrated at Tyndall AFB, Florida, with the resident Luke F-15 Eagle squadrons reduced to just the 461st and 550th Fighter Squadrons flying the F-15E Strike Eagle. Looking at the costs made and efficiency it was decided to be much more cost effective to make the 58th OG an all F-16 Fighting Falcon group. Therefore it was decided that Strike Eagle training at Luke was to cease with assets transferred to the 4th Fighter Wing at Seymour-Johnson AFB, North Carolina. 
In late 1994 the F-15E's from the 550th FS started leaving Luke AFB, and being assigned to the newly formed 333d Fighter Squadron (RTU) at Seymour-Johnson AFB. The last crews graduated at Luke AFB in February 1995 and the last F-15E left Luke AFB in March closing an era of 21 years F-15's at Luke AFB. The 550th FS was inactivated on 31 March.

</doc>
<doc id="20188893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188893" title="Newton-Beijing Jingshan School Exchange Program">
Newton-Beijing Jingshan School Exchange Program

The Newton-Beijing Jingshan School Exchange Program is the oldest student exchange of public secondary school students between the United States and the People's Republic of China. The city of Newton, Massachusetts, hosts students and teachers from the Jingshan School in Beijing for four months each fall and sends students and teachers from Newton North High School and Newton South to Beijing each spring.
History.
Beginning in 1985, though relations began in 1979, through 1989, groups of two to three teachers and four to five students spent a semester living, studying, and working in one another’s school community in alternate years. Intensive language and cultural study preceded each visit. (The American students in Beijing at the beginning of the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 were sent home early, though it is unlikely they would have still been in Beijing by June 4, 1989.) After a five-year hiatus, the exchange program was resurrected, and began the schedule it is currently on: Chinese students going to the U.S. for four months in the Fall, and American students going to China for four months in the Spring.
Each school pays the respective travel expenses, while host families provide room and board. Through multiple programs and grants, about 80 teachers and administrators have been able to visit the Jingshan School outside the exchange program as well. The Newton-Beijing Jingshan Program has been a model for exchange programs across the country. The program is currently chaired by former exchange teacher Donna Fong.

</doc>
<doc id="20188909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188909" title="All Their Best (The Jets album)">
All Their Best (The Jets album)

All Their Best is the tenth album (including "Christmas with The Jets") by The Jets. The album is the third greatest hits collection from the group. It includes all re-recorded songs from the album "Then & Now".

</doc>
<doc id="20188926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188926" title="William Fiske (footballer)">
William Fiske (footballer)

William "Tommy" Fisk/e (7 August 1885 — May 1918) was an English professional football goalkeeper. He spent seven years at Blackpool in the early 1900s, making over 200 Football League appearances for the club.
Blackpool.
Beccles-born Fiske made his debut for Blackpool mid-way through the 1907–08 league season, in a 2–1 defeat at Lancashire rivals Burnley on Christmas Day 1907, taking over from Stephen Tillotson. He went on to appear in the remaining 21 league games of the season, as well as Blackpool's FA Cup exit game at Manchester United on 11 January 1908.
The following season, 1908–09, Fiske appeared in all but one of Blackpool's league games, missing only the penultimate game — a single-goal defeat at Gainsborough Trinity. Tillotson deputised for the 17 April 1909 fixture, after 57 league games on the sidelines.
Fiske achieved his ever-present honour in 1909–10, starting each of Blackpool's 38 league and two FA Cup fixtures. He kept eleven clean sheets in the process.
He looked set to repeat the feat in 1910–11; however, after 33 league games he was omitted from the team, with Jimmy Kidd taking his place for the five remaining games.
Fiske returned to the team for the start of the 1911–12 campaign, and went on to make 32 appearances in the league.
In 1912–13, his 22 league appearances came in three spells. He played in the first seven games before being dropped in favour of Kidd, who took over for the next eight games. Fiske then returned to the side for six games, only to lose his place to Kidd for eight games. Finally, he regained his place in the team for the remaining nine games.
1913–14 was Fiske's final season with Blackpool. He appeared in 34 of the club's 38 league games, his final one being a 4–1 defeat at Bradford City in the final game of the season, in front of a crowd of 25,500.
Fiske went on to play four league matches and one FA Cup match for Nottingham Forest in the 1914–15 season.
Death.
Fiske was later killed in action in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="20188928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188928" title="KSID-FM">
KSID-FM

KSID-FM (98.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic rock format. Licensed to Sidney, Nebraska, USA, the station is currently owned by KSID Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="20188967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20188967" title="John Nesbitt (announcer)">
John Nesbitt (announcer)

John Nesbitt (August 23, 1910 – August 10, 1960) was an actor, narrator, announcer, producer and screenwriter born in Victoria, British Columbia, who died in Carmel, California. Nesbitt was best known as the narrator of the MGM series Passing Parade.
In 1940, Nesbitt bought the Ennis House and had it altered by Frank Lloyd Wright, adding a north-terrace pool and ground-floor billiard room, as well as the first heating system for the building.

</doc>
<doc id="20189005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189005" title="Trash the Planet">
Trash the Planet

Trash the Planet is the fourth studio album by Australian rock band Spy vs Spy, produced by Craig Leon (The Ramones, Blondie) and released through WEA in November, 1989.
Track listing.
All songs written by Craig Bloxom, Michael Wieley, Cliff Grigg and R Thomas

</doc>
<doc id="20189022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189022" title="Johann Heinrich Pabst">
Johann Heinrich Pabst

Johann Heinrich Pabst (January 25, 1785 – July 28, 1838) was a German-Austrian physician, philosopher and lay theologian who was a native of Lindau in Eichsfeld.
In 1807 he earned his medical doctorate at the University of Göttingen, and afterwards relocated to Vienna. Later, he served as a military physician for an Austrian battalion during the Napoleonic Wars. In 1810, he resigned from his position at a hospital in Eger on account of severe illness, and during convalescence his primary interests turned to theology and philosophy. 
In the 1820s, Pabst formed a close friendship with Austrian philosopher Anton Günther (1783–1863), and the two men collaborated on the treatise "Janusköpfe für Philosophie und Theologie" (Heads of Janus for philosophy and theology). Pabst was also the author of the following works:

</doc>
<doc id="20189054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189054" title="José Luis Martínez Gullotta">
José Luis Martínez Gullotta

José Luis Martínez Gullotta (born 12 January 1984 in San Rafael, Mendoza Province) is an Argentine football goalkeeper currently playing for Boca Unidos.
Career.
He filled in as the starting goaltender at the end of Torneo Clausura 2008 due to injuries to the top two Racing goaltenders. He kept the starting job into the beginning part of Apertura 2008 until being removed in favor of Pablo Migliore.
In 2010, he was released from Racing and joined second division side Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy.

</doc>
<doc id="20189060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189060" title="Tell-Tale (film)">
Tell-Tale (film)

Tell-Tale is a 2009 thriller film inspired by the Edgar Allan Poe short story "The Tell-Tale Heart". It is directed by Michael Cuesta and stars Josh Lucas, Lena Headey, and Brian Cox and is produced by Tony Scott and Ridley Scott.
Plot.
A man's recently transplanted heart leads him on a frantic search to find the donor's killer before a similar fate befalls him.
In Providence, a husband and his wife die in a botched robbery; we see flickers of his last memories. His heart goes to Terry Bernard, a single father raising a girl with a rare degenerative disease. After the operation, Terry has flashes of memory from the last moments of the dead donor's life. Then, he recognizes one of the donor's killers and follows him into an alley. Within days, Terry becomes an unwilling avenger, with a police detective on his trail. Meanwhile, he begins a romance with his daughter's doctor, his moods complicated by memory flashes, the donor's deepening presence in both Terry's mind and body, and the unexplained bond among the donor's killers. Can this end well?
Release.
The film received a DVD and Blu-ray Disc release on 25 May 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20189077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189077" title="West Bloomfield School District">
West Bloomfield School District

West Bloomfield School District is located in the affluent town of West Bloomfield, Michigan. It was formed in 1949 and covers approximately sixteen square miles. In May of 2011, superintendent Dr. JoAnn Andrees succeeded Dr. Gary Faber in 2008. In July 2012, Dr. Gerald D. Hill succeeded Dr. Andrees as the Superintendent of West Bloomfield School District. The West Bloomfield School District has been recognized as one of the top public school districts in the country in 2010 .
Attendance area.
The approximately district includes all of West Bloomfield and Keego Harbor, about 99% of Orchard Lake Village and about 10% of Sylvan Lake.
Demographics.
As of 2013 the district has 6,633 students, with 5,703 living within the district and 1,326 from outside the district as part of its "Schools of Choice" program. A 2008 survey indicated that major non-English languages spoken in families of students included Albanian, Arabic, Chaldean, Chinese, German, Hebrew, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Romanian, Russian, Spanish and Urdu.
Athletics.
West Bloomfield Schools are a voluntary member of the Michigan High School Athletic Association (MHSAA). West Bloomfield High School is a member of the Oakland Activities Association which comprises 24 Oakland County Schools. It is divided into three or four divisions in order to develop equitable competition. Realignment takes place annually to ensure that the goals and criteria are met.
West Bloomfield Middle Schools, Abbott and OLMS, are members of the Farmington-West Bloomfield League. Swimming and Track are affiliated with schools outside of the FWB to create equitable competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20189085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189085" title="Redmine">
Redmine

Redmine is a free and open source, web-based project management and bug-tracking tool. It includes a calendar and Gantt charts to aid visual representation of projects and their deadlines. It handles multiple projects. Redmine provides integrated project management features, issue tracking, and support for various version control systems.
The design of Redmine is significantly influenced by Trac, a software package with some similar features.
Redmine is written using the Ruby on Rails framework. It is cross-platform and cross-database. It is part of the Bitnami app library that provides an installer and virtual machine for ease of deployment.
Adoption.
Redmine is reported to have more than 80 major installations worldwide.
Among the users of Redmine are Gentoo's Summer of Code and Ruby.
Fork.
Following concerns with the way the feedback and patches from the Redmine community were being handled a group of Redmine developers created a fork of the project in February 2011. The fork was initially named Bluemine, but changed to ChiliProject after.
Mobile application.
MintRedmine, a free Android application, allows user to manage mintRedmine issues and can be used with Redmine server version 2.2 and higher.

</doc>
<doc id="20189112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189112" title="Mike Sadek">
Mike Sadek

Michael George Sadek (born May 30, 1946) is a former Major League Baseball catcher. Originally drafted by the Minnesota Twins in 1969, he spent his entire major league career with the San Francisco Giants. He was a backup throughout his eight-year major league career, which spanned the years and through .

</doc>
<doc id="20189127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189127" title="František Černík">
František Černík

František Černík (born June 3, 1953 in Nový Jičín, Czechoslovakia) is a professional ice hockey player who played in 1984–85 for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20189150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189150" title="Milan Chalupa">
Milan Chalupa

Milan Chalupa (born July 4, 1953 in Oudoleň, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech former professional ice hockey defenceman who played 14 games for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League.
Chalupa began his career with HC Dukla Jihlava. He was drafted 49th overall by the Detroit Red Wings in the 1984 NHL Entry Draft and played 14 games during the 1984-85 NHL season, contributing five assists. He moved to Germany in 1985 with EHC Freiburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20189164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189164" title="United States Senate election in Oklahoma, 2002">
United States Senate election in Oklahoma, 2002

The 2002 United States Senate election in Oklahoma was held on November 5, 2002. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Jim Inhofe won re-election to a second term.

</doc>
<doc id="20189179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189179" title="Réjean Cloutier">
Réjean Cloutier

Réjean Cloutier (born February 15, 1960 in Windsor, Quebec) is a former professional hockey player who played for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20189185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189185" title="Wilhelm Groth">
Wilhelm Groth

Wilhelm Groth (9 January 1904 in Hamburg – 20 February 1977 in Bonn) was a German physical chemist. During World War II, he worked on the German nuclear energy project, also known as the Uranium Club; his main activity was the development of centrifuges for the enrichment of uranium. After the war, he was a professor of physical chemistry at the University of Hamburg. In 1950, he became director of the Institute of Physical Chemistry at the University of Bonn. He was a principal in the 1956 shipment of three centrifuges for uranium enrichment to Brazil.
Education.
From 1922 to 1927, Groth studied at the "Technische Hochschule München" (today, the Technical University of Munich ("Technische Universität München"), the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich ("Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München"), and the University of Tübingen ("Eberhard Karls Universität Tübingen"). He received his doctorate in 1927 under Walther Gerlach at Tübingen. His thesis was on the determination of electromechanical equivalents.
Career.
In 1927, Groth became a teaching assistant at the "Technische Hochschule Hannover", today the University of Hanover ("Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Universität Hannover").
In 1932, Groth became an assistant to Otto Stern and Paul Harteck at the "Institut für Physikalische Chemie" (Institute for Physical Chemistry) at the University of Hamburg. He completed his Habilitation at Hamburg at the end of 1938, following complicated negotiations with Hamburg district leadership of the "Nationalsozialistischer Deutscher Dozentenbund" (NSDDB, National Socialist German University Lecturers League).
Shortly after the discovery of nuclear fission in December 1938/January 1939, the "Uranverein", i.e., the German nuclear energy project, had an initial start in April before being formed a second time under the "Heereswaffenamt" (HWA, Army Ordnance Office) in September.
Paul Harteck was director of the physical chemistry department at the University of Hamburg and an advisor to the "Heereswaffenamt" (HWA, Army Ordnance Office). On 24 April 1939, along with his teaching assistant Wilhelm Groth, Harteck made contact with the "Reichskriegsministerium" (RKM, Reich Ministry of War) to alert them to the potential of military applications of nuclear chain reactions and point out its political significance. Two days earlier, on 22 April 1939, after hearing a colloquium paper by Wilhelm Hanle on the use of uranium fission in a "Uranmaschine" (uranium machine, i.e., nuclear reactor), Georg Joos, along with Hanle, notified Wilhelm Dames, at the "Reichserziehungsministerium" (REM, Reich Ministry of Education), of potential military applications of nuclear energy. The communication was given to Abraham Esau, head of the physics section of the "Reichsforschungsrat" (RFR, Reich Research Council) at the REM. On 29 April, a group, organized by Esau, met at the REM to discuss the potential of a sustained nuclear chain reaction. The group included the physicists Walther Bothe, Robert Döpel, Hans Geiger, Wolfgang Gentner (probably sent by Walther Bothe), Wilhelm Hanle, Gerhard Hoffmann, and Georg Joos; Peter Debye was invited, but he did not attend. After this, informal work began at the Georg-August University of Göttingen by Joos, Hanle, and their colleague Reinhold Mannfopff; the group of physicists was known informally as the first "Uranverein" (Uranium Club) and formally as "Arbeitsgemeinschaft für Kernphysik". The group’s work was discontinued in August 1939, when the three were called to military training.
The second "Uranverein" began after the "Heereswaffenamt" squeezed out the "Reichsforschungsrat" of the "Reichserziehungsministerium" and started the formal German nuclear energy project under military auspices. The second "Uranverein" was formed on 1 September 1939, the day World War II began, and it had its first meeting on 16 September 1939. The meeting was organized by Kurt Diebner, advisor to the HWA, and held in Berlin. The invitees included Walther Bothe, Siegfried Flügge, Hans Geiger, Otto Hahn, Paul Harteck, Gerhard Hoffmann, Josef Mattauch, and Georg Stetter. A second meeting was held soon thereafter and included Klaus Clusius, Robert Döpel, Werner Heisenberg, and Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker. Also at this time, the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für Physik" (KWIP, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics, after World War II the Max Planck Institute for Physics), in Berlin-Dahlem, was placed under HWA authority, with Diebner as the administrative director, and the military control of the nuclear research commenced.
As a principal in the "Uranverein", Harteck brought many of his colleagues at Hamburg into the project’s activities; this included Groth. At the end of 1939, Groth tested simultaneously with Rudolf Fleischmann the Clusius-Dickel isotope separation process on uranium hexafluoride, with negative results. In the autumn of 1941, Groth, Harteck, and Albert Suhr began the construction of an ultracentrifuge for the enrichment of uranium-235. The construction was done under the auspices of an "Heereswaffenamt" contract let by Kurt Diebner. The "Anschütz & Co. G.m.b.H.", a gyroscope firm in Kiel, was a participant in the project; at "Anschütz", Konrad Beyerle was in charge of centrifuge research and development. In 1943, enrichment to 5% was achieved, however, technical difficulties hindered large-scale production. The "Anschütz" corporation told Groth that for mass production they would require many more mechanics and engineers. In 1945 Groth was captured by T-Force, a British Army unit established to locate German scientists. The officer who captured Groth was Brian Urquhart.
After 1945, Groth was appointed "nichtplanmäßiger Professor" (supernumerary professor) of physical chemistry at Hamburg University, with permission of the British occupation government; from 1948, he was an "ausserordentlicher Professor" (extraordinarius professor) there. From 1950, occupying the new created "Lehrstuhl für physikalische Chemie" (chair of physical chemistry), he was head of the Department of Physical Chemistry and an "ordentlicher Professor" (ordinarius professor) at Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn. He was a motivating force behind the building and the design of the "Institut für Physikalische Chemie" (Institute for Physical Chemistry), and when it was completed at the end of 1954 he became its director. He was "Rektor" (Rector) of the University from 1956 to 1966.
Founded in 1956, Groth was one of the founding fathers of the "Kernforschungsanlage Jülich" (today, the Jülich Research Centre ("Forschungszentrum Jülich"), and he was the second chairman ("Vorsitzender") of its Scientific Council. Between 1961 and 1969, he established the "Institut für Physikalische Chemie" (Institute for Physical Chemistry) there.
In 1953, Admiral Alvaro Alberto, the first president of Brazil’s National Research Council, met with Wilhelm Groth, Otto Hahn, and Paul Harteck, at the Institute of Physics in Hamburg. An agreement was made to ship three centrifuges for uranium enrichment, along with supporting equipment, to Brazil. The shipment was to include components from 14 German companies. Initially, the shipment was thwarted by orders of James Conant, U.S. High Commissioner to Germany. The shipment, however, was finally made to in 1956, under the auspices of the University of São Paulo in Brazil.
Internal reports.
The following reports were published in "Kernphysikalische Forschungsberichte" ("Research Reports in Nuclear Physics"), an internal publication of the German "Uranverein". The reports were classified Top Secret, they had very limited distribution, and the authors were not allowed to keep copies. The reports were confiscated under the Allied Operation Alsos and sent to the United States Atomic Energy Commission for evaluation. In 1971, the reports were declassified and returned to Germany. The reports are available at the Karlsruhe Nuclear Research Center and the American Institute of Physics.

</doc>
<doc id="20189209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189209" title="Karma II">
Karma II

Karma: Operation Barbarossa (Korean: 카르마2, and also known as Karma 2) is a free online First Person Shooter game developed by Dragonfly, Futureport, and Blueside, and it is distributed by Dragonfly. It is the sequel to Karma Online, which was the first online First Person Shooter game in South Korea. Karma: Operation Barbarossa was planned to be published in North America by free-to-play publisher ijji, but has recently been officially canceled. However, on March 2011, Joymax picked up the rights to publish the game globally under the name, Karma Online: Prisoners Of The Dead. 
Story.
In 1941, Germany conquered most of the continent of Europe and the Soviet Union fight back against the ever expanding Germany. Karma II is based on this nonfictional story about World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20189215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189215" title="Shaurya (missile)">
Shaurya (missile)

The Shaurya missile (Sanskrit: "Valour") is a canister launched hypersonic surface-to-surface tactical missile developed by the Indian Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO) for use by the Indian Armed Forces. It has a range of between and is capable of carrying a payload of one ton conventional or nuclear warhead. It gives the potential to strike in the short-intermediate range against any adversary. 
Description.
The Shaurya missile is speculated to be the land version of the under-water Sagarika K-15 missile, although DRDO officials have reportedly denied its connection with the K-15 program Shaurya is stored in a composite canister, which makes it much easier to store for long periods without maintenance as well as to handle and transport. It also houses the gas generator to eject the missile from the canister before its solid propellant motors take over to hurl it at the intended target. 
Shaurya missiles can remain hidden or camouflaged in underground silos from enemy surveillance or satellites till they are fired from the special storage-cum-launch canisters. DRDO scientists admit that given Shaurya's limited range at present, either the silos will have to be constructed closer to India's borders or an extended range version will have to be developed. Defence scientists say the high-speed, two-stage Shaurya is highly maneuverable which also makes it less vulnerable to existing anti-missile defence systems. 
Shaurya can reach a velocity of Mach 7.5 even at low altitudes. On November 12, 2008, the missile reached a velocity of Mach 5 as it crossed a distance of 300 km, with a surface temperature of 700° Celsius. The missile performed rolls to spread the heat uniformly on its surface. Flight time is between 500 seconds and 700 seconds. It has been described as a complex system with high-performance navigation and guidance systems, efficient propulsion systems, state-of-the-art control technologies and canisterised launch. It can be easily transported by road and launched by TEL. The missile, encased in a canister, is mounted on a single vehicle, which has only a driver’s cabin, and the vehicle itself is the launch platform. This “single vehicle solution” reduces its signature – it cannot be easily detected by satellites – and makes its deployment easy. The gas generator, located at the bottom of the canister, fires for about a second and a half. It produces high pressure gas, which expands and ejects the missile from the tube. The missile has six motors; the first one is the motor in the gas generator. The centerpiece of a host of new technologies incorporated in Shaurya is its ring laser gyroscope and accelerometer. The ring laser gyroscope was tested and integrated by the Research Center Imarat (RCI) based in Hyderabad.
The Shaurya missile was revealed to be designed specifically to be fired from submarines. A top DRDO scientist has confirmed this and further said that after taking off and reaching a height of about 50 km, the missile starts flying like a Hypersonic cruise missile. Once it reaches the target area it maneuvers towards the target before striking with an accuracy of 20 to 30 m within the target area.
Testing.
Shaurya was first test fired on November 12, 2008. The missile was launched from an underground facility with an in-built canister from Complex-3 of the Integrated Test Range at Chandipur.
The missile was successfully test-fired for the third time, from the Integrated Test Range at Chandipur, Orissa, on Saturday 24 September 2011, in its final configuration. The missile flew at 7.5 Mach, that is, 7.5 times the speed of sound and covered its full range of 700 km in 500 seconds. After this test, the missile is ready for production and induction into the Navy.
Production.
The first lot of this missile has entered production. Testing was done on 24 September 2011 to validate the production of this missile class by randomly picking a missile from the production lot for testing.

</doc>
<doc id="20189222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189222" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1901">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1901

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1901 Australian federal election. The election was held on 29/30 March 1901.
House of Representatives.
Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
South Australia.
Note that South Australia was constituted as one seven-member division, with each elector casting seven votes.
Tasmania.
Note that Tasmania was constituted as one five-member division, with each elector casting one vote.
Senate.
Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Six seats were up for election.
Queensland.
Six seats were up for election.
South Australia.
Six seats were up for election.
Tasmania.
Six seats were up for election.
Victoria.
Six seats were up for election. Fraser and Zeal sat as Protectionists once elected.
Western Australia.
Six seats were up for election.

</doc>
<doc id="20189227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189227" title="Pablo Nicolás Caballero">
Pablo Nicolás Caballero

Pablo Caballero (born July 21, 1986) is an Argentine football forward currently playing for Club Ferro Carril Oeste in the Primera B Nacional.
Career.
Caballero started his professional career in 2007 with Racing Club de Avellaneda. In 2010, he was loaned to Tigre.
Caballero transferred to Chinese Super League side Qingdao Jonoon on 23 July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20189240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189240" title="Swiss German University">
Swiss German University

Swiss German University (SGU) is a government and privately sponsored university for the ASEAN region. SGU is located on BSD City, Java, Indonesia.
The Foundation (Yayasan Swiss German University-Asia), which was established in the year 2000, is a joint effort between Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Indonesia. 
Course structure.
SGU offers courses which combine both theoretical and practical training (internship). The programs and degrees are internationally recognized (double degrees).
SGU students will have twice internships during their study. The first internship will be in Indonesia (domestic) and the second internship will be abroad (usually in Germany, Switzerland, Singapore).

</doc>
<doc id="20189262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189262" title="Ponte San Lorenzo">
Ponte San Lorenzo

The Ponte San Lorenzo is a Roman segmental arch bridge over the river Bacchiglione in Padua, Italy. Constructed between 47 and 30 BC, it is one of the very earliest segmental arched bridges in the world. It is also notable for the slenderness of its piers, unsurpassed in antiquity.
__NOTOC__
Location.
The Ponte San Lorenzo was one of four Roman bridges in ancient Padua crossing the Medoacus (modern Bacchiglione). Located in the "Via San Francesco", the three-arched bridge is today for the most part framed by surrounding buildings, which have moved closer to the river over the centuries. Only its eastern arch spanning the restricted waterway was largely visible until the middle of the 20th century, when it too disappeared from view as the remaining canal was filled up to the "Riviera del Ponti Romani" street. The intact arches of the bridge still exist below street level and can be visited at fixed times by the public. Earthworks in 1773 and 1938, during which parts of the bridge were temporarily excavated, were used for archaeological investigations. 
Two further Roman bridges in Padua are obstructed from sight, the Ponte Corbo, also located in the "Via San Francesco", and the completely inaccessible Ponte Altinate in the "Via Altinate". Both bridges also rest on segmented arches, as does the above-ground Ponte Molino. The fifth Roman bridge in town is the Ponte S. Matteo close to the church of the same name.
Construction.
The Ponte San Lorenzo is 53.30 m long and 8.35 m wide. The date of its construction is fixed by a bridge inscription to between 47 and 30 BC. The bridge is of particular importance in the history of ancient technology for its flattened arches and slender piers. Its three arches span 12.8 m, 14.4 m and 12.5 m, with the span 3.7 times the rise, or, differently put, describing a segment of a circle of 113°. The profile of the structure thus considerably differs from the typical Roman semi-circular bridge arch with its value of 180°.
The pier thickness of Roman bridges varies—as far as determined—between one half and one fifth of the span. Small piers offer less resistance to the water flow, thus reducing the risk of undermined foundations. On the other hand, all piers have to be strong enough to accommodate two arch ribs. The pier thickness of the Ponte San Lorenzo measures only 1.72 m, which corresponds to no more than one eighth of the span of the central opening, a value not to be achieved again until the High Middle Ages.

</doc>
<doc id="20189282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189282" title="Ken Mascara">
Ken Mascara

Ken J. Mascara (born July 8, 1958) is the Sheriff of St. Lucie County, Florida, United States, and is the elected top official of the St. Lucie County Sheriff's Office, one of the largest law enforcement agencies on the Treasure Coast of Florida. Ken J. Mascara is the nephew of former congressman Frank R. Mascara, a Democratic politician from Pennsylvania who served four terms in the United States House of Representatives from 1995 to 2003. Ken Mascara is also a Democrat. First elected in 2000, Mascara is serving his third term as sheriff. By a large margin in 2008, he won re-election against his Republican opponent, Robert Grande, to keep his post as sheriff.
Biography.
Ken J. Mascara was born on July 8, 1958, in Hollywood, Florida.
His educational background includes an Associate of Arts/Associate of Science degree at Indian River State College; Doctor of Chiropractic degree at Life University. He is a graduate of the Executive Development Seminar at the FBI Academy and a graduate of the National Executive Institute at the FBI Academy.
Awards.
Ken J. Mascara has received a number of awards for his service to his community and profession. He was the 1988 Citizen of the Year. He was the Law Enforcement Officer of the Year in 2002 and 2004, and received the 2002 Distinguished Citizen Award, Boy Scouts of America Gulf Stream Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20189359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189359" title="Tyler James (American musician)">
Tyler James (American musician)

Tyler James Geertsma (born March 31, 1982) is an American singer/songwriter based in Nashville, Tennessee. He is best known for his work as a solo recording artist and as keyboardist in Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros.
Early life.
James was born Tyler James Geertsma just north of Seattle in Mount Vernon, WA in 1982. His father is a teacher and his mother an adoption social worker. They raised Tyler and three siblings in the small midwest town of Orange City, IA (population 5582). He began studying piano and trumpet at a young age and later picked up the guitar from his mom. He spent his last year of high school in Holland, MI before moving to Nashville, Tennessee in 2000 to study and pursue music. Tyler enrolled at Belmont University as a Music Business major and worked part-time jobs like meter-reading, pizza delivery, valet, landscaping, and in a retirement home. He used the school's recording studios to make demos and interned at record labels and artist management firms before graduating in 2004.
Career.
In 2005, Tyler teamed with producer Jason Lehning (Guster, David Mead) and released his first EP aptly entitled "An EP". Tyler followed that release with his first national tour, traveling solo in an old Volkswagen Golf. That same year, he joined nine other Nashville singer/songwriters in forming "Ten Out of Tenn", an artist collective aimed at bringing attention to Nashville's non-country music scene. This group consists of: Griffin House, Matthew Perryman Jones, Tyler James, Butterfly Boucher, K.S. Rhoads, Trent Dabbs, Katie Herzig, Jeremy Lister, Andy Davis, and Erin McCarley. "Ten Out of Tenn. Vol. 1" was released in 2005 and featured Tyler's song "Stay Humble".
In 2007, Tyler and Leigh Nash sang a duet for the "Bridge To Terabithia" soundtrack, the song was entitled "A Place For Us". In August, 2007, Tyler released his second EP, titled "Sweet Relief". The release contained four tracks described as "a more complex sound, indicating grander ambitions (and resources)." Also in 2007, Tyler's music was featured on MTV's hit show The Hills, and ABC's Brothers and Sisters. In 2008, Ten Out of Tenn. released their second compilation album, "Ten Out of Tenn. Vol. 2". featuring Tyler's song "Down To The Garden". The group embarked on four national tours between the summer of 2008 and winter of 2009.
In 2008, breaking from his usual style of music, Tyler collaborated with Los Angeles based DJ Morgan Page on the song "Call My Name". According to Page, "It's a bit of a sentimental song, but I think it does a good job of straddling the lines of pop and electronic music." This single hit number 1 on Billboard's Heatseekers charts in September 2008.
On March 2, 2010, Tyler released his first full-length album, "It Took the Fire" on his own Son of Geert Records. The album contains twelve tracks and was recorded at House of David Studios on Music Row in Nashville, Tennessee.
In early 2010, Tyler began touring as a member of the Los Angeles based band Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros while continuing to venture out as a solo artist. The band recently completed an Australian tour as well as an extensive summer tour that included festival performances at Coachella, Bonnaroo, Sasquatch!, Telluride Bluegrass Festival, Newport Folk Festival, and Lollapalooza. Their first full-length recording, Up from Below, was released July 7, 2009 digitally and July 14, 2009 physically on Vagrant Records.
In November 2011, Tyler went into the studio with Jessica Maros, a fashion designer from Tennessee. They recorded their first album, "The Ghost of Escondido" in a single day, under the name Escondido. They debuted later that month at the Mercy Lounge in Nashville. Their album was released in February 2013.
Tyler has toured with several artists, including Denison Witmer, Diane Birch, The Autumn Defense, Mat Kearney, Pico vs. Island Trees, Paper Route, and Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros 

</doc>
<doc id="20189426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189426" title="Milsap Magic">
Milsap Magic

Milsap Magic is the eleventh studio album by Country singer Ronnie Milsap. It was released in 1980 under the RCA Records label. The two A-side singles from the album, "Why Don't You Spend the Night" and "My Heart", reached #1 on the Billboard country chart, and two B-sides, "Silent Night (After the Fight)" and "Misery Loves Company", also received airplay as double-sided singles.

</doc>
<doc id="20189436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189436" title="List of landforms of Canada">
List of landforms of Canada


</doc>
<doc id="20189458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189458" title="Bluit, New Mexico">
Bluit, New Mexico

Bluit is a ghost town in southern Roosevelt County, in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of New Mexico. The village is located about 12 miles east of Milnesand, New Mexico, on NM 262. There are few remains of the community now standing, as the site is long abandoned. The Bluit cemetery is located at N 33° 38'10.25" and W 103° 08'56.81".

</doc>
<doc id="20189463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189463" title="Ángel Cappa">
Ángel Cappa

Miguel Ángel Cappa Polchi (born September 6, 1946) is an Argentine football manager and former player.
Playing career.
Cappa played for Olimpo and in Villa Mitre in the 1960s and 1970s, in Bahía Blanca. His career was undistinguished.
Coaching career.
Following his retirement as a player, Cappa took up coaching. He worked as assistant manager to César Luis Menotti in FC Barcelona (1983–1984), Peñarol (1990–1991) and Boca Juniors (1986–1987). His first stint as a manager was in Banfield in the Nacional B (Argentine second division) during the 1985-1986 season. Banfield was runner-up in the Nacional B. He returned to Banfield in the middle of the 1987-1988 season to manage the team now struggling in Primera A. Unfortunately, Banfield was relegated to second division. During the next season, 1988–1989, he managed Huracán, which was playing in the Nacional B. Huracán had a mediocre performance and Cappa left the team. He returned to work as an assistant for Menotti in 1990-1991 with Peñarol. Then, he worked as an assistant for Jorge Valdano with CD Tenerife (1992–1994) and Real Madrid (1994–1996), before returning to work as a head coach again.
As manager, Cappa worked for several clubs in different countries, including UD Las Palmas and CD Tenerife in Spain, Racing Club in Argentina, Atlante in Mexico, Universitario in Peru and Mamelodi Sundowns in South Africa. 
In 2008, he became manager of Huracán, in the Argentine Primera División. His team was especially lauded for their offensive and short passing style of play during the 2009 Clausura tournament, competition where they took the second place, behind Vélez Sársfield. Following the 2009 Clausura six of the starting players left the club. The following season Huracán struggled near the bottom of the league and Cappa resigned in November after the 15th game.
On April 13, 2010, River Plate hired Cappa to replace Leonardo Astrada as coach. However, he was fired from the job on November 8, after his team had an unsuccessful run of 7 matches without winning during the 2010 Apertura. On December 18, 2010, agreed to become Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata's manager for the 2011 Clausura.
In his career Ángel Cappa, coached two teams to championships. At Universitario, he won the 2002 Campeonato Apertura. At Memolodi Sundowns, he won the one-day opening season event 2005 Charity Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20189473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189473" title="Ngizim">
Ngizim

Ngizim may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20189479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189479" title="Mega Rice Project (Kalimantan)">
Mega Rice Project (Kalimantan)

The Mega Rice Project was initiated in 1996 in the southern sections of Kalimantan, the Indonesian section of Borneo. The goal was to turn one million hectares of unproductive and sparsely populated peat swamp forest into rice paddies in an effort to alleviate Indonesia's growing food shortage. The government made a large investment in constructing irrigation canals and removing trees. The project did not succeed, and was eventually abandoned after causing considerable damage to the environment.
Overview.
The peat swamp forest in the south of Kalimantan is an unusual ecology that is home to many unique or rare species such as orangutans, as well as to slow-growing but valuable trees. The peat swamp forest is a dual ecosystem, with diverse tropical trees standing on a 10m - 12m layer of peat - partly decayed and waterlogged plant material - which in turn covers relatively infertile soil. Peat is a major store of carbon. If broken down and burned it contributes to CO2 emissions, a source of global warming. Unlike northern forests, which regenerate in 10–30 years even after clear-cut felling, the peat swamp forest may take several centuries to regenerate.
The peat swamp forests of Kalimantan were being slowly cleared for small scale farming and plantations before 1997, but most of the original cover remained. In 1996 the Indonesian government initiated the Mega Rice Project (MRP), which aimed to convert one million hectares of peat swamp forest to rice paddies. Between 1996 and 1998, more than 4,000 km of drainage and irrigation channels were dug, and deforestation started in part through legal forestry and in part through burning. The water channels, and the roads and railways built for legal forestry, opened up the region to illegal forestry. In the MRP area, forest cover dropped from 64.8% in 1991 to 45.7% in 2000, and clearance has continued since then. It appears that almost all the marketable trees have now been removed from the areas covered by the MRP.
Where the forests had often flooded up to 2m deep in the rainy season, now their surface is dry at all times of the year. The government has therefore abandoned the MRP, but the drying peat is vulnerable to fires which continue to break out on a massive scale.
Peat forest destruction is causing sulphuric acid pollution of the rivers. In the rainy seasons, the canals are discharging acidic water with a high ratio of pyritic sulphate into rivers up to 150 km upstream from the river mouth. This may be a factor contributing to lower fish catches.

</doc>
<doc id="20189480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189480" title="Tree Carr">
Tree Carr

Tree Carr is an American singer, multi-instrumentalist and actress who has played in a variety of London based bands and has appeared in several films.
She is also the owner of Today is Boring, a DVD rental shop and film society based in east London.
Music.
In 1998 she began a black metal noise project called Tree of Death, using influences from the sounds of black metal and lo-fi electro. In 2002 she joined the electro punk band, Gobsausage and appeared as guest vocals on the album "Below The Gumline." In 2003 she formed the art/punk duo Ten Minutes With My Dad, drawing musical influences from early girl punk, heavy metal and lo-fi electro. A limited edition 10" LP called "Yesterday I Died" was released on Label Catastrophic. She also released some limited editions with American artist, Disastronaut called "White Van Man" in 2003. In 2004 she joined singer song writer M. Craft (Martin Craft) on backing vocals, keyboards and glockenspiel. She appears on the critically acclaimed album "Silver and Fire" released in 2005 by 679 Recordings. In 2006 she joined the post punk band Cristine, along with Douglas Hart, formerly of The Jesus and Mary Chain and Robert Schultzberg, formerly of Placebo. In 2008, they toured with Primal Scream on the NME Rock & Roll Riot Tour. In March 2010 she began performing gigs and recording as a backing singer for Adam Ant
Acting.
Tree first appeared in Jake West's "Evil Aliens" (2006), a British "splatstick" horror-comedy film. She also appeared in the 2006 award winning film "Cashback" by Sean Ellis. In 2007, she appeared in a short film by Mike Figgis called "Coole Stories". In 2008 she worked with American visual artist and composer Christian Marclay and godfather of electroacoustic improvisation, Keith Rowe, on a controversial short film called "Solo". Recently she took a role in "Doghouse", an all female zombie comedy out in 2009 and has also appeared in videos for London based lingerie brand, Agent Provocateur featuring directors, Douglas Hart and Nigel Askew. She has also appeared in music videos for fashion designer and singer, Pam Hogg and appeared in the music video for the Peaches single "Talk to Me" released in May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20189491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189491" title="The Amityville Horror Part II">
The Amityville Horror Part II

The Amityville Horror Part II is a book written by John G. Jones as the sequel to The Amityville Horror. The book was published in 1982, and recounts the aftermath of the original book and what happened to the Lutzes after they fled 112 Ocean Avenue. This was the final book in the series to be based or inspired by a true story. The sequels had the Lutzes as main characters and were marketed as "The Terrifying True Story Continues..." although there is a disclaimer stating that "This book is a work of fiction, the author created this story"
History.
In an interview after George and Kathy took lie detector tests they revealed for the first time to the public that they were still experiencing paranormal problems. At the time they were in the process of writing three books: "The Amityville Horror Picture Book", "Unwanted Company",and a third book "A Force of Magnitude: Amityville II" which would tell of their continuing ordeal. Two books were never published (Until a few years later with ) but a year later John.G Jones took interest in re-writing "A Force of Magnitude: Amityville II". Jones re-titled the book as "The Amityville Horror II".
Plot.
The Lutz family barely escapes 112 Ocean Ave. While fleeing Amityville, they are attacked, but got away. They arrive at Kathy's mother's house, where they think they are safe. Soon after, George is awoken by a supernatural force. George and Kathy realize that they are being followed. Over the next few days, Kathy and her mother spot Missy playing with Jodie. Events plague the family. They get The Amityville Horror published and have to deal not only with the supernatural, but skeptics and a never ending line of press.
Criticisms.
This book like the previous was also released as a "true story". It was criticized that much of the story seems to be fictional. Some have said that the book is an easy work of fiction that feeds off of the success of the original story. The most controversial part of the book is the completely new version of the 28th night.
Changes from the first book.
There are numerous changes from what was told in the first book. The final night in the original book was very intense and moved very quickly. In "Amityville II" the ending is re written and very similar to the film version. In this version, George and Kathy calmly leave the house, with George even going back into the house to grab some pairs of clothes. The biggest film similarity is when the family realizes they almost left Harry behind, causing George to run back to the house (although in the book George runs down the driveway and into the boathouse. In the film he had to re-enter the house, falling through the stairs and into the well.) The night at Kathy's mother's house is also changed greatly. In the original, it is presumed that paranormal activity starts AFTER George and Kathy arrive at her mother's house. In "Amityville II" it begins right after they leave the house. The first night at Kathy's mother's house is also re-written. The epilogue of "The Amityville Horror" is also fictionalized in "Amityville II".
Validity.
In numerous interviews, the Lutz family claimed they were followed by what was at the house. Hans Holzer in his investigation of the property discovered that the house is allegedly built on an Indian burial ground. He also suggests that Defeo was possessed by the Indian chief only because he wanted him out of the house. Therefore, according to Holzer, the Lutz family was not followed by the ghosts. However, demonologist Lorraine Warren specifically said that the force in the house was not bound there, implying they could have been followed.
Reception.
The Book received mixed reviews. However it has led some to call it "Scarier than the first". The book became a best seller.

</doc>
<doc id="20189502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189502" title="Saro (Nigeria)">
Saro (Nigeria)

Saros or "Creoles in Nigeria" during the nineteenth century and early twentieth century were freed slaves who migrated to Nigeria in the beginning of the 1830s. They were known locally as Saros (elided form of Sierra Leone) or Amaros: migrants from Brazil and Cuba. Saros and Amaros also settled in other West African countries such as the Gold Coast (Ghana). They were mostly freed and repatriated slaves from various West African and Latin American countries such as Sierra Leone, Brazil and Cuba Liberated "returnee" Africans from Brazil were more commonly known as "Agudas". Most of the Latin American returnees or Amaros started migrating to Africa after slavery was abolished on the continent while others from West Africa, or the Saros were recaptured and freed slaves already resident in Sierra Leone. Many of the returnees chose to return to Nigeria for cultural, missionary and economic reasons. Many (if not the greater majority) of them were originally descended from the Igbos and Yorubas, and so because of this, they were mostly regarded as a part of the ethnic groups of Southern Nigeria in the Nigeria of the era.
The newly arrived immigrants resided in the Niger Delta, Lagos Colony and in some Eastern Nigerian cities such as Aba, Owerri, and Onitsha. Though, many were originally dedicated Anglophiles in Nigeria, they later adopted an indigenous and patriotic attitude on Nigerian affairs due to a rise in discrimination in the 1880s, and were later known as cultural nationalists.
Saros.
Life in Sierra Leone.
While living in Sierra Leone, many Creole residents became exposed to the Christian faith as a result of the work of British missionaries who established some Churches, a few grammar schools and a pioneer Educational institution, the Fourah Bay College. Relatively, the residents of Sierra Leone soon gained a fast start in Western education and were soon well trained and experienced in medicine, law, and the civil service. Many of them graduated from grammar schools and became administrative workers for the British imperial interest in the country. By the middle of the nineteenth century some of the African literati in Sierra Leone began to migrate to Nigeria, especially the colony of Lagos for economic reasons and some were administrative personnel who were reassigned to Lagos. An expedition of the river Niger by Ajayi Crowther furthered the evangelical interest of many Sierra Leoneans on Nigeria, many of whom had grown to be accessories of the missionaries and their effort.
Life in Lagos and Abeokuta.
Lagos was a strategic and important fishing location for the original founders, the Aworis. It was established as a fishing community by Awori immigrants in the sixteenth century. The town later emerged as major economic base nurtured by immigration from nearby ethnic groups led by the Ijebus, then the Ijaws, the Binis, and the Egbas. Trade with Europeans also fueled the commercial rise of the city. By 1880, Lagos had already become a cosmopolitan city. Sierra Leonean immigrants started moving to Lagos in the 1840s. Many of the immigrants were of Egba and Oyo heritage and some were familiar with Yoruba traditions and culture. They assimilated fairly well with the Yorubas, and coupled with an earlier training and interaction with the British in Sierra Leone, they were able to become part of the colonial society with little abuse from Lagos indigenes. The immigrants immediately rose to become commercial middlemen between residents of Lagos, Abeokuta and the Europeans.
In Lagos, the Saros chose Ebute Meta, Olowogbowo, and Yaba as primary settlements. The Saros mostly of Egba heritage established a few of the oldest churches in Lagos and also expanded the missionary work of the British in Nigeria. The Saros also emerged as a dominant commercial group in Lagos. Having developed a migratory forte, they had an edge as travelers who were able to go into the interiors to meet directly with various commodity producers and traders. They were the pioneer Southern Nigerian traders in Kola, a cash crop that later emerged as a viable and important export commodity for the Western region in the early twentieth century. The Saros introduced the crop which was bought from Hausa traders across the River Niger into Southern Nigeria agriculture. The first Kola farm and the dominant trader in Kola, Mohammed Shitta Bey, were orchestrated by Saros. They also did not drop their yearning for western education as they dominated the ranks of professions open to Africans. They were lawyers, doctors, and civil servants.
Skirmishes in western Nigeria.
Early on, the Saros who were well learned and trained, began to show paternal characteristics in their relationship with native residents of Lagos. The perceived disrespect extended to some Lagos citizens led to the Saros being expelled from Lagos in the 1850s, although they soon returned. In 1867, another conflict emerged, this time it was in Abeokuta. The conflict was between the Egbas and the Europeans. The Egbas were protesting the increasing influence of western culture and a land encroachment led by the Lagos governor, Glover. Egbas decided to go on rampage and damaged European symbols such as churches and missions, a few Saros were also expelled from Egbaland, but like the case of Lagos, calm was quickly restored. Prior to the conflict, a few notable Saros, such as Henry Townsend played prominent roles as advisers to the council of chiefs in Abeokuta.
Life in the delta.
The Niger delta was a little bit dissimilar to Lagos and western Nigeria where the Yorubas were dominant. Lagos was much more cosmopolitan while the delta was composed of different and varied ethnic groups of equal political footing. There was also little historical attributes that could foster cultural assimilation. However, the immigrants soon found a home in a few cities especially in the new city of Port Harcourt. Port Harcourt was founded by British authorities in 1913 as a coastal center for the export of Palm oil and coal. A number of immigrants from Yorubaland, the Hausa states, Gambia and Sierra Leone soon came to the city to work. Some of the Saros were clergymen and others were transferred for administrative duty. The Saros emerged in the city as pioneers of African commerce as they became suppliers to the residents of the new city. However, life in Port Harcourt was rough for many Saros. Some came to the city as workers for British merchant houses and the colonial government. However, there was no job security afforded the immigrants in the new city. Some Saro workers were retired without pension and suffered much financial deprivation. The retired Saros asked to return home, and some were transported back with the help of colonial funds. The lack of promotion and retirement faced by immigrant Africans was partly as a result of a systemic wall against promotion of Saros and Africans by the British. The Saros in Lagos, Port Harcourt and Abeokuta had earned the irritation of Europeans because of the achievement of a few immigrants in the clergy and business world. This policy led to a gradual change among Saros especially those in the West. The idealistic revolt against the British was led in the missionary by James Johnson who decried excessive British interference in the affairs of the missionary society and who wanted more African involvement in promoting Christianity.
Amaros in Lagos.
Unlike the Saros who were principally from Sierra Leone, the Amaros, who were sometimes called Nago in Brazil (Nago, indicates Yoruba ethnicity) were liberated slaves from Brazil and Cuba. Returnees from Brazil and Cuba and their current-day descendants were and are more commonly called "Agudas". They went to the New World as slaves from different sub-ethnic and ethnic backgrounds but approached relationships among themselves as equals. They came back to Nigeria, principally to re-connect with their fatherland. In Lagos, they were given the watery terrains of Popo Aguda as their settlement. They were not brought up in the Anglican faith like the Sierra Leoneans but chose Catholicism, the dominant religion in Brazil and Cuba. By the 1880s, the Agudas comprised about 9% of the population of Lagos. It should be remembered that some of the Agudas were Muslims. Some of the Catholic Brazilians and Cubans also worshipped African Orishas which they had also worshipped in Brazil and Cuba. These Amaros gave Portuguese and Spanish names in Nigeria.
The ex-slaves were notably technically skilled artisans and were known for the distinctive Brazilian architecture built in their settlements and later in the Lagos environs. During the time, modern European architecture was not only meant to be a nice abode but also a dominating advertisement to show Africans of a different style and culture. However, in due time, the Brazilian style emerged as a viable alternative and modern style used by African contractors working on public and large private jobs such as the Holy Cross Cathedral in Lagos and the Mohammed Shitta Bey Mosque. The Brazilians introduced to Nigeria elaborate architectural designs, two-story buildings and bungalows with stucco facades. The Brazilian returnees also popularized the use of Cassava as a food crop. They had pioneered trade with Brazil in the mid nineteenth century. But by the 1880s, ruinous competitors and an economic downturn had forced many to abandon the export trade. Agriculture soon became an avenue to supplement shortfalls in economic activity. They also introduced Cocoa Plantations together with Saro, J.P.L. Davies.

</doc>
<doc id="20189503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189503" title="Frigyes Ákos Hazslinszky">
Frigyes Ákos Hazslinszky

Frigyes Ákos Hazslinszky or in German version of his name Friedrich August Hazslinszky von Hazslin (Kežmarok, 6 January 1818 – Prešov, 16 September 1896) was a Hungarian mycologist and botanist. Upon completing his lyceum studies in Késmark (today Kežmarok, Slovakia), he studied philosophy, law, theology and chemistry, working concurrently as a teacher. After a stint as teacher in Debrecen and Sárospatak, and further studies in Vienna, he became professor of physics and mathematic at the Lutheran College in Eperjes (today Prešov) in 1846. 
His scientific interests and contributions centered on the then Northern Hungarian – now Slovakian - flora, in particular the one of the Spiš, Orava and the Tatra Mountains. Hazslinszky published extensively in botany, pteridology and particularly in mycology. He published the first Hungarian plant identification guide in 1864 as well as over a hundred, mostly mycological papers and monographs, among them the monumental "Beiträge zur Kenntniss der Flora der Karpathen" in 9 parts. 
He was a full member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. 
The genus "Hazslinszkya" was named in his honour by G. W. Körber in 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="20189521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189521" title="Black Panther (TV series)">
Black Panther (TV series)

Black Panther is an American cartoon series by Marvel Animation in partnership with BET, based on the popular Marvel Comics superhero of the same name. It was the first animated television series produced by BET since "Hey Monie!". Each of the six episodes of the series was 20 minutes in length.
The series was broadcast on the Australian children's channel ABC3 in January 2010 and in the United States on BET in November 2011.
Plot.
Upon becoming the new Black Panther after the assassination of his father T'Chaka, T'Challa deals with the jealousy in the Wakandan royal court while looking for the man who killed his father. Unbeknownst to Black Panther, Klaw (the man who assassinated T'Chaka) has assembled a group of villains consisting of Batroc the Leaper, Juggernaut, the Vatican Black Knight, and the Russian Radioactive Man to help him take over Wakanda.
Production.
At a presentation held in New York City in April 2008, BET announced that it had signed a deal with Marvel Comics to turn Black Panther into a primetime half-hour animated series. In July 2008 at the San Diego Comic-Con International, the first footage of the series was shown publicly, indicating that the series was essentially just motion comic versions of the mini-series released by Marvel Comics.
The show was supervised by Reginald Hudlin, the President of Entertainment at BET, who also wrote, along with John Romita, Jr. as the artist, the story arc of the Black Panther comic entitled "Who is the Black Panther?" on which the first six episodes were based. Only subtle deviations from the comic exist, such as replacing Rhino with Juggernaut.
Djimon Hounsou was cast to voice T'Challa/Black Panther. The series was directed by Mark Brooks. The theme song was composed by Stephen James Taylor in a dialect meant to be Wakandan (the fictional character's native language). In reality, the song employed a Bantu-based language of Taylor's creation.
DVD release.
United States.
On January 18, 2011, the series was released to Region 1 DVD by Shout! Factory. It was part of the Marvel Knights Animation line, the line reserved for Marvel's motion comics.
Australia.
Magna Pacific released the series in region 4. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray on December 1, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20189585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189585" title="Grey (New Zealand electorate)">
Grey (New Zealand electorate)

Grey is a former parliamentary electorate in the West Coast region of New Zealand.
The electorate of Grey Valley, created for the 1871 general election, was succeeded by the electorate of Greymouth in the 1881 general election, and lasted until 1890. In 1890 the Grey electorate was created, and was abolished in 1919.
Population centres.
The 1870 electoral redistribution was undertaken by a parliamentary select committee based on population data from the 1867 census. Eight sub-committees were formed, with two members each making decisions for their own province; thus members set their own electorate boundaries. The number of electorates was increased from 61 to 72, and Grey Valley was one of the new electorates.
Throughout the electorate's history, the town of Greymouth was always included in its area. The town of Brunner belonged to the electorate during most periods.
History.
Grey Valley existed from 1871 to 1881. William Henry Harrison was the first representative from 1871 to 1875 when he retired. Harrison had previously represented Westland Boroughs from 1868 to 1870.
The electorate was represented by two members from the 1876 election onwards. Martin Kennedy and Charles Woolcock were elected in 1876; Kennedy resigned in 1878 and Woolcock retired at the 1879 election. Kennedy was succeeded by Richard Reeves in an 1878 by-election. He was defeated in 1881 when he stood for Inangahua. Edward Masters succeeded Woolcock in the 1879 election. Masters resigned in 1881 and was succeeded by Thomas Shailer Weston in an 1881 by-election. Weston stood in Inangahua in the 1881 general election and was successful.
Greymouth was represented from the 1881 general election by Joseph Petrie. He was defeated in the 1884 general election by Arthur Guinness, who represented the electorate (renamed in 1890 as Grey) until his death in 1913.
After the resulting 1913 by-election, the electorate was represented from 1916 to 1919 by two radical politicians from the West Coast coal mines representing the Labour Party or its predecessors. They were Paddy Webb, who was imprisoned in 1918, and Harry Holland, who represented Grey from the by-election on 29 May 1918 until 16 December 1919 when the electorate was abolished.
Members of Parliament.
The various electorates were represented by ten Members of Parliament.
1871 to 1875.
From 1871 to 1875, Grey Valley was a single-member electorate. It was represented by one Member of Parliament.
1876 to 1881.
From 1876 to 1881, Grey Valley was a two-member electorate. It was represented by five Members of Parliament.
1881 to 1919.
From 1881 to 1890, Greymouth was a single-member electorate, renamed as Grey from 1890 to 1919. Four Members of Parliament represented this electorate.
Election results.
1876 election.
Table footnotes:

</doc>
<doc id="20189592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189592" title="Kathy Hirsh-Pasek">
Kathy Hirsh-Pasek

Kathy Hirsh-Pasek is the Stanley and Deborah Lefkowitz Professor of Psychology at Temple University in Philadelphia. She is the author of 11 books and over 150 professional articles on early childhood and infant development, with a specialty in language and literacy, and playful learning. Hirsh-Pasek was one of the investigators on the acclaimed National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Study of Early Child Care and Youth Development, co-authored the language and literacy curricula for the State of California Preschools, and serves as an advisor on the National Institute of Health Toolbox initiative. She was co-creator of the moral development curricula, An Ethical Start, and speaks widely on ways to translate primary research findings into practice for young children. She consults world-wide on educational policy and works with children’s media, the toy industry, children’s museums and children’s libraries. Her research is supported by funding from the National Science Foundation and National Institutes of Health. An advocate of the importance of play and playful education in early childhood, she is a founder and member of the executive committee of The Ultimate Block Party, which drew more than 50,000 people to its inaugural event at Central Park in New York City in October 2010.
Dr. Hirsh-Pasek is a fellow of the American Psychological Association and the American Psychological Society. Her book Einstein Never used Flashcards: How Children Really Learn and Why They Need to Play More and Memorize Less (Rodale, 2004) won the Books for Better Life Award for best psychology book. She and her colleague Roberta Michnick Golinkoff from the University of Delaware were joint recipients of the 2009 American Psychological Association Award for Distinguished Service to Psychological Science. and the 2011 Urie Bronfenbrenner Award for Lifetime Contribution to Developmental Psychology in the Service of Science and Society from the American Psychological Association.
Education.
Hirsh-Pasek received her BS summa cum laude in psychology and music from The University of Pittsburgh and her PhD in human development from the University of Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20189602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189602" title="Latin Grammy Award for Best Recording Package">
Latin Grammy Award for Best Recording Package

The Latin Grammy Award for Best Recording Package is an honor presented annually at the Latin Grammy Awards, a ceremony that recognizes excellence and promotes awareness of cultural diversity and contributions of Latin recording artists in the United States and internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="20189617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189617" title="List of works for the stage by Weill">
List of works for the stage by Weill

This is a complete list of the stage works of the German, and later American, composer Kurt Weill (1900–1950).

</doc>
<doc id="20189642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189642" title="Taylor Nichols">
Taylor Nichols

Cecil Taylor Nichols (born March 3, 1959 in Lansing, Michigan) is an American actor best known for roles in the Whit Stillman films "Metropolitan", "Barcelona", "The Last Days of Disco", and "Damsels in Distress". His characters in the first three of these films were insecure, stuttering sidekicks to those of the more outgoing Chris Eigeman. Nichols and Eigeman also played minor roles in the independent film "The Next Step", released in 1997, of which Nichols was an associate producer.
Career.
Nichols has also appeared in the films "Boiler Room", "Congo", "The American President", "The Big Easy", and "Jurassic Park III", as well as episodes of the TV series "Murder She Wrote", "NewsRadio", "Chicago Hope", "Judging Amy", "The Mind of the Married Man" and "Criminal Minds". In 2007 Nichols appeared in the film "The Air I Breathe".
Personal life.
Nichols has been married since 1995 to Margarita de Eguilior, a Spanish woman he met during the production of "Barcelona". They have two daughters, Alexandra, who was born January 21, 1999, and Lee, born January 10, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20189650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189650" title="Tilt (Cozy Powell album)">
Tilt (Cozy Powell album)

Tilt (known as Thunder Storm in Japan) is the second solo album by English drummer Cozy Powell, released in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20189655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189655" title="Diamond Village">
Diamond Village

Diamond Village may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20189659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189659" title="Ignacio Canuto">
Ignacio Canuto

Ignacio Canuto (born 20 February 1986 in Santa Fe) is an Argentine football central defender, who plays for Tigre.
Playing career.
Club.
Canuto began his playing career in 2004 with Unión after a loan spell with Ben Hur in 2007 he joined Argentinos Juniors of the Argentine Primera División in 2008. He was a regular player for the Argentinos Juniors team that won the Clausura 2010 championship. He played in 13 of the clubs 19 games during their championship winning campaign. In July 2010, Canuto was sold to Maccabi Haifa of the Israeli Premier League for €1 million. The club signed him to a five-year contract.
International.
On 20 May 2009 Canuto made his international debut in a friendly match against Panama. He came on as a second half substitute for the Argentina team, made up of players based in the Primera División Argentina. Canuto scored his first international goal on his third appearance for Argentina on 10 February 2010 to secure a 2-1 win over Jamaica. He scored in the 93rd minute of the game, only 2 minutes after having come into the game as a late 2nd half substitute.
Titles.
Argentinos Juniors 

</doc>
<doc id="20189665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189665" title="Princess Maria Alix of Saxony">
Princess Maria Alix of Saxony

Princess "Maria Alix" Luitpolda Anna Henriette Germana Agnes Damiana Michaela of Saxony, Duchess of Saxony (Full German name: "Prinzessin Maria Alix Luitpolda Anna Henriette Germana Agnes Damiana Michaela von Sachsen, Herzogin zu Sachsen") (27 September 1901 in Wachwitz, Dresden, Saxony – 11 December 1990 in Hechingen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) was the sixth child and third-eldest daughter of Frederick Augustus III of Saxony and his wife Archduchess Luise of Austria, Princess of Tuscany and a younger sister of Georg, Crown Prince of Saxony and Friedrich Christian, Margrave of Meissen. Through her marriage to Franz Joseph, Prince of Hohenzollern-Emden, Maria Alix was a member of the House of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen.
Marriage and issue.
Maria Alix married Franz Joseph, Prince of Hohenzollern-Emden, son of William, Prince of Hohenzollern and his wife Princess Maria Teresa of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, on 25 May 1921 at Schloss Sibyllenort in Sibyllenort, Silesia, Germany. Maria Alix and Franz Joseph had four children:

</doc>
<doc id="20189676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189676" title="Ban Dan">
Ban Dan

Ban Dan may refer to several places in Thailand:

</doc>
<doc id="20189705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189705" title="New Hope Christian Schools">
New Hope Christian Schools

New Hope Christian Schools is a private Christian school located in Grants Pass, Oregon, United States.
Campus and academics.
The school has an observatory telescope located on campus.
The majority of the school's high school curriculum comes from Bob Jones University Press and A Beka Book.

</doc>
<doc id="20189732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189732" title="Colorable">
Colorable

Colorable or colourable may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20189801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189801" title="Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 200 metres">
Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 200 metres

The men's 200 metres event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. The first two rounds were held on July 8, with the semifinals and final on July 9. Sixty-five sprinters from 33 countries competed.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows:
Jackson Scholz of the US tied the Olympic record in the final.
Results.
All times shown are in seconds.
Heats.
The first round was held on 8 July. The first two runners of each heat qualified for the second round.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Heat 7
Heat 8
Heat 9
Heat 10
Heat 11
Heat 12
Heat 13
Heat 14
Heat 15
Heat 16
Heat 17
Quarterfinals.
The quarterfinals were held on July 8. The first two runners of each heat qualified for the semifinals.
Quarterfinal 1
Quarterfinal 2
Quarterfinal 3
Quarterfinal 4
Quarterfinal 5
Quarterfinal 6
Semifinals.
The semifinals were held on July 9. The first three runners from each semifinal qualified for the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
The final was held on July 9.

</doc>
<doc id="20189829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189829" title="16th Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico">
16th Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico

The 16th Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico will meet from January 2, 2009, to January 1, 2013. All members of the House of Representatives and the Senate were elected in the General Elections of 2008. The House and the Senate both have a majority of members from the New Progressive Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20189867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189867" title="Sabangau National Park">
Sabangau National Park

Sabangau National Park is a national park in Central Kalimantan, a province of Indonesia in Kalimantan, the Indonesian part of the island of Borneo established in 2004. Between 1980 and 1995 the site was a massive logging concessions area and after it came illegal logging era which both makes up 85 percent of the 568,700-hectare total park area comprehensively destroyed. By 2012 only less than 1 percent of the park's total area has been reforested and need several centuries to restore it back to its pre-logged state.
Geography.
The national park is centered on Sabangau River, a blackwater river. It flows through the Kelompok Hutan Kahayan or Sabangau peat swamp forest (5,300 km2), between the Katingan and Kahayan rivers. The peat swamp forest is a dual ecosystem, with diverse tropical trees standing on a 10m - 12m layer of peat - partly decayed and waterlogged plant material - which in turn covers relatively infertile soil.
The severely degraded eastern part of the forest, between the Sabangau and the Kayahan, is officially designated for agriculture. However, since the failure of the Mega Rice Project, which drained large areas of peat forest in an attempt to create rice paddies, no further efforts are being made to make it suitable for this purpose.
The forest has been damaged by legal and illegal forestry. There is no longer any continuous forest cover where Orangutans may cross the river. A satellite view shows a grid of logging roads throughout most of the forest.
However, the western part is now protected as either National Park or National Laboratory Research Area. A study of the area shows that the hydrological integrity of the forest has been maintained, and it is therefore ecologically resilient, although since it is close to the regional capital Palangkaraya it remains at risk.
Ecology.
The forest is home to the world’s largest Orangutan population, estimated at 6,910 individuals in 2003, and other rare or unique species. The total Agile Gibbon population in the Sabangau catchment is estimated to be in the tens of thousands, but is declining fast.
Vulnerable bird species include the Large Green Pigeon ("Treron capellei") and possibly Storm's Stork ("Ciconia stormi") and Lesser Adjutant ("Leptoptilus javanicus"). Efforts are underway to establish long-term ecological monitoring in the forest.

</doc>
<doc id="20189885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189885" title="Cyber Snipa">
Cyber Snipa

Cyber Snipa is a brand of specialised computer peripherals and equipment designed expressly for gaming. The brand originated in March 2004 when Flexiglow Hong Kong Pty Ltd introduced the Cyber Snipa Gamepad. Subsequent to the sale of Flexiglow Hong Kong in July 2007, Cyber Snipa products are currently manufactured by Cyber Sport Pty Ltd.
History.
The development of the Cyber Snipa brand began in 1998 when gamers employed as engineers at Flexiglow saw a need for specialised gaming equipment in a fast growing market and started designing the Gamepad with the intention of improving performance in FPS games.
Since the Gamepads release in 2005 the range of products marketed under the Cyber Snipa brand has grown to include gaming mice, mousepads, keyboards, headsets, webcams, flash memory devices and gaming apparel.
In 2006 the Cyber Snipa brand was made available for purchase and offices were opened in both the US and Europe.
In February 2008, Flexiglow Pty Ltd was bought out by the Australian technology development studio Cyber Sport Pty Ltd. Cyber Sport has since continued to release new Cyber Snipa products alongside its other brands, most recently the Stinger gaming mouse.
Products.
Keyboards.
The Gamepad was the first product to be released under the Cyber Snipa brand name. It was conceived with portability and space-management in mind and aims to improve in-game control. A new version featuring more keys and a better ergonomic layout, the Game pad V2, has since superseded the original.
The Warboard is a full size keyboard which was released in late 2007. It features 10 dual mode programmable buttons and anti-ghosting key architecture. The Warboard has been cited as a useful MMORPG keyboard in particular due to the macro software functions.
Mice.
The Intelliscope was the first gaming mouse to be developed and marketed under the Cyber Snipa brand. The Intelliscope laser mouse features on-the-fly switchable dpi (with a maximum of 2400) and operates at 10,800 frames per second.
The S.W.A.T. mouse features a 1600dpi switchable laser engine and operates at 6,400 frame/s. The S.W.A.T. mouse has a lower price point than the Intelliscope despite possessing 32kb of onboard memory and Macro A.I. software.
The Stinger Mouse, released in February 2008, is the latest and most technologically advanced mouse in the Cyber Snipa line. It features an on-the-fly switchable 3200dpi laser engine operating at 7000 frame/s, a superfast report rate of 1000 Hz, onboard memory with macro software and a removable weight system.
Mouse pads.
A variety of different high performance mouse pads have been released under the Cyber Snipa brand name, the most prominent of which are the Tracer illuminated mouse pad and the Micro-fibre Mouse Mat.
SONAR Headsets.
In early 2008 the Cyber Snipa range was expanded to include two types of gaming headsets; the Sonar 2.0 and Sonar 5.1. The Sonar 5.1 headset in particular has received positive reviews from the online gaming community. It features true directional surround sound with 8 individual speakers on separate channels and 3D audio software.

</doc>
<doc id="20189910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189910" title="Joshua Watson">
Joshua Watson

Joshua Watson (1771–1855) was an English wine merchant, philanthropist, a prominent member of the high church party and of several charitable organizations, who became known as "the best layman in England".
Life.
Joshua Watson was born on Tower Hill in the city of London on Ascension day, 9 May 1771. His forefathers were of the hardy and independent race of northern " 'statesmen;" but his father, John Watson, had come on foot from Cumberland to London in early youth to try his fortunes, and establish himself successfully as a wine merchant on Tower Hill. His mother, Dorothy, born Robson, cousin to the artist, George Fennel Robson, was also from the north of England. John and Dorothy Watson had two sons – John James (1767–1839), who was rector of Hackney for forty years and archdeacon of St. Albans; and Joshua, who followed his father's business. The two brothers remained close throughout their lives. 
At the age of ten Joshua was placed under the tuition of Mr. Crawford at Newington Butts, and at the age of thirteen was sent to a commercial school kept by Mr. Eaton in the city. In 1786 he was taken into his father's counting-house, which had then moved from Tower Hill to Mincing Lane; in 1792, when he came of age, he was admitted a partner. In 1797 he married Mary, the daughter of Thomas Sikes, a banker in Mansion House Street. Her uncle, Charles Daubeny, and her brother, Thomas Sikes, vicar of Guilsborough, who had been at Oxford with Joshua's elder brother, were among the leading churchmen of the day; and Joshua from his early years was brought into 
contact with other members of the high-church party, of which he afterwards became the virtual leader. Among his early friends and advisers were William Stevens, the disciple and biographer of William Jones of Nayland, and founder of the Club of Nobody's Friends, of which Joshua Watson was an original member; Jonathan Boucher, who became in 1785 vicar of Epsom, where John James Watson had his first curacy; and Sir John Richardson (afterwards a judge in the court of common pleas), who had been a college friend of John James Watson. Among other friends were Henry Handley Norris, with whom he maintained an unbroken friendship of nearly sixty years, and William Van Mildert, rector of St. Mary-le-Bow in the city (afterwards bishop of Durham). Van Mildert submitted both his "Boyle Lectures" and his "Bampton Lectures" to Watson's revision, and was largely guided by his advice in literary matters. Nor was Van Mildert the only man of letters who showed confidence in his literary power. At the house of Van Mildert in Ely Place he met the elder Christopher Wordsworth, master of Trinity College, Cambridge, whom he joined in revising the proof-sheets of Christopher Wordsworth the younger's work, "Theophilus Anglicanus". These men were, with Archdeacon Benjamin Harrison and William Rowe Lyall, Watson's chief friends and coadjutors. 
Though "not slothful in business," Watson always had his heart in church work, and in 1811 he took a house at Clapton, within five minutes' walk of his brother's rectory at Hackney, and also near Henry Handley Norris. The three worked shoulder to shoulder. Clapton and Hackney became 
the centre of the various religious and philanthropic projects of the high-church party, and the coterie from which they emanated was called the "Hackney Phalanx". In 1811 the National Society for the Education of the Poor was formed: it originated in a meeting at Watson's house at Clapton, consisting of Watson, Norris, and John Bowles. Watson became its first treasurer, and it grew with marvellous rapidity. 
In the same year (1811) Watson and Norris purchased the "British Critic" in order to restore it to its original lines as the organ 
of the high-church party, from which it had somewhat diverged. In 1814 Watson retired from business in order to devote himself exclusively to works of piety and charity. He never missed any meeting of the Society for Propagation of the Gospel, the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, or the National Society, and his counsel was highly valued. He took a deep interest in the colonial church, being an intimate friend of Bishop Middleton of Calcutta, Bishop Inglis of Nova Scotia, Bishop Broughton of Australasia, and subsequently Bishop Selwyn of New Zealand. In 1814 he was appointed, together with his friend Archdeacon Cambridge, treasurer of the Society for Promoting
Christian Knowledge, which during his treasurership increased greatly its work and income. About the same time he became secretary of the relief fund for the German sufferers from the Napoleonic wars. In 1817 the Church Building Society, called at first the Church Room Society, was formed. Watson was largely instrumental in its foundation, drawing up the original resolution. This was quickly followed by a royal commission for church building issued under Lord Liverpool's government. Watson was one of the commissioners, and found the work so engrossing that in 1822 he took a house, No. 6 Park Street, Westminster, where he lived for sixteen years, in order to be near the scene of his labours. 
He was also treasurer of the Clergy Orphan School, which was, perhaps, of all his benevolent schemes, the one nearest to his heart. In 1820 he was with difficulty persuaded by his friend Van Mildert to accept the honorary degree of D.C.L. offered to him by the university of Oxford. His connection with Oxford brought him into contact with Charles Lloyd, the regius professor of divinity, afterwards bishop of Oxford, who said of him, 'I look upon Joshua as the best layman in England.' Some time before he had become associated, through his friend Wordsworth, with the archbishop of Canterbury Charles Manners-Sutton, who appreciated his business talents. Button's successor, Archbishop William Howley, had equal confidence in him. In 1828 he took a leading part in the foundation of King's College London, and was a member of its first council. This brought him into communication with Hugh James Rose, for whom he conceived unbounded admiration. In 1833, layman though he was, he had the task of revising the "Clerical Address" to the archbishop of Canterbury, expressing attachment to the 
church, which was drawn up by William Palmer; the "Lay Declaration", which immediately followed, was entirely his composition. When the Additional Curates' Society was formed in 1837, Watson was the framer of its constitution and its first treasurer. 
In 1838 his only daughter, Mary Sikes Watson, married Henry Michell Wagner, vicar of Brighton, but she died, to her father's grief, two years later, leaving two sons. His wife died in 1831, and his only brother in 1839. After these losses he gave up his house in Park Street, and lived alternately at the house of his wife's sister at Clapton, and his brother's widow at Daventry. In 1842, owing to the infirmities of age, he resigned the treasurership of the National Society, but he still interested himself in religious and philanthropic work; and when the new missionary college of St. Augustine, Canterbury, was founded in 1845, he was one of the council. He 
retained the treasurership of the Additional Curates' Society until he approached his eighty-third year. He died at Clapton, 30 Jan. 1855, and was buried on 7 Feb. in the family vault at Hackney. 
Watson was an interesting link between the high-churchmen before, and the high-churchmen after, the Oxford movement. Dr. Pusey, after several interviews with him at Brighton in 1842-3, wrote to him: "One had become so much the object of suspicion, that I cannot say how cheering it was to be recognised by you as carrying on the same torch which we had received from yourself and from those of your generation who had remained faithful to the old teaching." But Watson did not sympathise entirely with the Oxford movement; there were many points on which he entirely disagreed. He gratefully recognised, however, its good effects, and never lost his confidence in its future. John Keble's "Christian Year" was one of his favourite books, and he was an admirer and constant reader of Newman's sermons. 
He was too diffident to write anything on his own account; his only publication of note was an edition of "Hele's Sacred Offices" (a book of devotions which he always used himself) in 1825. This had a large circulation on its first appearance, and a still larger on its republication in 1842. There is an excellent miniature of Watson by Sir William Charles Ross.

</doc>
<doc id="20189913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189913" title="Latin Grammy Award for Best Tango Album">
Latin Grammy Award for Best Tango Album

The Latin Grammy Award for Best Tango Album is given every year since the 1st Latin Grammy Awards ceremony. 

</doc>
<doc id="20189929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189929" title="Diego Pozo">
Diego Pozo

Diego Raúl Pozo (born 16 February 1978) is an Argentine football goalkeeper currently playing for Rangers.
Playing career.
Club.
Pozo began his playing career with Godoy Cruz in his hometown of Mendoza in 1995. He also played for Huracán, Talleres and Instituto before joining Colón in 2008.
International.
On 20 May 2009 Pozo made his debut with Argentina in a 3–1 friendly match victory against Panama. The Argentine team was made up of players based in the Argentine Primera División. He also played the friendlies against Ghana and Haiti, as well as the unofficial friendly against Catalonia. Pozo had a poor performance at the aforementioned unofficial friendly. Subsequently, he was called up for the 2010 FIFA World Cup Argentine squad as the third goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20189955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189955" title="Action of 11 November 2008">
Action of 11 November 2008

The Action of 11 November 2008 was a naval engagement fought off Somalia between pirates and British forces. Russia has stated that its forces fought off the pirates also, though Russia's involvement has been disputed by the Royal Navy. The incident took place south of the Yemeni coast, in the Gulf of Aden, and the engagement is a part of Operation Enduring Freedom - Horn of Africa. When the Royal Navy ship HMS "Cumberland" attempted to board a Somali pirate dhow with twelve pirates on board, the pirates initially resisted with assault rifle fire. After a brief shoot-out with the Royal Marines, two pirates were killed and the dhow was captured by "Cumberland". "The Times" has described the incident as "the first time the Royal Navy had been engaged in a fatal shoot-out on the high seas in living memory." "The Independent" has also stated that the confrontation "is believed to be the first time recently that British service personnel have been involved in a confrontation that resulted in deaths", and "The Toronto Star" has stated that the engagement is "the first time since the 1982 Falklands War that the Royal Navy had killed anyone on the high seas." "Russia Today" has reported that the incident was "the first time Russian forces have moved against Somali pirates."
Background.
As of 11 November 2008, 32 ships had been hijacked in the Gulf of Aden by pirates. The Gulf of Aden has been described as "a treacherous stretch for ships, particularly along the Somali coast". To protect commercial vessels off the coast of Somalia, a multi-national task force was deployed to the area.
Incident.
On 11 November pirates on board a dhow attacked the MV "Powerful", a Danish-registered cargo ship, using assault rifles in a failed attempt to hijack the ship. A Russian Navy spokesman, Igor Dygalo, said that the pirates attempted twice to capture the ship, and were rebuffed by British and Russian helicopters operating from HMS "Cumberland" and the Russian frigate "Neustrashimy" respectively. However, Russian involvement in preventing the pirates from capturing the "Powerful" has been disputed by the Royal Navy.
Later that day, the "Cumberland" detected the dhow, which was towing a skiff, and identified it as a vessel involved in the attack against the "Powerful". The Royal Marines unit on board the "Cumberland" was dispatched in Rigid Raider craft towards the dhow. The Marines then proceeded to circle the dhow, which had on board 12 men armed with rocket launchers and machine guns, in an attempt to force it to stop.
The pirates opened fire on them, but no casualties were sustained by the Marines. Returning fire, the Marines killed two Somalis. The pirates subsequently surrendered, and the Marines boarded the dhow. The Royal Navy described the boarding itself as "compliant". Russia has claimed that one of its helicopters, based aboard the "Neustrashimy", was involved in this firefight between the pirates and the Marines, though the Royal Navy deny this claim, stating that the Marines were supported by a Lynx helicopter from HMS "Cumberland".
Aftermath.
On board the dhow was a Yemeni male who, despite receiving emergency treatment, died from his injuries. The British Ministry of Defence reported that it was unclear as to whether the fatal injuries were the result of the gunfight, or whether they were sustained beforehand. The incident, according to "The Times", "signalled a new policy of maximum robustness for the Royal Navy on the high seas".
The remaining eight men who had been captured on board the dhow were handed over by the "Cumberland" to Kenyan authorities on November 18.

</doc>
<doc id="20189969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189969" title="Brunflo IK">
Brunflo IK

Brunflo IK is a Swedish ice hockey club based in Brunflo. It was founded in 1975, and currently plays in the "Norra" group of Division 1, the third tier of ice hockey in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20189974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20189974" title="Tonino Carotone">
Tonino Carotone

Tonino Carotone (born Antonio de la Cuesta on January 9, 1970 in Burgos, Spain) is a Spanish singer-songwriter. The majority of his childhood and adolescence were spent in Pamplona, Spain. Although Tonino has had a lifelong love for Italian music, he did not visit Italy until 1995 when he flew there in order to avoid Spanish military service. In 2000, Tonino gained success in Italy shortly after releasing the single "Me cago en el amor" from his debut album "Mondo difficile". In 2003 Tonino returned with yet another Italian inspired album, "Senza Ritorno".
Other works.
Tonino Carotone and Manu Chao performed the theme song for Drew Carey's Green Screen Show, titled "La Trampa".
In 2006, Tonino and writer Federico Traversa released a book titled "Il Maestro dell’Ora Brava".
Previous to his solo work, Tonino formed part of the Pamplona based group "Kojon Prieto y los Huajolotes", gaining a moderate following before disbanding in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20190007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190007" title="Coomera Anglican College">
Coomera Anglican College

Coomera Anglican College is an independent school founded in 1997 that is operated by the Anglican Diocese of Brisbane. It consists of a Primary School (Years Prep to 6), Junior Secondary School (Years 7 to 9), Senior Secondary School (Years 10 to 12), and Early Learning Centre on the same campus. The school is located on Days Road in Coomera, Queensland, and has undertaken a huge expansion programme over the last few years with the latested being a 2,500sqm sports centre, which includes two full size netball courts as well as a full commercial gym operated by Coomera Focus on Fitness and available for use by the local community. The current principal is Dr Mark Sly. The current Head of Primary is Mr Graeme Kirkpatrick. The current Head of Junior Secondary is Ms Anita Ramsay. The current Head of Secondary and Deputy Principal is Mr Mark Heaney. The Director of Early Learning is Mrs Jenny Rees.
Other key staff members include the Business Manager, Mr David Dobbie, the Head of Teaching and Learning Processes, Mr Alex Delaforce, and the current Head of Senior Schooling, Mr Wayne Van Den Bos. 
Coomera Anglican College bases its ethos on the twin foundations of the Anglican Church of Australia and 'imagine Listen Respect' (iLR) which is its values framework. These inform and drive all aspects of the College including its Teaching and Learning Framework (including the Habits of Mind system) and the self-driven behaviour management system called the Raise Responsibility system.
A major feature of the College is its approach to the use of technology. This is aimed at providing a consistent, regulated and educationally focussed incorporation of technology throughout the phases of primary and secondary education. In the Junior and Senior Secondary Schools this takes the form of a 1 to 1 laptop scheme called eMind. In the Primary School the focus is on providing a high availability of ICTs with a significant use of interactive whiteboard technologies.
House system.
Coomera Anglican College has four houses;
All members of the same family are placed in the same house. Each house is named after a person who had a part in the foundation of the school.

</doc>
<doc id="20190056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190056" title="Marvelyn Brown">
Marvelyn Brown

Marvelyn Brown (born on May 7, 1984 in Nashville, Tennessee, is an African-American author and AIDS activist whose autobiographical book ("The Naked Truth: Young, Beautiful and (HIV) Positive") tells her story as a young heterosexual woman contracting HIV/AIDS at the young age of 19. A former top track and basketball athlete, she was in the best shape of her life, but found herself suddenly battling an unknown illness in an intensive-care unit. Doctors had no idea what was going on, and it never occurred to Brown that she might be HIV positive.
Brown’s tale has had quite an impact on the AIDS community, and the world, as she travels telling her story trying to make more people aware of the continuing growth of the AIDS pandemic.
Her book and work as an HIV/AIDS activist has resulted in Brown having had extensive radio and television appearances. She has appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show", "America's Next Top Model", CNN, MTV, BET, and "The Tavis Smiley Show". She has also appeared in "Newsweek", "Ebony Magazine", and "Real Health" magazines. Her public-service announcement for Think MTV won an Emmy Award. Marvelyn Brown continues to write and has dedicated her life to HIV/AIDS awareness. Brown was named one of the Top 25 Heroes of the past twenty-five years of the AIDS epidemic (other noted AIDS activist included on this list are Alicia Keys, Magic Johnson and Phill Wilson). Marvelyn Brown currently lives in Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20190059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190059" title="Ford Times">
Ford Times

Ford Times was a monthly publication produced by Ford Motor Company. The first issue was published on April 15, 1908. It remained in publication until 1996. The magazines were similar to "Reader's Digest" and "Yankee". Ford Times magazines were 4x6 inches in size. Each issue usually consisted of several stories about destinations for sports or vacations or of historic interest, by such writers as Edward Ware Smith, Corey Ford, Bernard De Voto, and Edward Weeks as well as promotional information about current Ford vehicles. Early issues were monochrome. Issues in the 1950s and 1960s featured many paintings. Arthur Lougee was the art director then of both the Ford company's "New England Journeys", "Ford Times" and "Lincoln Mercury Times". He featured in these publications dozens of America's contemporary watercolor artists such as John Whorf, Henry McDaniel, Forrest Orr, Glenn MacNutt, Loring Coleman, Stuart Eldridge, Paul Sample, King Coffin, Maxwell Mays, Robert Paul Thorpe, Estelle Coniff, Glen Krause, JWS Cox, C Robert Perrin, Edward Turner, Ward Cruickshank II, Alphonse J Shelton, RJ Holden, Dorothy Manuel, Frederick James, William Barss, Eunice Utterback, Andrew Winter. Paintings by Charley Harper and Henry E McDaniel were often on the covers.
Ford Times Cookbooks.
A few cookbooks with recipes from past issues of "Ford Times" were produced.
Ford Truck Times.
Ford also produced a series of "Truck Times" magazines, released quarterly. These were slightly larger, and contained stories that revolved around trucks, as well as information about camping and vacation destinations similar to the regular Ford Times magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="20190067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190067" title="Fresh Outta 'P' University">
Fresh Outta 'P' University

"Fresh Outta 'P' University" is a 1997 studio album by former P-Funk bassist Bootsy Collins. The album was originally released by the WEA/Black Culture label in Europe and Japan and then by Private I records (distributed by Mercury Records) in the U.S.. The album features a number of guest musicians and performers, including MC Lyte, Rodney O, D Meka, Thomas D and Smudo and Fatboy Slim.
Numerous versions.
Since its initial release in 1997, "Fresh Outta 'P' University" has been released in several different configurations. These configurations include:
The deluxe 2-CD European version (WEA/Black Culture 3984 20396-2) which is contained in a special CD case that opens up into six panels that spells out the name "Bootsy" when opened. 
The 2-CD Japanese "New Edition" (WPCR-10370~1) which features the entire album on disc one, and remixes of "Party-Lick-A-Ble's" and "Do The Freak" on disc two.
Track listing.
U.S. VERSION
EUROPEAN VERSION

</doc>
<doc id="20190095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190095" title="Spaghetti Red">
Spaghetti Red

Spaghetti Red is a spaghetti dish where the noodles are covered with chili. It is served in the central United States and of unclear origins. Typically a mild, bean-less chili is used in spaghetti red, such as the type used on hot dogs.
Spaghetti Red can be served with hot sauce, vinegar, ketchup, and onions are sometimes used for variety. Additional condiments such as pickles, mild shredded cheddar cheese, parmesan cheese, and even mustard are sometimes used.
Regional and restaurant-specific variations include Cincinnati chili, American chop suey, Chili spaghetti, and Chili Mac. Restaurants such as Skyline Chili and Steak 'n Shake would call the noodle-and-chili combination "2-way chili". Adding ingredients such as shredded cheese, onions, and beans re-christen the dish, "3-way", "4-way", and "5-way" respectively.
The most famous regional variant of Spaghetti Red is found in the Hamptons area of Long Island, New York. This variant, created by Ali Tomich, consists of the usual spaghetti and chili, but with the addition of barbecue sauce. Ms. Tomich, sister of famous Australian rules footballer Tommi Tomich, is a noted trial attorney and semi-pro basketball player. In 2009 a bitter dispute erupted between the Tomich family and Brottco, Inc. when hot sauce magnate Dan "The Machine Gun" Brottman sought to obtain the Tomich barbecue sauce recipe with a hostile takeover attempt. The feud made front-page news in both business periodicals and celebrity news tabloids. Ms. Tomich, using her family's immense wealth and power, was able to resist Brottco's takeover attempt, and thereby remain a controlling interest in the sauce. The Tomich Spaghetti Red has the distinct flavor and smell of hotdogs.

</doc>
<doc id="20190111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190111" title="Abby Elliott">
Abby Elliott

Abigail "Abby" Elliott (born June 16, 1987) is an American actress and comedian best known for her four seasons as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" from 2008–2012. She is the daughter of comedian Chris Elliott.
Early life.
Abby Elliott was born in New York City and raised in Wilton, Connecticut, the daughter of Paula Niedert, a talent coordinator, and actor/comedian Chris Elliott. She is the granddaughter of radio comedian Bob Elliott. As a child, she enjoyed acting in school plays at Our Lady of Fatima School in Wilton, and decided that she wanted to pursue acting as a career from an early age. She attended high school at Immaculate High School in Danbury, Connecticut, where she acted in school plays and musicals. After graduating from Immaculate High School in 2005, she attended Marymount Manhattan College in New York City but dropped out during the first semester.
Career.
Elliott took comedy classes at The Groundlings and eventually began training and performing in various sketch comedy shows at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre (UCB) in Los Angeles.
In 2006, Elliott appeared with small roles in the comedy pilots ""You've Reached The Elliotts"" and ""Chrissy: Plain & Simple"", both pilots starring her father, Chris Elliott. While at UCBT, she frequently performed with The Midnight Show sketch troupe. She has also occasionally performed comedy with her younger sister Bridey. Before joining the cast of "SNL", Elliott had also done guest voices roles on "King of The Hill" and "Minoriteam". She has also been featured in a number of "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" sketches such as Jersey Floor and 6-Bee. Elliott made her film debut with a small role in "No Strings Attached" and has since appeared with supporting roles in the films "High Road" and "Fun Size".
Since leaving "SNL" in 2012, Elliott has made guest appearances on television programs such as "2 Broke Girls", "How I Met Your Mother", "Happy Endings", and "Inside Amy Schumer".
"Saturday Night Live".
Elliott joined the cast of "SNL" midway through the 2008–2009 season (season 34), in November 2008, following the departure of Amy Poehler. She is the third generation of her family to have been featured on "SNL" (the second to be hired as a cast member, and her tenure on the show was longer than both her father and grandfather). Her father is actor and comedian Chris Elliott, who was an "SNL" cast member during the 1994–1995 season (season 20) and her grandfather is Bob Elliott of the popular comedy duo Bob & Ray. Bob Elliott co-starred on a Christmas episode in the 1978–1979 season (fourth season).
After four seasons on "SNL", Elliott was let go from the show prior to its 38th season.
Celebrity impressions on SNL.
Elliott's many celebrity impressions during her tenure on SNL included Christina Aguilera, Anne Hathaway, Katy Perry, Angelina Jolie, Joan Cusack, Anna Faris, Khloé Kardashian, Laura Linney (as Cathy Jamison in "The Big C"), Rachel Maddow, Sarah McLachlan, Marilyn Monroe, Brittany Murphy (whose sole appearance as her was removed from all reruns following the real Brittany Murphy's death), Ke$ha, Rosie Pope, Leah Remini, Chloë Sevigny, Meryl Streep, Jamie Lynn Spears, Zooey Deschanel, Jewel, Lea Michele (as Rachel Berry from "Glee"), Heather Menzies (as Louisa von Trapp in the film "The Sound of Music"), Belle (from "Beauty and the Beast)" , Emma Watson (as "Harry Potter" character Hermione Granger), Jennifer Lawrence (as Katniss Everdeen from "The Hunger Games")
Personal life.
In August 2010, media outlets reported Elliott was dating fellow "Saturday Night Live" cast member Fred Armisen. They ended their relationship in September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20190152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190152" title="North Adams SteepleCats">
North Adams SteepleCats

The North Adams SteepleCats are a collegiate summer baseball team based in North Adams, Massachusetts, United States. The team, a member of the New England Collegiate Baseball League, plays its home games at Joe Wolfe Field in North Adams.
SteepleCats Alumni.
Former SteepleCats Joe Smith, Bobby Wilson, Mike Ekstrom, Blake Davis and Evan Scribner have played in the major leagues. SteepleCats alumni who have gone on to play minor league baseball include Eric Brown, Cole Gillespie, Chris Homer, Kris Watts, Davis Bilardello, Derrick Alfonso, Chris Cates, Jeremy Hamilton, Logan Johnson, Brandon Menchaca, Matt Morizio, Timothy Pahuta, Anthony Seratelli, and John Servidio.

</doc>
<doc id="20190155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190155" title="Reed Waddell">
Reed Waddell

Reed C. Waddell (c. 1860-March 27 or April 5, 1895) was an American swindler, confidence man and underworld figure in New York during the mid-to late 19th century. He was one of the most successful men of his trade making nearly a quarter of a million dollars using his "gold brick" swindle, a con game which he invented and introduced to New York in 1880, and from which the term "goldbricker" originated.
Waddell was also involved in schemes with other prominent confidence men, including attempts to sell the Brooklyn Bridge, before his murder by noted bunco artist Tom O'Brien in 1895.
Biography.
Waddell was born in Springfield, Illinois, shortly before the American Civil War. Although raised respectable upper-middle-class family, he became known as a high stakes gambler and was eventually cut off by his family before the age of 21. He arrived in New York in 1880 where he offered the first gold brick ever offered for sale. This was part of his famed "gold brick" game in which the buyer, believed to be purchasing a gold brick from the U.S. Assayer's Office, was in fact was a lead bar with triple gold-plating and a rough finish with a small chunk of solid gold sunk in the middle. It also appeared to bear the official markings, such as the "U.S." and the name of the assayer stamped on either end of the gold bar and had the weight and fineness stamped on the underside.
The victim was brought to an accomplice posing as an assayer, who occupied an office and displayed the necessary equipment, who confirmed Wadell's claims. If the person was still not convinced, Waddell would take out a slug of real gold and suggest he take that piece to a jewelers where, even if the victim took him up on his offer, he would be satisfied when it was correctly identified by the jeweler. Waddell sold his first brick for $4,000 and began manufacturing bricks which sold were sold between $3,500 and $7,000. He also expanded his operations into the "green goods" or sawdust swindle and, between the two ventures, he reportedly made $250,000 within ten years.
Waddell eventually moved his operations to Paris, France, working in partnership with Tom O'Brien, but was murdered by him there in an argument over shares of a bunco swindle on March 27, 1895. He had been shot several times by O'Brien, twice in the back and chest as well as suffering wounds to his head and heart, at the Northern Railway Station. O'Brien was arrested by French authorities however his trial was postponed when the United States Department of State requested that he be extradited to the United States.
Waddell's remains were buried in his hometown, at Oak Ridge Cemetery

</doc>
<doc id="20190158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190158" title="Dick Brooks (magician)">
Dick Brooks (magician)

Dick Brooks, considered a magician of renown, has been a professional performer since leaving school, was born in New York City. As a teenager he joined a Department of Parks magic club headed up by the official magician of New York City, Abe Hurwitz (Peter Pan the Magic Man), who was also the father of the soon to be famous Shari Lewis. When Hurwitz left the Peter Pan Magic Club, the members wanted a more mature name after famous magician Carl Ballantine joked to the members, "I love your peanut butter!" Brooks, came up with the name F.A.M.E., which stood for Future American Magical Entertainers, and the club lasted for many years thereafter. Then six magicians from the Society of American Magicians, who at first did not allow youngsters to join, formed the Society of Young Magicians (S.Y.M.) for youngsters in 1984.
The Magic Towne House.
Brooks was founder along with Dorothy Dietrich, of the Magic Towne House on the Upper East Side that presented magic in New York City for over 15 years.
According to William Dorflinger's book on magic history, "The Magic Catalogue", "The Towne House is a discovery for magic lovers"... and Ray Carter (aka Dick Brooks (entertainer)) performs a wide range of magic effects also, and is well known for his demonstrations of ESP and mind reading."
Wanting a larger facility and a place to house his collection of Houdini memorabilia he opened The Houdini Museum with Dorothy Dietrich in the Scranton- Wilkes-Barre-Pocono Mountain region of northeast Pennsylvania.
Imam would, after several years, break away and form his own competing club downtown in Greenwich Village. Dick Brooks along with partner Dorothy Dietrich resurrected Brother Theodore's career in the 1970s. Dick Brooks searched out Brother Theodore who he had seen perform in Greenwich Village years before, whose career had waned, to do several seasons of midnight shows at The Magic Towne House, and helped to bring him back to prominence that led to Theodore appearing on The Tom Snyder Tomorrow Show and a long series of TV and movie appearances. A picture of the Magic Towne House ad that appeared in local New YorkNewspapers such as the Village Voice and The New York post can be found at Shock Cinema Magazine at http://www.shockcinemamagazine.com/brother.html
Upon the closing of the Magic Towne House, performers who developed there, Michael Chaut and Peter Samelson along with others would later develop "Monday Night Magic" which still runs successfully in New York City.
Author and publisher Hocus Pocus Magazine.
While at the Magic Towne House Dick Brooks conceived, edited and wrote a widely distributed 64 page magazine for magicians, "Hocus Pocus Magazine", for three years.
The Houdini Museum.
He conceived and founded the Houdini Museum in Scranton, PA which was featured in the recent book The Hollywood Walk of Fame as a fun and mysterious institution. It is said to be the only building in the world devoted to Houdini.
The Houdini Grave Site Restoration.
On September 27, 2011 Dick Brookz of The Houdini Museum along with Dorothy Dietrich and Steve Moore, who later came to be known by the media as the Houdini Commandos secretly restored the missing statuary bust at Houdini's grave site that was destroyed by vandals in 1975. It was reported worldwide in a half page story in the New York Times.
Houdini consultant.
Both TV and the press have utilized the service of Dick Brooks as consultant not including The Criss Angel show, hop, The Travel Channel, The New York Times, The London Times, Inside Magic and The New York Daily News. The producers of the Travel Channel found his work and performance worthy of Highlighting on their show Magic Road Trip which played in the USA and on the CBC as well.
Magic consultant.
He has acted as magic consultant for The New York Shakespere Festival, Woody Allen's "The Magic Light Bulb" at New York's City Center, and Radio City Music Hall. Because of his reputation he also manages to get exclusive interviews with hard to reach celebrities such as Uri Geller. He is an author and inventor of several books and magical effects.
Appearances.
Brooks has appeared in top venues such as Rainbow Grill at the Waldorf Astoria in NYC, The Americana Hotel in Puerto Rico for 3 months, held over, and returned and headlined Number One Fifth Ave in New York City (Barbra Streisand and Woody Allen also headlined there), the Morocco in Montreal, repeatedly at New York's Living Room with Jack Jones and others, as well as Three Rivers in Detroit, and a series of other top cabarets.
He has appeared on the same bill, usually the opening act, with Jack Jones, Jerry Vale, Lou Monte, George Kirby, Pat Cooper, Neil Sedaka, Bobby Darin, Don Cornell and others.
Corporate appearances.
He has worked as an entertainer for major corporations such as Coleco, Pepsi, Frito Lay, Maidenform, First Boston, Yago Sangria, Pool Trol, etc., with shows written by him that revolved around the product.
Television appearances.
His television appearances include Atlantic City Alive, Travel Channel's "Magic Road Trip", Biography Channel's "Dead Famous-Houdini", Evening Magazine, Good Morning America, Home Box Office, Canada's Deals From The Dark Side", as well as many local and news programs.
Celebrity clients.
He has been hired for major society parties by Diana Ross, Brooke Shields, Carly Simon, Barry Manilow, John Lithgow, David Merrick, Stevie Wonder, multiple times for the Rockefeller family and others. See photos on right.
Shows.
Brooks currently starring in Psychic Theater's production "HAUNTED! Mind Mysteries & THE Beyond! The show has been held over for the past three years, runs up to 4 hours and has gotten excellent reviews. The Fall issue of the Pennsylvania Pursuits put out by the Pennsylvania Tourism Office of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania picked Brooks' Psychic Theater as one of the 10 most haunted places in Pennsylvania, placing it at number 9.
His schedule includes traveling for outside events.

</doc>
<doc id="20190167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190167" title="Michael Paul Mason">
Michael Paul Mason

Michael Paul Mason (born May 29, 1971, Tulsa, Oklahoma), sometimes credited as Michael Mason, is an American writer, author, editor, and journalist.
Literary work.
Mason's first book of non-fiction, "Head Cases: Stories of Brain Injury and Its Aftermath", chronicles the years he spent as a brain-injury case manager and tells the stories of twelve individuals who survived brain injury.
While a contributing editor for "Discover" magazine, Mason wrote the article, "Dead Men Walking", which triggered a national debate about the treatment of brain-injured veterans of the Iraq War. As an independent radio producer, Mason has created works that have appeared on several public radio stations. 
Mason is the founding editor of This Land Press, a publication based in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="20190179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190179" title="Kristi Cirone">
Kristi Cirone

Kristi "Mary Rose" Cirone is a player on Illinois State's basketball team. She is a Point Guard for the Redbirds. A scholar athlete majoring in Exercise Science. Cirone has received many awards including AFNI Athletics Honor Roll: Fall 2005, Spring 2006, Fall 2006, Spring 2007, Fall 2007, Spring 2008, MVC Honor Roll: 2008, MVC Commissioner's Academic Excellence Award: 2008.
In 2009, the WNBA's Connecticut Sun signed Cirone to a training camp contract. She made the 11-woman opening day roster. She was waived on June 19 when the Sun signed Tan White.
Resurrection.
Cirone was a Four-year starter at Resurrection High School from 2001-2004. She made the 2005 McDonald's All-America Top-100 list. One of only two juniors on 2004 IBCA First Team. 2005 Associated Press Second-Team All-State and 2004 Chicago Tribune Second-Team All-State. Advanced to 2005 IHSA State Finals in the Country Insurance Three-Point Showdown. Led Resurrection to an 85-36 record in four years and is the school's all-time leader in points (2,300), assists (414) and steals (370). She also holds the school record for points in a game (43) and season (703). Cirone averaged 20.4 ppg, 4.1 rpg, 4.6 apg and 4.5 spg as a senior, 22.7 ppg, 5.0 rpg, 3.0 apg and 2.7 spg as a junior, 20.3 ppg, 3.9 apg, 3.9 spg as a sophomore and 10.3 ppg, 3.7 rpg, 2.2 apg and 1.7 spg as a freshman. Also played AAU basketball for the Illinois Hustlers.
Illinois State.
Freshman.
2006 Missouri Valley Conference Freshman of the Year. Missouri Valley Conference All-Freshman Team member. Led the Redbirds in assists, free throws made, three-point field goals made and tied for the team lead in steals. Four-time Valley Newcomer of the Week (11/21, 12/4, 12/19, 2/27). First player in Valley history to be both State Farm MVC Player of the Week and Newcomer of the Week (12/19). Set ISU freshman season records for three-point field goals made and free throws made. Set ISU record for most steals in a game at Redbird Arena with eight against Wichita State (1/22).
Sophomore.
2007 Jackie Stiles Missouri Valley Conference Player of the Year. All-Valley First-Team, All-Defensive Team and All-MVC Scholar-Athlete Second-Team selection. Led Illinois State in scoring, field goals made and attempted, free throws made and attempted, assists, steals and minutes played. Recorded 29 double-digit scoring efforts, including 13 outings with 20 or more points. Averaged 5.58 assists per game, the top mark in the MVC. Two-time State Farm MVC Player of the Week (12/11, 1/8). Two-time Prairie Farms/MVC Scholar-Athlete of the Week (12/14, 1/11).
Junior.
2008 Jackie Stiles Missouri Valley Conference Player of the Year, only the fourth player in the history of the conference to win the award in back-to-back years. All-Valley First-Team, All-Defensive Team and MVC Scholar-Athlete First-Team selection. Associated Press Honorable Mention All-American. WBCA/State Farm Honorable Mention All-American. 2008 Jill Hutchison ISU Female Athlete of the Year. Final nominee for the Nancy Lieberman Award. Team captain. Led the Redbirds in scoring, field goals made and attempted, three-point field goals made and attempted, free throws made and attempted, assists, assist-to-turnover ratio, steals and minutes. Led the nation in assist-to-turnover ratio (2.87). Three-time MVC Player of the Week (1/8, 1/15, 2/25). Four-time Prairie Farms/MVC Scholar-Athlete of the Week (1/10, 1/17, 2/26, 3/19). Best Western Roundball Classic All-Tournament Team selection. State Farm MVC Tournament MVP. Scored 22 points and had four assists in the NCAA Tournament First Round against Oklahoma (3/23).
Senior.
2009 Jackie Stiles Missouri Valley Conference Player of the Year, only the second player in the history of the conference to win the award in three consecutive years. (The only other is the awards namesake, Jackie Stiles) 2009 Preseason 1st team NCAA All-American selection. ISU got the Preseason AP Poll 10th rank. She now holds the women's career scoring record for the most points at Illinois State University.

</doc>
<doc id="20190185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190185" title="Wasatch Mountain State Park">
Wasatch Mountain State Park

Wasatch Mountain State Park is a state park of Utah, USA, located in the Heber Valley of Wasatch County near Midway.
Established in 1961, Wasatch Mountain State Park is Utah's most developed state park. Named for Wasatch Mountain, the park consists of , and sits at an elevation of . Wildlife in the park includes deer, elk, wild turkeys, and moose.
Park facilities.
Wasatch Mountain State Park is used for mountain activities such as camping, picnicking, hiking, off-road vehicle use, horseback riding, Nordic skiing, snow tubing, and snowmobiling. It is also home to Wasatch Mountain and Soldier Hollow golf courses.
There are 139 campsites at the park, along with two pavilions for group use, restrooms, showers, and utility hookups.
Soldier Hollow was host to some of the events of the 2002 Winter Olympics. The venue remains open to the public year-round, offering Nordic skiing, tubing, snowshoeing, a summer and winter biathlon, and in-line skating facilities.
History.
Wasatch Mountain State Park contains two historic features. The restored Tate Barn, at the south end of the park, is a recognized landmark and Heber Valley symbol. It is a classic wooden barn built in the 1890s. Huber Grove, a 100-year-old apple orchard, features the Huber Farmhouse and Creamery.

</doc>
<doc id="20190204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190204" title="Andrew of Fleury">
Andrew of Fleury

Andrew of Fleury was a Christian monk and contemporary historian of the Peace and Truce of God movements. 
A Benedictine at Fleury Abbey, Andrew's chief work was "Miracula sancti Benedicti" ("The Miracles of Saint Benedict"), written "c".1043. He records that in 1038 Aimon, Archbishop of Bourges, forced his suffragans to swear an oath to fight the enemies of the church, and made every male fifteen years old or older swear the same oath to his diocesan. A "peace army", composed mainly of clerics and peasants, was formed and much bloodshed followed. Andrew disapproves of Aimon's actions, arguing that the "peace army" soon became blinded by ambition. 
Andrew visited Catalonia on at least one occasion. He is the most detailed and accurate source for the Battle of Torà in 1003. He records the presence, on the Christian side, of four counts: Raymond Borell of Barcelona, Bernard I of Besalú, Wifred II of Cerdagne, and Ermengol I of Urgell. He is in error, however, when he records that the Caliph of Córdoba, Hisham II, died in the encounter, which is probably a local legend. The actual leader of the Muslim army was Abdelmelik, the son of "hajib" Almanzor. Andrew reports the battle in terms as if describing a holy war. The Muslims, whose numbers he puts at 17 000, are "new Philistines", the Christians are aided by the saints Peter and Michael and the Virgin Mary, who announces the Christian victory as far away as Monte Sant'Angelo. Despite the theme of religious warfare, Spanish historians have not picked up on Andrew's account.
Andrew also wrote a "Vita Gauzlini" ("Life of Gauzlin") about the former abbot of his house, Gauzlin. He reports that Gauzlin mistakenly believed that the "heretics of Orléans" "nuptias non prohibeo, secunda matrimonio non dampno" ("they do not prohibit weddings, according to which they do not damn marriage"); Andrew more accurately reports that "nuptias con benedictione non debere fieri, sed accipiat quiscumque qualiter voluerit" ("weddings with a blessing they forbid to be made, rather they consider as indebted whomever wills it"). Andrew also includes a copy of the letter Gauzlin addressed to Robert II of France in 1022, after the king asked him why blood had been seen to fall from the sky. He also records the poem to which the cycle of Apocalyptic frescoes at Fleury, commission by Gauzlin, corresponds.

</doc>
<doc id="20190224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190224" title="Goathaunt Bunkhouse">
Goathaunt Bunkhouse

The Goathaunt Bunkhouse was built as a service structure for the Great Northern Hotel Company's development of the Goathaunt site in Glacier National Park. The bunkhouse is the last surviving structure of this era at this location, near the southern end of Waterton Lake. Its design has been attributed to National Park Service landscape architect Thomas Chalmers Vint.
The site is at the southern end of Waterton Lake, near the modern Goat Haunt Ranger Station. It was built to house the crew of the "M.V. International", a small passenger launch that plied the route between the American and Canadian ends of Waterton Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20190226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190226" title="Destry (band)">
Destry (band)

Destry is an indie folk band centered on Michelle DaRosa. Formerly a vocalist for Straylight Run, on June 3, 2008 Michelle left Straylight Run on friendly terms to pursue a solo career, beginning Destry soon after.
Destry's current work currently consists of collaborations between Michelle and four other artists, Sam Means of The Format, drummer Nico Childrey and Tyler Odom who played together in Cassino, and bassist Shaun Cooper of Straylight Run and Taking Back Sunday.
Michelle DaRosa said all five have collaborated, but have never been in the same room together. The band was proven to have finally been all together by a MySpace blog post by Michelle on February 2, 2009. She also says the only members of a possible tour would be herself, Nico, and Shaun.
On May 1, 2009, the band announced via Myspace that it would have a short tour with The Narrative in June staying within Northeastern America.
Destry's first studio album, "It Goes On", was released on October 30, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20190282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190282" title="Trosterud">
Trosterud

Trosterud is a neighborhood in Alna borough in Oslo, Norway.
The neighborhood is known for its tall yellow housing blocks and the fresh water lake Lutvann is located there. The population of Trosterud today is a mixture of different nationalities and ethnicities. Trosterud is bordered by the neighborhoods of Haugerud and Lindeberg.
Trosterud is served by Oslo T-bane's Trosterud station with four departures every hour. The ride to downtown Oslo takes about 20 minutes. There are two bus services to Trosterud.

</doc>
<doc id="20190298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190298" title="Greg Arnold">
Greg Arnold

Greg Arnold is a singer/songwriter who won the prestigious APRA songwriter of the Year award in 1993 and performs regularly with his folk/rock band, Things of Stone and Wood.
He is perhaps best known for the song "Happy Birthday Helen" (released 1992), about his girlfriend, whom he later married, Dr Helen Durham of The Red Cross. The song was performed by Things of Stone and Wood, which won 'Best New Talent' at the 1993 ARIA awards.
Biography.
Greg Arnold was lead vocalist with Melbourne band, 13 at Midnight, which released a single in 1986 "She Sells Sanctuary", followed by an album in 1987 "Warring Tribes".
Greg Arnold released a solo album "Super with Tricycle" in 1999 that enjoyed extensive airplay on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
A second album was released in November 2006, "Lost Marie", a collection of melodic short stories. Arnold said "I’ve been banging on about myself for about twenty years... I thought it was about time to make something up." These are lyrical ballards about a cast of ex-cons, car-jackers, philanderers, disaffected Sydney émigrés, elderly musicians, delusional romantics, and conspiracy theorists, accompanied with acoustic instrumentation provided by Ian Kitney on the drums and Pete Haydon on brass, percussion and supporting vocals.
Arnold has two children and so performs regularly at an annual "child-friendly folk rock-cum-BBQ jamboree" which, according to Justin Slater from acoustic group, Junior, provides an opportunity "To get the kids along and get them involved in art and music and at the same time enjoy your time listening to some music rather than just sitting around worrying about your superannuation and how you remember the good old days."
In 2006 Arnold wrote the song "Close My Eyes" for the Australian Red Cross and recorded the song with former Midnight Oil drummer, Rob Hirst, and Paul Greene. The song has received considerable airplay across Asia. Arnold said "This song was inspired by the realisation that it is so easy to ignore all the terrible news in the world. The onslaught of images one sees and hears via various media outlets can make us emotionally immune." 
From 2007 to the present Greg Arnold performs as part of a trio Greg Arnold and the Lost Marias which also features: John Bedggood (Bernard Fanning) on fiddle, mando and piano and Ian Kitney (Tim Rogers) on the drums. His 2011 album with The Swamp Dandies received great reviews ("nimble...horse power pop" Rhythms Magazine) and gained international recognition when the "charming" and "hilarious" clip for "Olivia" was endorsed by Olivia Newton-John. 
Greg Arnold has a Bachelor of Arts (Honours in English Literature) from Melbourne University and a Masters of Education (Arts Administration) from RMIT and is currently a confirmed PhD candidate at UTAS He is a senior lecturer and the head of program of the Bachelor of Music Industry program at Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE and continues to write songs, perform, and produce records for other bands and musicians including Melbourne indie-rock band Skipping Girl Vinegar.
Discography.
13 at Midnight 
Members: Greg Arnold (vocals), Russell Hall (bass), Peter Pilley (drums), Byron Smith (guitar)
Things of Stone and Wood
Things of Stone and Wood discography according to Australian Rock Database:
Solo

</doc>
<doc id="20190301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190301" title="Neuhabsburg Castle">
Neuhabsburg Castle

Neuhabsburg Castle () is a privately owned castle located in Meggen, Lucerne, Switzerland, built on the ruins of a much older castle. In 1244 the income from the land was granted to the Fraumünster Abbey in Zurich. In 1244/5 the original castle was built by the Habsburg family on the shore of Lucerne Lake. The castle may have been built to replace the old Meggenhorn fort. While it may have been the summer home of Rudolph I it mostly served as the administration building for a small Habsburg department that covered Weggis, Lipperswil, Küssnacht, Immensee, Kehrsiten, Greppen, Udligenswil, Arth and Holzhäusern. The castle was damaged in 1245 following the excommunication of Frederick II by Pope Innocent IV at the Council of Lyon. 
Following the creation of the Old Swiss Confederacy in 1291, the castle was an obstacle to the new Confederation. However, it was not destroyed until 1352, after Lucerne had joined the original Forest Cantons. 
Of the original castle only portions of the square main tower, a thick ring wall and several other buildings remain.
The current castle was built in 1871 in a Gothic Revival style and remains privately owned.

</doc>
<doc id="20190305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190305" title="Portrait of a Beauty">
Portrait of a Beauty

Portrait of a Beauty () is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Jeon Yun-su. Adapted from the bestselling novel "Painter of the Wind" () by Lee Jung-myung, the film portrays Joseon-era painter Shin Yun-bok (better known by his pen name, Hyewon) as being a woman disguised as a man.
"Portrait of a Beauty" opened in South Korean theaters on 13 November 2008. It was the 8th most attended domestic film of 2008 with 2,364,482 tickets sold. 
Plot.
Retired court painter Shin Han-pyeong seeks to settle an old score with the most sought after painter of that time, Kim Hong-do (Kim Yeong-ho). Shin raises his son to surpass Kim Hong-do, but his son commits suicide over his lack of talent. The father then pushes his daughter Yun-jeong to disguise herself as her brother and enter the world of court painters.
Now the grown-up Yun-jeong (Kim Min-sun), now known under the pen name "Hyewon," finally enters the court and learns to paint under the guidance of Kim Hong-do, who is trusted by King Jeongjo.
Kim Hong-do quickly notices Yun-bok's huge potential as well as his girlish features. Things remain normal until Yun-bok goes out and comes across a playful seller of mirrors, Kang-mu (Kim Nam-gil). When their romantic adventure takes off, it is Kim Hong-do who ends up heartbroken. Kim's jealousy, and his desire to own Yun-bok physically and emotionally, soars to a perilous level.
Artistic license.
Shin Yun-bok, better known by the pen name Hyewon, was a real historical figure who produced a host of thematically provocative and artistically excellent paintings in the 18th century. However, not one record of the painter still exists.
Several art history scholars have criticized the Korean entertainment industry for distorting historical facts about the painter, who was unquestionably a man. The novel had also been adapted into the television series "Painter of the Wind".

</doc>
<doc id="20190311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190311" title="Christian Vedder">
Christian Vedder

Christopher Darren "Christian" Vedder, (born on October 20, 1969, in (Kansas City, Missouri) is an American radio personality and commercial voice actor.
Voice Actor.
Christian Vedder is a professional voice/actor and a member of AFTRA, "American Federation of Television and Radio Artists".
The world's largest retailer Wal-Mart, AMC Theatres, Ford Motor Company, Winn-Dixie, and Missouri Lottery are some of the brand names that have employed his voice.
Sports Radio.
Christian Vedder has been a player in the sports radio industry for over a decade as a reporter, host and producer.

</doc>
<doc id="20190371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190371" title="Sermons and speeches of Martin Luther King, Jr.">
Sermons and speeches of Martin Luther King, Jr.

The sermons and speeches of Martin Luther King, Jr. comprise an extensive catalog of American writing and oratory — some of which are internationally well-known, while others remain unheralded, and some await re-discovery. 
Martin Luther King, Jr. was a prominent African American clergyman, a civil rights leader, and a Nobel laureate. 
King himself observed, "In the quiet recesses of my heart, I am fundamentally a clergyman, a Baptist preacher."
Speechwriter and orator.
The famous "I Have a Dream" address was delivered from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C. Less well-remembered are the early sermons of that young, 25-year-old pastor who first began preaching at the Dexter Avenue Baptist Church in Montgomery, Alabama in 1954. As a political leader in the Civil Rights Movement and as a modest preacher in a Baptist church, King evolved and matured across the span of a life cut short. The range of his rhetoric was anticipated and encompassed within "The Three Dimensions of a Complete Life," which he preached as his trial sermon at Dexter Avenue Baptist Church in 1954 and every year thereafter for the rest of his life.
Notes.
Speech can be heard at: http://www.smu.edu/audio/mlk-at-smu-17march1966.wma

</doc>
<doc id="20190372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190372" title="2009 S.League">
2009 S.League

The 2009 S.League (officially known as the Great-Eastern-Yeo's S.League for sponsorship reasons) was the 14th season since the establishment of the S.League. Singapore Armed Forces FC won their eighth S.League title.
Changes to the league include:
League table.
2009 S-League Standings.
Final League Standings
† Following a FIFA decision reached in Rio de Janeiro on 29 September 2009, Brunei DPMM will no longer be permitted to play in the S.League. They were unable to complete the League after FIFA denies FAS appeal for Brunei DPMM FC to finish the 2009 season. Their records were being expunged according to the League rule.
Results.
Fixtures and Results of the S. League 2009 season.
Note: The results are broken down into weeks rather than rounds, as some teams may play 2 or more games a week due to the nature of the league system (games are played every day). Hence, sometimes, teams may not play in the league some weeks due to other competition commitments or re-arranged games.
Week 1.
The opening week of the season runs from Monday 16 February to Sunday 22 February.
Week 2.
The 2nd week of the season runs from Monday 23 February to Sunday 1 March.
Week 3.
The 3rd week of the season runs from Monday 2 March to Sunday 8 March.
Week 4.
The 4th week of the season runs from Monday 9 March to Sunday 15 March.
Week 5.
The 5th week of the season runs from Monday 16 March to Sunday 22 March.
Week 6.
The 6th week of the season runs from Monday 23 March to Sunday 29 March.
Week 7.
The 7th week of the season runs from Monday 30 March to Sunday 5 April.
Week 8.
The 8th week of the season runs from Monday 6 April to Sunday 12 April.
Week 9.
The 9th week of the season runs from Monday 13 April to Sunday 19 April.
Week 10.
The 10th week of the season runs from Monday 20 April to Monday 27 April. The week is one day longer than normal so as to accommodate the break for Singapore Cup 2009 between 28 April and 6 May. The league will resume on 7 May.
Week 11.
The 11th week of the season runs from Thursday 7 May to Sunday 10 May, following the break for Singapore Cup 2009.
Week 12.
The 12th week of the season runs from Monday 11 May to Sunday 17 May.
Week 13.
The 13th week of the season runs from Monday 18 May to Sunday 24 May.
Week 14.
The 14th week of the season runs from Monday 25 May to Saturday 30 May. The league will then take a break for the League Cup.
Week 15.
The 15th week of the season runs from Monday 22 June to Sunday 28 June. The league resume after the break for the League Cup.
Week 16.
The 16th week of the season runs from Monday 29 June to Sunday 5 July. 
Week 17.
The 17th week of the season runs from Monday 6 June to Sunday 12 July. 
Week 18.
The 18th week of the season runs from Monday 13 June to Sunday 19 July. 
Week 19.
The 19th week of the season runs from Monday 20 June to Friday 24 July. The week is shortened as the Singapore National Team takes on Liverpool in a friendly on Sunday 26 July.
Week 20.
The 20th week of the season runs from Tuesday 28 July to Sunday 2 August. The week is shortened as the Singapore National Team takes on Liverpool in a friendly on Sunday 26 July.
Week 21.
The 21st week of the season runs from Tuesday 3rd to Saturday 8 August. The week is shortened as the country celebrate its National Day on 9 August and the national team prepares for a friendly against China on 12 August. The League will resume on 14 August.
Week 22.
Only one game was scheduled for week 22, the week was shortened as the national team was in action during midweek.
Week 23.
The 23rd week of the season runs from Monday 17th to Sunday 23 August.
Week 24.
The 24th week of the season runs from Monday 24 August to Thursday 27 August. The week is shorthened to accommodate the Singapore Cup 2009 between 26 August and 4 September. The league will resume on 6 September.
Week 25.
The 25th week of the season runs from Sunday 6 September to Sunday 13 September. The week is one day longer than normal so as to accommodate the break for Singapore Cup 2009 between 26 August and 4 August.
Week 26.
The 26th week of the season runs from Monday 14 September to Sunday 20 September.
Week 27.
The 27th week of the season runs from Monday 21 September to Sunday 27 September.
Week 28.
The 28th week of the season runs from Monday 28 September to Sunday 4 October.
Week 29.
The 29th week of the season runs from Monday 5 October to Sunday 11 October. The week has fewer match to accommodate the Singapore Cup semi finals.
Week 30.
The 30th week of the season runs from Monday 12 October to Sunday 18 October. 
Week 31.
The 31st week of the season runs from Tuesday 20 October to Friday 23 October. The week was shorthened to accommodate the National Team participation in the Ho Chi Minh City Football Tournament. The schedule was revised after DPMM Brunei was denied to continue playing in the League by FIFA.
Week 32.
The 32nd week of the season runs from Tuesday 27 October to Saturday 31 October.
Week 33.
The 33rd week of the season runs from Tuesday 2 November to Friday 6 November. It was the final week of the 2009 season.
Stadia and attendance.
Attendance.
The League will only play 193 matches after Brunei DPMM were unable to complete the season.
S-League Awards Night Winners.
The winners will be announced on 9 November 2009 on the 14th Great Eastern-YEO’S S.League Awards Night.

</doc>
<doc id="20190400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190400" title="Charles Edward Hamilton">
Charles Edward Hamilton

Charles Edward Hamilton (1844 – 25 May 1919) was a Canadian politician serving as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba and as the seventh Mayor of Winnipeg in 1885.
Born in Rochester, England, Hamilton emigrated to Canada before studying law. Hamilton married Alma Lizzie Ashworth of Ottawa. After moving from St. Catharines, Ontario to Winnipeg in 1881, he established a law practice. In the 1884 city election, he won the contest for mayor as a citizen's candidate. 
On 24 February 1885, Hamilton won a provincial by-election in the Winnipeg South riding for the Conservative party. In the 1886 provincial election, he won the Shoal Lake riding.
Hamilton left provincial politics and in 1888 moved to Saint Paul, Minnesota where he became Vice-President of the Pacific and Oriental Investment Company in 1897, as well as serving as the British Vice-Consul for Minnesota. Hamilton died in 1919.
Hamilton's son, Charles Ashworth Hamilton, was the founder of Hamilton's Stores in Yellowstone National Park.
Hamilton Avenue in Winnipeg is named in C.E. Hamilton's honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20190409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190409" title="Fred and Red's">
Fred and Red's

Fred and Red's was an historic greasy spoon diner in Joplin, Missouri. The restaurant was started in 1923 and moved to its current location in 1943. The original arrangement and features have remained relatively unchanged through two generations of family ownership. The diner had been for sale for several years, but with no suitable offer, it closed on March 16th, 2012 and the owner retired. The business, including property and proprietary recipes remain for sale.
History.
Fred Herring started a chili counter on Joplin's Main Street just 3 blocks south of what would become Route 66. The eatery catered to local blue-collar workers such as the area miners and in 1943 was moved seven blocks south to its current location, which happened to be across the street from the grocery store that supplied the meat for Herring's chili. According to a 1951 Joplin City Directory, the restaurant was known as Fred and Grover's. The butcher at the grocery store was William "Red" Wilcoxson, who bought half of Fred's business in 1956 to become his partner.
In 1973 Herring retired, turning his responsibilities over to Red's son and final owner Larry Wilcoxson, who worked at the restaurant from age 11. In 1975 Herring died, and Red Wilcoxson retired, and Larry ran the business himself until it closed, March 16th, 2012. The Southwest Missouri eatery was a local landmark.
Business description.
Fred and Red's was famous for their award-winning chili, tamales, and Spaghetti Red. They also served coneys, chili burgers, hamburgers, frito pie, and home-made fruit pies. Red Wilcoxson died in 2005, causing his son Larry to consider selling the business where he had worked since age 11, but with no suitable buyer being found, Wilcoxson decided to retire and discontinue the business. This decision was announced by his daughter on the Facebook fan page called "We Love Fred and Red's" on March 5, 2012.
With the announcement of the upcoming closing, demand grew dramatically, often greater than supply available. After two stressful weeks of working extra hours to keep up, Larry Wilcoxson decided to close sooner than the planned mid-April date previously communicated. The business closed its doors on March 16, 2012, around 5 PM. Wilcoxson was given the last serving of spaghetti red.
The restaurant had a distinctive "U-shaped" counter, 22 barstools, and a central serving area. One of the restaurant's unique features was a home-made tamale press created from scrap Ford Model T car parts and used to manually make 5400 tamales every week.
A local fan of the restaurant, Dan Daugherty, composed a poem in tribute to Fred and Red's, and for many years it was printed on the back of each guest check. A framed copy of the tribute was posted on the restaurant's wall.
The diner had no drive-thru window, no published phone number, and a smallish parking lot, but did a brisk carry-out business. There were frequently long lines waiting for one of the 22 barstools at the counter.
Notable facts.
The restaurant has been immortalized as an HO scale Model Railroading kit marketed by Blair Line. The model pays homage to the Joplin store, but it does not resemble the building, and the backstory is fictitious.

</doc>
<doc id="20190431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190431" title="Sabrina Anijs">
Sabrina Anijs

Sabrina Anijs is a model and a Dutch beauty queen. She was crowned as Miss Benelux 2009 in October 2008. She represented the Netherlands in the Miss Earth 2009 pageant, which was held between the 4th and 24 October 2009.
Miss Benelux 2009.
Anijs, who was born and raised in Netherlands, was crowned Miss Benelux 2009 during an event held on October 4, 2008 in Belgium, which participated by 40 contestants from Belgium, Netherlands and Luxembourg. Anijs, who is 1.75 m tall, is a Law student at the University of Leiden. She eventually hopes to make the transition of working into a law profession. Besides her studies, Anijs also works part time for the customer of a cable company. Her pageant court includes Miss Benelux Belgium, Isabel Van Hoof and Theodora Banica as Miss Benelux Luxembourg.
She will represent the Netherlands in the Miss Earth 2009 beauty pageant in the Philippines, which probably be held in October to November 2009.
Miss India Holland 2005.
On June 4, 2005, Anijs participated in the Miss India Holland 2005, which is an annual beauty contest for ladies of Hindustan origin. The pageant consisted of a number of rounds including the gala round for fashion clothing, talent round, and Indian national costume competition. She placed second runner up in the event.

</doc>
<doc id="20190435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190435" title="The Interchurch Center">
The Interchurch Center

The Interchurch Center is a 19-story limestone-clad office building located at 475 Riverside Drive and West 120th Street in Manhattan, New York City. It is the headquarters for the international humanitarian ministry Church World Service, and also houses a wide variety of church agencies and ecumenical and interfaith organizations as well as some nonprofit foundations and faith-related organizations. The National Council of the Churches of Christ in the U.S.A. also occupied the building from its inception, but in February 2013, the NCCC consolidated its offices on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC, and vacated its New York headquarters facilities. NCCC's sister agency, Church World Service, remains a tenant in the building.
Its concentration of religious organizations has led some to nickname the building the "God Box". Samuel G. Freedman describes the building as "the closest thing to a Vatican for America’s mainline Protestant denominations." The mainline churches include the Episcopal, Lutheran, Presbyterian, Reformed Church in America, Methodist and United Church of Christ (Congregationalists) denominations. But across the years many of them moved their headquarters closer to the majority of their constituents, leaving only certain divisions or offices in the New York facilities. 
The Center benefits from a strong religious and educational environment. One of its tenants is the New York Theological Seminary. The building is located across from The Riverside Church, Union Theological Seminary and Columbia University and is a short walk to Jewish Theological Seminary, Manhattan School of Music, and the Episcopal Cathedral of St. John the Divine, all in the Morningside Heights neighborhood of Manhattan's Upper West Side. It is convenient to public rail transportation via subway line #1 at 116th Street, the M60 bus line from LaGuardia Airport, and north-south bus routes M5 on Riverside Drive and M4 and M104 on Broadway.
History.
The Center was built in 1958 with gifts by John D. Rockefeller and other donors, together with a consortium of religious denominations, with the objective of encouraging cooperative work among such diverse religious groups as the Orthodox, African-American, and mainstream Protestant denominations and to foster the growth of ecumenical bodies such as the National Council of Churches. A condition of the Rockefeller gift was that the exterior of the structure had to be clad in the same color limestone as Riverside Church, across 120th Street, the Rockefeller's church home at the time.
In the presence of a crowd of more than 30,000 gathered at the building site, the Center's cornerstone was laid by then-President Dwight D. Eisenhower, whose Secretary of State, John Foster Dulles, and Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare, Arthur S. Flemming, were active in the work of the National Council of Churches.
Incidents.
In 1969 Black militant James Forman led a series of sit-ins at denominational offices in the building, demanding that the denominations pay reparations to Black Americans. At the height of the protests, half of the Center's 2,000 employees stayed away from work in support of Forman. The New York State Supreme Court finally barred Forman from the building.
Tenants.
The Center's current occupants include mission boards, pension boards, and other agencies of several national denominations. Expanding on its original mission of providing a collaborative environment for a community of widely differing Christian denominations and their ecumenical activities, the Center now also houses a growing number of interfaith groups, including Odyssey Networks and The Interfaith Center of New York, plus several Jewish and Muslim organizations.
Over the 50-year history of the facility, some national churches such as the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America and the Presbyterian Church USA, following mergers with sister churches, relocated their primary offices to cities nearer to the majority of their constituencies, but have continued to maintain significant operations in the Interchurch Center.
Several city and state denominational offices, the Council of Churches of the City of New York, and groups as varied as Agricultural Missions, Inc., and the Foundation for Christian Higher Education in Asia also occupy space in the Center, along with offices and classrooms of New York Theological Seminary, and offices of The Rockefeller Brothers Fund.
National interfaith ministries in the building include Religion Communicators Council, Odyssey Networks (a religious media distribution agency of the National Interfaith Cable Coalition), and the Interfaith Center for Corporate Responsibility.
Architecture.
The simplicity of the building's architecture, intended to complement rather than compete with the gothic architecture of surrounding institutional buildings, has caused some critics to disparage its design. Columbia University architecture historian Andrew Dolkart calls the Center "an undistinguished, bulky, limestone building." Other critics have called it "clumsily articulated," and "a squat cube,"
Facilities and services.
Amenities provided to organizations and agencies who occupy the Center are:
A Wednesday noontime concert series during the spring and fall features classical, gospel, jazz and choral music at no charge and open to the general public. The Interchurch Center Chorus and the Gospel Choir, both populated by tenant employees, present periodic concerts in the Center's chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="20190463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190463" title="The Body Human">
The Body Human

The Body Human was a series of specials produced by the National Geographic Society and telecast by CBS, between 1977 and 1984. They were produced and directed by Alfred R. Kelman, who was nominated for an Academy Award in 1966 for "The Face of a Genius". Unlike most National Geographic specials, this series did not concentrate on exploring nature or the origins of man, but, as the name implied, on aspects of the human body, from plastic surgery to sexual function. Alexander Scourby was the narrator. The series was nominated for and won Emmy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20190512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190512" title="1980 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament">
1980 NCAA Division I Men's Ice Hockey Tournament

The 1980 NCAA Division I Ice Tournament involved in playing for single-elimination play to determine the national championship of NCAA Division I. the tournament began on March 22, 1980. The semifinals were on March 27-28,1980. The National Championship was on March 29, 1980. A total of 4 games were played in Providence Civic Center in Providence, Rhode Island, and one game was in Minneapolis, Minnesota. North Dakota won their third national championship over Northern Michigan.
Bracket.
"Consolation Game" Dartmouth 8, Cornell 4

</doc>
<doc id="20190513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190513" title="George William Kinman">
George William Kinman

George William Kinman (25 December 1862 – 27 July 1927) was Headmaster of Hertford Grammar School from 1905 until his death in 1927. He also headmaster at Dolgelley Grammar School, Chairman of the Ware Education Committee, and a Major in the British Army.
Family life.
George William Kinman was born in Sheffield, Yorkshire, England on Christmas Day 1862, the eldest son of a Silversmith George Kinman and his wife Martha Turner. In 1889 Kinman married Rosa Maud Lavington at St George, Hanover Square, London. The couple had one daughter, Phyllis, who died in 1926.
Education.
George W. Kinman was educated at Sheffield Collegiate School and at St John's College, Cambridge. A Goldsmith’s Exhibitioner, he graduated BA in 1887 with a Second Class in the Classical Tripos, and MA in 1895.
Dolgelley Grammar School.
From 1894 to 1903 Kinman was Head Master of Dolgelley Grammar School in North-West Wales. Due to insufficient funding at the time the school was unable to compete with the County School, which received county council funding. By 1901 the school had just 4 pupils and after Kinmans departure in 1903 the remaining pupils were transferred to the County School and by 1912, with the sale of the schools land, Dolgelley Grammar School ceased to exist.
Other Teaching Posts.
Kinman is mentioned in the 1949 edition of the school magazine for King Edward VII School, Sheffield: George William Kinman who won a Goldsmith's Exhibition at St. John's College, Cambridge from the Collegiate School. Later he was for many years the Head Master of Hertford Grammar School, and also Chairman of the Ware Education Committee. The Head Masters of both schools reported that the scholarship scheme had "been completely successful".
He was also Assistant Master at St. James School in Jersey and Hereford House in Brighton and was senior resident instructor at the Army College, Farnham
Hertford Grammar School.
In 1903 he was appointed Head Master of Ware Grammar School (by Chairman of Governors Richard Croft), and when that school was amalgamated with Hertford Grammar School in 1905, Major Kinman became Head Master of the now Richard Hale School, a position he maintained until his death in 1927.
Educational Philosophy.
Kinman’s educational philosophy was explained by Rev W.D. Penning, writing in the Hertfordshire Mercury after the Major’s death:
The Major was devoted to the School and to the boys that came to it. He had his own views as to the work the School was meant to do for the boys, and he held those views strongly, and perhaps with too little tolerance for other views. So he was often in collision with one set or another of those interested in education (notably inspectors, officials, and theorists). Major Kinman held that the true object is to bring up boys to be good men and useful citizens. He trusted more to the outdoor work of his beloved Officer Training Corps, and to drawing and music and handicraft, than to the orthodox book lessons in the classrooms. Discipline and effort in learning, courage in facing difficulties, and the use of knowledge and brain power, however small, that each boy possesses, that was his real curriculum. He believed in men more than the system, and really rather enjoyed the cold looks of inspectors who expected conventional patterns and did not find them.
During his time at Hertford, Kinman commanded the Officer Training Corps at the school and was very proud of the contingent.
The Great War.
It has been remembered that after the First World War the Headmaster 'meticulously' annotated the Registers of his Old Boys killed, wounded and distinguished during the conflict in red ink. William Earl Johns, author of "The Biggles stories" was a student at the school from 1905. After the Great War he returned to the school for a visit and wrote:
I sat with the Head (that stern man) in his study, that same awful room into which ten years earlier, as a trembling schoolboy, I had more than once gone to take my ‘medicine’. The big bundle of canes no longer stood in the corner. With tears in his eyes he told me of the names of the boys of my time who had gone to the war and would not be coming back. I never saw him again: but I know now how much I owe him.
The Latin words on the School War Memorial are taken from a hymn composed by Major Kinman in the honour of the boys who lost their lives in that war.
White Gloves.
It is perhaps White Gloves which best illustrates Major Kinman’s respect for and use of tradition. Ralph Minors (Head Master 1627-1657) established White Gloves by bequeathing £10 in his will to purchase white gloves for three local dignitaries, the Mayor, Justice and Minister (i.e. Vicar of All Saints), if they attended the December “breaking up” festivities. This was a political move to ensure their active interest in the school in their roles as governors, but by about 1747 the money and the ceremony had disappeared. However, in July 1912 the Mayor of Hertford proceeded in state to the Grammar School in Churchfields, not merely to officiate as guest of honour at the annual prize-giving, but also to receive in remembrance of Ralph Minors a pair of white gloves from the Head Boy, who entertained him first with a short Latin oration. Comic and quasi-historical, maybe, but the Kinman version was entertaining and it served the purpose of strengthening the relationship between the School and the local council. .
The Kinman House.
When it became necessary to establish a new House in 2007, it was decided that Kinman would be commemorated in its name because in keeping with the men commemorated in the other five Houses he contributed significantly to public life, as well as being associated with the School. In his case, of course, the association with the School was profound, with an outlook surprisingly familiar to modern observers. He also oversaw a significant rise in the School’s population: at his first Speech Day, in July 1906, there were 112 boys; by 1927 there were 180–a small number by 21st Century standards, but nevertheless a massive percentage rise.
Military career.
During World War I he saw service with various units at home and abroad. From 1914 to 1915 he was with the 10th Battalion of the Bedfordshire Regiment, in 1916 with the 3rd battalion of the same regiment, and later in that year with the IBD Depot in France, in 1917 with the 22nd Training Reserve Battalion, and in 1918 with the 25th Officers' Cadet Battalion. He further served his country in the capacity of Military and Appeal representative for Hertfordshire from 1916-18. He was awarded the Territorial Officers' Decoration which was awarded to officers of the Territorial Force who have completed 20 years' commissioned service in that force, or in its predecessor, the Volunteer Force, and are recommended for the award. Kinman was also mentioned for his services with the Department to the Chief of the Imperial General Staff in 1919.
Biggles Goes To School.
William Earl Johns, author of The Biggles Stories joined The Hertford School in January 1905 when Kinman was headmaster. The W.E. Johns website biography states:
In January 1905, Johns went to Hertford Grammar School (now the Richard Hale School, Hertford) where the headmaster was Major Kinman. Some of his experiences here went into his book BIGGLES GOES TO SCHOOL.
In Pamela Shields' book ""The Private Lives of Hertfordshire Writers"" which includes William Earls Johns, Pamela writes The headmaster, Major Kinman, was the inspiration for Colonel Horace Chase, head of Malton House School in 'Biggles Goes to School'
Alfred Russel Wallace.
Alfred Russel Wallace also attended the Hertford Grammar School until he was withdrawn in 1836 after financial difficulties in his family.
In 1910 George William Kinman wrote a short biography on Wallace entitled "A Great Hertfordian" in which he placed Wallace on the English Olympic team, "if Olympic contests were of an intellectual character."
Two letters from Headmaster George Kinman to Wallace's son William, are kept in the Natural History Museum 
The first, dated 19 July 1916, reads,
I shall be very glad indeed to have the pictures mentioned in your letter, whether Dr Wallace painted them himself or not. Perhaps you will kindly inform me as to this.
On the back of the letter William wrote "Two large paintings on canvas & rollers representing scenes in the Malay Archipelago which A.R.W. had done to illustrate lectures."
The second letter from Kinman to William is dated 2 October 1916 and says,
I feel sure you will excuse my long delay in acknowledging the receipt of the pictures...From your letter I did not think that the pictures were quite such an acquisition as they are. I am hanging them in one of the new class rooms which we intend to fit up as a Geography room - The colours of the walls shows them off admirably and apart from the interest of the subjects they appear to me of considerable artistic value.
In Memoriam.
On 31 December 1927 an obituary in The Old Hertfordian Magazine Editorial for George Kinman reads,
The School had lost a Head Master of outstanding character and ability, and we, scholars and old boys, a self-sacrificing manly friend. Major Kinman had ruled and directed the School for the past 21 years, and had eagerly and hopefully looked forward to being still active Head Master when the School moved to its new buildings in 1930; the members of this Association, most of whom are probably " K’s " boys, were ready to share his joy at that event. That cannot now be realised. We are left, nevertheless, with the duty of ensuring that the future life of the School be enriched with all the splendid ideals implanted and fostered by the Major during his 21 years of hard conscientious work.

</doc>
<doc id="20190523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190523" title="Bharta">
Bharta

Bharta is a census village in Hoshiarpur District in the state of Punjab, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20190543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190543" title="Minister of Culture, Heritage, Tourism and Sport (Manitoba)">
Minister of Culture, Heritage, Tourism and Sport (Manitoba)

The Minister of Culture, Heritage, Tourism and Sport is a cabinet minister in the government of Manitoba. The position can be traced back to 1966, when Attorney-General Sterling Lyon was named as Minister of Tourism and Recreation. The newly elected government of Edward Schreyer added a separate ministry of Cultural Affairs in 1969, and united the two ministries in 1971. In 1978, a minister in Sterling Lyon's government was given responsibility for Sport. The precise ministerial designations have changed many times. 
Responsibility for Tourism was transferred to the Economic Development portfolio in 1979, and was not re-united with Culture until 1999. Culture Ministers were also responsible for Citizenship from 1991 until 1999, when the responsibility was given to the Minister of Labour and Immigration.
The current Minister of Culture, Heritage, Tourism and Sport is Eric Robinson, who has held all of the responsibilities associated with the position since 2002.
Ministers of Culture, Heritage, Tourism and Sport.
Sources: Legislative Assembly of Manitoba (living members), Legislative Assembly of Manitoba (deceased members).

</doc>
<doc id="20190560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190560" title="JBoss SSO">
JBoss SSO

JBoss SSO (or JBoss Federated Single Sign-On) is a product from the JBoss SOA suite to allow single sign-on and sign-offs and federated access to multiple applications and computing resources across the network and the Internet.
Features.
Among the many features of JBoss SSO include :
Components.
There are three main components of JBoss SSO:

</doc>
<doc id="20190563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190563" title="Arizona Charlie's Boulder">
Arizona Charlie's Boulder

Arizona Charlie's Boulder Hotel & Casino is a 301-room hotel and a locals casino located in the Paradise area of Las Vegas, Nevada, United States. Owned by American Casino & Entertainment Properties, it is on Boulder Highway between the Boulder Station and the Sam's Town.
History.
Arizona Charlie’s Boulder (and Arizona Charlie's Decatur) are the result of original efforts by the Becker family, long established developers in Las Vegas. In January 2000, American Casino & Entertainment Properties purchased Sunrise Suites on Las Vegas’ Boulder Highway for $43.3 million. The property was renamed Arizona Charlie's Boulder, as a companion name to Arizona Charlie's Decatur. The two properties are 10.4 miles apart, with a third ACEP property, Stratosphere Las Vegas, located approximately midway between the two. The casino's namesake was "Arizona" Charlie Meadows, a legendary sharpshooter in Buffalo Bill's Show and a distant relative of the original owners of Arizona Charlie’s Decatur, the Becker family.
In November 1997 investor Carl Icahn bought a majority of Arizona Charlie's mortgage notes, making him the resort's largest creditor. Icahn fought for control of Arizona Charlie's throughout a bankruptcy process. In July 1998 Bruce Becker's $92-million loan from United Healthcare collapsed and ownership of the property passed to Carl Icahn and American Casino & Entertainment Properties (ACEP). Two years later they added the Boulder property, naming it Arizona Charlie’s Boulder.

</doc>
<doc id="20190568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190568" title="Logan Pass Visitor Center">
Logan Pass Visitor Center

The Logan Pass Visitor Center in Glacier National Park was constructed at the summit of the Going-to-the-Sun Road during the Mission 66 park facilities improvement program. The design concept was originated by architect Cecil J. Doty of the National Park Service Western Office of Design and Construction. Burt L. Gewalt of the Kalispell, Montana architectural firm Brinkman and Lenon was responsible for the construction documents, carried out between 1960 and 1962. Construction was completed in 1966. The visitor center uses common Mission 66 themes such as a broad, gently sloping roof, native stone, and glulam timber construction.
The Logan Pass Visitor Center was one of the most significant Mission 66 projects, involving the construction of a large visitor orientation facility with attendant parking lots, utility services and amenities at the summit of Logan Pass. The altitude of the pass is , and is inaccessible from October to May in most years. The summit of Logan Pass had previously been used as a rest stop with toilet facilities. The size of the visitor center was somewhat reduced because the Saint Mary Visitor Center at the east end of the Going-to-the-Sun Road and the park headquarters at the opposite end at West Glacier provided appropriate orientation features in a less demanding physical environment.
Description.
The main section of the Logan Pass Visitor Center steps up its hillside with two main levels within a single-story enclosure. The lower level is the "Fireplace Room" facing northeast, featuring a concrete hearth with a copper hood. The information desk was originally in this space, but was moved to the upper level "Exhibit Room" in 1992. The upper level houses interpretive exhibits. As built, the visitor center used bright paint colors that were toned down to a conservative Park Service brown palette shortly after construction. Semi-separated toilet facilities are below the lower level, facing the parking lot. They were enlarged in 1985. An office addition for Park Service personnel was constructed at the same time.
The visitor center as originally built was in area.
Design and construction.
Preliminary design was carried out in the Park Service's Western Office of Design and Construction, primarily by WODC architect Cecil J. Doty, with assistance from Milton Swatek and Ed Dottery. The preliminary design set forth the Park Service's design intent for size, arrangement and general architectural character. The WODC design was sent to the Kalispell architecture-engineering firm of Brinkman and Lenon, where Burt L. Gewalt was assigned the task of developing detailed design documents. Gewalt made detail changes, increasing the size of the chimney and using stone-embedded concrete, a construction method originally developed by Frank Lloyd Wright.
The construction contract was awarded to the Hefte Construction Company of Spokane, Washington in June 1963 for a contract cost of about $136,600. A separate contract was awarded for water and sewer utility work, for $61,319. Work began in July 1963 and stopped in late October for the winter. It resumed in July 1964, running through October, and again in 1965. The visitor center was completed on August 27, 1966. A separate contract for parking lot and site improvements was completed on September 12, 1966 at a cost of $168,176. Gewalt was the supervising architect through construction.
Historic designation.
The Logan Pass Visitor Center was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 15, 2008, when it was 44 years old, less than the usual threshold for inclusion of 50 years. The visitor center was cited in the nomination for its unusual design significance and prominence in Glacier National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20190614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190614" title="Peer Augustinski">
Peer Augustinski

Peer Augustinski (June 25, 1940 - ) is a German actor and voice actor from Berlin. He is the official German dub-over artist of Robin Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="20190646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190646" title="Ganeshpur Bharta">
Ganeshpur Bharta

Ganeshpur Bharta is the combined name of two villages, Ganeshpur and Bharta, in the district Hoshiarpur of Punjab, popular for its ancient Hindu temple, Mandir Baba Lakho. The two villages have a common street that separates them, and the post office for both villages is situated in Ganeshpur.

</doc>
<doc id="20190701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190701" title="We've Got Tonight (Kenny Rogers album)">
We've Got Tonight (Kenny Rogers album)

"We've Got Tonight" is the eleventh solo studio album by Kenny Rogers, released in 1983. It is also his last with Liberty Records before moving to RCA Nashville.
Overview.
The title cut, a duet with Sheena Easton, was the debut single and became one of Rogers' signature hits, soaring to #1 on the country charts and #2 on the Adult Contemporary chart, reaching #6 on the Hot 100 chart. There were two other singles: "All My Life", which peaked at #13 on the country charts, though it fared at #3 in Canada, and "Scarlet Fever", which is lesser-known but still reached #5 and #4 in the US. and Canada, respectively.
The title of the album comes from its signature track, written by Bob Seger and originating from his album, "Stranger in Town". By comparison with Rogers' version, Seger's only reached #13 on the Hot 100, making Rogers' version better-known, five years after it was written.
One song on the album that never became a single but still became one of Rogers' signature songs is the powerful "You Are So Beautiful". This track was placed at the end of the album as a tribute to his legions of female fans, and stands today as one of the songs that Kenny is known for. The song was written by Billy Preston and Bruce Fisher and originally appears on the 1974 Preston album "The Kids and Me".
Lionel Richie, who by now had been contributing a large number of songs to Rogers, submitted the track "How Long" to this album.
The album hit #3 on the country charts and #18 on the Billboard 200 charts. Despite lower rankings than many of his earlier releases, the album was still certified platinum in both the US and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20190706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190706" title="Ruth Lautt">
Ruth Lautt

Sister Ruth Lautt is an American Roman Catholic nun and activist. She is the founder of Christians for Fair Witness on the Middle East, an organization that describes itself as an advocacy group that works among mainline Protestants and Roman Catholics in North America for fairness in the churches’ witness on issues related to the conflict between Israel and its Arab neighbors.
Career.
Lautt holds a J.D. from New York University School of Law. Before entering the religious life as a Dominican nun, Sister Ruth was a litigator with Manhattan law firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom.
Issue positions.
Lautt advocates a two-state solution to the Israeli-Arab conflict.
Lautt has questioned the criticisms leveled at Israel by some churches, asking, "how people feel they have the right in the name of peace and justice, to tell other people not to try to preserve their own lives... You’re not obligated to lay down and die.”

</doc>
<doc id="20190748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190748" title="Amanda Boyden">
Amanda Boyden

Amanda Boyden is an American novelist.
Born in Northern Minnesota and raised in Chicago and St. Louis, she studied creative writing at the University of New Orleans, where she and her husband, Canadian writer Joseph Boyden, are faculty members. In addition to writing, Amanda Boyden is a trapeze artist who founded Aerialists, Inc., her own all-female troupe, and performed as Lady Hummingbird.

</doc>
<doc id="20190754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190754" title="Methyldichloroarsine">
Methyldichloroarsine

Methyldichloroarsine, sometimes abbreviated "MD", is an organoarsenic compound with the formula CH3AsCl2. This colourless volatile liquid is a highly toxic vesicant that has been used in chemical warfare.
History.
German chemists weaponized methyldichloroarsine during World War I, between 1917 and 1918. It was the first organoarsenic compound to be weaponized.
Structure, synthesis, reactivity.
Focusing on the arsenic center, the molecule is pyramidal with the Cl-As-Cl and C-As-Cl angles approaching 90° (see image). Virtually all related arsenic(III) compounds adopt similar structures.
Methyldichloroarsine is produced by the reaction of methylmagnesium chloride and arsenic trichloride:
Typically such syntheses are conducted in ether or THF solutions and typically the product is isolated by distillation. Use of larger amounts of the magnesium reagent affords greater amounts of dimethylchloroarsine ((CH3)2AsCl) and trimethylarsine ((CH3)3As).
In World War I, the German manufacturing method consisted of a three-step reaction beginning with methylation of sodium arsenite:
followed by reduction of the disodium monomethylarsonate with sulfur dioxide:
subsequently reacting the monomethylarsine oxide thus formed with hydrogen chloride to yield methyldichloroarsine:
The As-Cl bonds in MD are susceptible toward nucleophilic attack. Reduction of MD with sodium metal affords the polymer [CH3As]n.
Use as a weapon.
Methyldichloroarsine's only documented large-scale use is as a chemical weapon.
Symptoms of poisoning.
Although some of its symptoms resemble those from poison ivy, other symptoms include irritation to the eyes and to the nose, although blistering may be delayed for hours. Other symptoms include: dermal burns with vesicle formation; blepharospasm and photophobia. Convulsions, abdominal pain, coughing, and shortness of breath with damage to the respiratory system can be delayed for about three to five days; hemolysis can also occur.
MD is not persistent, meaning that it will dissipate after a short time. It is, however, still quite lethal. The LCt/50 for MD is about 3,000 mg/(min * m3).
Protection.
Besides avoiding situations in which it might be used, an activated charcoal filter and a protective mask can help protect against MD. It should, however, be noted that MD can penetrate rubber, so some masks and clothing are ineffective. Other protective clothing, such as full body protection, are useful as well. Among the agents useful for decontamination of MD are bleach and caustic soda.

</doc>
<doc id="20190759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190759" title="Bahá'í Faith in Malawi">
Bahá'í Faith in Malawi

The Bahá'í Faith in Malawi begins before the country achieved independence. Before World War I the area of modern Malawi was part of Nyasaland and `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, asked the followers of the Bahá'í Faith to travel to the regions of Africa. As part of a wide scale growth in the religion across Sub-Saharan Africa the religion was introduced into this region when an early African Bahá'í traveled from Tangayika in 1952 followed in 1953 by Bahá'ís from Iran the same year it became known as the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland. A decade later there were five Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assemblies. By 1970, now in the country of Malawi, there were 12 Local Spiritual Assemblies and a National Spiritual Assembly. In 2003 Bahá'ís estimated their membership at 15000 while the 2001 World Christian Encyclopedia estimated the membership at 24500 and in 2005 revised their estimate to about 36000.
Early history.
In the first decade of the 1900s, the region of Malawi was part of Nyasaland. In a series of letters, or tablets, to the followers of the religion in the United States and Canada in 1916-1917 by `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, asked the followers of the religion to travel to regions of Africa; these letters were compiled together in the book titled Tablets of the Divine Plan. The publication was delayed until 1919 in Star of the West magazine on December 12, 1919. after the end of World War I and the Spanish flu.
Wide scale growth in the religion across Sub-Saharan Africa was observed to begin in 1950s and extend in the 1960s. Particular plans to bring the religion to Uganda began in 1950 involving the cooperation of American, British, Egyptian, and Persian Bahá'í communities and reached a level of coordination and detail that materials were translated into languages widely used in Africa before pioneers reached Africa. In 1952 in the region of Malawi, then about to become the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, the Bahá'í Faith enters when Dennis Dudley-Smith Kutendele (sometimes Kutendere), the first African Bahá'í in Tanganyika, and member of Dar es Salaam's first local spiritual assembly, moved to Zomba with his family - the first time an African Bahá'í took the religion to a new country. He was soon joined by pioneer Enayat Sohaili and his family from Iran. As Sohaili was white and Kutendere black it was illegal for them to socialize. So the first Bahá'í Feast they held was meeting in the bush at night. This same year new convert Dunduzu Chisiza left Malawi to help introduce the religion to Rwanda (formerly part of Ruanda-Urundi). In 1956 the area of Malawi was included in the regional National Spiritual Assembly of South and West Africa. John William Allen was the first Auxiliary Board of the region working under Hand of the Cause Músá Baníní.
Growth.
By 1963 there were Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assemblies in Balaka, Balila, Bawi, Limbe, and Mianje. There were smaller groups of Bahá'ís in Chileka, Chipoka, Chiradzulo, Lilongwe, Mzimba, Mzuzu, Sharpevale, and Zomba. There were individual Bahá'ís in Chibwawa, Dedza, Fort Johnston (now known as Mangochi), and Karonga.
In 1964 the first Bahá'í marriage service was performed in the country; the same year as the independence of the country now called Malawi. An interim re-organization pooled a regional national assembly of South Central Africa, which comprised the countries of Botswana, Malawi and Rhodesia in 1967. By 1970 there were 12 Local Spiritual Assemblies, enough for the country to have its own National Spiritual Assembly, which was elected in the presence of Hand of the Cause Paul Haney. The next year Hand of the Cause Enoch Olinga asked for official registration of the religion, a request met by President Hastings Banda. Three from Malawi attended the first Bahá'í youth summer school for southern Africa was held in Swaziland in December, 1971 through the 2nd of January, 1972. Land for a national center was acquired in 1972 and the number local assemblies had reached 23. In 1972 and 1982 Hand of the Cause Rúhíyyih Khanum traveled throughout the country. Her October 1972 visit included radio and print press interviews, public talks and a meeting with President Hastings Banda where she observed "in the eyes of Baha'u'llah it seems there was one thing even worse than war and this was anarchy and revolution and civil strife" when the president commented that some religious groups in Malawi had been fermenting discord and strife. She also toured into the countryside and met many Bahá'ís and contributed to building funds for centers. Among her public talks she said that though African suffered tribal prejudice, racial prejudice was far worse but of which Africans were largely clear of. Among the pioneers to come to Malawi was Ireland's Frances Beard who moved there in 1974, the same year as Bahá'ís from Australia also pioneered to Malawi. Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Bahá'ís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Bahá'í teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Bahá'í socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. Malawian Bahá'ís have embarked on a number of projects to support the welfare of Malawi.
Bambino School.
In a commitment to education and the welfare of humanity, the Bahá'ís have set up 60 grassroots Bahá'í literacy schools and 30 Bahá'í primary health care workers were trained and deployed. The largest scale institution is the private school named the Bambino School in Lilongwe. A Bahá'í school started in January 1993, in 2003 Bambino School had an enrollment of 1,100 from nursery level through secondary school and secretarial college and has high school graduation including taking the International General Certificate of Secondary Education. Andrew Nhlane is the head teacher of the high school which has 350 students alone. Students participate in international projects with other schools in Turkey, United Arab Emirates and Bulgaria. International students contribute terms of service. Kenneth Gondwe, aka Babyjinx, is a former attendee of Bambino and has gone on to be an accomplished musician, performer, and business owner running a music production company. Partial scholarships are available.
Modern community.
The 2003 golden jubilee of the establishment of the religion in Malawi was attended by Bahá'ís from Bermuda, Australia, Mauritius, South Africa, Zambia, and Lesotho, and one of the events of the jubilee was a play based on the life and martyrdom of Mona Mahmudnizhad. The 2004 Namibian Jubilee had guests from the Malawian Bahá'í community. The Bahá'í National Center is located in Lilongwe.
In 2007 public schools began offering religious education at the primary school level. These courses had previously been available only in secondary schools. Both a Christian-oriented "Bible Knowledge" course and a "Moral and Religious Education" course, including Muslim, Hindu, Bahá'í, and Christian material are available. Individual parent-teacher associations or school committees decide which religion courses to offer.
Bahá'í delegates from 17 countries included ones from Malawi convened in New York from February – March 2008 for the 52nd session of the UN Commission on the Status of Women. Some 120 Bahá'ís from Malawi attended the first of 41 conferences called for by the Universal House of Justice between November and February 2008-9 in neighboring Zambia along with Bahá'ís from Zimbabwe.
Demographics.
The World Christian Encyclopedia notes there may have been 18000 Bahá'ís in 1990 and 24,500 in 2000 and about 36145 in 2005. In 2003 a Bahá'í source mentioned there were some 15000 Bahá'ís in Malawi. A 2007 survey reports about 4% of the population of 13000000—roughly 520000—is split between Hindus, Bahá'ís, Rastafarians and Jews.

</doc>
<doc id="20190776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190776" title="Megami Bunko">
Megami Bunko


</doc>
<doc id="20190782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190782" title="Bill Perkins (author)">
Bill Perkins (author)

Bill Perkins is the president of Million Mighty Men, a speaker, an author of Christian and business books and the teaching pastor at Coast Hills Community Church in McMinnville, Oregon, United States. Perkins has been a pastor for 20 years. He and his wife live in West Linn, Oregon and have three sons; David, Ryan, and Paul.
Perkins attended University of Texas in Austin and Dallas Theological Seminary.
Career.
Bill Perkins is the former senior pastor of the South Hills Community Church in Portland, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="20190824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190824" title="China Bio-Immunity Corporation">
China Bio-Immunity Corporation

China Bio-Immunity, based in Dalian, China, is largest developer, producer, manufacturer of vaccine-based prophylactics and therapeutics. The Company has sales and marketing efforts in the 24 main provinces and major cities in the People's Republic of China (PRC). Its principal products, its Rabies Vaccine and Mumps Vaccine, are sold and distributed by a network of wholesale distributors, as well as through retail customers. In addition to the current distribution structure, the Company plans to further market its products through distribution agreements with local agents in several developing countries, including, but not limited to South Asia, South Africa, and countries throughout Southeast Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="20190825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190825" title="Emmanuel Serriere">
Emmanuel Serriere

Emmanuel Serrière is an educator, administrator, and advocate for people with developmental disabilities, researcher on autism.
L'Arche and Jean Vanier.
Serrière has been instrumental his entire forty five year career in helping adults with developmental disabilities in California to have a more normalized life according to their choices in their own community. One of his first important contacts was with Jean Vanier in Trosly Breuil where he was employed from February to July 1965 to help create l'Arche in that small village North of Paris.
Serrière immigrated to the United States from France in 1968 and became a US citizen in 1974 and got married in June 1976 in Saratoga, California. He obtained a Masters in Rehabilitation Administration from the University of San Francisco and subsequently became Executive Director of various California non-profit agencies in Northern California most of them dealing with adults with developmental disabilities. He based his entire career on the philosophy broadly borrowed from his mentor Jean Vanier: providing people-centered services, empowering them to achieve their full potential and beyond, maximizing their quality of life according to their choices. In 1997, Serrière was appointed Calaveras County Mental Health Administrator where he worked for seven years.
He belongs, thru his mother, to the same old french family that Jean-Pierre Desthuilliers..
Autism.
As part of his Master’s thesis, Serrière did some research on autism, studying three specific cases and the insertion of these three individuals with the general population of people with developmental disabilities. He worked with Dr. Bernard Rimland, Director of the Autism Research Institute. Serrière is convinced that the diagnosis of autism should not have been altered to include the word “spectrum” to its name “autism spectrum” as it now became a catch-all for all troubled children including misbehaving and attention deficit. To respond to numerous friends and parents who approached him looking for a three-minute diagnosis of their sons or daughters, Serriere generalize by sharing his beliefs that there is no Autism or Asperger syndrome or Kanner syndrome without specific visible traits: the person afflicted with autism is in his/her own world without eye contact or paying attention to the other person. They resent being touched, even a handshake. They will often keep busy by tapping fingers on own face, a colorful toy, a window and seeming to pay deep attention to the rhythm and the sensation received from this patter. They might spin plates or doing excessive and very repetitive movement including jumping on a trampoline for hours. Of course, there are also the “Autistic Savants” or savantism who will excel in math, drawing, music, memory exercise such a retaining an entire piano concerto, the decimals of 3 over 14, the view of a details of a building, dates past and future, etc. Serrière still believes that Dr. Rimland’s long qualifying (500 questions) questionnaire should be the only basis for defining autism.
Work with California legislators.
Serriere was instrumental in introducing two major California laws, one in 1978 with Senator Roberti clearly mandating that developmentally disabled people have the right to live in the community: SB 2093, introduced by Senator Roberti in 1978 requires that residential programs for 6 or fewer persons be treated and considered like any other family residence. Once the law passed, Serriere edited and published a booklet distributed widely to about one hundred service clubs of the Bay Area explaining why people with developmental disabilities can make good neighbors.
The other was in 2006 with Assembly member Greg Aghazarian permitting transport agencies to also obtain Disabled access license plates (AB 1910, Ch 203, Sections 5007 and 22511.56 of the CA Vehicle Code). This new law went into effect on Jan 1, 2007.
His latest involvement helped Manteca CAPS (1995–2008), (called Valley CAPS since July 1, 2010) a day program for adults with Intellectual disability in Central California, from being stagnant and unsuccessful to one of the most successful day program for adults with developmental disabilities. With his progressive Board of Director he was able to increase the services of Manteca CAPS from 50 consumers to over 300 on five campuses increasing staff from 17 to over 115. His achievements were very often covered in the Manteca Bulletin including development of new campuses in Manteca, Lathrop and Modesto.
Publication.
"New Neighbors" (as Editor), a booklet distributed widely to about one hundred service clubs of the Bay Area explaining why people with developmental disabilities can make good neighbors.

</doc>
<doc id="20190831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190831" title="Caves of Maryland">
Caves of Maryland

The subject of this article and a reference book of the same name, Caves of Maryland was first released by the Maryland Geological Survey (MGS) in 1950. Information about Maryland caves was first gathered into a series of reports by Martin Muma in the mid-1940s, working under the MGS. After the release of these articles in 1946, a more comprehensive study was begun by William Davies, whose years of fieldwork led to the compilation of the premiere edition of "Caves of Maryland" in 1950. Since its publication, this reference work has remained the principal source for information about Maryland caves, and has served as an outline for the work to follow.
Introduction.
Following the release of the first edition of "Caves of Maryland" in 1950, several other attempts by various parties and interested groups have been made at expanding available information concerning Maryland's subterrain. In the late 1960s the MGS sponsored another statewide survey, undertaken by Richard Franz and Dennis Slifer, and a second, expanded edition of "Caves of Maryland" was released in 1971. It was not until the inception of this second project that areas west of Washington County were even thoroughly canvassed; even after the conclusion of the Franz/Slifer survey, it was speculated that even more, undiscovered caves could still remain in more remote portions of the western counties, prompting the need for an additional version, but since that time there have been no additional state sponsored reports or surveys released to the public. 
In Maryland, a cave is defined as any subterranean cavity large enough for a human to enter. This definition has led the authors to include several shelter caves, fissures, and mines that in states with larger, more complex cave systems, might otherwise go unlisted.
Locations.
Cave locations are typically well-guarded secrets, as property owners are most-often fearful of liability issues and damage to their lands. Likewise, experienced spelunkers are also wary to guide novices to cave locations, fearing they might recklessly endanger the natural balance of these sanctuaries, making them inaccessible to all. While most find cave vandalism unimaginable, there are some who, whether out of carelessness, malice, or ignorance, have hopelessly destroyed beautiful caves forever. For this reason, precise locations of caves are seldom published. 
Rather than using a coordinate system, the MGS' "Caves of Maryland" provides approximate locations using a quadrangle system to be employed with the use of 7.5-minute topographic maps. Neither coordinates nor quadrangular data are posted on this page at present, only surrounding terrain and the condition/accessibility of said caves when known. While limited data and pictures about Maryland's caves can be found on the MGS’s website, the best sources of information are local speleological grottos and knowledgeable enthusiasts. To learn more about the caves of Maryland, their locations, and ethical caving practices in general, contact the Tri-state Grotto or Western Maryland Grotto, an internal organization of the National Speleological Society.
Maryland geology and caves.
Most of Maryland's caves occur in its three westernmost counties (Washington, Allegany, and Garrett). While Maryland may be smaller than many of its neighboring states containing larger numbers of caves, its geology likewise allows for the formation of underground cavities, most of which are hollowed out by chemical processes—these caves are known as solutional caves. Non-solutional caves are carved out by weathering and are typically of smaller size and of little interest to spelunkers. Underlying layers of carbonate rocks form much of Maryland's bedrock; precipitation and groundwater react with such rocks as dolomite, limestone, and marble, dissolving the rock and forming small fissures and chambers that allow for the entry of more water and the dissolution of more of the carbonic rock. Being able to identify the different types of rock that caves are likely to form in can provide a great deal of background into a cave's likely history, and thus these rock formations will be further discussed moving east to west across the state.
Coastal Plain – this is the area of Maryland extending from just west of the Chesapeake Bay to the Atlantic Ocean: Precambrian rocks are mostly overlain by gravel, silts, marls, and sands, and consequently no solutional caves are known to exist in this region of Maryland.
Piedmont Plateau – an area of gently rolling hills and flatlands, the Piedmont is home to only a few of Maryland's caves, as most of its members are unsuitable for their development or are largely hidden from view beneath surface settlement. Exceptions in the uplands area include the Wakefield and Cockeystown marbles, which are known to include but a few caves. In the lowlands portion of the Piedmont (known as the Frederick Valley) caves are found in the Frederick Formation and Grove Limestone (upper Cambrian and lower Ordovician, respectively); while several other limestone members exist (Tomstown and New Oxford), no caves have been located within these members.
Blue Ridge & the Great Valley – the Blue Ridge rises up from the Piedmont just west of Frederick in the first of its two mountains, Braddock/Catoctin. Here older limestone and dolomites from the Cambrian/Ordovician make an appearance, offering up a few caves in the Frederick/Middletown Valley vicinity. On top of these, older, harder thrust sheets of metamorphic rocks from the Paleozoic give these mountains their well-defined crests and ridges. Wolf Rock, home to Maryland's best-known non-solutional cave, is an example of quartzite that has endured while Catoctin Mountain has weathered around it.
South Mountain, which serves as a natural border between Frederick and Washington counties, is the western edge of Maryland's Blue Ridge, giving way to an area of relatively little relief, known as the Great (or locally, Hagerstown/Cumberland) Valley. Here the harder metamorphosed rocks of the Blue Ridge are replaced by carbonates, sandstones, and shale that grow progressively younger moving west, entering the early Ordovician period. The highest concentration of Maryland caves lies within the Hagerstown Valley, where well-established waterways have cut into the underlying carbonate rocks. Recent fieldwork, combined with the observations of Franz and Slifer, indicate that the most cavernous units exposed in the Great Valley are, from oldest to youngest, the Tomstown Dolomite, the Cavetown member of the Waynesboro Formation, the lower beds of the Elbrook Formation, the Rockdale Run Formation, and, especially cavernous, the Chambersburg Formation. The probability of cave development, however, is also very strongly influenced by the presence of structural features such as anticlinal axes, synclinal troughs, and faults. In contrast to the larger caves of neighboring West Virginia, caves in the Great Valley are generally quite shallow with little internal relief. In-cave relief rarely exceeds in Washington County. High deformation and faulting allows surface waters to penetrate rock vertically and reach the shallow underlying water table quickly without much lateral travel. This serves to limit cavern development considerably, and of the many caves in Washington County, only Crystal Grottoes is known to exceed in length, and it attains such length from having a maze pattern of passages, rather than a long continuous stream conduit. 
Ridge & Valley Region – is the name of the physiological province extending west of the Great Valley to the western portion of Allegany County. This region is traditionally defined as starting at Fairview Mountain and is characterized by repeating southwest- to northeast-trending ridges and valleys. A thrust fault just east of Fairview indicates where younger rocks from the Ordovician through Devonian were overthrust by their Cambrian neighbors to the east. The region is built upon shale and sandstone from the upper Ordovician and lower Silurian periods, with little or no cave-bearing limestone seen until the lower Helderberg Group, Wills Creek Formation and Tonoloway Formation. Thicker formations of the upper Devonian consist of the Keyser Formation and New Creek Limestone, in which some of the largest caves in the state can be found. 
Allegany Plateau – the Allegany is a rolling upland punctuated by deep, rounded valleys and ridges of distinct, broad anticlines. Shale and sandstone of the Ordovician and lower Silurian are replaced by limestone formations which continue into the lower Devonian. These younger rocks have settled to a depth equal to that of the much older rocks of the Ordovician; this change in depth occurs along a fault just east of Dans Mountain. Moving west from outcrops of early Devonian limestone, the Helderbergian limestones pinch out and the formation consists of clastic rocks that bear no caves. Synclines within this region have preserved remains from the younger Carboniferous Period—the period containing Maryland's only natural source of carbon fuels—within the Mississippian system lies the Greenbrier Formation, the next oldest limestone member known to contain caves. The Greenbrier is relatively thin but contains three large caves, including the largest cave in Maryland, Crabtree Cave. The youngest rocks to contain caves are in Garrett County: they are Pennsylvanian in age. All younger sediments have been removed from the landscape with the exception of the Dunkard Group, a small knob in Allegany County that is Permian in age.
List of caves.
All caves given in the 1976 republication of "Caves of Maryland" will be listed below by county. The condition and status of many of these caves are unknown at this time; in an effort to establish an up-to-date record of these caves, editing of the list with any new information is encouraged!
Allegany County.
After Washington County, Allegany County contains the second-highest concentration of caves in Maryland. The many ridges of the Appalachians' Ridge & Valley Province provide terrain well-suited to the formation of caves. While rocks here vary in age from Silurian to Mississippian, most caves are developed in the middle of this range in the Tonoloway and Helderberg formations. Like Washington County, distribution of caves within Allegany County often tend to run in patterns that parallel folds in local mountain chains. 
Baltimore County.
Formation of caves and sinkholes in Baltimore County is found within its Piedmont marble: the Cockeysville and throughout the limestone valleys. Note that there are also caves and sinkholes throughout the limestone valleys of Greenspring and Long Green. There are likely in excess of 20 caves of varying size in Baltimore County. 
Carroll County.
In Carroll County outcroppings of the Wakefield Marble provide the only known backdrop for the development of caves.
Frederick County.
Lying along the western border of the Lower Piedmont and Blue Ridge, Frederick County is physically composed of two regions drawing their traits from the two physiographic provinces. Eastern Frederick County, with its gently rolling lowlands, is underlain by older Cambrian/Precambrian metamorphic rock and other intrusive rocks from the Paleozoic. Sand and silt from the Tertiary have been deposited against some of the older rocks approaching the Blue Ridge; few caves are found here. Western Frederick County, west of Catoctin Mountain, is founded upon older Precambrian rocks which were thrust to the surface over the course of the Taconic orogeny. Most of Frederick County's caves can be found in this area, where local limestone formations protrude from neighboring metamorphic rock.
Garrett County.
Garrett County lies almost entirely within the Allegheny Plateau physiographic region. Here the oldest rocks exposed are Devonian in age, while most others are of the Mississippian or Pennsylvanian systems. These formations settle along locally occurring faults under strain so that they appear to coincide in the linear with the older rocks of the neighboring Ridge & Valley Region. Because limestone members occur only in the upper Devonian and Carboniferous, cavern formation has been limited to areas primarily above . Garrett County is home to Maryland's largest cave, Crabtree, and also contains the youngest cave-bearing rocks in state, home to Sand Cave. 
Howard County.
Like Baltimore and Carroll counties, formation of caves in Howard County can be found in outcroppings of Piedmont marbles—in this case, the Cockeysville formation. However, Howard County does have limestone which does contain caves, though not as extensive as in Frederick and western counties. 
Washington County.
Washington County contains roughly sixty percent of all known caves in Maryland. Natural forces have exposed many of the older carbonate rocks underlying the Hagerstown Valley; one such member, the Tomstown Dolomite, found at the western foot of South Mountain, is home to the largest concentration of caves in Maryland, with over 30 known caves. Other areas of notable subterranean activity occur primarily along the county’s well-established stream and creek beds, where incisions into the surrounding rock faces have allowed for increased drainage and erosion. Caves are largely concentrated around these areas of high drainage, specifically the Mount Aetna, Beaver Creek, and Antietam/Little Antietam watersheds, as well as along the massive cliffs adjacent to the Potomac River. Notable members in this region include the Stones River Limestone, Conococheague Limestone, and the Beekmantown, Elbrook, and Tonoloway formations. Washington County is also home to Maryland's only show cave, Crystal Grottoes, which will not be discussed further in this article. Note: Due to the spread of WNS throughout Maryland, all caves on C&O Canal property are closed. 

</doc>
<doc id="20190834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190834" title="Big 12 Conference football">
Big 12 Conference football

Big 12 Conference is a conference of 10 (originally 12) universities which participate in the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I Football Bowl Subdivision football. The conference was formed in 1994 but did not begin conference play until the fall of 1996. The schools that compose the Big 12 Conference, except West Virginia, were members of either the Big Eight Conference or the Southwest Conference, and have won 18 national titles including three since the inception of the Big 12 Conference.
The first game in conference play was the 1996 Texas Tech vs. Kansas State football game. #21 Kansas State won by a score of 21–14.
Conference facilities.
<br>
Divisions.
There are many national football powerhouses in the Big 12 Conference, and when the league was formed, it was decided that the top team from the South Division would play the top team from the North Division at the end of the season to determine the conference champion.
Till the 2011 season, teams played eight conference games a season, facing all five opponents within its own division and three teams from the opposite division. Inter-divisional play is a "three-on, three-off" system, where teams will play three teams from the other division on a home-and-home basis for two seasons, and then play the other three foes from the opposite side for a two-year home-and-home.
This format came under considerable criticism, especially from fans at Nebraska and Oklahoma, who were denied a yearly matchup between two of college football's most storied programs. The Oklahoma–Nebraska rivalry was one of the most intense rivalries in college football history. (Until 2006, the teams had never met in the Big 12 Championship.)
Starting with the 2011 season, after the departure of Nebraska and Colorado to the Big Ten and Pac-10 respectively, the divisions were merged and each team played all remaining nine teams from the conference. The Championship game was removed from the schedule.
Championship game.
The Big 12 Championship Game was held by the Big 12 Conference each year until 2010. The championship game pitted the Big 12 North Division champion against the Big 12 South Division champion in a game held after the regular season has been completed. The first championship game was held during the 1996 season in St. Louis. The 2009 and 2010 games were played at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas. With the loss of Nebraska to the Big Ten and Colorado to the Pac-12, the Big 12 Championship Game has been discontinued.
Final standings.
By rank.
If two teams are tied,
If three or more teams are tied, tiebreakers 1 through 4 will be followed until a determination is made. Once a team has been eliminated from a multi-team comparison, it is dropped from further comparisons. If only two teams remain tied after any step, the winner of the game between the two tied teams shall be given higher ranking.
Divisions.
From 1996 to 2010 the twelve teams played in two divisions of six teams each. Following Colorado and Nebraska's departure for the Pac-10 and Big Ten respectively, divisional play was dropped in favor of a nine game round robin to determine the Big 12 Champion.
Records.
Team vs. Team.
Composite all-time records
Total though 2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20190847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190847" title="Extreme Smoke">
Extreme Smoke

Extreme Smoke (formerly Extreme Smoke 57) was the first noise/grindcore band from Slovenia. The band was formed in the beginning of 1990, in the city of Nova Gorica. Two band members occasionally played for Croatian noisecore band Patareni. In 1991, Extreme Smoke signed a contract with Richard Campos from the notorious Wild Rags (label, fanzine and record dealer in California) and released their debut "Open Your Eyes...and Die!". Extreme Smoke split in 1993 and formed the Slovenian grindcore band Deeper Than World (D.T.W.), which lasted for a very short time. They are still remembered as a cult band in worldwide underground grind circles. The band was reformed in late 2008 and recorded new studio material.

</doc>
<doc id="20190865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190865" title="Santa Rosa del Sur, Camarines Sur">
Santa Rosa del Sur, Camarines Sur

Santa Rosa del Sur is one of three barangays composing the poblacion of Pasacao, Camarines Sur in the Philippines. It is where the Philippine National Port was located, and is one of the major gateways to the Visayan Islands. Oil depots of Royal Dutch Shell, Caltex, and the Petron Corporation are located in this barangay.

</doc>
<doc id="20190888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190888" title="Mount Mackenzie">
Mount Mackenzie

Mount Mackenzie is a mountain just southeast of the city of Revelstoke, British Columbia, Canada. Part of the Selkirk Mountains, it is the site of the Revelstoke Mountain Resort ski area and was named for the Right Honourable Sir Alexander Mackenzie, the second Prime Minister of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20190896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190896" title="Joseph Pérez">
Joseph Pérez

Joseph Perez (born January 14, 1931) is a French historian specializing in Spanish history. Perez has specialized in the births of the modern Spanish state and the Latin American nations. Among his books, he examines the independence movements of Latin America; Ferdinand and Isabella, the Catholic Monarchs; Holy Roman Emperor Charles V, and Philip II of Spain.
Biography.
Joseph Perez (also spelled Pérez) was born in Laroque-d'Olmes in the Ariège department, which is in the south of France near the Spanish border. His parents were Spaniards who emigrated from Bocairent in Valencia. In 1955, he was named a lecturer of Spanish by the Superior University of Saint-Cloud. He completed his doctoral thesis in 1970. His thesis studied the Revolt of the Comuneros, and remains one of the leading scholarly books on the topics.
Perez became, and still is, a professor of Spanish and Latin American civilization at the University of Bordeaux 3. Perez also served as a member of the "Directorio del Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique" (CNRS).
Perez has worked to spread French and Spanish culture in both directions. He founded the "La Maison des Pays Iberiques", a center for Spanish culture in France, and between 1989 and 1996 Perez directed the Casa de Velázquez in Madrid, a French cultural institution funded by the French government dedicated to supporting interplay between France and Hispanic cultures.
Awards and honors.
Perez's doctoral thesis won the Saintour prize that year. He has served as honorary president of the University of Bordeaux 3.
Perez is a corresponding member of the Real Academia de la Historia. He was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of Valladolid. Other honors include being Order of Alfonso X the Wise, a Commander of the Order of Isabella the Catholic, and a member of the French Legion of Honor.
On January 25, 2007 the board of the Municipality of Bocairent, voted unanimously to grant Perez the title of "Adopted son of Bocairent." Bocairent was the birthplace of his parents and his three brothers. The ceremony celebrating the event was held on March 30, 2007 at the town hall.
Works.
Aside from books, Perez has also written numerous articles, especially in "Bulletin Hispanique", such as his well-received notes and introduction to "El caballero de Olmedo" by Lope de Vega.

</doc>
<doc id="20190916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190916" title="Bhagidari System">
Bhagidari System

The Bhagidari System (Hindi: जन भागीदारी, "people partnership") is an initiative of the government of the state of Delhi in India to promote broad-based civic participation in local governance. The government's stated goal is to create "greater transparency and accountability in administration" in order to improve "the quality, efficiency and delivery of public services." The initiative was announced by the (then newly elected) Chief Minister of Delhi, Sheila Dikshit, in December 1998. It was launched in 2003 in the area of waste management, with mixed results. As a system to promote citizen-government partnership, Bhagidari trains specific Bhagidars, or partners, to participate in the scheme. Bhagidars include "market and industrial associations, bureaucrats across the municipal, state and central government departments operating in Delhi, and Resident welfare associations (RWAs) based in Delhi Development Authority-approved residential colonies, membership of which is open only to property owners." Bhagidari won the 2005 UN Public Service Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20190923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190923" title="Saint Mary Visitor Center, Entrance Station and Checking Stations">
Saint Mary Visitor Center, Entrance Station and Checking Stations

The Saint Mary Visitor Center in Glacier National Park, with the connected Saint Mary Checking Station and Entrance Station was constructed at the east entrance to the Going-to-the-Sun Road during the Mission 66 park facilities improvement program. It was designed by Burt L. Gewalt of the Kalispell, Montana architectural firm Brinkman and Lenon, and was completed in 1967. The complex uses common Mission 66 themes such as native stone, and glulam timber construction, combined with a dramatic roof structure that echoes the mountain peaks in the background. The stone in the walls came from the Going-to-the-Sun Road. The view of the "St. Mary" webcam on the Glacier National Park official website is broadcast from the center and shows the westward-facing view over St. Mary Lake, which includes a distant view of Logan's Pass. There is also an osprey nest about one hundred meters to the east of the building, which can be viewed from the visitor parking lot and from the park's osprey webcam.
The complex consists of the main visitor center, with a connected entrance station. Two checking stations or kiosks are located in the roadway. Recent renovations have restored the original teal, ebony and peach color scheme, which had been obscured by the application of standard National Park Service brown paint.

</doc>
<doc id="20190925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190925" title="John D. Luthy">
John D. Luthy

John D. Luthy is a firearms and self-defense instructor, certified by the National Rifle Association and the Utah Department of Public Safety, former Sergeant of the United States Marine Corps, and creator of the Luthy shooting method. Based in North Central Utah, he has led firearms training classes across the United States.
Luthy method.
The Luthy shooting method is a form of point shooting, which closely resembles the Fairbairn, Sykes, and Applegate (FSA) method. Even though the Luthy method uses many of the same techniques as FSA, the difference is how the Luthy method employs muscle memory techniques to make shooting faster and more accurate.
Career.
Luthy is a chief trainer for DOA Tactical
Controversy.
During a two-day concealed carry class held on the campus of Utah Valley University in October 2009 led by Luthy and sponsored by the local College Republicans club, the student newspaper ran an editorial condemning the class and the implicit endorsement of the state-funded university in allowing a local club to hold these courses. During the second day, Utah State Senator Margaret Dayton expressed support for the club, the class, and those choosing to attend to exercise their second amendment rights by attending and obtaining a concealed carry permit.
A follow-up article rebutting the position of the first was published on October 26, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20190930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20190930" title="Dwayne Moser">
Dwayne Moser

Dwayne Moser is a Los Angeles based artist and writer.
Moser grew up in the Appalachian Mountains, in a town of less than 100 near the Maryland / West Virginia border. He studied Government and Politics at the University of Maryland, College Park then worked in the legal field for several years before beginning to make art in the late 1990s. 
He earned an MFA in Art from California Institute of the Arts in 2001. 
His visual art takes a variety of forms, including painting, photography, drawing, video and installation. He has shown his work internationally, with solo shows at the Stellan Holm Gallery in New York, the Laura Bartlett Gallery in London, and Lemon Sky Projects in Los Angeles and Miami.
In 2005 two of Moser's large-scale Untitled Backdrop paintings were purchased by the collector Charles Saatchi, selected for inclusion in one of his Triumph of Painting exhibitions.
Moser's work has been discussed in publications such as Artforum, Modern Painters (magazine), The New York Times, BBC, Flash Art, Zing Magazine and Rolling Stone, which named him its "Hot Artist" of 2005 in their annual "Hot List".
He is also a writer, primarily of screenplays. Moser taught screenwriting for several years at CalArts, and helped found the literary magazine Black Clock. He was senior editor of this publication for four years, and now serves as editor-at-large.

</doc>
<doc id="20191036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191036" title="Doctrine of the General Talking Pictures Case">
Doctrine of the General Talking Pictures Case

The Doctrine of the "General Talking Pictures" Case (or General Talking Pictures doctrine) is based on the decision of the United States Supreme Court in "General Talking Pictures Corp. v. Western Electric Co.", which legitimated so-called field-of-use limitations in patent licenses.
The decision held that “field-of-use limitations” on the scope of patent licenses to make and sell a product were enforceable, by way of a patent infringement suit against a licensee that violated the limitation and a company collaborating with it. A field-of-use limitation is a provision in a patent license that limits the scope of what the patent owner authorizes a manufacturing licensee (that is, a licensee that manufactures a patented product or performs a patented process) to do in relation to the patent, by specifying a defined field of permissible operation or specifying fields from which the licensee is excluded. By way of example, such a license might authorize a licensee to manufacture patented engines only for incorporation into trucks, or to manufacture such engines only for sale to farmers. If the licensee exceeded the scope of the licensee, it would commit patent infringement. More generally, this kind of license permits the licensed party (the "licensee") to use the patented invention in some, but not all, possible ways in which the invention could be exploited. In an exclusive field-of-use license the licensee is the only person authorized to use the invention in the field of the license.
The "General Talking Pictures" doctrine does not apply to a patent owner’s sale of a product to a customer that imposes a restriction on what the customer may subsequently do with the product. Such sales are governed by the “exhaustion doctrine,” rather than the "General Talking Pictures" doctrine.
Supreme Court decision.
Factual background.
AT&T owned patents on vacuum tubes (which the majority opinion termed “amplifiers”) and licensed the patents to Transformer Company to manufacture tubes for use in the field of home radios, or small, so-called noncommercial amplifiers. AT&T licensed other companies (its subsidiaries) in the field of so-called commercial use, or large amplifiers for use in theaters. Transformer Company sold its products to General Talking Pictures, which knew of the field-of-use limitation but (like Transformer Company) ignored it. The vacuum tubes used in the different fields were indistinguishable. AT&T sued GTP and Transformer Company.
Majority opinion.
The majority upheld the arrangement as a well-known, legitimate expedient: “Patent owners may grant licenses extending to all uses or limited to use in a defined field.” The Transformer Company was only a nonexclusive licensee in a limited field, as it and General Talking Pictures knew. The Transformer Company had no rights outside its licensed field, and thus “could not convey to petitioner Talking Pictures what both knew it was not authorized to sell.” The majority paid no attention to whether the so-called amplifiers were actually interchangeable shelf-item components of amplifying systems, a point that Justice Black emphasized in his dissent.
Dissenting opinion.
Justice Black dissented. As he perceived it, and considered of great importance, the tubes that all licensees made were fungible, interchangeable articles of commerce, which the Transformer Company was authorized to manufacture. Once they left the manufacturing licensee’s hands, who sold them to General Talking Pictures, they passed outside the patent monopoly:
The patent statute which permits a patentee to “make, use and vend” confers no power to fix and restrict the uses to which a merchantable commodity can be put after it has been bought in the open market from one who was granted authority to manufacture and sell it. Neither the right to make, nor the right to use, nor the right to sell a chattel, includes the right …to control the use of the same chattel by another who has purchased it. A license to sell a widely used merchantable chattel must be as to prospective purchasers…a transfer of the patentee's entire right to sell; it cannot — as to noncontracting parties — restrict the use of ordinary articles of purchase bought in the open market.
Impact.
The "General Talking Pictures" doctrine remains valid law, subject to possible antitrust exceptions (see below). The exhaustion doctrine does not operate to free from the patent monopoly product sales that a limited licensee makes to one who seeks to use the sold product outside the licensed field — at least when the buyer has notice of the limitation. Nonetheless, tension exists between the two doctrines — particularly when the field-of-use license is not as explicit as it might be. Then, as illustrated by the recent Supreme Court decision in "Quanta Computer, Inc. v. LG Electronics", Inc., “default” rules take over. The default rules, which apply when a court interprets a license or other contract as ambiguous or not complete, are that the "exhaustion doctrine" governs over the "General Talking Pictures" doctrine in ambiguous cases. A use restriction in a license must be explicit to bind a seller, if it is to do so at all. Furthermore, the default rule for licenses to manufacture a patented product is that the license is unlimited, i.e., it covers all possible fields. Thus, a manufacturing license is unlimited unless its language explicitly provides otherwise. Because the contractual documents in the "Quanta" case were insufficiently explicit, or so the Supreme Court seemed to believe, the Court applied the "exhaustion doctrine" rather than the "General Talking Pictures" doctrine. Therefore, purchasers of the patented product were free to use them without restrictions that the patentee sought to have imposed on them.
Antitrust exception.
In some circumstances, field-of-use arrangements (particularly those of patent pools) may violate the antitrust laws. A set of field-of-use licenses may be used to allocate markets among competing manufacturers of a product with attendant price manipulation. Thus, in "Hartford-Empire Co. v. United States", the courts condemned a cartel among bottle manufacturers that operated by parceling out different markets to different members of the cartel. The members were given limited licenses in the respective markets allocated to them. This was held to violate the antitrust laws.

</doc>
<doc id="20191048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191048" title="Vic Braden">
Vic Braden

Victor Kenneth Braden, Jr. (born August 2, 1929) is an American tennis player, instructor and television broadcaster for the sport.
Biography.
Braden was one of eight children born to Victor (1904-1973) and Mildred (née Mayes) Braden (1906-1968); both were natives of Claiborne County, Tennessee.
Introduced to tennis at age 12, he became good enough to earn invites to play in River Forest, Illinois and in Milwaukee. He told "Sports Illustrated" in a 1976 interview that he once hitch hiked to Detroit to watch Don Budge play Bobby Riggs because he wanted to learn how Budge hit his backhand.
Braden went to Kalamazoo College, where he was captain of the tennis team, and won the league title in singles. He was awarded an honorary degree by his alma mater in 2008.
Career.
Braden played professionally after graduating from Kalamazoo College in 1951 while serving as assistant basketball coach at the University of Toledo. Among those he played with on the tour were Jimmy Evert (father of Chris Evert) and George Richey (father of Cliff and Nancy Richey). After obtaining a master's degree in psychology at UCLA and Cal State, Braden joined Jack Kramer on Kramer's pro tour. He and Kramer later founded The Jack Kramer Club, where Braden served as the head tennis pro and developed the "tennis college" concept. In 1986, Kramer said, "One Vic Braden is worth a lot of champions in helping the sport. The McEnroes, [Bjorn Borgs, Connors, they've been great. But I don't think any one of them has created the interest in the sport Vic has."
Videos.
Vocational highlights.
Licensed psychologist (California), author, sports educator and researcher, cinematographer, videographer, sports, television commentator.
Books authored.
He has authored five books with Bill Bruns whom he met in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20191057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191057" title="Nicolae Matei">
Nicolae Matei

Nicolae Matei (1863 — 1933) was a Romanian politician who served as Deputy from 1905 to 1914 and as Senator from 1914 to 1933. He married first Aglaia Popovici in 1893 and second time Smaranda Taşcă in 1920. His first wife died in 1917 during World War I in a shrapnel blast. His second wife was an agriculturist who had been trained in Germany under a special scholarship program sponsored by queen Elisabeth of Romania.
Nicolae Matei was also owner of the Bogdăneşti estate in Bacău county, which besides the mansion, also included farmland, a vineyard, two mills and more as 57.5 ha woodlands. The estate was inherited by his male offspring, Virgiliu, but was expropriated in March 1949 after the rise to power of the communist regime. The Virgiliu's inheriter, Nicolae Matei, born in 1940, has partially recovered the Nicolae Matei's property and lives in Bogdăneşti, in the family's house.
Eventually his offspring moved to Cork, Ireland where both his granddaughter Ruxandra Colan Petcu and his great-granddaughter Ioana Petcu-Colan have pursued careers as musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="20191062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191062" title="McGrath's Fish House">
McGrath's Fish House

McGrath's Fish House is a chain of seafood restaurants based in Salem, Oregon.
The first McGrath’s Fish House was opened by John McGrath in Salem, Oregon, in 1980. The company expanded to 20 locations at its most recent peak, including eight in Oregon, three in Washington, one in Idaho and four in Utah.
In February 2010 the restaurant chain filed for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 reorganization, with both assets and liabilities between $10 million and $50 million. A month later, in a first step towards reorganization, it closed four restaurants, located in Orem and Salt Lake City, Utah, Scottsdale, Arizona, and Lynnwood, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="20191088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191088" title="Canadian High Commission, Canberra">
Canadian High Commission, Canberra

The High Commission of Canada to Australia is a Canadian government high commission located on Commonwealth Avenue, near State Circle, in the Australian capital city of Canberra. In addition to responsibility for bilateral relations between Canada and Australia, it is also responsible for relations with several Pacific Island nations, including the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Nauru, Palau, Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu.
Diplomatic relations between Canada and Australia were formally established in 1939, just as World War II broke out, with the appointment of high commissioners between the two nations. The three-storey chancery was officially opened January 30, 1964 by the Prime Minister of Australia, the Right Honourable Sir Robert Menzies. In 1994, the chancery was expanded to include a two-storey wing at the rear of the building. The new extension was opened by the Honourable Raymond Chan, Secretary of State (Asia-Pacific), on August 4, 1994. The High Commission currently has a complement of about 40 personnel, including Canada-based staff and locally engaged employees.
Since 1950 the High Commissioner's Official Residence has been an elegant mansion on Mugga Way in Canberra's historic Red Hill Conservation Area. The current High Commissioner is His Excellency Mr. Michael Small and was appointed on August 12, 2010. The Deputy High Commissioner is Mr. David McKinnon and has been serving as such since, December 2009.
The primary services offered at the High Commission in Canberra relate to helping companies do business with Canada, helping Canadian companies do business with Australia, furthering defence relations, and providing assistance to Canadians in the following Australian states: Victoria, Tasmania, South Australia, Western Australia and the Australian Capital Territory. It also provides development cooperation services for the Pacific Islands. 
Canada also maintains a large Consulate-General in Sydney, led by Mr. Mario Ste-Marie, with six Canada-based staff and 30 local employees. It is chiefly concerned with providing visa and immigration services, consular services for Canadians in the following states: New South Wales, Queensland and the Northern Territory. It also has a much greater focus on cultural events. Canada also provides a small presence through consulates, with honorary consuls in Melbourne and Perth.

</doc>
<doc id="20191089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191089" title="Leodes">
Leodes

Leodes, a diviner, was a minor suitor of Penelope. He had darkly predicted that Odysseus would return to avenge the suitors' abuse of hospitality. He was the last person whom Odysseus killed in his homecoming rampage, decapitated while pleading for his life:
Leodes rushed in and caught the knees of Odysseus,
and spoke to him in winged words and supplication:
'I am at your knees, Odysseus. Respect me, have mercy;
for I claim that never in your halls did I say or do anything
wrong to any one of the women, but always was trying
to stop any one of the other suitors who acted in that way.
But they would not listen to me and keep their hands off evil.
So by their own recklessness they have found a shameful
death, but I was their diviner, and I did nothing;
but I must fall, since there is no gratitude for past favors.'
Then looking darkly at him spoke resourceful Odysseus:
'If you claim to be the diviner among these people,
many a time you must have prayed in my palace, asking
that the completion of my sweet homecoming be far off
from me, that my dear wife would go off with you, and bear you
children. So you cannot escape from sorry destruction.'
So he spoke, and in his heavy hand caught up a sword
that was lying there on the ground where Agelaos had dropped it
when he was killed. With this he cut through the neck at the middle,
and the head of Leodes dropped in the dust while he was still speaking.

</doc>
<doc id="20191094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191094" title="Big White Mountain">
Big White Mountain

Big White Mountain is the highest mountain of the Okanagan Highland and also of the Beaverdell Range, a subrange of that formation, which lies between the Okanagan Valley to its west and the main spine of the Monashee Mountains to its east. The mountain lies between the head of the Kettle River and the source of Damfino Creek.
The mountain is commonly called Big White, a reference shared by the Big White Ski Resort built around its summit.

</doc>
<doc id="20191096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191096" title="BASIC Computer Games">
BASIC Computer Games

BASIC Computer Games (1973, 1978, 2010) is a compilation of type-in computer games in the BASIC programming language collected by David H. Ahl. Some of the games were written or modified by Ahl as well. It was the first million-selling computer book.
The first edition of the book, released in 1973, contained 101 games that had been collected from a newsletter Ahl wrote for DEC's education department. Many of these games had originally been written on different platforms and then ported to DEC machines. These were easy enough to port to other popular platforms of the era, and many of the games re-appeared on other popular systems like the Data General Nova and HP 2100 series.
Copies of the original collection were still widely available when the first hobbyist microcomputers started appearing in 1975, and it became quite popular with these owners. The release of the "1977 Trinity" machines (Apple II, Commodore PET and TRS-80) was soon followed by a great many new competing microcomputer platforms featuring BASIC, along with the userbase to go with them, and demand for the book led to a second edition in 1978. Sales remained strong for years, and spawned similar collections in "More Basic Computer Games" (1979), and "Big Computer Games" (1984) and "Basic Computer Adventures" (1984).
The BASIC Computer Games are playable under the relatively obscure Microsoft Small Basic development environment for kids. Computer Science for Kids has released a 2010 Small Basic Edition of the classic Basic Computer Games book called "Basic Computers Games: Small Basic Edition".
The programs can also be run on a modern Microsoft Windows machine (32-bit only) by downloading the GW-BASIC interpreter.

</doc>
<doc id="20191112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191112" title="John Barry (tennis)">
John Barry (tennis)

John Barry (born New Zealand, 10 December 1928) was a tennis player. He played for New Zealand in the Davis Cup of 1947 and 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20191152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191152" title="Harry Gale Nye, Jr.">
Harry Gale Nye, Jr.

Harry Gale Nye, Jr. (February 12, 1908 - September 11, 1987) was a Chicago-born American industrialist, entrepreneur, and world champion sailor. He graduated from the Berkshire School and joined the class of 1933 at Yale University where he was a member of the Society of Book and Snake. Nye, a descendant of the Yale family whose gift founded the University, left Yale prior to his graduation upon his father's death in order to return home to Chicago to become president of the Nye Tool and Machine Works. The Nye Tool had been the plaintiff in a patent infringement case heard by the United States Supreme Court in 1923.
In 1933, Mr. Nye together with Jim Murphy founded Murphy & Nye Sailmakers, a business which is today a prominent Italian fashion apparel company and frequent sponsor of and supplier to Louis Vuitton Cup and America's Cup campaigns such as United Internet Team Germany and Emirates Team New Zealand.
Nye was widely regarded as one of the nation's most respected yachtsmen. Nye's yachts aptly donned the family name, "Gale". He twice won the Chicago to Mackinac Boat Race in 1950 and 1951 and twice won the world championship in the Star (sailboat) class in 1942 and 1949.
Nye won many other international sailing competitions including the Bacardi Cup (in '38,'40 and '41), a regatta which was started by the Bacardi (rum) family and held in Havana, Cuba in the pre-Fidel Castro era.
Nye's dedication to the Star Class continued beyond his own active sailing career. He served as Commodore of the International Star Class Yacht Racing Association from 1955-1963. Following his death, the Harry Nye Trophy was established and is awarded to individuals whose extraordinary efforts contributed significantly to the success of the Star Class. The winner of the fourth race in the Star World Championship is also awarded the Harry G. Nye Trophy, in honor of Nye's dedication to the Star Class.
Nye founded and was president of North American Hydrofoils which designed and built the U.S.'s first commuter hydrofoils, named "Enterprise" and "Endeavour", in 1961. These two prototype vessels were commissioned to shuttle commuters from Atlantic Highlands, New Jersey to Wall Street in Manhattan.
The Nye family is one of America's oldest. The Benjamin Nye Homestead stands as a museum in East Sandwich, Massachusetts. Harry Nye was descended from Mayflower passenger Thomas Rogers.
Harry Nye's oldest child, Julia Gale (Judy) Nye, was married to media mogul Ted Turner.
Harry Gale Nye, Jr. died at Newport Beach, California on September 11, 1987, at the age of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="20191166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191166" title="Monashee Pass">
Monashee Pass

Monashee Pass, , is a mountain pass in the Monashee Mountains of the Southern Interior of British Columbia. Located southeast of Cherryvile and is used by British Columbia Highway 6 connecting Vernon to Nakusp on Arrow Lake, and beyond to the cities of the West Kootenay. It is the "prominence col" for Big White Mountain, which is the highest mountain to its southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="20191173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191173" title="Joe Hyams">
Joe Hyams

Joe Hyams (June 6, 1923 – November 8, 2008) was an American Hollywood columnist and author of bestselling biographies of Hollywood stars.
Career.
Hyams was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on June 6, 1923, and grew up in nearby Brookline, Massachusetts. While attending Harvard University, he enlisted in the United States Army in 1942. He received a Purple Heart and was awarded the Bronze Star Medal while serving in the South Pacific. He later covered the war for "Stars and Stripes", the official newspaper of the United States Armed Forces. He earned bachelor's and master's degrees at New York University, after returning from military service.
In 1951, the "New York Herald Tribune" sent him to do an article on illegal immigration to the United States. He was flown to Mexico on a small airplane and came back into the United States with a group crossing the border illegally. Once the story was complete, his editor told him that a room was waiting for him at The Beverly Hills Hotel. "Take a break, and if you get a chance to interview any movie stars, go for it." Asked by a man seated at the hotel's pool what he was doing at the hotel, he replied that he was supposed to interview movie stars. "How would you like to interview Humphrey Bogart?" was the reply from what turned out to be Bogart's press agent. When Hyams arrived, Bogart was behind the bar and offered him a drink. Hyams asked for a Coke and Bogart reacted angrily: “I don’t trust any bastard who doesn’t drink, especially a pipe-smoking newspaperman… or a man who has more hair than I have.” At this, Hyams pocketed his notebook and headed for the door. “I don’t drink,” he said on his way out, “and I certainly have more hair on my head than you do.” Bogart liked the courage of the reply and not only granted Hyams an interview, but as soon as it appeared invited him to lunch. In addition to the interview with Humphrey Bogart, within the week Hyams had interviewed Lauren Bacall, Katharine Hepburn, Frank Sinatra and Spencer Tracy. The "Herald Tribune" had him relocated to Los Angeles. He covered Hollywood as a syndicated columnist from 1951 to 1964.
After leaving the "Herald Tribune", Hyams covered Hollywood for the "Saturday Evening Post", "Ladies' Home Journal", "Redbook" and other publications.
He was the author (or co-author) of more than two-dozen books, most of which were biographies of the celebrities he covered, including "Bogie" in 1966, "Bogart & Bacall: A Love Story" in 1975 and "James Dean: Little Boy Lost" in 1992. He co-authored celebrity autobiographies, with Chuck Norris on "The Secret of Inner Strength: My Story" and worked on "Michael Reagan: On the Outside Looking In", with the adopted son of the former President. His own autobiography, "Mislaid in Hollywood", was written in 1973. He also wrote novels set in Hollywood, such as "The Pool" and "Murder at the Academy Awards."
His 1979 book "Zen in the Martial Arts" was built on his many years of studying martial arts with such figures as Bong Soo Han, Bruce Lee, and Ed Parker. He first became involved in the martial arts during his wartime service in the US Army, when he was regularly beaten up for being Jewish. After the war he became a student of kenpo karate and studied Jeet Kune Do with Bruce Lee, as well as becoming proficient in eight other martial arts disciplines. Melissa Hyams said the slim book "isn't really about martial arts. It's about life and philosophy, and how to turn a negative into a positive, how to defuse a situation by the way you handle it. That's what he'll most be remembered for." With penologist Tom Murton, he wrote "Accomplices to the Crime: The Arkansas Prison Scandal", a 1969 nonfiction account that was the basis for the 1980 film "Brubaker" starring Robert Redford. In 1991 he wrote the non-fiction work "Flight of the Avenger: George Bush at War".
Personal.
His second marriage was to 24-year-old actress Elke Sommer in November 1964 in a civil ceremony in Las Vegas.
Hyams had been a longtime resident of Los Angeles and moved to Penrose, Colorado, three years before his death. He died at age 85 on November 8, 2008, from coronary artery disease at a hospital in Denver, leaving his fourth wife Melissa, two sons, and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20191178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191178" title="International Forum of Public Universities">
International Forum of Public Universities

The International Forum of Public Universities (IFPU) is a consortium of twenty-three public universities. The forum's permanent secretariat currently resides at the Université de Montréal in Montreal, Canada. Bringing together a limited number of universities from diverse countries, the forum was founded on October 11, 2007, with the mission of "promoting the expression of values that underlie the mission of public universities in an era of internationalization". In 2008, the consortium included 13 of the world's 200 top universities according to "Times Higher Education" rankings. Each year, a specialized summer school is hosted by one of its member universities.
Meetings.
Meetings have also been attended by World Bank experts in tertiary education.

</doc>
<doc id="20191186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191186" title="HS-11">
HS-11

HS-11 Helicopter Antisubmarine Squadron 11, also known as the "Dragon Slayers", is an United States Navy SH-60F and HH-60H helicopter squadron based at NAS Jacksonville. Currently attached to Carrier Air Wing 1, they deployed aboard the before it decommissioned late 2012.
History.
Helicopter Antisubmarine Squadron ELEVEN was established on 27 June 1957 at Naval Air Station (NAS) Quonset Point, Rhode Island. The squadron first flew the Sikorsky HSS-1 Seabat (later re-designated the SH-34) helicopter under the radio call sign “Snowbound.” The primary mission of the Seabat was Antisubmarine Warfare (ASW) and it carried dipping sonar. Later models of the Seabat were upgraded with Doppler radar and automatic stabilization and hover capabilities for all-weather operations. The HS-11 Sub Seekers were assigned to Carrier Anti-Submarine Air Group 52 (CVSG-52) with tail code AS and deployed on board . 
In 1962, the squadron transitioned to the Sikorsky twin engine SH-3 Sea King and would later upgrade to the SH-3D and SH-3H in 1969 and 1980, respectively. In December 1969, HS-11 would become the first ASW helicopter squadron to deploy as part of a modern carrier air wing with CVW-17 on board . From 1970-1973, HS-11 was assigned to CVSG-56 deploying on board with tail code AU. On 17 October 1973, HS-11 moved to its new homeport of NAS Jacksonville and was re-assigned to Carrier Air Wing ONE (CVW-1) where it remains assigned to this day. In 1989, HS-11 changed its official call sign to Dragonslayer. HS-11 would make deployments on board , , , , and . 
The Dragonslayer history has many distinguished highlights. The squadron played a leading role in astronaut recovery operations during the Gemini missions, plucking from the sea such famed astronauts as White, McDivitt, Lovell, and Aldrin. In 1976, the squadron was awarded the Navy Unit Commendation for saving countless lives after ship collisions at sea while attached to USS "John F. Kennedy". Over the years, HS-11 has the answered the domestic call for help numerous times in support of hurricane relief efforts, including Hurricane Andrew in 1993 and in 1999 the squadron rescued nine men whose ship was sunk during Hurricane Floyd in winds over 50 knots and seas measuring 30 feet. HS-11 was the first Navy squadron on-station just hours after Hurricane Ike swept through Galveston, TX in September 2008. Most recently, HS-11 was one of the first units to respond to the earthquake as part of Operation unified response in Haiti in January 2010. 
Since 1985, HS-11 has participated in Operation ocean safari in the northern Atlantic, Operation Prairie Fire in Libya, Operations Desert Shield, Desert Storm and Southern Watch in the Persian Gulf, Operation Provide Promise in the Adriatic Sea, Operation Provide Comfort off Mogadishu, Somalia and Operations Deny Flight and Decisive Edge in the Adriatic Sea. Most recently, HS-11 participated in Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan and Operation Iraqi Freedom between 2001 and 2003, and again supported Operations Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom in 2006 and 2007. In 2006, the Dragonslayers deployed two HH-60H aircraft to Basrah, Iraq in support of Multi-National Division (South-East) and the Joint Helicopter Force.
In 1994, HS-11 transitioned to the Sikorsky SH-60F and HH-60H Seahawk, the current aircraft in use today by the Dragonslayers. The capabilities of this latest airframe allowed the squadron to greatly expand its mission areas. In addition to ASW and Search and Rescue, the Dragonslayers now added such missions as Vertical Replenishment, Naval Special Warfare Support, and Combat Search and Rescue to its capabilities. With the addition of the Hellfire missile system and GAU-16 .50 caliber machine gun in 1999, HS-11 became capable of effectively conducting Antisurface Warfare.
HS-11 will be the last deploying HS squadron and is scheduled to transition the HSC community to fly the MH-60S in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="20191189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191189" title="Old Town, Staten Island">
Old Town, Staten Island

Old Town is a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Staten Island, located on its East Shore. Old Town was established in August 1661 as part of New Netherland, and was the first permanent European settlement on Staten Island. Originally described as "Oude Dorpe" (old village in Dutch), much of its original territory makes up what is present-day South Beach, with parts of Midland Beach and Dongan Hills. The area was settled by a group of Dutch, Walloon (from what is now southern Belgium and its borders with France) and French Protestants (Huguenots) led by Walloon Pierre Billiou.
Present-day Old Town is typically described as the neighborhood bordered by Grasmere to the north, Dongan Hills to the south, South Beach to the east, and Concord to the west. The neighborhood is served by the Old Town station of the Staten Island Railway. The neighborhood is also served by the S78 and S79 buses on Hylan Boulevard and the S74 and S76 buses on Richmond Road, and the X1, X2, X3, and X9 express buses.
Unique features.
The New York Tattoo Museum, located on Old Town Road, opened in 2010.
The neighborhood is home to the campus of Staten Island's largest circulation daily, the "Staten Island Advance", a newspaper that likes to refer to Old Town as either Grasmere or Dongan Hills, even though its residents refer to it as Old Town.
The Academy of St. Dorothy, a private Roman Catholic elementary school sits on Hylan Boulevard in Old Town.
Carmel Richmond Healthcare and Rehabilitation Center (formerly Carmel Richmond Nursing Home), a Roman Catholic nursing home sits on Old Town Road. The home was established by the sisters of the Carmelite Order in the 1970s.
A Very Special Place, a school for developmentally disabled children was opened on Quintard Street in the late 1990s.
Notable residents.
James Oddo, an American politician and member of the New York City Council is a former resident of Old Town.
Sources.
Dickenson, Richard. "Holden's Staten Island: The History of Richmond County." Center for Migration Studies, New York. 2002. Pg.17. ISBN 1-57703-028-1.

</doc>
<doc id="20191216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191216" title="Johannes von Hanstein">
Johannes von Hanstein

Johannes Ludwig Emil Robert von Hanstein (May 15, 1822 - August 27, 1880) was a German botanist who was a native of Potsdam.
He attended classes at the "Gärtnerlehranstalt" (Institute of Horticulture) in Potsdam, and later studied sciences in Berlin, attaining his doctorate in 1848. In 1855 he was a lecturer of botany at the University of Berlin, and six years later became curator of the royal herbarium. In 1865 he was appointed professor of botany at the University of Bonn and director of the botanical garden.
Hanstein is remembered for studies in plant anatomy and morphology. In 1868 he introduced the "histogen theory" to explain shoot apex behaviour in plants. With his close friend, Nathanael Pringsheim (1823-1894), he conducted pioneer research involving the fertilization process in ferns.
The plant genus "Hansteinia" of the family Acanthaceae is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20191264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191264" title="Papyrus 100">
Papyrus 100

Papyrus 100 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by siglum formula_1100, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Epistle of James. The surviving texts of James are verses 3:13-4:4; 4:9-5:1, they are in a fragmentary condition. The manuscript paleographically had been assigned to the late 3rd century, or early 4th century. 
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. "formula_1100 generally concurs with the Alexandrian witnesses, formula_174 א A B". 
It has not yet been placed in any of Aland's Categories of New Testament manuscripts.
Location.
The manuscript is currently housed at the Ashmolean Museum (P. Oxy. 4449) at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20191278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191278" title="USS Horace A. Bass (APD-124)">
USS Horace A. Bass (APD-124)

USS "Horace A. Bass" (DE-691/APD-124/LPR-124) was a United States Navy high-speed transport in commission from 1944 to 1969.
Construction and commissioning.
Originally projected as a "Rudderow"-class destroyer escort (DE-691), "Horace A. Bass" (APD-124) was selected for completion to a modified design as a high-speed transport (APD), designed for landing and supporting raiding parties while retaining a secondary, destroyer escort-like role of convoy escort. Laid down on 3 August 1944 at Quincy, Massachusetts, by the Bethlehem Steel Company, Fore River, she was launched on 12 September 1944, sponsored by Mrs. Horace A. Bass Jr., widow of Ensign Horace A. Bass Jr., and commissioned on 21 December 1944, Lieutenant Commander F. W. Kuhn in command.
World War II service 1944-1945.
"Horace A. Bass" fitted out at the Boston Navy Yard, Boston, Massachusetts, and conducted shakedown training off Bermuda, after which she sailed to New York City, where she arrived 15 February 1945. Departing on 16 February 1945, "Horace A. Bass" escorted ammunition ship USS "Firedrake" (AE-14) to Panama, from where she proceeded to San Diego, California, arriving on 3 March 1945. After gunnery exercises in the area she sailed westward to join in the climactic phase of World War II.
"Horace A. Bass" stopped at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii; Eniwetok; and Ulithi Atoll, en route Okinawa, where the largest fleet assembled in the Pacific was supporting United States Army and United States Marine Corps forces in what was to be the final major land battle of the war against Japan. She arrived off Okinawa on 6 April 1945, just in time to take part in repelling one of the fiercest Japanese air assaults of the campaign. As the desperate attack was driven off, "Horace A. Bass" was credited with at least one plane shot down. As the battle raged ashore, she served on the vital picket line to warn of incoming Japanese air raids until 10 April 1945, when she sailed with a convoy to Guam. On the return passage she sank the Japanese submarine "RO-109" with a single accurate depth charge attack south of Okinawa on 25 April 1945.
Arriving at Okinawa on 26 April 1945, "Horace A. Bass" resumed the hectic picket duty interspersed with convoy voyages to Saipan and Guam. Though Okinawa was secured in mid-June 1945, Japanese air attacks continued, and "Horace A. Bass" continued to provide antiaircraft and antisubmarine protection to the many ships off Okinawa. Early on 30 July 1945, she was on picket duty in the area when a low-flying "kamikaze" suicide aircraft crashed through her superstructure and fell alongside, its bomb exploding close aboard. "Horace A. Bass" suffered hull damage and 14 casualties, but was quickly repaired. She remained off Okinawa until sailing north toward Japan on 14 August 1945.
"Horace A. Bass" received two battle stars for World War II service, for:
Peacetime service, 1945-1950.
After the end of hostilities with Japan on 15 August 1945, "Horace A. Bass" remained off Japan with United States Third Fleet units until the ships triumphantly entered Tokyo Bay on 27 August 1945. "Horace A. Bass" took part in 'the occupation of the giant Yokosuka Naval Base, furnishing the prize crew which took possession of battleship "Nagato", one of the very few major ships left to the Imperial Japanese Navy. "Horace A. Bass" remained at Yokosuka assisting in the occupation until sailing for the United States on 14 January 1946.
"Horace A. Bass" arrived at San Francisco, California, on 7 February 1946. She was in overhaul at the Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo, California, from 11 February 1946 to 10 April 1946, then spent the remainder of 1946 in the San Diego area on training operations. She sailed again for the Far East on 27 January 1947, this time to support American efforts to stabilize the volatile situation in China due to the civil war there. Arriving at Tsingtao, China, on 5 March 1947, "Horace A. Bass" acted as a station ship until sailing again for San Diego on 30 July 1947. She spent the second half of 1947 on training exercises in California waters, and in early 1948 she operated off the coast of Mexico. She proceeded to China again on 16 June 1948, and again served as station ship at Hong Kong and Tsingtao, occasionally sailing to the Marshall Islands and Guam. As communist troops began to gain the upper hand in the Chinese Civil War, "Horace A. Bass" evacuated civilians of several nations from Nanking in November 1948. She departed China on 1 December 1948, arriving at San Diego on 21 December 1948 for repairs and training.
After exercises off San Diego and a large amphibious warfare training assault in Hawaii, "Horace A. Bass"' sailed from Hawaii on 14 November 1949 for another tour of duty in China. Arriving at Hong Kong on 30 November 1949, she remained in waters off China and Southeast Asian countries to protect American interests in the area, arriving at San Diego on 12 June 1950.
Korean War service 1950-1953.
With the outbreak of the Korean War on 25 June 1950, American naval power moved swiftly into the Far East to support land operations. "Horace A. Bass" sailed on 14 July 1950 to join the fleet units already deployed off Korea, arriving 2 August 1950 with troops of the 2nd Marine Division. Underwater Demolition Teams and Marine Reconnaissance units were assigned to her, and she moved to the eastern coast of North Korea to carry out raids on Communist supply lines. Between 11 August 1950 and 17 August 1950 she made three successful raids, destroying three tunnels and two bridges. "Horace A. Bass" also conducted shore bombardments during daylight hours.
As United Nations forces prepared to go on the offensive, "Horace A. Bass" played an important part in the planning for the upcoming Inchon operation. Her raiding parties reconnoitered possible landing beaches between 20 August 1950 and 25 August 1950, and departed Pusan on 12 September 1950 for the main Inchon assault. "Horace A. Bass" put her troops ashore in the first wave on 15 September 1950, as the extremely successful amphibious operation suddenly reversed the course of the war.
As United Nations troops pushed northward, "Howard A. Bass" resumed her raiding duties, making two attacks on tunnels and bridges near Songjin between 6 October 1950 and 8 October 1950. For this operation "Horace A. Bass" carried Royal Marine Commandos. Late in October 1950 she took part in operations to clear the port of Wonsan for another landing, assisting minesweeping groups. She then spent three months on beach survey duty before sailing for the United States on 28 January 1951. For this highly successful tour of duty, "Horace A. Bass" and her Special Operations Group received the Navy Unit Commendation.
"Horace A. Bass" steamed toward Korea again on 24 September 1951, and after stopping at Yokosuka resumed bombardment and raiding duties along the coast of North Korea. In 14 separate raids with American, British, and Republic of Korea landing parties, "Horace A. Bass" did much to interrupt the all-important supply lines from the north, which proved vulnerable to mobile forces afloat. She completed her second tour of duty in Korea on 3 July 1952, when she sailed from Yokosuka. She arrived at San Diego on 20 July 1952.
"Horace A. Bass" spent the next year in operations off the California coast, but sailed on 15 July 1953 for her third tour of Korean duty. The Korean War ended later that month while she was en route.
"Horace A. Bass" received six battle stars in addition to her Navy Unit Commendation for Korean War service. The battle stars were for:
Peacetime service 1953-1969.
Upon her arrival at Yokosuka on 3 August 1950, "Horace A. Bass" became flagship of an amphibious control squadron, and took part in various training landings in Japan. She also conducted three survey operations and two demolition assignments on the Korean coast, where the armistice was now in effect. She visited other Pacific ports during this period before departing Yokosuka on 5 April 1954.
She operated off the United States West Coast on training cruises and antisubmarine exercises until getting underway for the Far East again on 23 October 1954. She carried on practice landings in South Korea and took part in fleet exercises until February 1955, when she moved to the Taiwan Strait to evacuate Nationalist Chinese troops from the Tachen Islands. With this important Cold War operation over, "Horace A. Bass" steamed to Haiphong, French Indochina, on 26 February 1955 to take part in Operation Passage to Freedom, as thousands of Vietnamese from the north fled the advance of Communist forces. The transporting of these civilians to the south was completed on 20 March 1955, and "Horace A. Bass" was underway from Sasebo, Japan, on 4 April 1955, bound for San Diego.
After her arrival "Horace A. Bass" was transferred to the United States Atlantic Fleet, transiting the Panama Canal between 2 June 1955 and 4 June 1955 and arriving at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on 10 June 1955. She was then assigned to the 4th Naval District as a United States Naval Reserve training ship.
During the years that followed, "Horace A. Bass" made short cruises with naval reservists to Caribbean ports, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, helping to maintain the skills of hundreds of reserve officers and men.
"Horace A. Bass" arrived at Orange, Texas, on 3 November 1958, and decommissioned there on 9 February 1959. She entered the Atlantic Reserve Fleet at Orange.
She was recommissioned at an unrecorded date. She was redesignated as an "amphibious transport, small" and LPR-124 on 1 January 1969.
Decommissioning and disposal.
"Horace A. Bass" was decommissioned on 30 July 1969 and stricken from the Naval Register on 15 September 1974. She was sold for scrapping on 11 August 1975 to J. R. Steel, Inc. of Houston, Texas, for $79,002 (USD).

</doc>
<doc id="20191321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191321" title="Mark Mussler">
Mark Mussler

Mark Mussler (September 10, 1954 – December 9, 1987) was a singer, make-up artist, and original member of the disco group Village People. His persona was the "Construction Worker".
Mark Mussler was born and raised in Muncie, Indiana. He moved to New York in the fall of 1976 to attend Pratt Institute in Brooklyn. After attending Pratt for only one semester, he dropped out to become a make-up artist. In 1977, he was "discovered" by the producers of Village People at the famous Studio 54 in Manhattan. He was a member of Village People when they made their debut on American Bandstand in 1977. He was replaced by David Hodo a year after joining the group. After leaving Village People, he worked as a freelance make-up artist up until his death from AIDS in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20191322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20191322" title="Sebastián Arrieta">
Sebastián Arrieta

Sebastián Alejandro Arrieta (born 21 October 1985 in Añatuya, Santiago del Estero Province) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Instituto.

</doc>
