<doc id="20197832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197832" title="Six Arches, Ackworth">
Six Arches, Ackworth

The Six Arches is a railway viaduct in Ackworth, West Yorkshire, England, names after it construction. It carries the Pontefract to Rotherham line. Ackworth used to have a station, but it was shut down and demolished. The goods sheds still remain and have been converted into a private residence.

</doc>
<doc id="20197837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197837" title="Roberson de Arruda Alves">
Roberson de Arruda Alves

Roberson de Arruda Alves (born June 29, 1989 in Campo Grande, Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil) or simply Roberson, is a Brazilian footballer. He currently plays for Náutico.

</doc>
<doc id="20197855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197855" title="2009 Medibank International Sydney – Women's Doubles">
2009 Medibank International Sydney – Women's Doubles

Yan Zi and Zheng Jie were the defending champions but both chose not to participate that year.
In the final, Hsieh Su-wei and Peng Shuai defeated Nathalie Dechy and Casey Dellacqua, 6–0, 6–1.
Seeds.
<ol start="3">
<li> Květa Peschke / Lisa Raymond "(Quarterfinals)"
<li> Samantha Stosur / Rennae Stubbs "(First Round)

</doc>
<doc id="20197858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197858" title="Eric Harriz">
Eric Harriz

J. Eric Harriz is a two-time Daytime Emmy Award winner for set designer of "The City" in 1996 and "All My Children" in 2000. Harriz also designed three productions of "Boobs! The Musical": the workshop at The Pulse Theatre and the Off-Broadway hit productions at the Triad Theater and the transfer to Dillon's Reprise Room.

</doc>
<doc id="20197861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197861" title="Alison Bailey">
Alison Bailey

Alison L. Bailey is a faculty associate researcher for the National Center for Research on Evaluation, Standards, and Student Testing (CRESST) and a professor in the Human Development and Psychology program in the Graduate School of Education at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Biography.
A graduate of Harvard University, Bailey’s research focuses primarily on language and cognitive development, acquisition of literacy, bilingualism, atypical language development, narrative analysis and research design and methods. She is coauthor of the new IPT assessment of English language development at the prekindergarten-kindergarten level, editor and contributing author to "The Language Demands of School: Putting Academic English to the Test" (Yale University Press, 2007), and coeditor and author (with Allyssa McCabe and Gigliana Melzi) of "Spanish-Language Narration and Literacy Development" (Cambridge University Press). Bailey also serves on the advisory boards of numerous states and commercial publishers developing language and literacy assessments for English Language Learners.
Education.
EdD, 1995, Harvard University. Specialization: Human Development and Psychology
Ed.M., 1991, Harvard University. Specialization: Acquisition of Language and Culture

</doc>
<doc id="20197862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197862" title="Bubullimë">
Bubullimë

Bubullimë is a municipality in the Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania.
Notable people.
Methodius (Berat), Berat's archbishop, who in 1743 started renovations of the Ardenica Monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="20197888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197888" title="Réservoir-Dozois, Quebec">
Réservoir-Dozois, Quebec

Réservoir-Dozois is an unorganized territory in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue region of Quebec, Canada. It is the largest of five unorganized territories in the La Vallée-de-l'Or Regional County Municipality and entirely part of the La Vérendrye Wildlife Reserve.
It is named after the Dozois Reservoir, a large reservoir which formed after the construction of the Bourque Dam on the Ottawa River in 1949.
Demographics.
Population:
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20197898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197898" title="Kolonjë, Lushnjë">
Kolonjë, Lushnjë

Kolonjë is a municipality in the Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20197918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197918" title="Nonconformity (quality)">
Nonconformity (quality)

In quality management, a nonconformity (also known as a defect) is a deviation from a specification, a standard, or an expectation. Nonconformities are classified as either critical, major, or minor.
In software engineering, ISO/IEC 9126 distinguishes between a "defect" and a "nonconformity", a defect being the nonfulfilment of intended usage requirements, whereas a nonconformity is the nonfulfilment of a requirement. A similar distinction is made between validation and verification.
Types of nonconformity.
"Minor nonconformity" - Any nonconformity which does not adversely affect the performance, durability, interchangeability, reliability, maintainability, effective use or operation, weight or appearance (where a factor), health or safety of a product. Multiple minor nonconformities when considered collectively may raise the category to a major or critical nonconformity.
"Major nonconformity" - Any nonconformity other than critical, which may result in failure or materially reduce the usability of the product for the intended purpose (i.e. effective use or operation, weight or appearance (where a factor), health or safety) and which can not be completely eliminated by rework or reduced to a minor nonconformity by an approved repair.
"Critical nonconformity" - Any nonconformity which may result in hazardous or unsafe conditions for individuals using, maintaining or depending upon the product or prevent performance of a vital agency mission.

</doc>
<doc id="20197943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197943" title="Day 'n' Nite">
Day 'n' Nite

"Day 'n' Nite" (listed as "Day 'n' Nite (Nightmare)" on the tracklist of ') is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kid Cudi. The song was written and produced by Kid Cudi, alongside his longtime collaborator and friend, Dot da Genius. It was released on February 5, 2008, as Cudi's commercial debut single, but had initially leaked in December 2007, and was featured on several blogs in mid-November 2008. The single, which was included on his 2008 mixtape "A Kid Named Cudi", also serves as the lead single from his debut studio album ' (2009). The song has so far sold over 2,000,000 digital downloads in the United States. In 2012, in an interview with "Complex Magazine", Kid Cudi revealed that "Mind Playing Tricks on Me" by The Geto Boys inspired him to write and record "Day 'n' Nite", saying: "My Mind Playing Tricks On Me is my favorite song in the world. I love it so much I wanted to make my own version of it. And then 'Day 'N' Nite' came out of it." The song peaked at number 3 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. It was ranked number 8 on complex.com best songs of the decade. It was also was ranked number 15 on the Best 25 Songs of 2009 list by "Rolling Stone".
The song was remixed in June 2008, by Italian production duo Crookers, titled "Day 'n' Nite (Crookers Remix)" and was released as a single in the UK on January 12, 2009. The Crookers Remix was a commercial success, peaking at number 2 on the UK Singles Chart and entering within the top 20 in various European charts.
Release.
The single was released February 5, 2008, as a digital download. It was released prior to Kid Cudi's signing to the GOOD Music label. The song initially appeared on Cudi's first project, a mixtape titled "A Kid Named Cudi" (2008).
Italian DJ duo Crookers, remixed "Day n' Nite", with a digital release also through Fool's Gold Records. The remix received mass popularity throughout the European continent. It was song of the week on Belgian radio station Studio Brussel. A video was released for this version of the song that Cudi expressed displeasure with and it was released without his permission. He issued an explanation on his blog and asked that all bloggers remove the video from their blogs. The Crookers remix debuted at #2 in the United Kingdom, being beaten off the top spot by Lady Gaga's "Just Dance" having retained its position for 3 weeks. The Crookers remix is often played during his concerts, as a continuation of the original version. The remix won an award at the Beatport Music Awards of 2009 for 2007 tracks under the category "Best Indie Dance / Nu Disco track of 2007".
The original version peaked at number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the U.S. and reached number 15 on the Canadian Hot 100.
Music videos.
There were three music videos made for Day 'n' Nite. The first, a pop art style video, was directed by the French director So-Me who previously worked on music videos with a similar style such as Justice's "D.A.N.C.E." and Kanye West's "Good Life". The pop art music video was produced by Imetrages and also features a brief cameo appearance from Travis Barker. It features Cudi walking around Los Angeles doing a variety of mundane activities such as getting a slice of pizza, grocery shopping, or visiting a bar, but the overlay of graphic colors on top of the actual video disguises or transforms the daily scene into one of fantasy. These fantasized versions of reality reference the film "The Wizard of Oz" and later manifest Cudi's desire to perform music; ultimately they play on the song's theme of the "lonely stoner" whose quotidian existence transforms because of his ability to "free his mind." The video features interior and exterior shots of Los Angeles bar, The Smogcutter (located on Virgil) and the somewhat iconic video game arcade, "Family Arcade" (located on Vermont in Hollywood).
The second version was made specifically for The Crookers remix of the song. It showcases Cudi as an employee at a typical British corner shop called "Day 'n' Nite", with a reference that he smoked marijuana after his manager left him with the keys. Throughout the video, Cudi hallucinates, such as women taking off their clothes, or dancing for him. A minor joke in the beginning is the manager character mispronouncing the name Budi (Cudi's character). This may be a reference to the popular media confusion regarding the pronunciation of "Cudi", as many people pronounced it "Kid Cooty" when he first emerged. Curiously, all products are British and pricing on the shelves is in pounds Sterling but pricing on labels behind the till are in Dollars. The police woman is also in an American police uniform.
The music video ranked at number 10 on BET's "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009" countdown. It has received over 89 million views on YouTube.
The third video that was released (also for The Crookers remix) was actually shot before the others in 2008 by New York directing duo, BBGUN. The video was made before Cudi was signed with Universal Motown on a budget of $250. It was BBGUN's directorial debut and was premiered on Pitchfork on September 9, 2009.
Covers.
The song is featured in "Weird Al" Yankovic's new album "Alpocalypse" in his polka medley "Polka Face". "Day 'n' Nite" has been covered by alternative rock band Sugar Ray, live in concert and have recorded their version for RAWsession. Unofficial remixes were created by several rappers, including Jim Jones, Young Cash, Pitbull, Collie Buddz, Jermaine Dupri, Trey Songz, Styles P, Young Dro, Aidonia, K'naan, Chamillionaire, Chiddy Bang, Rusko and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20197958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197958" title="Slingsby T.21">
Slingsby T.21

The Slingsby T.21 is an open-cockpit, side-by-side two-seat glider, built by Slingsby Sailplanes Ltd and first flown in 1944. It was widely used by the RAF Air Cadets and by civilian gliding clubs, and is still a very popular machine.
Design and development.
The Type 21 prototype, the T.21P, first flew in 1944. It was of wooden construction covered with fabric, and was in most respects a scaled-up development of the single-seat German Grunau Baby, which Slingsby had built under licence before the war. The strut-braced wings had a span of 50 ft, and the upper decking section of the nose was removable, in order to expose the crew to the airflow in the same way as a primary glider. It was designed for use by the Air Training Corps, but was rejected by them and put into storage.
After the end of the war it was bought by the London Gliding Club, who found it very useful. Improvements were suggested, and the result was the T.21A, first flown in 1947, which had its wingspan increased to 54 ft, and dispensed with the removable nose section. Only one was built, but a slightly modified version, initially known as the T.28, was ordered by the Royal Air Force for Air Cadet training. This was the T.21B, which first flew in December 1947 and went into quantity production both for the RAF (named the Sedbergh TX.1 after the public school of that name) and for civilian clubs. Large numbers were exported to India, as well as to Egypt, Jordan, Kenya, Malaya, the Netherlands, Pakistan, Portugal, South Africa and Sweden.
Up to this time most training had been solo, on single-seat primary gliders, but the introduction of the T.21, together with its cousin, the tandem two-seat T.31, meant that virtually all initial training was being carried out in two-seaters by the early 1950s. The T.21 was popularly named "The Barge", after its boat-like hull and sedate flying qualities, while the T.31 was often referred to as "The Brick", again after its flying qualities.
Another one-off version was the T.21C, also known as the T.46, which flew in October 1957. The wings were lowered so they were placed either side of the upper fuselage, rather than on a pylon above the fuselage. This had the effect of increasing the span to 56 ft 6 in. It also had an enclosed cockpit and redesigned tail surfaces.
Approximately 226 T.21Bs were built, with production ending in 1966. This total included 19 built for the RAF by Martin Hearn Ltd. at Hooton Park in 1950, and about five built by clubs and individuals from kits or spares.
Operational history.
The RAF received 95 Sedberghs, and the type remained in service until the mid-1980s, when all their wooden gliders were replaced by Grob Vikings. By this time most of the civilian clubs no longer flew T.21s, but the RAF fleet was auctioned off, and the type gained a new popularity with groups seeking recreational flying, in Germany and the Netherlands as well as the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="20197962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197962" title="Carlin Act">
Carlin Act

The Carlin Act, sponsored by Rep. Charles Creighton Carlin (D) of Virginia, made larceny from Interstate Carriers a felony and a Federal crime.

</doc>
<doc id="20197976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197976" title="Krutje">
Krutje

Krutje is a municipality in the Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania. It is especially famous in Albania as the seat of the very first collective communist farm, the famous cooperatives. The municipality was especially prosperous during communism with its own volleyball team that used to win national championships and represent Albania in the world. It had its own bookshop and a big cinema. The big high school with more than 400 students and a big greenhouse are today in service, but less prominent and challenged by other developments in neighboring municipalities.

</doc>
<doc id="20197990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197990" title="Avoth Yeshurun">
Avoth Yeshurun

Avoth Yeshurun (Hebrew: אבות ישורון, born 1904; died 1992), also Avot Yeshurun, was the pen name of Yehiel Perlmutter, an acclaimed modern Hebrew poet.
Biography.
Avoth Yeshurun was born on Yom Kippur in 1904 in Niskhish, Ukraine. His father, Baruch, came from a family of flour mill owners. His mother, Ryckelle (Rachel) was of rabbinic descent. Yeshurun grew up speaking Yiddish. When he was five, his parents moved to Krasnystaw in East Poland. He left for the British Mandate of Palestine in 1925, against the will of his parents who preferred that he remain in Poland. Initially he worked in construction, dredged swamps and picked fruit; later he worked in a brick factory and for a printer. In 1929, he joined the Haganah, the Jewish militia that later became the Israeli Defense Force. In 1934 he married Pesyah Justman. Their daughter Helit was born in 1942. Yeshurun's family, along with Krasnystaw's 2,000 Jews, were murdered in Bełżec concentration camp in today's Poland.
Yeshurun's Poetry.
His first book, "Al khokhmot drakhim" ("On the wisdom of roads"), was published under his birthname, Yehiel Perlmutter. He changed his name to Avoth Yeshurun in 1948, the night before he was inducted into the Israel Defense Forces. In 1952 Yeshurun published a highly controversial poem, "Pesach al Kochim", in which he compared the tragedy of the Palestinian refugees with that of the Jewish Holocaust.
His subsequent books were "Re'em" (a combination of the Hebrew words for "Thunder" and "Antelope"), 1961, "Shloshim Amud" ("Thirty Pages"), 1965, "Ze Shem HaSefer" ("This is the Name of the Book"), 1971, "HaShever HaSuri-Afrika'i" ("The Syrian-African Rift"), 1974, "Kapella Kolot" ("A Capella of Voices"), 1977, "Sha'ar Knisa Sha'ar Yetzia" ("Entrance Gate Exit Gate"), 1981, "Homograph", 1985, "Adon Menucha" ("Mr. Rest"), 1990, and "Ein Li Achshav" ("I Have No Now"), 1992.
Many of Yeshurun's poems allude to the guilt he felt for having left Europe before the Holocaust, leaving his home and family behind. His poetry is known for its broken phrasing, and combines Yiddish, biblical and modern Hebrew, and slang used by various cultural groups in Israel, including phrases in Arabic, which he often uses ironically in criticism of the marginalization of Arabs and Arabic in Israeli culture. 
Avoth Yeshurun died in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20198003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198003" title="Gradishtë">
Gradishtë

Gradishtë is a municipality in the Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania.
The municipality comprises the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="20198004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198004" title="Sandeep Singh Brar">
Sandeep Singh Brar

Sandeep Singh Brar is an avid Sikh historian, Internet pioneer and photographer.
He is the creator of the world's first Sikh website, www.sikhs.org, which was launched in December 1994. In September 1995, The Sikhism Home Page was included into the Microsoft Encarta Encyclopedia, and continues to be one of the mostly highly referenced sources of information about the Sikh religion. He is also the first person to put the Sikh Scriptures on the Internet with the full English translation of The Guru Granth Sahib by Dr. Sant Singh Khalsa and first to put the Sikh Code of Conduct - The Sikh Rehat Maryada on the Internet.In addition to this site, Sandeep Singh Brar is also the creator of the SikhMuseum.com website, whose purpose is to preserve the heritage of the Sikh people in a way that is accessible to all.
In 2008, Sandeep Singh was responsible for uncovering the history and life of Private Buckam Singh, one of only a handful of Sikh soldiers that served in the Canadian military during World War I. It was the acquisition of a forgotten World War I medal that prompted Sandeep Singh to research its ownership, thus bringing to light the story of the brave Canadian Sikh. A ceremony was held at Buckam Singh's grave in Kitchener, Ontario on November 11 (Remembrance Day) to commemorate his service and life.
In addition to being a historian, Sandeep Singh is also a noted photographer whose works have been featured in a number of exhibits:
2006 Sept.-Jan 2007: Rubin Museum of Art, New York
I See No Stranger: Early Sikh Art and Devotion
Photographs incorporated as part of the exhibit
2004-2007: Smithsonian Institution, Washington D.C.
Sikhs: Legacy of the Punjab
Photographs incorporated as part of the exhibit
1999: Metro Toronto Convention Centre
Centennial Foundation Gala
Solo exhibit of photographs

</doc>
<doc id="20198013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198013" title="MAC Awards">
MAC Awards

The MAC Awards, established in 1986, are presented annually to honor achievements in cabaret, comedy and jazz. They are administered by the non-profit Manhattan Association of Cabarets & Clubs (MAC), founded in 1983, and voted on by the MAC membership.
The Awards encompass more than two dozen categories, such as: vocalists and vocal groups, piano bar and jazz performers, comedy and musical performers, writers of songs and special material, directors, musical directors, recordings, and musical revues. In addition, through special awards, MAC salutes outstanding contributions to the field of live entertainment, including Lifetime Achievement Awards. Honorees of the MAC Awards have included Liza Minnelli, Barry Manilow, Rosemary Clooney, Stephen Schwartz, The Manhattan Transfer, Keely Smith, Betty Buckley, Maureen McGovern and Polly Bergen.
Association.
The Manhattan Association of Cabarets & Clubs (MAC) itself was founded in 1983 as an organization "for cabaret owners, managers, and booking agents to meet and exchange ideas." Its membership was opened to performers in 1985. The Board of Directors began bestowing its MAC Awards in 1986 to those they deemed "had made a contribution to live entertainment, whether a business person, local performer, dedicated critic, or cabaret luminary." Currently, the Awards are voted on by the MAC membership and honor cabaret, comedy, and jazz performers, as well as behind- the-scenes professionals.
Curt Davis was the first president of MAC. After his death he was succeeded by Erv Raible, co-owner of several New York piano bars and cabarets. Other MAC presidents have included Jamie deRoy, Michael Estwanick, Barry Levitt, Judy Barnett, Scott Barbarino and Ricky Ritzel. The Association's current president is Lennie Watts, appointed in 2009. A 501C6 trade organization with a dues-paying membership, MAC differs from a 501C3-designated organization in that contributions to it are not tax deductible. According to the organization's website, "MAC’s mission is to advance the art and business of live entertainment ... its activities are designed to heighten public awareness of the field’s contributions and vitality, to honor its creativity, to build its current and future audiences, and to speak out as an influential voice on behalf of MAC members and the industry at large."

</doc>
<doc id="20198016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198016" title="Dalğalı, Khachmaz">
Dalğalı, Khachmaz

Dalğalı is a village in the municipality of Nabran in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20198023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198023" title="Günəşli, Khachmaz">
Günəşli, Khachmaz

Günəşli is a village in the municipality of Nabran in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20198027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198027" title="Samurçay">
Samurçay

Samurçay (also, Samurçay) is a village in the municipality of Nabran in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20198033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198033" title="Sahillər">
Sahillər

Sahillər is a village in the municipality of Seyidlikəndyeri in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20198042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198042" title="Femina Cup (Aviation)">
Femina Cup (Aviation)

The Coupe Femina was an award of 2000 francs established in 1910 by Pierre Lafitte the publisher of French women's magazine "Femina" to honour women pilots. It was a French challenge opened to Aviatrices only. It was awarded to the woman who, by sunset on 31 December each year, had made the longest flight, in time and distance, without landing. It is often difficult to determine who the official winner was, since each temporary leader (e.g. Marie Marvingt in 1910) was referred to in several contemporary records as having "won" the cup, only to be superseded by the next temporary record. Thus, in various documents, there are several "winners" recorded for each year, but the formal winners were announced in Femina Magazine. It was first formally awarded to Belgian pilot Hélène Dutrieu on 31 December 1910 for her record-breaking non-stop flight. She won it again for the second time in 1911. 
NOTE: There was also a "Coupe Femina" for Women's Golf, in this same time period.
Winners of the Coupe Femina.
There was no Coupe Femina Competition in 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="20198043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198043" title="Xəzərli">
Xəzərli

Xəzərli is a village in the municipality of Uzunoba in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20198054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198054" title="Sibiroba">
Sibiroba

Sibiroba is a village in the municipality of Bostançı in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20198060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198060" title="Rremas">
Rremas

Rremas is a town Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania. The town is also the seat of the Rremas municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="20198063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198063" title="Hacıisaoba">
Hacıisaoba

Hacıisaoba is a village in the municipality of Qadaşoba in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20198066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198066" title="Apti Bisultanov">
Apti Bisultanov

Apti Bisultanov (born 1953 in Goychu) is a prominent poet of the Chechen Republic. Apti Bisultanov studied philology and worked as a senior lecturer, an editor, a publisher, the Vice-Premier. He was also a guerrilla fighter. For the poem «In Hajbahe written», devoted to victims of Stalin deportation of Chechens, he received the National award (1992). Since 2002 Apti Bisultanov lives in Berlin. He took part in the International literary festival, and receiver a scholarship of Fund of Culture. In 2003 in Rotterdam he received "Award of fund Poets of all Nations" and "N (o) Vib-Verlag".

</doc>
<doc id="20198076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198076" title="Müşviq">
Müşviq

Müşviq (known as Zaliyevka until 1999)

</doc>
<doc id="20198095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198095" title="Qaracıq">
Qaracıq

Qaracıq (also, Qaracık and Qaracek) is a village in the municipality of Qaracik Zeyid in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20198100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198100" title="Mehrəlliqışlaq">
Mehrəlliqışlaq

Mehrəlliqışlaq is a village in the municipality of Canaxır in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20198103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198103" title="Joe T. May">
Joe T. May

Joe Turner May (born June 8, 1937) is an American businessman, electrical engineer, inventor, and politician. In 1977, May founded EIT, a Sterling-based electronics manufacturer. May holds over twenty patents in the fields of electrical and electronic engineering. Between 1994 and 2014, he served in the Virginia House of Delegates, representing the 33rd district. The district is composed of the Clarke, Frederick and Loudoun counties. May a self described moderate, was a member of the Republican Party caucus.
During his time in the House of Delegates, May was co-chair of the Science and Technology committee between 1998–2001, and chair between 2002–2007. 
In June 2013, Dave LaRock - a member of the Tea Party - defeated May in the 33rd district Republican primary. In December 2013, May announced his candidacy in a special election to succeed Democratic Attorney General-elect Mark Herring, in the Virginia State Senate. After the Republican Party decided to choose its candidate through a "mass meeting" instead of a primary, May declared he would run as an independent. May was endorsed by both the conservative-leaning National Federation of Independent Business and the centralist Independent Green Party. On election day, May garnered 10% of the vote, while the Democratic and Republican candidates received 53% and 38%, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20198105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198105" title="Qoçaqqazma">
Qoçaqqazma

Qoçaqqazma is a village in the municipality of Pirquluoba in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20198106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198106" title="Yeni Sudur">
Yeni Sudur

Yeni Sudur is a village in the municipality of Pirquluoba in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20198109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198109" title="Símun">
Símun

Símun (or Simon), was, around the year 1350, head of state of the Faroe Islands

</doc>
<doc id="20198133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198133" title="Cenere">
Cenere

Cenere is a 1916 silent film directed by and starring Febo Mari. It is adapted from the 1904 novel by the Nobel Prize-winning Sardinian writer Grazia Deledda. It is notable as the only film performance by of the Italian theater star Eleonora Duse. 
Plot.
Rosalia Derios is an unmarried woman in a small Sardinian village whose lover abandons her before the birth of their son, whom she names Anania. Realizing that she will not be able to properly raise the child, she gives full possession of Anania to her one-time lover. However, she entrusts the boy with a sacred amulet before he leaves. Anania grows to adult and retains possession of the amulet, but he is haunted by his mother’s absence and tries to locate her. He pushes aside career prospects and cancels his plans for marriage to pursue his search for Rosalia. Anania proves successful and locates his mother. But Rosalia cannot take shock of being reunited with her adult son and kills herself. 
Production.
When Eleonora Duse was approached in 1916 to appear in a film adaptation of "Cenere", she had been absent from performing on stage for seven years. Duse expressed deep respect for the source material and its potential as a film. She later explained her return to acting in this production by stating: “I have been persuaded to create the character of Rosalia Derios, from the novel by Grazia Deledda, because it seemed to me that in the sorrowful figure of the mother, all sacrifice for her son, a figure moving in an austere and solemn landscape, would assume the total and clear plastic and spiritual significance that the silent theater must force itself to realize.” 
Duse co-wrote the screenplay for "Cenere" with Febo Mari, her director and co-star. The film was shot over a four-month period on locations across Sardinia.
Duse initially had hopes for "Cenere" to open a new career in film acting. But upon seeing the finished film, she was disappointed in both the production and her performance. "I made the same mistake that nearly everyone has made," she said after viewing herself on screen. "But something quite different is needed. I am too old for it. Isn't it a pity?" Duse would later write to the French singer Yvette Guilbert with the request not to see “that stupid thing, because you’ll find nothing, or almost nothing, of me in that film.”

</doc>
<doc id="20198148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198148" title="Dagfinnur Halvdanarson">
Dagfinnur Halvdanarson

Dagfinnur Halvdanarson (or Dagfinn Halfdansson), was, around the year 1400, First Minister of the Faroe Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20198164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198164" title="2008–09 Texas Longhorns men's basketball team">
2008–09 Texas Longhorns men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Texas Longhorns men's basketball team will represent the University of Texas in the 2008-09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Head Coach is Rick Barnes, who will be serving his 11th year. The team will be playing its home games in the Frank Erwin Center in Austin, TX. They are a 7th seed in the East Region (in the 2009 NCAA playoffs) and are paired (in the first round) against Minnesota.
Schedule.
!colspan=8| Regular season
!colspan=8| Postseason

</doc>
<doc id="20198170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198170" title="Haraldur Kálvsson">
Haraldur Kálvsson

Haraldur Kálvsson (or Harald Kalvsson), was, from the year 1412, First Minister of the Faroe Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20198209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198209" title="Diego Cánepa (politician)">
Diego Cánepa (politician)

Biography.
Cánepa’s political activity began at the university students’ union. He was a member of the political governing body of the Federation of University Students of Uruguay (FEUU) between 1992 and 1997.
He was a member of the political party "Partido por el Gobierno del Pueblo" (PGP) and a representative of "Juventud 99" at the International Union of Socialist Youth (IUSY) until 1994. In 1994, once the Nuevo Espacio party had been created, he became its first representative at IUSY.
Elected in 2004 as a National Representative for the Department of Montevideo. In Parliament he is a member of the Committee for Constitutional, Legal, Code and General Administration matters, of the Special Committee for Research, Innovation, Science and Technology, and the Committees for Foreign Affairs; Education and Culture; Industry, Energy and Mining; and for Dwelling, Territory and Environmental matters of the Chamber of Representatives. 
He was the General Coordinator of the Parliamentary Caucus of the Government party for the 2008-2009 period.
He was a member of the Mercosur Parliamentary Joint Committee until 2006 and upon the inauguration of the Mercosur Parliament; he became member of Mercosur Parliamentarian.
In 2008 he was elected Chairman of the standing Committee for Human Rights and Democracy of the Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU).

</doc>
<doc id="20198212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198212" title="Roald (Løgmaður)">
Roald (Løgmaður)

Roald was, around the year 1450, First Minister of the Faroe Islands.
Little is known about Roald, apart from that he had a farm in Dalur, and that he originated from Shetland.
In G.V.C. Young's textbook, "Færøerne – fra vikingetiden til reformationen", Roald is not named. However, in the Lagting's official list of First Ministers, he is included.

</doc>
<doc id="20198216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198216" title="Manthey">
Manthey

Manthey, Mantey, or Mantei may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20198225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198225" title="Jefferson Smith (politician)">
Jefferson Smith (politician)

Jefferson Smith (born June 29, 1973) is an Oregon Democratic politician, founder of the Bus Project and a former member of the Oregon House of Representatives, representing District 47 in east Portland, having been elected in 2008. He was a candidate for Mayor of Portland in 2012, being one of two candidates to advance beyond the primary election, but lost to Charlie Hales in the November general election. He served in the 2012 Legislative session, but to facilitate his run for mayor he did not run for reelection to the House and he vacated his seat in the Legislature after serving four years.
Early life and career.
Smith was born in Portland in 1973 to attorney and former Umatilla County district attorney R. P. Joe Smith and family therapist Suzanne Peck. He was named for U.S. President Thomas Jefferson. He is a great-great-great grandnephew of Joseph Smith, founder of Mormonism. His parents split before his second birthday, and he moved with his mother to South Pasadena, California. He returned to Portland during his seventh-grade year, and later became class president at Grant High School. His mother died of breast cancer when Smith was a teenager.
Smith earned a bachelor's degree in political science from the University of Oregon, where he was a member of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity. At his father's insistence, he took a year off during college, serving as a youth counselor in Lane County and then running youth sports programs in Washington, D.C. Smith went on to earn a law degree from Harvard Law School, where he finished in the top five percent in his class.
Following law school, Smith took a job at the New York City law firm Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz. His second day on the job, he was asked to take a case defending tobacco companies. He declined, and returned to Oregon. He took a job with Stoel Rives, but became motivated to establish an organization dedicated to engaging young people with progressive politics. He soon left the law firm, founding the Bus Project in 2001.
Political career.
In 2008, Smith was elected with no opposition to the Oregon House of Representatives representing House District 47. The seat had been vacated by Jeff Merkley, who was running for the United States Senate.
In the Legislature, Smith collaborated with representatives from rural Eastern Oregon to develop a statewide water strategy. He co-led the initiative called "Cool Schools" to create jobs by helping Oregon public schools begin retrofitting for energy savings. Smith co-led the legislature's budget transparency initiative to put Oregon government spending information online, and carried a bill to reduce the ratio of middle managers to line employees in state government. Smith also co-led the initiative to create online voter registration in Oregon, and carried a bill in the Legislature to allow trafficked minors to expunge their prostitution convictions upon reaching age 21 if they have had no other trouble with the law.
In April 2011, Smith released the results of a video he compiled of Oregon state representatives reciting the lyrics of Rick Astley's 1980s pop hit "Never Gonna Give You Up".
In September 2011, he announced he would run for Mayor of Portland in 2012. In the May 2012 primary election, Smith defeated most other candidates to become one of the two candidates advancing to the November general election. He received 32.9% of the vote in the primary, while Charlie Hales received 37.2%. In the general election, closing on November 6, 2012, Smith received approximately 31.3% of the vote and was defeated by Hales, who received 61.2%.
Smith served in the 2012 Legislative session, but to facilitate his run for mayor he did not run for reelection to the House and vacated his seat in the Legislature after serving four years.
Personal.
Smith is married to Katy Lesowski, also a Portland native and a co-founder of the Bus Project. His stepmother, Meredith Wood Smith, is former chair of the Oregon Democratic Party.
1993 fraternity party incident.
In 1993, Jefferson Smith was involved in an incident at a fraternity party. A young woman mistakenly believed that Smith had tipped over the sofa she was sleeping on. When she awakened she angrily attempted to strike Smith and in the ensuing confusion Smith struck her face with his hand, as a result of which she received stitches. Smith paid the woman's hospital bill and agreed to a diversion agreement.
Smith threw a punch at another player while participating in a pick-up game of basketball at the now-closed Harriet Tubman Leadership Academy for Young Women. Smith said that a player threw him to the ground and denies punching the player in the groin. Instead, he said he hit his thigh.

</doc>
<doc id="20198234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198234" title="Sir Henry at Rawlinson End">
Sir Henry at Rawlinson End

Sir Henry at Rawlinson End may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20198238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198238" title="First Persian invasion of Greece">
First Persian invasion of Greece

The first Persian invasion of Greece, during the Persian Wars, began in 492 BCE, and ended with the decisive Athenian victory at the Battle of Marathon in 490 BCE. The invasion, consisting of two distinct campaigns, was ordered by the Persian king Darius I primarily in order to punish the city-states of Athens and Eretria. These cities had supported the cities of Ionia during their revolt against Persian rule, thus incurring the wrath of Darius. Darius also saw the opportunity to extend his empire into Europe, and to secure its western frontier.
The first campaign in 492 BCE, led by Mardonius, re-subjugated Thrace and forced Macedon to become a client kingdom of Persia. However, further progress was prevented when Mardonius's fleet was wrecked in a storm off the coast of Mount Athos. The following year, having demonstrated his intentions, Darius sent ambassadors to all parts of Greece, demanding their submission. He received it from almost all of them, except Athens and Sparta, both of whom executed the ambassadors. With Athens still defiant, and Sparta now effectively at war with him, Darius ordered a further military campaign for the following year.
The second campaign, in 490 BCE, was under the command of Datis and Artaphernes. The expedition headed first to the island Naxos, which it captured and burnt. It then island-hopped between the rest of the Cycladic Islands, annexing each into the Persian empire. Reaching Greece, the expedition landed at Eretria, which it besieged, and after a brief time, captured. Eretria was razed and its citizens enslaved. Finally, the task force headed to Attica, landing at Marathon, en route for Athens. There, it was met by a smaller Athenian army, which nevertheless proceeded to win a remarkable victory at the Battle of Marathon. 
This defeat prevented the successful conclusion of the campaign, and the task force returned to Asia. Nevertheless, the expedition had fulfilled most of its aims, punishing Naxos and Eretria, and bringing much of the Aegean under Persian rule. The unfinished business from this campaign led Darius to prepare for a much larger invasion of Greece, to firmly subjugate it, and to punish Athens and Sparta. However, internal strife within the empire delayed this expedition, and Darius then died of old age. It was thus left to his son Xerxes I to lead the second Persian invasion of Greece, beginning in 480 BCE
Sources.
The main source for the Greco-Persian Wars is the Greek historian Herodotus. Herodotus, who has been called the 'Father of History', was born in 484 BCE in Halicarnassus, Asia Minor (then under Persian overlordship). He wrote his 'Enquiries' (Greek—"Historia"; English—"(The) Histories") around 440–430 BCE, trying to trace the origins of the Greco-Persian Wars, which would still have been relatively recent history (the wars finally ending in 450 BCE). Herodotus's approach was entirely novel, and at least in Western society, he does seem to have invented 'history' as we know it. As Holland has it: "For the first time, a chronicler set himself to trace the origins of a conflict not to a past so remote so as to be utterly fabulous, nor to the whims and wishes of some god, nor to a people's claim to manifest destiny, but rather explanations he could verify personally."
Some subsequent ancient historians, despite following in his footsteps, criticised Herodotus, starting with Thucydides. Nevertheless, Thucydides chose to begin his history where Herodotus left off (at the Siege of Sestos), and therefore evidently felt that Herodotus's history was accurate enough not to need re-writing or correcting. Plutarch criticised Herodotus in his essay "On The Malignity of Herodotus", describing Herodotus as ""Philobarbaros"" (barbarian-lover), for not being pro-Greek enough, which suggests that Herodotus might actually have done a reasonable job of being even-handed. A negative view of Herodotus was passed on to Renaissance Europe, though he remained well read. However, since the 19th century his reputation has been dramatically rehabilitated by archaeological finds which have repeatedly confirmed his version of events. The prevailing modern view is that Herodotus generally did a remarkable job in his "Historia", but that some of his specific details (particularly troop numbers and dates) should be viewed with skepticism. Nevertheless, there are still some historians who believe Herodotus made up much of his story.
The Sicilian historian Diodorus Siculus, writing in the 1st century BCE in his "Bibliotheca Historica", also provides an account of the Greco-Persian wars, partially derived from the earlier Greek historian Ephorus. This account is fairly consistent with Herodotus's. The Greco-Persian wars are also described in less detail by a number of other ancient historians including Plutarch, Ctesias of Cnidus, and are alluded by other authors, such as the playwright Aeschylus. Archaeological evidence, such as the Serpent Column, also supports some of Herodotus's specific claims.
Background.
The first Persian invasion of Greece had its immediate roots in the Ionian Revolt, the earliest phase of the Greco-Persian Wars. However, it was also the result of the longer-term interaction between the Greeks and Persians. In 500 BCE the Persian Empire was still relatively young and highly expansionistic, but prone to revolts amongst its subject peoples. Moreover, the Persian king Darius was a usurper, and had spent considerable time extinguishing revolts against his rule. Even before the Ionian Revolt, Darius had begun to expand the Empire into Europe, subjugating Thrace, and forcing Macedon to become allied to Persia. Attempts at further expansion into the politically fractious world of Ancient Greece may have been inevitable. However, the Ionian Revolt had directly threatened the integrity of the Persian empire, and the states of mainland Greece remained a potential menace to its future stability. Darius thus resolved to subjugate and pacify Greece and the Aegean, and to punish those involved in the Ionian Revolt.
The Ionian revolt had begun with an unsuccessful expedition against Naxos, a joint venture between the Persian satrap Artaphernes and the Miletus tyrant Aristagoras. In the aftermath, Artaphernes decided to remove Aristagoras from power, but before he could do so, Aristagoras abdicated, and declared Miletus a democracy. The other Ionian cities, ripe for rebellion, followed suit, ejecting their Persian-appointed tyrants, and declaring themselves democracies. Artistagoras then appealed to the states of Mainland Greece for support, but only Athens and Eretria offered to send troops. 
The involvement of Athens in the Ionian Revolt arose from a complex set of circumstances, beginning with the establishment of the Athenian Democracy in the late 6th century BCE
In 510 BCE, with the aid of Cleomenes I, King of Sparta, the Athenian people had expelled Hippias, the tyrant ruler of Athens. With Hippias's father Peisistratus, the family had ruled for 36 out of the previous 50 years and fully intended to continue Hippias's rule. Hippias fled to Sardis to the court of the Persian satrap, Artaphernes and promised control of Athens to the Persians if they were to help restore him. In the meantime, Cleomenes helped install a pro-Spartan tyranny under Isagoras in Athens, in opposition to Cleisthenes, the leader of the traditionally powerful Alcmaeonidae family, who considered themselves the natural heirs to the rule of Athens. In a daring response, Cleisthenes proposed to the Athenian people that he would establish a 'democracy' in Athens, much to the horror of the rest of the aristocracy. Cleisthenes's reasons for suggesting such a radical course of action, which would remove much of his own family's power, are unclear; perhaps he perceived that days of aristocratic rule were coming to an end anyway; certainly he wished to prevent Athens becoming a puppet of Sparta by whatever means necessary. However, as a result of this proposal, Cleisthenes and his family were exiled from Athens, in addition to other dissenting elements, by Isagoras. Having been promised democracy however, the Athenian people seized the moment and revolted, expelling Cleomenes and Isagoras. Cleisthenes was thus restored to Athens (507 BCE), and at breakneck speed began to establish democratic government. The establishment of democracy revolutionised Athens, which henceforth became one of the leading cities in Greece. The new-found freedom and self-governance of the Athenians meant that they were thereafter exceptionally hostile to the return of the tyranny of Hippias, or any form of outside subjugation; by Sparta, Persia or anyone else. 
Cleomenes, unsurprisingly, was not pleased with events, and marched on Athens with the Spartan army. Cleomenes's attempts to restore Isagoras to Athens ended in a debacle, but fearing the worst, the Athenians had by this point already sent an embassy to Artaphernes in Sardis, to request aid from the Persian Empire. Artaphernes requested that the Athenians give him a 'earth and water', a traditional token of submission, which the Athenian ambassadors acquiesced to. However, they were severely censured for this when they returned to Athens. At some point later Cleomenes instigated a plot to restore Hippias to the rule of Athens. This failed and Hippias again fled to Sardis and tried to persuade the Persians to subjugate Athens. The Athenians dispatched ambassadors to Artaphernes to dissuade him from taking action, but Artaphernes merely instructed the Athenians to take Hippias back as tyrant. Needless to say, the Athenians balked at this, and resolved instead to be openly at war with Persia. Having thus become the enemy of Persia, Athens was already in a position to support the Ionian cities when they began their revolt. The fact that the Ionian democracies were inspired by the example of Athens no doubt further persuaded the Athenians to support the Ionian Revolt; especially since the cities of Ionia were (supposedly) originally Athenian colonies. 
The city of Eretria also sent assistance to the Ionians for reasons that are not completely clear. Possibly commercial reasons were a factor; Eretria was a mercantile city, whose trade was threatened by Persian dominance of the Aegean. Herodotus suggests that the Eretrians supported the revolt in order to repay the support the Milesians had given Eretria in a past war against Chalcis.
The Athenians and Eretrians sent a task force of 25 triremes to Asia Minor. Whilst there, the Greek army surprised and outmaneuvered Artaphernes, marching to Sardis and there burning the lower city. However, this was as much as the Greeks achieved, and they were then pursued back to the coast by Persian horsemen, losing many men in the process. Despite the fact their actions were ultimately fruitless, the Eretrians and in particular the Athenians had earned Darius's lasting enmity, and he vowed to punish both cities. The Persian naval victory at the Battle of Lade (494 BCE) all but ended the Ionian Revolt, and by 493 BCE, the last hold-outs were vanquished by the Persian fleet. The revolt was used as an opportunity by Darius to extend the empire's border to the islands of the East Aegean and the Propontis, which had not been part of the Persian dominions before. The completion of the pacification of Ionia allowed the Persians to begin planning their next moves; to extinguish the threat to the empire from Greece, and to punish Athens and Eretria.
492 BCE: Mardonius's Campaign.
In the spring of 492 BCE an expeditionary force, to be commanded by Darius's son-in-law Mardonius was assembled, consisting of a fleet and a land army. Whilst the ultimate aim was to punish Athens and Eretria, the expedition also aimed to subdue as many of the Greek cities as possible. Departing from Cilicia, Mardonius sent the army to march to the Hellespont, whilst he travelled with the fleet. He sailed round the coast of Asia Minor to Ionia, where he spent a short time abolishing the tyrannies that ruled the cities of Ionia. Ironically, since the establishment of democracies had been a key factor in the Ionian Revolt, he replaced the tyrannies with democracies. 
From thence the fleet continued on to the Hellespont, and when all was ready, shipped the land forces across to Europe. The army then marched through Thrace, re-subjugating it, since these lands had already been added to the Persian empire in 512 BCE, during Darius's campaign against the Scythians. Upon reaching Macedon, the Persians forced the Macedonians to become a client kingdom of the Persians; before they had been allied to, but independent of the Persians. 
Meanwhile, the fleet crossed to Thassos, resulting in the Thasians submitting to the Persians. The fleet then rounded the coastline as far as Acanthus in Chalcidice, before attempting to round the headland of Mount Athos. However, they were caught in a violent storm, which drove them against the coastline of Athos, wrecking (according to Herodotus) 300 ships, with the loss of 20,000 men. 
Then, whilst the army was camped in Macedon, the Brygians, a local Thracian tribe, launched a night raid against the Persian camp, killing many of the Persians, and wounding Mardonius. Despite his injury, Mardonius made sure that the Brygians were defeated and subjugated, before leading his army back to the Hellespont; the remnants of the navy also retreated to Asia. Although this campaign ended ingloriously, the land approaches to Greece had been secured, and the Greeks had no doubt been made aware of Darius's intentions for them.
491 BCE: Diplomacy.
Perhaps reasoning that the expedition of the previous year may have made his plans for Greece obvious, and weakened the resolve of the Greek cities, Darius turned to diplomacy in 491 BCE He sent ambassadors to all the Greek city states, asking for "earth and water", a traditional token of submission. The vast majority of cities did as asked, fearing the wrath of Darius. In Athens, however, the ambassadors were put on trial and then executed; in Sparta, they were simply thrown down a well. This firmly and finally drew the battle-lines for the coming conflict; Sparta and Athens, despite their recent enmity, would together fight the Persians.
However, Sparta was then thrown into disarray by internal machinations. The citizens of Aegina had submitted to the Persian ambassadors, and the Athenians, troubled by the possibility of Persia using Aegina as a naval base, asked Sparta to intervene. Cleomenes travelled to Aegina to confront the Aeginetans personally, but they appealed to Cleomenes's fellow king Demaratus, who supported their stance. Cleomenes responded by having Demaratus declared illegitimate, with the help of the priests at Delphi (whom he bribed); Demaratus was replaced by his cousin Leotychides. Now faced with two Spartan kings, the Aeginetans capitulated, and handed over hostages to the Athenians as a guarantee of their good behaviour. However, in Sparta news emerged of the bribes Cleomenes had given at Delphi, and he was expelled from the city. He then sought to rally the northern Peloponnesus to his cause, at which the Spartans relented, and invited him back to the city. By 491 BCE though, Cleomenes was widely considered insane and was sentenced to prison where he was found dead the following day. Cleomenes was succeeded by his half-brother Leonidas I.
490 BCE: Datis and Artaphernes' Campaign.
Taking advantage of the chaos in Sparta, which effectively left Athens isolated, Darius decided to launch an amphibious expedition to finally punish Athens and Eretria. An army was assembled in Susa, and marched into Cilicia, where a fleet had been gathered. Command of the expedition was given to Datis the Mede and Artaphernes, son of the satrap Artaphernes.
Size of the Persian force.
According to Herodotus, the fleet sent by Darius consisted of 600 triremes. There is no indication in the historical sources of how many transport ships accompanied them, if any. Herodotus claimed that 3,000 transport ships accompanied 1,207 triremes during Xerxes's invasion in 480 BCE. Amongst modern historians, some have accepted this number of ships as reasonable; it has been suggested either that the number 600 represents the combined number of triremes and transport ships, or that there were horse transports in addition to 600 triremes.
Herodotus does not estimate the size of the Persian army, only saying that they formed a "large infantry that was well packed". Among other ancient sources, the poet Simonides, a near-contemporary, says the campaign force numbered 200,000, while a later writer, the Roman Cornelius Nepos estimates 200,000 infantry and 10,000 cavalry. Plutarch and Pausanias both independently give 300,000, as does the Suda dictionary; Plato and Lysias assert 500,000; and Justin 600,000.
Modern historians generally dismiss these numbers as exaggerations. One approach to estimate the number of troops is to calculate the number of marines carried by 600 triremes. Herodotus tells us that each trireme in the second invasion of Greece carried 30 extra marines, in addition to a probable 14 standard marines. Thus, 600 triremes could easily have carried 18,000–26,000 infantry. Numbers proposed for the Persian infantry are in the range 18,000–100,000. However, the consensus is around 25,000.
The Persian infantry used in the invasion was probably a heterogeneous group drawn from across the empire. However, according to Herodotus, there was at least a general conformity in the type of armour and style of fighting. The troops were, generally speaking, armed with a bow, 'short spear' and sword, carried a wicker shield, and wore at most a leather jerkin. The one exception to this may have been the ethnic Persian troops, who may have worn a corslet of scaled armour. Some of contingents would have been armed somewhat differently; for instance, the Saka were renowned axemen. The 'elite' contingents of the Persian infantry seem to have been the ethnic Persians, Medians, Cissians and the Saka; Herodotus specifically mentions the presence of Persians and Saka at Marathon. The style of fighting used by the Persians was probably to stand off from an enemy, using their bows (or equivalent) to wear down the enemy before closing in to deliver the "coup de grace" with spear and sword.
Estimates for the cavalry are usually in the 1,000–3,000 range. The Persian cavalry was usually provided by the ethnic Persians, Bactrians, Medes, Cissians and Saka; most of these probably fought as lightly armed missile cavalry. The fleet must have had at least some proportion of transport ships, since the cavalry was carried by ship; whilst Herodotus claims the cavalry was carried in the triremes, this is improbable. Lazenby estimates 30–40 transport ships would be required to carry 1,000 cavalry.
Lindos.
Once assembled, the Persian force sailed from Cilicia firstly to the island of Rhodes. A Lindian Temple Chronicle records that Datis besieged the city of Lindos, but was unsuccessful.
Naxos.
The fleet then moved north along the Ionian coast towards Samos, before abruptly turning west into the Aegean Sea. The fleet sailed next to Naxos, in order to punish the Naxians for their resistance to the failed expedition that the Persians had mounted there a decade earlier. Many of the inhabitants fled to the mountains; those that the Persians caught were enslaved. The Persians then burnt the city and temples of the Naxians.
The Cyclades.
Moving on, the Persian fleet approached Delos, whereupon the Delians also fled from their homes. Having demonstrated Persian power at Naxos, Datis now intended to show clemency to the other islands, if they submitted to him. He sent a herald to the Delians, proclaiming: ""Holy men, why have you fled away, and so misjudged my intent? It is my own desire, and the king's command to me, to do no harm to the land where the two gods were born, neither to the land itself nor to its inhabitants. So return now to your homes and dwell on your island."" Datis then burned 300 talents of frankincense on the altar of Apollo on Delos, to show his respect for one of the gods of the island. The fleet then proceeded to island-hop across the rest of Aegean on its way to Eretria, taking hostages and troops from each island.
Karystos.
The Persians finally arrived off the southern tip of Euboea, at Karystos. The citizens of Karystos refused to give hostages to the Persians, so they were besieged, and their land ravaged, until they submitted to the Persians.
Siege of Eretria.
The task force then sailed around Euboea to the first major target, Eretria. According to Herodotus, the Eretrians were divided amongst themselves as to the best course of action; whether to flee to the highlands, or undergo a siege, or to submit to the Persians. In the event, the majority decision was to remain in the city. The Eretrians made no attempt to stop the Persians landing, or advancing, and thus allowed themselves to be besieged. For six days the Persians attacked the walls, with losses on both sides; however, on the seventh day two reputable Eretrians opened the gates and betrayed the city to the Persians. The city was razed, and temples and shrines were looted and burned. Furthermore, according to Darius's commands, the Persians enslaved all the remaining townspeople.
Battle of Marathon.
The Persian fleet next headed south down the coast of Attica, landing at the bay of Marathon, roughly from Athens, on the advice of Hippias, son of the former tyrant of Athens Peisistratus. The Athenians, joined by a small force from Plataea, marched to Marathon, and succeeded in blocking the two exits from the plain of Marathon. At the same time, Athens' greatest runner, Pheidippides (or Philippides) was sent to Sparta to request that the Spartan army march to Athens' aid. Pheidippides arrived during the festival of "Carneia", a sacrosanct period of peace, and was informed that the Spartan army could not march to war until the full moon rose; Athens could not expect reinforcement for at least ten days. They decided to hold out at Marathon for the time being, and they were reinforced by a contingent of hoplites from Plataea.
Stalemate ensued for five days, before the Athenians (for reasons that are not completely clear) decided to attack the Persians. Despite the numerical advantage of the Persians, the hoplites proved devastatingly effective, routing the Persians wings before turning in on the centre of the Persian line; the remnants of the Persian army left the battle and fled to their ships. Herodotus records that 6,400 Persian bodies were counted on the battlefield; the Athenians lost just 192 men and the Plataeans 11.
In the immediate aftermath of the battle, Herodotus says that the Persian fleet sailed around Cape Sunium to attack Athens directly, although some modern historians place this attempt just before the battle. Either way, the Athenians evidently realised that their city was still under threat, and marched as quickly as possible back to Athens. The Athenians arrived in time to prevent the Persians from securing a landing, and seeing that the opportunity was lost, the Persians turned about and returned to Asia. On the next day, the Spartan army arrived, having covered the in only three days. The Spartans toured the battlefield at Marathon, and agreed that the Athenians had won a great victory.
Aftermath.
The defeat at Marathon ended for the time being the Persian invasion of Greece. However, Thrace and the Cycladic islands had been absorbed into the Persian empire, and Macedon reduced to a Persian vassal. Darius was still fully intent on conquering Greece, to secure the western part of his empire. Moreover, Athens remained unpunished for its role in the Ionian Revolt, and both Athens and Sparta were unpunished for their treatment of the Persian ambassadors.
Darius therefore began raising a huge new army with which he meant to completely subjugate Greece; however, in 486 BCE, his Egyptian subjects revolted, indefinitely postponing any Greek expedition. Darius then died whilst preparing to march on Egypt, and the throne of Persia passed to his son Xerxes I. Xerxes crushed the Egyptian revolt, and very quickly restarted the preparations for the invasion of Greece. This expedition was finally ready by 480 BCE, and the second Persian invasion of Greece thereby began, under the command of Xerxes himself.
Significance.
For the Persians, the two expeditions to Greece had been largely successful; new territories had been added to their empire and Eretria had been punished. It was only a minor setback that the invasion had met defeat at Marathon; that defeat barely dented the enormous resources of the Persian empire. Yet, for the Greeks, it was an enormously significant victory. It was the first time that Greeks had beaten the Persians, and showed them that the Persians were not invincible, and that resistance, rather than subjugation, was possible.
The victory at Marathon was a defining moment for the young Athenian democracy, showing what might be achieved through unity and self-belief; indeed, the battle effectively marks the start of a 'golden age' for Athens. This was also applicable to Greece as a whole; "their victory endowed the Greeks with a faith in their destiny that was to endure for three centuries, during which western culture was born". John Stuart Mill's famous opinion was that "the Battle of Marathon, even as an event in British history, is more important than the Battle of Hastings". 
Militarily, a major lesson for the Greeks was the potential of the hoplite phalanx. This style had developed during internecine warfare amongst the Greeks; since each city-state fought in the same way, the advantages and disadvantages of the hoplite phalanx had not been obvious. Marathon was the first time a phalanx faced more lightly armed troops, and revealed how devastating the hoplites could be in battle. The phalanx formation was still vulnerable to cavalry (the cause of much caution by the Greek forces at the Battle of Plataea), but used in the right circumstances, it was now shown to be a potentially devastating weapon. The Persians seem to have more-or-less disregarded the military lessons of Marathon. The composition of infantry for the second invasion seems to have been the same as during the first, despite the availability of hoplites and other heavy infantry in Persian-ruled lands. Having won battles against hoplites previously, the Persians may simply have regarded Marathon as an aberration.

</doc>
<doc id="20198248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198248" title="International Circus Festival of Monte-Carlo">
International Circus Festival of Monte-Carlo

The International Circus Festival of Monte-Carlo, known as "Festival International du Cirque de Monte-Carlo" in French, is an annual festival held since 1974 in Monte Carlo, Monaco. 
The festival includes the awarding of the "Clown d'Or" (Golden Clown) award as well as awards for other circus skills. A permanent venue, the Chapiteau (circus tent) de Fontvieille, was built especially for this festival. The festival is held in late January or early February.
In 2012, the 36th festival was opened by Prince Albert II and his sister Princess Stéphanie of Monaco, who is the festival's patron. The last winner ( in 2011 ) of the "Clown d'Or" was Bello Nock.

</doc>
<doc id="20198252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198252" title="New Varodd Bridge">
New Varodd Bridge

The New Varodd Bridge () is a cantilever road bridge that spans the Topdalsfjord in the city of Kristiansand, Norway. It carries the westbound lanes of European route E18; the eastbound lanes are carried by the adjacent Old Varodd Bridge. The length of the bridge is 663 metres, with 4 spans, of which the longest is 260 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="20198255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198255" title="Jonathan Lewis (motorsport)">
Jonathan Lewis (motorsport)

Jonathan Lewis resides in Attleborough, Norfolk. Well known for his long career in motorsport management where during the 1980s he was the championship winning works Van Diemen FF1600 Formula Ford team boss, Lewis has made regular appearances on television throughout his career including a spot on BBC2 Top Gear motoring programme where he ran presenter Richard Hammond in a Comtec Racing Formula Renault racing car then later a Renault R25 Formula One racing car. 
Jonathan’s early career on the Yorkshire grass tracks set him on course to winning the National Mini Se7en Championship at the age of 19, as well as stints with the Monoposto Racing Club. After climbing out of the cockpit and into team management he headed the all-conquering works Van Diemen Formula Ford team before forming Comtec Racing. In 2006 headed by Lewis Comtec Racing won the World Series by Renault Championship, with driver Alx Danielsson. Since the works Van Diemen FF1600 racing team dissolved, as new team owner Lewis took responsibility for the newly christened Comtec Racing operation with partner Pierre Moncheur and had ex Formula One driver Martin Donnelly as Driver Development Manager amongst his other staff. 
Lewis also had stints entering single seater racing drivers in Formula Vauxhall Lotus, Vauxhall Junior and in the early 1990s Formula Three with Jim Lee Racing based at the Yorkshire teams then headquarters in Batley near Harrogate, North Yorkshire, where the Lewis family made home at the time.
In 2006 Comtec Racing competed in the World Series by Renault, while also still remaining in the Formula Renault 2.0 Eurocup and returning to the British Formula Renault Championship after an absence of one year. Comtec Racing went on to win the Drivers Championship at their first attempt. 
Jonathan diversified into Formula 2 Power Boat Racing and he himself debuted in the No.9 boat for the Red Devil Honda Formula 4-Stroke Power Boat racing team on 24 May 2008 as the driver of a 225 hp racing boat in the Formula 4-Stroke Association event.
Now semiretired, Jonathan is still involved in motorsport with Formula One stock cars.

</doc>
<doc id="20198258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198258" title="Port-au-Prince school collapse">
Port-au-Prince school collapse

Port-au-Prince school collapse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20198263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198263" title="Jørundur Skógdrívsson">
Jørundur Skógdrívsson

Jørundur Skógdrívsson (or Jørund Skogdrivsson), was, from 1479 to 1524, the First Minister of the Faroe Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20198269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198269" title="High Court of Justice (disambiguation)">
High Court of Justice (disambiguation)

High Court of Justice is the name of several courts:

</doc>
<doc id="20198271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198271" title="Railway Evaluation Act">
Railway Evaluation Act

The Railway Evaluation Act, also called the Parcel Post Act, required the Interstate Commerce Commission to organize a Bureau of Valuation to administer a complete valuation of the real property and assets of every railroad in the United States from 1914-1921.
Pushed for by I.C.C. commissioners ""Charles A. Prouty"" and "Franklin K. Lane"", the act was a classic piece of Progressive Era railroad legislation designed to find a scientific basis for setting railroad tariffs (or shipping charges) by determining the real value of each railroad's property and assets. Legislators assumed that with this information the I.C.C. would be able to set rates according to the principle of a reasonable rate of return on the real value of each railroad and the industry as a whole. The I.C.C. formulated a set of procedural and reporting standards for the valuation and then permitted the individual railroads to complete the valuation under the nominal supervision of an I.C.C. administration.
Aftermath.
Prouty resigned from the I.C.C. to serve as the Valuation Bureau Chairman, and his Progressive pursuit of fairness earned him the distrust and enmity of the railroads. Lane resigned to become Wilson’s Secretary of the Interior. The valuation process began in 1914 and was substantially complete by 1921, with the bulk of the investigative work done by the renowned Harvard, American, and Northwestern Economics Professor, with a specialization in public utilities and railroads, Dr. John Henry Gray, who did much to bridge the gap between armchair economic theory and the practical specialist. The act was essentially passed in recognition of the fact that a more mature approach to the regulation of railway rate making was essential to the attainment of the objects of regulation.

</doc>
<doc id="20198293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198293" title="Barbados Association for Children With Intellectual Challenges">
Barbados Association for Children With Intellectual Challenges

The Barbados Association for Children With Intellectual Challenges, formerly the Barbados Association for Mentally Retarded Children, is a charitable organization in Barbados for children and adults with intellectual disability. It was founded in 1964. The Association was incorporated by an Act of the Barbados Parliament, "Barbados Association for Mentally Retarded Children Act, 1969-15", which was subsequently amended to change the association's name. It is a member of the Barbados Council for the Disabled. The body is financed partly by the government. The association operates the Challenor Creative Arts & Training Centre.
Leadership.
Cecil de Caires was president of the association from 1969 to 1973. Dr. Jennifer Campbell now serves as the chairman on the board of management and Sharonne Taitt is the current director.
Challenor Creative Arts & Training Centre.
The centre is located at Cane Field, Saint Thomas, Barbados. It has two divisions, the children's school and the adult trainee section. While the school section closes during the vacation period, the trainee section remains open for an extended period. In 2006 it was on the verge of closure due to financial problems but in the end funds were received, renovations were made and it was reopened as a state-of-the-art facility. The Barbados Children's Trust have assisted by providing Challenor Creative Arts & Training Centre with specialised educational material and equipment and other resources.
There are workshops organised into six sections:

</doc>
<doc id="20198294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198294" title="Oxegen 2009">
Oxegen 2009

Oxegen 2009 was the sixth Oxegen festival to take place since 2004. It took place on the weekend of Friday 10 July, Saturday, 11 July and Sunday, 12 July at Punchestown Racecourse near Naas in County Kildare, Ireland. Kings of Leon, Snow Patrol, Blur and The Killers headlined.
The festival took place over three days, with reports of a four-day festival proving unconfirmed as did rumours, described as "ridiculous", that a 6 pm curfew would be imposed on the Sunday.
The festival slot was the only Irish performance by Kings of Leon in 2009. It also featured the only Irish live performance of Blur in 2009. The Killers were voted most popular band in an official poll conducted on the Oxegen website after the event. The band later used footage from the festival on their live DVD "Live from the Royal Albert Hall", released on 6 November that year. Oxegen 2009 was officially opened by the Artane Band on 10 July at 14:00. The festival was heralded as "a marvel of organisation" when compared to the Woodstock Festival held in the United States in 1969.
Oxegen 2009 was also the first European music festival to have an X-ray machine onsite. It was also praised for its greenness and recognised as the largest 100% CarbonNeutral event in Ireland.
Build-up.
Tickets.
Tickets for the festival were on offer as prizes to those who filled in an online survey won by Kings of Leon, the first headliner announced for the second consecutive year on 28 January 2009. A similar survey led to them being booked for the 2008 festival. Early Bird tickets went on sale to registered online users on Friday 8 August, and to all-comers on Friday 15 August at the 2008 price of €224.50 (including booking fee). These were limited to four per person, with a free car park space with every four tickets. Tickets went on general release on 6 March 2009 at 08:00. Once again, it was possible to buy an additional Thursday Camping Pass for €20. As of 23 April, Oxegen 2009 had not yet sold out. It had not sold out by 20 June either. It eventually sold out on 12 July after a sudden rush for day tickets. As with the 2008 festival, the campsite opened on the Thursday evening to prevent traffic queues forming on the Friday.
The popularity of a ticket deposit scheme introduced in March 2009 was confirmed when it returned in May.
Early reports.
On Thursday 17 July 2008, just days after the 2008 festival had ended, Phantom FM published a report suggesting that organisers of T in the Park, Oxegen's sister festival which traditionally shares many of the same bands as Oxegen, were reportedly seeking David Bowie to headline the 2009 festival which took place on the same weekend. The 62 year-old was previously due to headline both T and Oxegen in 2004, but had to pull out due to illness. Klaxons put themselves in contention to play at Oxegen 2009 after announcing that they will "play every festival possible" in 2009. But they didn't.
Official announcements.
Kings of Leon were again the first band to be confirmed for Oxegen in 2009, with their announcement coming on 28 January 2009. They headlined for the second consecutive year, having won the approval of fans in an online vote for a second consecutive year as well. "Hot Press" then announced what they claimed was a "world exclusive" late on 28 January 2009 that Snow Patrol and The Killers, headliners in 2007, would be co-headliners in 2009. An appearance by Snow Patrol was confirmed by the organisers within two days, with Katy Perry, Bloc Party and The Script also being confirmed on 30 January 2009. Kings of Leon played Oxegen's sister festival T in the Park on its Friday whilst Snow Patrol played T on its Sunday night. Also from T in the Park persistent rumours have forced the organisers to deny that AC/DC are the other headliners.
On 5 February, the reformed Blur were announced as the remaining headliners in what was their only Irish appearance of the year and their first in Ireland since three shows in the Olympia Theatre, Dublin in 2003. It will also be only the third time that all the original members will be together since 2000, with the second occurring a week earlier in Hyde Park, London at a 55,000 sell-out show which followed an appearance at Glastonbury 2009. The Killers were named as headliners on 18 February.
On 12 February, "The Irish Times" announced that Pete Doherty would be playing the festival. Doherty was confirmed within twenty-four hours alongside nine other acts: Razorlight, Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, Elbow, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, The Ting Tings, White Lies, Fight Like Apes, Pendulum and Jason Mraz. On 24 February, Keane, Lily Allen, The Specials, Paolo Nutini, Wallis Bird, Digitalism, The Mars Volta, Swedish House Mafia, Miss Kittin/The Hacker, Crookers and Hockey were confirmed by MCD. The Specials were announced after they reformed to celebrate thirty years in the music business, although it was unclear at the time if founding member Jerry Dammers would be included. The Truffle Shuffles learned of their invitation to perform whilst live on Rick O'Shea's RTÉ 2fm radio show on 25 February. On 3 March, eleven new acts were added to the line-up for Oxegen 2009. These were Lady Gaga, Manic Street Preachers, Florence and the Machine, TV on the Radio, The Game, Ladyhawke, James, Foals, Of Montreal, Friendly Fires and Squeeze. James will play a warm-up show in The Academy on 8 July. On 5 March, Oxegen 2009 was officially launched by the organisers, with an initial stage breakdown unveiled and a number of new acts announced. These included Nine Inch Nails, Jane's Addiction, Pet Shop Boys, Glasvegas, The Saturdays, Doves, Eagles of Death Metal and God Is an Astronaut.
Techno/electronica musicians Niall "Mano le Tough" Mannion and Ruairi Donohue of the Red Bull Music Academy also performed at Oxegen in 2009. On 8 April, 202s announced they would be performing on the Friday of the festival. Calvin Harris, Noisettes, The Saw Doctors, The Coronas, The Blizzards, The Answer, The Horrors, Iglu & Hartly, Starsailor and Spinnerette were added to the line-up on 28 April. La Roux cancelled citing "touring commitments". One DJ or VJ was offered a half hour slot at the festival in association with Xbox. More dance acts, including Felix da Housecat and The Japanese Popstars, were announced on 7 May 2009. On 14 May 2009, Therapy?, Tinchy Stryder, Boys Noize and Fever Ray (Karin Dreijer Andersson of The Knife) were all announced.
MCD announced the stage breakdown on 18 May 2009. The return of the "Hot Press" Signing Tent was confirmed on 21 May 2009. The line-up for the Red Bull Music Academy was confirmed on 22 May 2009. The "Hot Press" New Band Stage line-up was announced on 27 May 2009. On 3 June 2009, the IMRO New Sounds Stage line-up was announched, with David Kitt, Director and Villagers confirmed as headliners. Also performing on that stage are C O D E S, Heathers, Blood or Whiskey, Juno Award winners Wintersleep, Broken Record from Scotland, Home Star Runner and Concerto For Constantine.
On 12 June 2009, the entertainment line-up and further details of facilities for campers was announced. The campsite remained open until 18:00 on the Monday after the festival. The Thursday night entertainment featured bands such as The Stone Roses Experience, Definitely Might Be and Hells Bells. The Xbox Live Stage was located to the Blue Campsite and ran each day of the festival from 14:00 until late into the night and the Headphone Disco is available to a maximum 2,500 campers per night. A funfair was present in each campsite (the previous year had one shared between all the campsites) and other features included barbecue areas for those with disposable barbecues, the Pull Parlour Salon and better facilities for phone charging. Scouting Ireland returned to offer their free tent pitching service.
Several acts were added to the Bacardi Arena on 25 June 2009. The return of Heineken Greenspace was announced on 29 June 2009. The stage times were released on 1 July 2009.
Related events.
The Blizzards performed a live online show on their website in association with Xbox on 27 May 2009. The webcast preceded appearances by the band and the return of the Xbox Live Stage to Oxegen 2009. Xbox also ran a competition with a top prize of a half hour DJ set on the Xbox Live Stage at Oxegen 2009.
The Irish Minister for Communications, Energy and Natural Resources Eamon Ryan endorsed a "Rock the Environment" competition designed to promote Oxegen 2009 as being a "green festival". Ryan said the festival was "sustainable, green and fun". Competitors were asked to send in their environmentally-friendly videos to the Oxegen Muzu TV channel. Winners will have their entries broadcast in the green Ecogen area.
Two acts from County Kildare featured at Oxegen in 2009; these were decided via the annual Platform V contest. Box Social, Colin Scallan, I Phoenix, The J-Walkers, The Resistance and Seven Days were the six finalists; two were selected in Naas, County Kildare on 19 June.
The Road Safety Authority (RSA), Kildare County Council and MCD used youth radio stations to front a road safety campaign throughout Oxegen 2009. Billboards of four young persons from County Kildare who died in 2005 and 2007 were on display onsite. Mobile messages and the big stage screens were also used to promote road safety.
The Irish Society of Chartered Physiotherapists and the Chartered Society of Physiotherapy Northern Ireland jointly produced a festival guide aimed at fans, issuing advice on walking, camping and how to dance appropriately and pain-free.
Publications.
Several newspapers and magazines issued special editions for Oxegen 2009.
"Hot Press" featured the Ultimate Guide to Oxegen '09 prior to the festival. It included the favourite Oxegen moments of six Irish musicians and interviews with Brody Dalle of Spinnerette and Dave Keuning of headliners The Killers. They also made several music videos of artists performing on the New Bands Stage available on their website.
One week before the festival, Gary Lightbody of Oxegen headliners Snow Patrol was chosen as guest editor of "The Ticket", "The Irish Times"'s weekly music supplement. Lightbody selected two musicians whose performances were covered in that week's edition—he chose Lisa Hannigan and Josh Ritter—and also chose which bands Jim Carroll would write about in his column about new music. Lightbody also wrote a guide to surviving festivals, interviewed Glenn Moule of the band Howling Bells and wrote a piece on which artists he intended to see perform at Oxegen, including Lily Allen, Republic of Loose, Patrick Wolf, TV on the Radio, Annie Mac, Elbow, Friendly Fires and Crystal Castles.
The "Irish Independent" featured numerous Oxegen-related articles on 3 July 2009. These included reports on Blur, Fight Like Apes, Snow Patrol, The Ting Tings, Jerry Fish, a piece on Northern Irish acts such as David Holmes, That Petrol Emotion, Therapy?, Duke Special and The Answer, a piece on newer acts, twenty selected facts and an A–Z of festival fashion. Gary Lightbody talked of his first time when Snow Patrol were in their early twenties and spent the night drinking and "being silly".
Traffic.
Traffic delays were encountered by fans on their way to the festival on 9 July. MCD suggested fans ought to expect an addictional three hours of travel time. Buses in Limerick and Waterford were full since that morning, whilst those in Cork and Galway were said to be "meeting demand". Northern Ireland also experienced what was described by media as "a mass exodus" of fans to Oxegen 2009. Dublin Bus, which operates public transport from Parnell Square to Punchestown, said its journeys were running at one hour and ten minutes, a "good" time according to the company. 30,000 campers were on site by the Thursday night.
The campsite opened at noon, with 35,000 campers having arrived by the Thursday night. These were entertained by AC/DC, Oasis and The Stone Roses cover bands on the Thursday Night Live Stage.
Traffic after the festival was reported to be "moving well on all routes".
Festival.
Weather.
Festival-goers and musicians alike experienced rain and mud at Oxegen 2009. Hours of heavy torrential rain fell throughout the Saturday but, whilst wellies and raincoats were seen throughout the Saturday, the Sunday weather was sunnier.
Jason Mraz described the weather as "perfect", saying that "going in and out of rain and sun [...] is a great way to celebrate." He then claimed: "I've never experiences torrential rain in my life." MC Double D of Sneaky Sound System described the differing tolerance for rain in Ireland and his native country. "You like it wet over here. I'm from Australia and we don't like it wet over there. You guys get a bit annoyed if it's too sunny I think. [...] We're playing in a tent so I can't complain."
Performances.
The Artane Boys Band, described as "one of the most famous warm-up acts in the country", opened Oxegen 2009 in an appearance described as "unlikely" by the "Irish Independent". The first band to appear on the "Hot Press" New Band Stage on the Friday were The Truffle Shuffles, winners of RTÉ 2fm's School of Rock competition. The band later met Main Stage performers The Script, giving Danny O'Donoghue a CD of their music. The Script themselves announced a five-night residency in Dublin's Olympia Theatre, beginning on 25 August 2009. Onstage they described the place as "crazy" and spoke of how they had been in the audience two years previously. James warmed up for their Friday performance with a show at The Academy in Dublin the night before.
Lily Allen altered lyrics to one of her songs due to having a young Irish cousin in the audience. She had flown in from Belgrade and her performance included a cover version of "Womanizer" by Britney Spears and "Fuck You", her ode to George W. Bush, which had the crowd raising their middle fingers during the chorus. She also performed her cover version of the Kaiser Chiefs song "Oh My God" but bemoaned the crowd's reaction to some of her songs, yelling: "Oh, you guys are like women. C'mon you lot!" She later wandered around talking to fans alongside two bodyguards.
Snow Patrol flew from Italy to perform at Oxegen 2009, interrupting their time spent touring with U2. They dedicated "Shut Your Eyes" to Lily Allen in their Main Stage performance before Blur. Blur were said to have been paid €500,000 to perform at Oxegen 2009, headlining on the Friday night from 23:00. They played songs from three decades and paid tribute to an Irish music journalist who had assisted in their rise to fame, dedicating "There's No Other Way" to him, with lead singer Damon Albarn saying: "The first time we were here Ireland was back in 1990. We played at a wedding for Leo Finlay, who has since passed away." Albarn also said it had been "a fantastic couple of weeks after not doing much for 10 years.". They also dedicated "The Universal" to Joe Dolan who had covered the song before his death.
Fred were the first band on the Green Spheres stage on the Saturday, playing to a large crowd and ending with singles "Running" and "Skyscrapers". Squeeze attracted increasing crowds throughout their time on the Main Stage, performing just before The Blizzards played to an even more significant sized crowd. Guy Garvey of Elbow thanked fans watching them despite the bad weather on the Saturday evening. Doves drew a large crowd to the O2 Stage despite performing at the same time as Bloc Party on the Main Stage. Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, however, attracted a small enough crowd to the same stage, with several fans leaving to see headliners Kings of Leon on the Main Stage.
Kings of Leon headlined Oxegen from 23:30 on the Saturday despite threatening to withdraw from the festival after encountering serious sound problems at their T in the Park show in Scotland the day before. The sound problems frustrated vocalist Caleb Followill and led him to destroy his guitar before hurling the shattered remnants into the crowd. The band's tour manager intervened, with the band ultimately deciding to travel to Ireland. A source explained that the band's anger was due to their desire for "every show to be perfect". Several international celebrities watched Kings of Leon perform at Oxegen 2009; Pete Doherty and Stereophonics frontman Kelly Jones watched from the side of the stage, whilst actress Natalie Portman "disappeared down into the mosh pit" where she was seen "every now and then jumping up and down and belting out her favourite songs". The band said Oxegen was "the gig we've been looking forward to most this year".
Lady Gaga underwent a wardrobe malfunction live on stage during her Sunday performance when one of her breasts slid from beneath her metallic dress. After a breakdown during her second song, Gaga expressed her frustrations at her production team: "I can't hear myself for a moment there. That was close there for a minute. It's my worst nightmare not being able to hear. I'd rather cut my fucking feet off rather than not be able to hear" and praised Irish fans for their battles against the weather: "You all suffer for your love of music, like Jesus" as well as saying: "If you told me this time last year I’d be playing in front of 100,000 people, I’d probably have told you to fuck off". She also had several costume changes, at one point appearing on a blue Vespa scooter and, during her single "Poker Face", writhing around on board a piano. Prior to the performance she had attracted attention for requesting underwear from festival organisers and was overheard asking about how to pronounce Naas.
The Horrors cancelled their appearance at Oxegen 2009 when frontman Faris Badwin was struck down with bronchitis. Foals saw an increased crowd to their Heineken Green Spheres performance when rain drew festival-goers inside. The Ting Tings also drew large numbers to the O2 Stage. Perry Farrell of Jane's Addiction referenced Guinness, Jameson and cocaine during his band's performance. Villagers "set alight a sparsely populated tent with a performance bordering on perfection", according to the "Irish Independent". Sunday night headliners The Killers attracted large crowds to the main arena but attendance at Manic Street Preachers and Nine Inch Nails suffered from those bands performing at the same time on other stages.
Signing tent.
The first part of the line-up for the "Hot Press" signing tent was announced on 7 July 2009, with acts including Paolo Nutini, Razorlight, The Virgins, Fun Lovin' Criminals, The Blizzards, Hockey, Duke Special, Republic of Loose, The Coronas, Spinnerette, Friendly Fires and Therapy?. Other acts were later announced, including Noisettes (Sunday), Jerry Fish (Saturday), Doves (Saturday), Maxïmo Park (Saturday), Squeeze (Saturday) The Airborne Toxic Event (Saturday), and That Petrol Emotion (Sunday). A timetable was released on the "Hot Press" website on 10 July.
Republic of Loose, represented by all the band's members, were the first act to appear in the signing tent at around 18:00 on the Friday evening. Fans of The Coronas sang their "San Diego Song" whilst queueing, with the band also revealing the title of the second album for the first time, saying they had only decided on the title that day. Duke Special was greeted by several males in superhero costumes, whilst one fan who received an autograph from Brody Dalle of Spinnerette claimed she would have it tattooed onto her.
Hockey were the first band to appear in the signing tent on the Saturday.
Friendly Fires were the first band to appear in the signing tent on the Sunday. One fan signed the bicep of lead singer Ed Macfarlane. Noisettes supplied lollipops and were dabbed with face paints by fans. Paolo Nutini signed autographs for twenty-five minutes longer than originally intended and shared wine gums with fans.
Backstage.
A black and pink "chill-out area" decorated with black leather sofas was filled with fruits and flowers for the headlining bands. Performers were able to access areas with pool tables, bean bags and a bar.
One member of The Saturdays was nearly struck with a cue ball by an unidentified person playing pool. "She looked at him like he had two heads. There's better things to do than throw a cue ball at a girl. Maybe I'm not good at this but I don't claim to chat up girls by throwing cue balls at them... I throw the black at them!" said Niall Breslin of The Blizzards who witnessed the incident.
Danny O'Reilly of The Coronas described his band's performance as "so amazing" with "a really great atmosphere [...] the best gig we've done in a long time".
Members of Republic of Loose reported that they were "stalked" repeatedly by Lily Allen.
Max Grahn of Carolina Liar described meeting Irish fans for the first time, saying: "We got here for the first time in our lives yesterday. They know the songs and they know our names. It's crazy. We hope to be back in August."
Jason Mraz said Ireland had "always a very appreciative crowd, always a very vocal crowd, a singing bunch. I love them."
VIP guests.
Rugby union player Brian O'Driscoll and his actress friend Amy Huberman were in attendance, camping in a Winnebago. Upon trying to view Kings of Leon on a platform he was turned back by security as he did not have the correct wristband. Annoyed at this rejection, O'Driscoll left the festival early and flew to Dublin's RDS venue for a Bruce Springsteen concert, where he had a much more enjoyable time and cried when The Boss complimented him on stage on his sporting prowess. Pete Doherty, Kelly Jones and Natalie Portman, the latter of whom was seen buying pasta at one point, also attended the Kings of Leon show at Oxegen 2009.
MTV presenter Laura Whitmore was seen backstage with "Dan & Becs" actress Holly White as well as actor Colin Morgan and actress Katie McGrath, of the BBC television series "Merlin". Whitmore was also subject to speculation in the media when she was seen snuggling against TG4's Eoghan McDermott and walking around hand in hand with him. She moved to deny reports of romance, claiming they were "merely keeping each other company as they shot their respective footage of the festival" and said she had most enjoyed Blur.
Crime.
Gardaí arrested 114 people throughout Oxegen 2009, mainly for offences relating to public order, traffic, assault and drugs. 100 of these arrests had been reported by the Sunday evening. 77 of the arrests occurred between the Thursday afternoon and the Saturday. 12 of the arrests had been made by the Friday. There were less arrests at Oxegen 2009 than at Oxegen 2008 when 140 arrests were made.
In one serious incident, a man in his twenties was left in a stable condition after being stabbed with a glass bottle in a car park close to midnight on the Friday. He was sent to Naas General Hospital before being taken to Saint James's Hospital, Dublin. One man was arrested in relation to the incident but was not charged and later released.
Aftermath.
Cleanup.
The site was described as resembling "a massive swamp" by the "Evening Herald" on the Sunday morning. Approximately 1,000 personnel and scout volunteers were clearing the site of stage equipment, litter and abandoned tents by Monday afternoon. The "Irish Independent" reported that Punchestown Racecourse resembled "a scene from the World War I battle trenches" after being battered by heavy rain, whilst the "Irish Examiner" suggested that the Ploughing Championships had arrived in Dublin the day after the festival so noticeable were the "wellie-wearing punters stepped off buses, full of cheer, bearing muddy rain jackets and laden with picnic and camping equipment". Buses deposited fans on Dublin's quays "where muddy wellies and bits of tents lay abandoned on the paths".
Returning bands.
Several international acts announced future Irish dates during and in the immediate aftermath of Oxegen 2009. Yeah Yeah Yeahs will play a show in Belfast on 26 August 2009. The Specials will play shows in Dublin's Olympia Theatre and in Belfast as part of their 30th Anniversary Tour on 15 and 16 November respectively. Carolina Liar also announced their headlining Irish debut at The Academy in Dublin for 18 August 2009. Noisettes moved their 10 October show from The Button Factory to Vicar Street due to increased demand.
Broadcasting rights.
MTV was the Oxegen 2009 official broadcasting partner, with Laura Whitmore amongst the presenting team. The highlights will be shown in late July–early August on MTV, MTV HITS, MTV TWO and VH1 channels across one weekend.
RTÉ 2fm and RTÉ 2XM broadcast a total of 21 hours of live coverage throughout Oxegen 2009. Dan Hegarty presented a special Oxegen IMRO Tasters Show in the week before the festival. Festival broadcasts began from 06:00 on 10 July during that morning's "The Colm & Jim-Jim Breakfast Show". Jenny Green and Jenny Huston broadcast live music from 19:00 that evening, whilst Hegarty, Cormac Battle and Mr. Spring conducted acoustic sessions and interviews. RTÉ 2fm also recorded all the acts from the IMRO New Sounds Stage.
Phantom FM aired a three-hour Oxegen 2009 special programme at 15:00 on 19 July 2009.
Stages.
Oxegen 2009 had at least seven stages. There was at least one new stage, the Red Bull Music Academy. The Green Room was renamed Heineken Green Spheres.
2009 Line-up.
Headliners: Blur / Kings of Leon / The Killers
Line-up and stage breakdown.

</doc>
<doc id="20198295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198295" title="Xtra Heat">
Xtra Heat

Xtra Heat (foaled March 3, 1998 in Kentucky) is a retired American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse and broodmare. Despite competing almost exclusively at sprint distances she was named American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly at the Eclipse Awards for 2001.
Background.
Xtra Heat is a bay mare bred in Kentucky by Pope McLean. She was by far the most successful horse sired by the Louisiana Derby winner Dixieland Heat. During her racing career she he was owned by Kenneth Taylor, Harry Deitchman, and her trainer, John Salzman, Sr.
Racing career.
In 2001, Xtra Heat set a new track record for six furlongs at Pimlico Race Course. Although she ran second by a neck in the 2001 Breeders' Cup Sprint to winner Squirtle Squirt, her performances that year earned Xtra Heat the Eclipse Award as American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly.
Xtra Heat was retired after campaigning in 2003, having won 26 of her 35 lifetime starts and with earnings in excess of $2.3 million.
On November 3, 2002, following the Breeders' Cup, Xtra Heat was auctioned at the Fasig-Tipton November Select Sale. She failed to sell when bidding "stalled" at $1.7 million and was returned to her owners. But on November 5, 2002, it was announced that the ClassicStar partnership (consisting of S. David Plummer, Tony Ferguson, Thom Robinson, and John Parrot) purchased Xtra Heat privately. The price was not disclosed.
Stud record.
Xtra Heat has produced six foals since 2004, including stakes winners Southwestern Heat and Elusive Heat.
Southwestern Heat.
Southwestern Heat (foaled April 17, 2004 in Kentucky) is a chestnut stallion by Gone West.
As a yearling, he was entered in the Keeneland September 2005 Yearling Sale as hip #132. However, his reserve price of $600,000 was not met, so he did not sell at auction.
His race record was 17: 4-2-7. In 2007, he won the Sonny Hine Stakes, was second in the Hirsch Jacobs Stakes (G3) and Oh Say Stakes, and was third in the Rumson Stakes and Anderson Fowler Stakes. He retired with $155,340 in earnings and now stands at stud at Willowbend Stud in Australia.
Southwestern Heat's performance in the Sonny Hine Stakes at Laurel Park was covered in the "Washington Post".The reporter wrote that "Southwestern Heat is a whirlwind, but unlike [Xtra Heat, the 3-year-old chestnut colt doesn't often show the grit and stamina to carry his speed to the finish line."
X Rated Cat.
X Rated Cat (foaled May 5, 2005 in Kentucky) is a bay stallion by Storm Cat.
He was entered in the Keeneland September 2006 Yearling Sale as hip #368, but he was removed from the sale before bidding began. He was then sold the following spring at the Keeneland April 2007 Two-Year-Olds in Training Sale as hip #113 for $125,000 to Grey Flight Bloodstock.
His race record was 9: 3-2-2 and he retired with $103,510 in earnings. In 2008, he was third in the Gilded Time Stakes. He currently stands at stud in Texas and bred 11 mares in 2009.
Elusive Heat.
Elusive Heat (foaled April 30, 2006) is a dark bay mare by Elusive Quality.
She was sold at the Keeneland September 2007 Yearling Sale as hip #235 for $425,000 and then in the 2008 Fasig-Tipton Florida Select Two-Years-Old in Training Sale for $750,000.
Her race record is 4: 3-1-0 with earnings of $117,170. In 2009, she won the Geyser Spring Stakes and was second in the Old Hat Stakes (G3).
Don't U Baby Me.
Don't U Baby Me (foaled April 24, 2007) is a gray or roan mare by Unbridled Song.
She was entered in the Keeneland September 2008 Yearling Sale as hip #109. However, her reserve price of $435,000 was not met, and she was not sold at auction.
Her race record is 2: 0-1-0 with $9,750 in earnings.
Other Foals.
Xtra Heat has three additional foals from 2008, 2009, and 2010 who have not yet raced.

</doc>
<doc id="20198310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198310" title="Tórmóður Sigurðsson">
Tórmóður Sigurðsson

Tórmóður Sigurðsson (or Tormod Sigurdsson ) (died 1531) was, from 1524 to 1531, First Minister of the Faroe Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20198321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198321" title="George McMahon">
George McMahon

George McMahon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20198323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198323" title="Divjakë">
Divjakë

Divjakë is a municipality in the Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania.
It is well known for the National Park of Karavasta. Divjaka Beach has a great sand, and the forest is one of the best in Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20198324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198324" title="2009 Norwegian First Division">
2009 Norwegian First Division

●
Tromsdalen
Skeid
Alta
Sogndal
Løv-Ham
Haugesund
Stavanger
Bryne
Notodden
Hønefoss
Ham-Kam
Moss
Sarpsborg 08
Kongsvinger
Nybergsund-Trysil
Mjøndalen
The 2009 Norwegian First Division season (known as "Adeccoligaen" for sponsorship reasons) began play on 5 April 2009 and will end on 1 November 2009.
The club relegated from the Premier League in 2008 was Ham-Kam. Sandnes Ulf and Hødd were relegated to the Second Division in 2008 after finishing in fifteenth and sixteenth place respectively. Tromsdalen, Stavanger, Mjøndalen, and Skeid were promoted from the Second Division in 2008.
At the end of the season, a two-legged promotion playoff will be played between the 3rd, 4th, and 5th placed teams in the First Division and the 14th placed team in the Premier League.
Top goalscorers.
Last updated: 18 October 2009Source: NRK Sport 

</doc>
<doc id="20198337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198337" title="Publicity In Taking Evidence Act">
Publicity In Taking Evidence Act

The Publicity in Taking Evidence Act was an act passed in 1913 that provided that depositions of witnesses for use in any anti-trust suit ""shall be open to the public as freely as are trials in open court".”

</doc>
<doc id="20198343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198343" title="Ameen Faisal">
Ameen Faisal

Ameen Faisal is the current National Security Advisor and former Minister of Defence and National Security of the Republic of Maldives.
He is currently married to Aminath Mubarik. He has four children.The eldest being Aishath Azleena Ameen(born 1984 October 26). The second is Mohamed Ameen(born September 15, 1994). And the last two are Mariyam Ameen(August 7, 1995) and Ahmed Ameen(January 27, 2004). His children are named after their great grandparents and relatives.
He is the grandson of the first president of Maldives, Mohamed Ameen Didi. Ameen Faisal was born to the only daughter of Ameen Didi, Ameena Ameen. And his father is Abdul Majeed Mahir. Ameen Faisal currently lives in Male',Maldives after living in Sri Lanka for over 4 years with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="20198359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198359" title="Virus-Serum-Toxin Act">
Virus-Serum-Toxin Act

The Virus-Serum-Toxin Act or VSTA (P.L. 430 of 1913, as amended; 21 U.S.C. 151-158) was United States Federal legislation designed to protect farmers and livestock raisers by regulating the quality of vaccines and point-of-care diagnostics for animals. Initially, the Virus-Serum-Toxin Act was created due to significant losses from unregulated manufacture and distribution of anti-hog cholera serum. The Act’s intended purpose is to ensure the safe and efficient supply of animal vaccines and other biological products. The United States Secretary of Agriculture is responsible for licensing and regulating the manufacture, importation, and exportation of affected agents. The act and its applicable guidelines are managed by the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).
History.
The Virus-Serum-Toxin Act was enacted in 1913. During this time, a USDA official stated that the bill was crucial “to protect the farmer and stock raiser from improperly made and prepared serums, toxins, and viruses.” After seven decades, the Act was amended in 1985 to address the effects of advancement, industrialization, and modernization in the field of agriculture. The Food Security Act of 1985 lists the specific amendments: (1) authorize USDA regulate intrastate, as well as interstate, movement of biological products, (2) broaden the Secretary’s authority to issue regulations, (3) enhance enforcement powers, and (4) recognize a congressional view that regulation is “necessary to prevent and eliminate burdens on commerce and to effectively regulate commerce.”
In 2002, the VSTA was one out of seven agricultural laws affected by the Homeland Security Act of 2002. This did not cause provisions within the law to change but only shifted certain functions from one department to another. In this case, border and import inspection functions were moved from USDA to the Department of Homeland Security. After the terrorist attacks that took place in America on September 11, 2001, Congress wanted to merge all of the major border inspection activities under the control of one department to make things easier and more efficient.
Currently, the DHS manages the physical inspection of imports, but the USDA still has authority over VSTA regulations and policies. The DHS and USDA are required to cooperate with each other for proper regulation and inspection practice.
Provisions.
It makes it unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to engage in the "preparation, sale, barter, exchange, or shipment" of "worthless, contaminated, dangerous or harmful" virus, serum, toxin, or analogous animal biologicals in interstate commerce. The Act provides for licensing of products and establishments, and requires permits for the importation of animal biologicals. Regulations require preparation of biologicals in accordance with an approved Outline of Production so as to meet prescribed test requirements for purity, safety, potency, and efficacy. Regulations also require approval of all labeling and claims to be made in advertising. Animal biologicals are subject to both the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and the VST Act. The USDA Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) enforces the VST Act.
Licenses issued by Administrator.
It is required that every person who is trained to prepare biological products subject to the VSTA shall have an unexpired, unsuspended, and unrevoked U.S. Veterinary Biologics Establishment License and at least one unexpired, unsuspended, and unrevoked U.S. Veterinary Biological Product License issued by the Administrator to prepare a biological product. Applicants who apply for an establishment license must also apply for at least one product license. An establishment license will not be issued without a license allowing the production of a biological product in the establishment.
Controversy.
The first case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), or mad cow disease, in the U.S. was reported in December 2003 at a farm in the state of Washington. Since the cow was from Canada, USDA officials thought the American beef supply was safe. However, after Japan and fifty-two other countries banned U.S. beef, the USDA started a program to test half of the nation’s 450,000 cows that could not walk. The program did not find any cases of mad cow disease until June 25, 2005. The cow was found to have originated from America, was first tested in November 2004, and was recommended to be retested. During this time, the Bush administration restored about one-third of U.S. beef exports through intense lobbying, but Japan, the biggest export market, continued to deny America’s beef. After a while, Japan lifted part of its ban. They allowed meat only from the carcasses of young cows that have had their spinal cords, vertebrae, brains, and bone marrow removed. Eventually, Japan reenacted the ban after a shipment from the U.S. contained meat with the vertebrae still attached. This has caused speculation on whether the VSTA regulates testing for BSE in cows. Many people believe that Congress should pass legislation forcing the USDA to license BSE testing to ranchers and slaughterhouses, and it is possible to amend the VSTA to do so.
<br>
After the first case of mad cow disease that was discovered, two more cases emerged. In 2005, the second instance was found in a cow in Texas, and the third was found in 2006 in a cow from Alabama. In 2012, this issue still remains a controversy. On April 24, 2012, the Department of Agriculture discovered a dairy cow in central California with mad cow disease. The USDA’s chief veterinary officer, John Clifford, stated that the cow’s meat did not enter the food supply. In addition to this, the carcass will be destroyed. The infected cow was found due to random sampling and is considered the fourth cow in the U.S. to be infected with BSE. This has caused the controversy to arise once again and speculation on whether the VSTA regulates testing for BSE in cows is still a hot topic to be discussed.
External links.
The Virus-Serum-Toxin Act - A Brief History and Analysis.[http://www.law.umaryland.edu/marshall/crsreports/crsdocuments/RS2201401032005.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="20198362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198362" title="Andras Guttormsson">
Andras Guttormsson

Andras Guttormsson, lived around 1490 to 1544, was, from 1531 to 1544, First Minister of the Faroe Islands.
Guttormsson lived in Kálgarður, Sumba, Faroe Islands, but came from Norway. Andreas Guttormsson is the father of Guttormur Andrasson, who followed him in the post. 

</doc>
<doc id="20198389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198389" title="Walled In">
Walled In

Walled In is a 2009 horror-thriller directed and co-written by Gilles Paquet-Brenner. The film is based on the best-selling French novel Les Emmurés by Serge Brussolo. It is the English-language debut of critically acclaimed French director Gilles Paquet-Brenner. The film was shot in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Plot.
Sam Walczak (Mischa Barton), is a recent engineering graduate. At her graduation party, her father, an owner of a demolition company, gives her a gift: a job supervising the demolition of a building in the middle of nowhere. If she's successful, she will become his partner. Sam arrives at the Malestrazza Building (named after its architect), and is greeted by Mary (Deborah Kara Unger), the caretaker. Sam tells Mary she will be staying in one of the apartments in the building. Jimmy (Cameron Bright), the caretaker's teenage son, takes her bags to her apartment and explains the rules of the building. She is to stay off the eighth floor because it is Malestrazza's and the roof because it is too dangerous.
Sam asks about the building, and Mary is surprised that Sam is not aware of the building's history and that it's better that she does not know. Sam is curious, and while at the local store she looks on the Internet and finds that the Malestrazza Building was a crime scene where 16 bodies were found entombed in the walls. Since Sam knows the story about the building, Jimmy takes her to the eighth floor and tells her the story. Malestrazza's mistake was taking the girl seen at the beginning of the movie. The girl had a puppy, and when the police went to question the architect, the puppy darted into his apartment and led the police to a wall. They found the little girl in the wall. Jimmy is now that puppy's owner. The police then locate 15 additional bodies in the walls of the eighth floor. Mary (the caretaker) and her husband were also residents of the apartment building. Mary had to identify her husband, whose face was ripped off by the concrete while she was pregnant with Jimmy. They arrested a disgruntled factory worker for the murders. The lights go out in the abandoned eighth floor, and Sam hurts her leg. In the bathroom, Jimmy cleans her wound and then begins feeling her thigh. Sam asks what he is doing and he realizes his error and stops.
Sam has nightmares about being entombed in the walls.
Sam's boyfriend arrives and admires the building. The arrival of Sam's boyfriend upsets Jimmy. Sam and Jimmy have an argument and Jimmy says that after she finishes her report she'll leave and forget all about him, to which she replies that she would not. As Sam and her boyfriend explore the 8th floor, they secretly watch Mary at that place where her husband's body was found. They eventually talk to Mary, and, when she leaves the apartment, they are both locked in. Looking for a way out, they find a passage way that is not on the blueprints. They travel down the corridor and notice the walls have windows that allow a person to look into all the apartments. Sam realizes that Jimmy was watching her while she was in the bathroom and is upset. They eventually land in a different part of the building and move a false wall where they enter the garbage room and see an exit sign. Mary opens the door and asks if they are done looking through peoples' garbage.
Later that evening, Sam and her boyfriend are in her room having sex. Jimmy is on the other side of the wall listening and feeling distraught. Sam stops in the middle and is worried, aware that Jimmy might be there. Sam's boyfriend calms her fears and continues, while Jimmy is behind the wall in agony that Sam is with someone else. The next day they wake up and find Jimmy's butchered dog in their apartment. Sam's boyfriend thinks Jimmy killed the dog and wants to leave.
As they were about to leave, Jimmy gives Sam a gift, Malestrazza's journal, which talks about the design of the building and his theories. The building was like the Egyptian pyramids (hence the corridors not on the blueprints), she also realizes that that is why the building has so much space in the middle and that there is something in the center where light can show all the way down to the basement. Jimmy tells her that he is going to go to the roof to find the light source she is talking about. When Jimmy doesn't return, Sam and her boyfriend go to the roof. They find the part of the building she was looking for, a hole in the roof or shaft that leads straight down to the basement. Sam realizes that Jimmy must have known about this and is about to leave when she hears Jimmy call out that he fell down the hole and is hurt and needs Sam to come down and help him. Sam is eventually lowered down the hole by her boyfriend, but at the halfway point her boyfriend is shot with some sort of weapon that looks like a pointed long steel rod. He leans over the hole, holding the rope, as he bleeds down the hole and all over Sam who gets frightened and lets go of the rope and is now hanging upside down as her dead boyfriend bleeds all over her clothes and body.
Jimmy then drives Sam's car to mail her demolition report and then sinks her car into a lake.
Sam awakens in the basement area naked but covered with blankets. She sees a man sitting with a lamp on. Sam finds her clothes and puts them on. She asks the man who he is, but he says that she already knows. She figures out that he is Malestrazza. He plays the tape for her of Jimmy asking for help. Jimmy is keeping her down there with Malestrazza until she learns to love him. Sam also learns that Malestrazza was the mastermind behind the murders and is dumbfounded that people believe that a factory worker could concoct such a scheme of entombing people. She keeps asking about her boyfriend and Malestrazza tries to tell her that he is dead by cutting his arm and saying one mark for every soul. He also tells her that if he does what Jimmy wants, Jimmy is nice, but can be very cruel and imaginative when he disobeys Jimmy's orders.
Jimmy is back at the hole and sends down a cassette tape. Malestrazza plays the tape, and Jimmy says that he wants to see Sam and Malestrazza dance. Sam reluctantly dances, but, when Jimmy tells them to kiss, Malestrazza smiles showing Sam his blackened teeth, and she protests. Malestrazza pulls her close and forces her to kiss him. After a few seconds, Jimmy tells them to stop and threatens Malestrazza not to touch Sam again. Jimmy then sends down a basket with food, water, and a two-way radio. He tells Sam to keep the radio with her so that they can talk and be close.
Later, Jimmy asks his mother "how do you know when someone really loves you?". Mary says that you know when the person is willing to sacrifice everything (or their life) for the other person. He then says "is that why you sacrificed your son for a dead man?"
Sam looks for a way to escape and realizes one wall leads to the garbage area. When Jimmy returns, she lies and says that she is hurt and needs medicine. She talks about the time when Jimmy bandaged up her knee and claims that she enjoyed that time and their time together, but that in order to show him all that she can do for him she needs to get out. Sam walks to the center of the room and tell him that this is for him and she removes her shirt. Jimmy looks down and leans back. Sam gets her medicine. She opens the capsules and starts creating a mix to try and blow out the wall to get into the garbage room. Sam's attempt fails, and Jimmy is upset that she tried to escape.
Before Jimmy could exact his punishment, his mother, Mary, catches him. Mary realizes that Sam is in the hole with Malestrazza. Mary tells Jimmy that place was for the architect not for anyone else. She realizes that Sam must stay in the hole with Malestrazza, or else they'll take her away and Jimmy will be an orphan.
Sam is stuck in the hole with Malestrazza, who she realizes does not want to escape. This is his tomb, and he picked her to kill him. She eventually does kill him after some taunting, and he thanks her after he falls into his tomb and it begins to fill with cement. Sam is by the wall hoping that Jimmy will come through and save her.
The demolition team arrives and her father asks where Sam is. Mary tells him that she left. Her father says that he thought she would want to see her first building being demolished. Mary is keeping Jimmy calm as they set up and begin to install the explosives. As the countdown begins, Jimmy starts anxiously saying "Sam," and then screams her name and runs toward the building. Sam's father tells them to stop the countdown. At the roof, Jimmy looks down, and her father asks what they have done. Jimmy then throws himself over, killing himself, and lands next to Sam. Sam is then lifted out of the hole and put in an ambulance.
Sam narrates that Malestrazza built 27 buildings and that they are all still standing. He considered the Malestrazza building his masterpiece. The building will not be demolished.
Release.
The film premiered at the Glasgow Film Festival on 20 February 2009.
The film received a straight-to-DVD release in North America on 17 March 2009.
There is also an accompanying graphic novel by the same name produced by Spacedog, published through Ape Entertainment available in April 2009.
It was released by Momentum Pictures on DVD on 5 October 2009 in the United Kingdom.
Reception.
Because the film has been released straight-to-DVD, it has received limited critical reviews. So far, the film has garnered a mixed reaction. "DVD Talk" rated the film 3/5 stars, praising the performances of the cast and the effectiveness of the low budget, though the review concluded that the film deserved a stronger conclusion. The film was rated 5/10 by IGN and had conflicting accounts of the performances of the cast, describing Barton as "terrific" and Bright as "wooden." "Real Movie News" described the film as "atmospheric" and "attractive" but questioned the confused identity of the film.
The British magazine "FemaleFirst" gave the film 4 out of 5 stars. They described it a "psychological horror that’s sure to send chills down your spine" and continued to refer to it as a "gritty "Mirrors" meets "Captivity" horror thriller will have your heart pounding in your ears."

</doc>
<doc id="20198391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198391" title="Face Control">
Face Control

Face Control is Handsome Furs' second full-length album, which was released through Sub Pop Records. The album was recorded and mixed by Wolf Parade's Arlen Thompson at Mount Zoomer, and it was mastered by Harris Newman at Hotel2Tango.
The album's title takes its name from the face control policy seen in upscale Russian nightclubs where people are admitted based on physical attractiveness.
Background and Release.
The album was heavily influenced by the Handsome Furs' travels through Eastern Europe. Dan Boeckner has referred to the album as a "travel diary." In choosing the album's title, Boeckner said:
"Face Control" was originally set to be released on February 3, 2009. However, the album's release dated was delayed until March 10, 2009, due to a legal issue. According to the official Wolf Parade fansite, the Handsome Furs referenced a New Order song on the track "All We Want, Baby, Is Everything". In order to use the reference, the band needed to legally clear it with New Order, which took some time to do and caused the release to be pushed back.
Reception.
"Face Control" has received generally positive reviews. On the review aggregate site Metacritic, the album has a score of 68 out of 100, indicating "generally favorable reviews."
Pitchfork Media's Paul Thompson praised the album, writing "On every conceivable level down to the cover art, Face Control bests its predecessor, adding stuttering nuance to their previously too-spare sound, which they drape over some of the finest songs Boeckner's ever written." Drowned in Sound's Alexander Tudor compared the album to Bruce Springsteen's "Born in the U.S.A.", writing "Yeah, it’s THAT good..." Margaret Reges of Allmusic called "Face Control" "...a solid album, and just another example of Boeckner and Perry's tingling creative chemistry."
Matthew Cole of Slant Magazine gave the album a mixed review, writing "Fans of off-kilter pop will enjoy at least a few of the stronger cuts, but too much of "Face Control" sounds like the unfinished blueprint of a much better album." In a scathing review, The A.V. Club's Chris Martins wrote "Everything about these songs feels lazy, from the sludgy rock and tinsel-thin beats of 'Evangeline' to the couple’s weak approximation of The Knife on '(White City)' to the half-assed 'Dancing In The Dark' paean at the end of 'Legal Tender.'" Martins concluded: "This is easily the most flavorless fruit yet to fall from the Wolf Parade family tree."
Spinner named "Face Control" the best Canadian album of 2009. The album was nominated for the Juno Award for Alternative Album of the Year in the 2010 Juno Awards, where it lost to Metric's Fantasies. In addition, "Face Control" was one of the long list nominees for the 2009 Polaris Music Prize.
Personnel.
The following people contributed to "Face Control:"

</doc>
<doc id="20198399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198399" title="1933–34 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1933–34 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1933-34 campaign was a season of triumph for a resurgent Huddersfield Town. Following the top 6 finishes in the previous 3 seasons, Town managed to finish in 2nd place in Division 1. Town would finish behind Arsenal, who win their second consecutive championship and would emulate Town's 1920s achievement the next season.
Review.
After a resurgence in form in the last few seasons, Town's form continued its upturn in form. 5 of their players, Wilf Bott, Charlie Luke, Dave Mangnall, George McLean and Jack Smith all scored more than 10 goals during the season, helping Town become the top goalscorers in the league during the season. They were still in the title race until a defeat by Arsenal at Highbury in April. They would finish 2nd, just 3 points behind the Gunners, although if they had beaten them, then they would have won the title by a point.

</doc>
<doc id="20198419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198419" title="Witch-cult hypothesis">
Witch-cult hypothesis

The witch-cult is the term for a hypothetical pre-Christian, pagan religion of Europe that survived into at least the early modern period. As late as the 19th and early 20th centuries, some scholars had postulated that European witchcraft was part of a Satanic plot to overthrow Christianity; most of the evidence for this theory was compiled by studying the accounts of the persecutors in the witch trials in early modern Europe. From the late 19th century an opposing view arose, that witches were not Satanists, but adherents of a surviving underground pagan religion. In the 20th century, the theory gave rise to the neopagan religion of Gardnerianism, with its various offshoots and traditions summarized under the term "Wicca".
The theory was pioneered by authors such as Karl Ernst Jarcke and Jules Michelet in the 19th century, but received its most prominent exposition with Margaret Murray's 1921 book, "The Witch-Cult in Western Europe", and her contributions to the Encyclopædia Britannica. Scholars have criticised the theory and the general consensus is that the witch cult never existed and is entirely pseudohistorical, while scholars consider some folk magical practices to have influenced witchcraft stereotypes.
Gerald Gardner claimed that he had discovered the New Forest Coven, a group still practising the religion (which he called "Witchcraft") in his 1954 book, "Witchcraft Today", a claim which was endorsed by Murray. Similarly, Sybil Leek, Robert Cochrane, Charles Cardell, Rosaleen Norton and Alex Sanders also made claims to having been members of a family line of adherents to the witch-cult. Some contemporary Wiccans have since distanced themselves from the theory. We owe it to ourselves to study the Great Hunt more honestly, in more detail, and using the best data available. Dualistic fairy tales of noble witches and evil witch-hunters have great emotional appeal, but they blind us to what happened. And what could happen, today. Few Pagans commented on the haunting similarities between the Great Hunt and America's panic over Satanic cults. Scholars noticed it; we didn't. We say 'Never again the Burning!' But if we don't know what happened the first time, how are we ever going to prevent it from happening again?" -- Jenny Gibbons Studying the Great European Witch Hunt The Pomegranate: The International Journal of Pagan Studies #5 Summer 1998</ref>
Early modern precedents.
The witch-hunt of the 16th and 17th centuries was an organized effort by authorities in many countries to destroy a supposed conspiracy of witches thought to pose a deadly threat to Christendom. According to these authorities, witches were numerous, and in conscious alliance with Satan, forming a sort of Satanic counter-religion. Witch-hunts in this sense must be separated from the belief in witches, the evil eye, and other such phenomena, which are common features of folk belief worldwide. The belief that witches are not just individual villains but conspirators organized in a powerful but well-hidden cult is a distinguishing feature of the early modern witch-hunt.
This idea of an organized witch-cult originates in the second half of the 15th century, notoriously expounded in the 1486 "Malleus Maleficarum". In the following two centuries, witch trials usually included the charge of membership in a demonic conspiracy, gathering in sabbaths, and similar. It was only with the beginning Age of Enlightenment in the early 18th century, that the idea of an organized witch-cult was abandoned.
Early Modern testimonies of accused witches "confirming" the existence of a witch cult are considered doubtful. Norman Cohn has argued that they were determined largely by the expectations of the interrogators, partly under torture, and free association on the part of the accused, and reflect only popular imagination of the times. Carlo Ginzburg and Éva Pócs hold that some of these testimonies can still give insights into the belief systems of the accused. Ginzburg discovered records of a group calling themselves "benandanti", the "good walkers" who believed that they combat witches ("streghe") by magical means. The benandanti were persecuted for heresy in the period of 1575 to 1675.
History of the theory.
Pre-Murray.
Witchcraft and witches were again popularized in 18th century Romanticism, which was in part a counter-movement to the Enlightenment.
In 1749, the Italian Girolamo Tartarotti made the claim that the religion persecuted in the witch-hunt was largely influenced by pagan traditions and iconography, though he did not claim that it was a pagan religion itself. He did this in his 1749 treatise "De Congresso Notturno Delle Lammie" ("On the Nocturnal Meeting of Witches"), expanded in 1751 as the book "Apologia del Congresso Notturno Delle Lammie" ("Defense of the Nocturnal Meeting of Witches"), which defended his argument in the light of criticism.
In 1828, the German Karl Ernst Jarcke, a Professor of Criminal Law at the University of Berlin, was the first to claim that the religion persecuted in the witch hunt was not Satanic, but was in fact pagan in origin, but he only added it in a brief commentary to the records of a German witch trial that were being published in a professional journal. Jarcke's claim was that paganism had lingered on amongst the peasants after Christianisation, and that it had then been declared Satanism by the Church. He further theorised that the pagan religion evolved into Satanism, with the horned deity being considered to be Satan by its followers.
Jarcke's theories were taken up and adapted by another German, Franz-Josef Mone in 1839. Mone was a staunch Roman Catholic and also a Germanic romanticist, and disagreed that the pagan cult (which he believed had involved human sacrifice and nocturnal orgies) had been Germanic in origin, but must have been Hellenic instead, based upon the mystery cults that had been brought to Germany by Greek slaves.
In 1844 Jacob Grimm, one of the Brothers Grimm, made the claim that "the early modern image of the witch was a conflation of pagan traditions with later mediaeval stereotypes of heresy"; however, he did not claim that the witch cult had actually been a pagan religion.
In 1862, French historian Jules Michelet published "La Sorcière" ("The Witch"), in which he adapted the theory further. Michelet, who was a liberal and who despised both the Roman Catholic Church and absolute monarchies, claimed that the Witch Cult had been practised by the peasants in opposition to Roman Catholicism, which was practised by the upper classes. He claimed that the witches had been mostly women (he greatly admired the feminine gender, once claiming that it was the superior of the two), and that they had been great healers, whose knowledge was the basis of much of modern medicine. He believed that they worshipped the god Pan, who had become equated with the Christian figure of the Devil over time. When Michelet's "La Sorciere" was first published in France, it was, according to historian Ronald Hutton, "greeted with silence from French literary critics, apparently because they recognised that it was not really history".
In 1893, an American woman, Matilda Joslyn Gage, published "Woman, Church and State", in which she claimed that in the prehistoric world, humanity had been matriarchal, worshipping a great Goddess, and that the witches of the witch cult had been pagan priestesses preserving this religion.
In 1897, the English scholar Karl Pearson, who was the professor of Applied Mathematics at University College London and an amateur historian and anthropologist, expanded on Michelet's theory. Pearson agreed with the theory of a prehistoric matriarchal society, and concured with Gage that the witch-cult was a survival of it. Pearson theorised that during the Christian era, the religion became focused around a male deity, which was then equated with the Christian Devil. Pearson also made the claim that Joan of Arc had been of the last few priestesses of the religion. He was, however, unlike Michelet or Gage, opposed to the group and to Goddess worship in general, believing that it was primitive and savage.
Charles Leland was an American folklorist and occultist who travelled around Europe in the latter 19th century and was a supporter of Michelet's theories. In 1899 he published "Aradia, or the Gospel of the Witches", which he claimed had been a sacred text for Italian witches. It made no mention of a horned god, but did mention a male deity known as Lucifer, as well as a female deity, the goddess Diana. Leland's work would provide much of the inspiration for the neopagan witchcraft religion of Stregheria.
Murray.
In 1921 Margaret Murray published "The Witch-Cult in Western Europe", in which she formulated a theory of a pan-European cult. However, she claimed that she had not previously read the studies of Michelet or Leland, but instead only started researching the topic after someone suggested it to her in Glastonbury, the legendary resting place of King Arthur in southern England. Prior to writing her book, she had written two articles on the theory in the 1917 and 1920 journals of the Folk-Lore Society, and further ones in the journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute and the "Scottish Historical Review".
The historian Ronald Hutton, a later critic of Murray, said that her first book "rested upon a small amount of archival research, with extensive use of printed trial records in 19th century editions, plus early modern pamphlets and works of demonology", although he also noted that "the book was generally dry and clinical, and every assertion was meticulously footnoted to a source, with lavish quotation". He said that she mixed elements from various different accounts of the witch hunt, mostly from Scotland, and fitted them together to form a set of beliefs and practices which she asserted were practiced as an organised religion across western Europe.
According to "The Witch-Cult in Western Europe", the witch-cult had been a pre-Christian, nature-based religion that the Christian authorities had labelled "witchcraft" and persecuted. She claimed that the religion had been based around sexual polarity as the key force behind nature, and they displayed this by having male and females practising together in their rituals. Murray claimed that the deity of the Witches could appear in both male, or female form, who had been seen as the Roman deities Diana and Dianus. For this reason she called it the Dianic cult. However, Murray noted that over the centuries, Diana's role in the faith had diminished, and Dianus, who was depicted as a horned god, became the main deity, explaining why in the accounts of the witch persecutions, worship of a goddess was not mentioned. 
Murray claimed that these witches met in groups known as covens, which were led by a High Priest, who dressed in animal skins, and which accounted for the witch-hunters' belief that the Devil himself appeared to the coven. She claimed that the coven met during esbats to do business, and held sabbats that all local pagans attended, on the festivals of Candlemas, May Day, Lammas and All Hallows. She cited both Joan of Arc and Gilles de Rais as members of the cult.
Many people at the time, such as folklorist Charlotte Gomme and Henry Balfour, were impressed by Murray's theories, though there were critics. She even wrote the entry on "Witchcraft" for the "Encyclopædia Britannica" in 1929, an entry that lasted until 1968. Her theory "was accepted in Britain by anthropologists such as Mary Douglas and historians of the status of Sir George Clark, Christopher Hill and Sir Stephen Runciman."
The Roman Catholic priest Montague Summers, a contemporary of Murray's, had already proposed that witchcraft represented a real historical cult; he remarked of Murray's theory "that is a most ingenious suggestion, but a wholly untenable hypothesis", and continued to maintain, in his "The History of Witchcraft and Demonology" of 1926, that it had been entirely Satanic in origin. Summers' theories have been equally dismissed by modern historians. Similarly, English historian C. L'Estrange Ewen wrote in 1929 and 1933 that witchcraft was not paganism, but a semi-organised cult of Satanism, rival to Christianity, with hundreds of thousands of adherents across Europe committed to performing acts of evil. He believed this cult had grown out of Christianity, but had also been adopted by "heathen cults desiring more impressive supplications than old wives' charms"; while he was generally dismissive of Murray's theories he agreed that in certain times and places it could manifest as the kind of "joyous religion" she had described.
Murray followed her initial book with "The God of the Witches" in 1933, which was similar to her previous book but was more populist in tone. She added new research on the subject of the Horned God, which she claimed was a deity worshipped in the paleolithic and depicted on rock paintings, and also by many ancient peoples, such as the Celts with their horned deity Cernunnos, and the Greeks with their Pan.
In 1938 Ewen launched a vociferous attack on Murray's scholarship, dismissing her theory as "vapid balderdash". Another contemporary critic, religious scholar Mircea Eliade, said that "neither the documents with which she chose to illustrate her hypothesis nor the method of her interpretation are convincing"
In 1954, she published "The Divine King in England", in which she greatly extended on the theory, taking in an influence from Sir James Frazer's "The Golden Bough", an anthropological book that made the claim that societies all over the world sacrificed their kings to the deities of nature. In her book, she claimed that this practice had continued into mediaeval England, and that, for instance, the death of William II was really a ritual sacrifice. She also claimed that a number of important figures who died violent deaths, such as Archbishop Thomas Becket, were killed as a replacement for the king.
Historian Ronald Hutton criticised Murray's theory in both "The Pagan Religions of the Ancient British Isles: Their Nature and Legacy" and "Triumph of the Moon: A History of Modern Pagan Witchcraft". Hutton claimed that her theories "had the curious status of an orthodoxy which was believed by everybody except for those who happened to be experts in the subject". Jeffrey B. Russell and Brooks Alexander concurred in their "A New History of Witchcraft", stating "Murray's use of sources in general is appalling".
Later writers.
During the 1930s and 1940s, Heinrich Himmler organised a branch of the SS to undertake the largest survey of witch-hunt trial records in Europe ever taken, with the dual aim of using it as anti-Christian propaganda, to claim that the inquisition had been a repression of an indigenous "Völkisch" Celto-Germanic nature religion, and as evidence for reconstructing that religion. This prompted Stuart Clark to dub the Nazi regime "Europe's first and only 'pro-witch' government." One pamphlet, the 1935 "The Christian Witch Craze", claimed that the witch-hunts were an attempt to exterminate "Aryan womanhood".
While Murray's theory had received some negative critical attention at the time of its first publication, it was not until the 1950s and 1960s that her books became best sellers, reaching a larger audience that subsequently experts decided that "the Murray thesis had to be stopped once and for all" .
In the 1950s, several British occultists claimed they had found remnants of the surviving Witch Cult. The first of these was Gerald Gardner, who claimed to have discovered a coven of such witches - the New Forest Coven, in 1939. Gardner said that he was concerned that the religion would die out, and so inititated more members into it through his Bricket Wood coven. The tradition that he started became Gardnerian Wicca. The New Forest witch Sybil Leek made a similar claim, stating that she followed the religion as many of her family had previously done, and a similar claim came from the Australian artist Rosaleen Norton, whose family had been of Welsh origin. Charles Cardell also made the claim of a hereditary lineage of the witch-cult, and he posited that the horned deity of the witches was known as Atho. Other Britons soon made the claim that they were members of a long line of family Witches. Robert Cochrane made such a claim, and ran a coven called the Clan of Tubal Cain; he inspired the founding of several movements, including the 1734 Tradition. Alex Sanders also made such a claim, and founded Alexandrian Wicca; however, Sanders turned out to be a Gardnerian initiate and had based Alexandrian ritual on Gardnerian Wicca. In 1974 E.W. Lidell made the claim that the occultist Aleister Crowley had been initiated into the witch-cult in 1899 or 1900, after being introduced to it through Allan Bennett, a Golden Dawn friend of his. Lidell continued his claim by saying that the coven's High Priestess expelled Crowley for being "a dirty minded, evilly disposed, vicious little monster". No substantiating evidence has, however, been produced for this.
From the 1960s Carlo Ginzburg documented the beliefs of a number of early modern groups of sorcerers, seers and healers. He claimed they were rooted in pre-Christian paganism, and credited Murray with a "correct intuition" in identifying the remnants of a pre-Christian 'religion of Diana', and in believing that witch-trial testimonies did at times represent actual or perceived experiences.
In the 1970s, with the long-standing criticisms of Murray's thesis by the small number of experts in the field having been ignored by more popular writers, there was a new wave of denunciations by scholars.
In 1985 Classical historian Georg Luck, in his "Arcana Mundi: Magic and the Occult in the Greek and Roman Worlds", theorised that the origins of the witch-cult may have appeared in late antiquity as a faith primarily designed to worship the Horned God, stemming from the merging of Cernunnos, a horned god of the Celts, with the Greco-Roman Pan/Faunus, a combination of gods which he posits created a new deity, around which the remaining pagans, those refusing to convert to Christianity, rallied and that this deity provided the prototype for later Christian conceptions of the Devil, and his worshippers were cast by the Church as witches.
The theory continues to be supported by some Occult, New Age and Neopagan authors, such as Nigel Jackson.

</doc>
<doc id="20198427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198427" title="Regional Institute of Medical Sciences">
Regional Institute of Medical Sciences

The Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) was established on 14 September 1972 in the name of the Regional Medical College. It is situated in a picturesque locality at Lamphelpat in Manipur, India. The objective of this premier institute is to impart quality medical education and ameliorate the health condition of the eight states of North Eastern Region including Sikkim. It is run by a society named "North Eastern Regional Medical College Society" which was duly registered under the Manipur Societies Registration Act, 1989.
The Institute is a 1074 bedded teaching hospital, equipped with modern state of the art equipments and teaching facilities having an intake capacity of 100 undergraduate, 145 Postgraduate Degree and 6 Postgraduate Diploma seats. The Hospital normally provides services to more than 2.4 lakh out-door patients and admits over 31 thousand patients in a year. It has MEDLINE access from WHO, Tele-medicine Centre, Regional Medical Library, Advanced Hospital Information and Management System etc. The Institute is affiliated to the Manipur University, Imphal and fulfills the prescribe norms of the Medical Council of India.
The campus of the Institute occupies of land.
History.
The Institute came into existence after tireless efforts of a few visionaries and was tenderly nurtured by great protagonists of the time. A 300 bedded General Hospital was inaugurated by Shri Y.B. Chavan, the then Union Home Minister on 22 October 1968. It is still being used as the main hospital block. On 22 May 1972 the foundation stone of the first ever medical college, on the soil of Manipur, having the name of Manipur Medical College was laid by Shri B.K. Nehru, the then Governor of Manipur.
The Medical College was established as a joint venture of the North Eastern States. On 14 September 1972, the name of the College was changed to Regional Medical College, Imphal. The College was later renamed as North Eastern Regional Medical College under the management of North Eastern Regional Medical College Society. From August 1976, it was run under the Ministry of Home, Government of India and was the only medical college run by the Ministry of Home. Nearly 19 years later, the College was again renamed as Regional Institute of Medical Sciences and its management was taken over by NEC, Ministry of DoNER, Government of India from 1 April 1995. After exactly 12 years, on the historic day of 1 April 2007, the Institute was transferred to the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare, Government of India.
It is an institution of regional importance catering to the needs of the North Eastern Region in the field of medical education by providing undergraduate and post graduate courses, bringing together in one place the educational facilities for the training of personnel in all important branches of medical specialties. The objective of this premier institute is to impart quality medical education and ameliorate the health condition of the composite population of the seven states of North Eastern Region (excluding Assam). RIMS is a 1074 bedded teaching hospital, equipped with modern state of the art equipments and teaching facilities having an intake capacity of 100 undergraduate, 145 Postgraduate Degree and 6 Postgraduate Diploma seats. The Hospital normally provides services to more than 2.4 lakh out-door patients and admits over 31 thousand patients in a year. It has MEDLINE access from WHO, Tele-medicine Centre, Regional Medical Library, Advanced Hospital Information and Management System etc. The Institute is affiliated to the Manipur University, Imphal and fulfills the prescribed norms of the Medical Council of India
Administration.
The Institute is managed at two levels – (i). by the Executive Council chaired by the Secretary, North Eastern Council(NEC) in which the Health commissioner of the seven beneficiary states, Director General of Health, Govt. of India, the Joint Secretary, DONER and Vice Chancellor, Manipur University are the members, and (ii). the Board of Governors chaired by the Hon’ble Chief Minister of Manipur in which Health Ministers of the seven beneficiary states, DGH, Joint Secretary, DONER and Vice Chancellor of Manipur University are the members. For both the management bodies, Director, RIMS is the Member Secretary. The Institute is fully funded by the Government of India through the North Eastern Council effective from 01-04-2002.
Initially the Institute was under the administrative control of the Government of Manipur. Consequent upon formation of a society and registered under the Society’s Regulation Act. 1860 (Central Act XXI of 1860) to grant autonomy on the initiative of the North Eastern Council, the management was taken over by the Society from 1 August 1976 with the Chief Minister of Manipur as the Chairman and the Head of the Institute as Secretary.
Funding pattern.
The Institute is managed with the financial support from the constituent states and the Ministry of Home Affairs, Govt. of India, through North Eastern Council. The sharing pattern from the year 1995-96 to 2001-02 was as follows:
With the implementation of the 10 th Five Years Plan, the present funding pattern is 100% for both recurring and non recurring expenses by the North Eastern Council, Shillong.
Hospital.
The RIMS Hospital has 1074 bed strength. The erstwhile General Hospital of the Govt. of Manipur was attached for teaching purpose with bed strength of 250. 
Round the year, Doctors are attending number of OPD patients and numbers of patients are admitted in the hospital. There had been better nursing care with the induction of more staff nurses. It has 18 clinical departments, Casualty and emergency ward and a blood bank. Number of voluntary donors are donating blood and the blood bank continues to provide blood whenever needed. It has a stand-by Diesel Generator of 250 KVA capacity also.
Summer (April - September)
8:30 am to 12:30 pm
Winter (October- March) 
9:00 am to 1:00 pm 
Except Sundays and Holidays
Charges.
Admission Charges- Rs 50/-
Emergency Ticket Rs 10/-
Emergency.
Emergency cases are managed by the concern Departments in the Casualty (general and obstetrics separately) except during the OPD hours. All emergency cases during OPD hours are examined and treated first in the respective OPD. Blood bank, emergency haematological and biochemical investigations, operation theatre services are run day and night.
Education.
Many Undergraduate (MBBS), Diploma and Postgraduate (M.S., M.D.) courses are opened at RIMS. M.Phil and Ph.D programmes are also there.
Postgraduate (Degree).
Intake capacity: 145 per annum
Postgraduate Course in Immunohematology and Transfusion Medicine has also been started and admission for M.Ch. courses in Urology and Plastic Surgery is also undergoing.
PG Diploma (M.Phil).
Intake capacity: 6 per annum
Nursing.
Nursing College has been started from December 2009. It has an annual intake of 50 students for the BSc Nursing Degree awarded by the Manipur University
Facilities available.
There is a Regional Medical library with the facilities of Internet and MEDLARS. There are 9 (nine) Lecture Halls, one indoor stadium with Gallery, an auditorium known as Jubilee Hall with 1000 capacity Balcony Seating, 3 canteens, 12 hostels (6 PG Hostels, 6 MBBS students hostels), 249 staff Quarters and 1 Guest House. There is a branch of UBI is in the campus with a ATM Facility.
The Manipur State medico legal centre is at Forensic Medicine department, RIMS. It is also one of the 8 AIDS referral centers of India. A 6 (six) bodies cold storage is also in the Anatomy & Forensic Dept.
Controversies.
On 7 January 1995, several CRPF personnel were fired at by suspected members of an armed opposition group in a toilet complex attached to the RMC (RIMS) Hospital, Imphal. Together with other CRPF personnel who arrived on the scene, twelve CRPF officials returned fire. A total of nine civilians were killed including an MBBS student from Arunachal Pradesh. 
On 17 March 2008 the Adhoc Additional Sessions Judge, Fast Track Court, Guwahati has convicted four CRPF personnel for killing the nine civilians.

</doc>
<doc id="20198433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198433" title="George Allman (footballer)">
George Allman (footballer)

George Allman (born 23 July 1930, Stockport) is a former English footballer who played as a forward. He made appearances in The Football League for Stockport County and Chester.
Playing career.
Allman began his career with his hometown club of Stockport, who he joined in 1950. After rarely featuring in two years at Edgeley Park, he moved to Holywell Town before returning to the professional ranks by joining Chester in the summer of 1955.
He spent two years at Sealand Road but was one of several departures at the end of 1956–57, along with players such as Jack Haines, Bernard Hackett and Jim Collins. He moved to Ashton United and later played for Mossley.

</doc>
<doc id="20198436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198436" title="Second Persian invasion of Greece">
Second Persian invasion of Greece

The second Persian invasion of Greece (480–479 BC) occurred during the Greco-Persian Wars, as King Xerxes I of Persia sought to conquer all of Greece. The invasion was a direct, if delayed, response to the defeat of the first Persian invasion of Greece (492–490 BC) at the Battle of Marathon which ended Darius I's attempts to subjugate Greece. After Darius's death, his son Xerxes spent several years planning for the second invasion, mustering an enormous army and navy. The Athenians and Spartans led the Greek resistance, with some 70 city-states joining the 'Allied' effort. However, most of the Greek cities remained neutral or submitted to Xerxes.
The invasion began in spring 480 BC, when the Persian army crossed the Hellespont and marched through Thrace and Macedon to Thessaly. The Persian advance was blocked at the pass of Thermopylae by a small Allied force under King Leonidas I of Sparta; simultaneously, the Persian fleet was blocked by an Allied fleet at the straits of Artemisium. At the famous Battle of Thermopylae, the Allied army held back the Persian army for seven days, before they were outflanked by a mountain path and the Allied rearguard was trapped in the pass and annihilated. The Allied fleet had also withstood two days of Persian attacks at the Battle of Artemisium, but when news reached them of the disaster at Thermopylae, they withdrew to Salamis.
After Thermopylae, all of Boeotia and Attica fell to the Persian army, who captured and burnt Athens. However, a larger Allied army fortified the narrow Isthmus of Corinth, protecting the Peloponnesus from Persian conquest. Both sides thus sought out a naval victory which might decisively alter the course of the war. The Athenian general Themistocles succeeded in luring the Persian navy into the narrow Straits of Salamis, where the huge number of Persian ships became disorganised, and were soundly beaten by the Allied fleet. The Allied victory at Salamis prevented a quick conclusion to the invasion, and fearing becoming trapped in Europe, Xerxes retreated to Asia leaving his general Mardonius to finish the conquest with the elite of the army.
The following Spring, the Allies assembled the largest ever hoplite army, and marched north from the isthmus to confront Mardonius. At the ensuing Battle of Plataea, the Greek infantry again proved its superiority, inflicting a severe defeat on the Persians, killing Mardonius in the process. On the same day, across the Aegean Sea an Allied navy destroyed the remnants of the Persian navy at the Battle of Mycale. With this double defeat, the invasion was ended, and Persian power in the Aegean severely dented. The Greeks would now move over to the offensive, eventually expelling the Persians from Europe, the Aegean islands and Ionia before the war finally came to an end in 479 BC.
Sources.
The main source for the Great Greco-Persian Wars is the Greek historian Herodotus. Herodotus, who has been called the 'Father of History', was born in 484 BC in Halicarnassus, Asia Minor (then under Persian overlordship). He wrote his 'Enquiries' (Greek—"Historia"; English—"(The) Histories") around 440–430 BC, trying to trace the origins of the Greco-Persian Wars, which would still have been relatively recent history (the wars finally ending in 450 BC). Herodotus's approach was entirely novel, and at least in Western society, he does seem to have invented 'history' as we know it. As Holland has it: "For the first time, a chronicler set himself to trace the origins of a conflict not to a past so remote so as to be utterly fabulous, nor to the whims and wishes of some god, nor to a people's claim to manifest destiny, but rather explanations he could verify personally."
Some subsequent ancient historians, despite following in his footsteps, criticised Herodotus, starting with Thucydides. Nevertheless, Thucydides chose to begin his history where Herodotus left off (at the Siege of Sestos), and therefore evidently felt that Herodotus's history was accurate enough not to need re-writing or correcting. Plutarch criticised Herodotus in his essay "On The Malignity of Herodotus", describing Herodotus as ""Philobarbaros"" (barbarian-lover), for not being pro-Greek enough, which suggests that Herodotus might actually have done a reasonable job of being even-handed. A negative view of Herodotus was passed on to Renaissance Europe, though he remained well read. However, since the 19th century his reputation has been dramatically rehabilitated by archaeological finds which have repeatedly confirmed his version of events. The prevailing modern view is that Herodotus generally did a remarkable job in his "Historia", but that some of his specific details (particularly troop numbers and dates) should be viewed with skepticism. Nevertheless, there are still some historians who believe Herodotus made up much of his story.
The Sicilian historian Diodorus Siculus, writing in the 1st century BC in his "Bibliotheca Historica", also provides an account of the Greco-Persian wars, partially derived from the earlier Greek historian Ephorus. This account is fairly consistent with Herodotus's. The Greco-Persian wars are also described in less detail by a number of other ancient historians including Plutarch, Ctesias, and are alluded by other authors, such as the playwright Aeschylus. Archaeological evidence, such as the Serpent Column, also supports some of Herodotus's specific claims.
Background.
The Greek city-states of Athens and Eretria had supported the unsuccessful Ionian Revolt against the Persian Empire of Darius I in 499–494 BC. The Persian Empire was still relatively young, and prone to revolts amongst its subject peoples. Moreover, Darius was a usurper, and had spent considerable time extinguishing revolts against his rule. The Ionian revolt threatened the integrity of his empire, and Darius thus vowed to punish those involved (especially those not already part of the empire). Darius also saw the opportunity to expand his empire into the fractious world of Ancient Greece. A preliminary expedition under Mardonius, in 492 BC, to secure the land approaches to Greece ended with the re-conquest of Thrace and forced Macedon to become a client kingdom of Persia.
In 491 BC, Darius sent emissaries to all the Greek city-states, asking for a gift of 'earth and water' in token of their submission to him. Having had a demonstration of his power the previous year, the majority of Greek cities duly obliged. In Athens, however, the ambassadors were put on trial and then executed; in Sparta, they were simply thrown down a well. This meant that Sparta was also now effectively at war with Persia.
Darius thus put together an amphibious task force under Datis and Artaphernes in 490 BC, which attacked Naxos, before receiving the submission of the other Cycladic Islands. The task force then moved on Eretria, which it besieged and destroyed. Finally, it moved to attack Athens, landing at the bay of Marathon, where it was met by a heavily outnumbered Athenian army. At the ensuing Battle of Marathon, the Athenians won a remarkable victory, which resulted in the withdrawal of the Persian army to Asia.
Darius therefore began raising a huge new army with which he meant to completely subjugate Greece; however, in 486 BC, his Egyptian subjects revolted, indefinitely postponing any Greek expedition. Darius then died whilst preparing to march on Egypt, and the throne of Persia passed to his son Xerxes I. Xerxes crushed the Egyptian revolt, and very quickly restarted the preparations for the invasion of Greece.
Persian preparations.
Since this was to be a full scale invasion, it required long-term planning, stock-piling and conscription. It was decided that Xerxes' Pontoon Bridges were to be set up to allow his army to cross the Hellespont to Europe, and that a canal should be dug across the isthmus of Mount Athos (rounding which headland, a Persian fleet had been destroyed in 492 BC). These were both feats of exceptional ambition, which would have been beyond any contemporary state. However, the campaign was delayed one year because of another revolt in Egypt and Babylonia.
In 481 BC, after roughly four years of preparation, Xerxes began to muster the troops for the invasion of Europe. Herodotus gives the names of 46 nations from which troops were drafted. The Persian army was gathered in Asia Minor in the summer and autumn of 481 BC. The armies from the Eastern satrapies was gathered in Kritala, Cappadocia and were led by Xerxes to Sardis where they passed the winter. Early in spring it moved to Abydos where it was joined with the armies of the western satrapies. Then the army which Xerxes had mustered marched towards Europe, crossing the Hellespont on two pontoon bridges.
Size of the Persian forces.
Army.
The numbers of troops which Xerxes mustered for the second invasion of Greece have been the subject of endless dispute, because the numbers given in ancient sources are very large indeed. Herodotus claimed that there were, in total, 2.5 million military personnel, accompanied by an equivalent number of support personnel. The poet Simonides, who was a contemporary, talks of four million; Ctesias, based on Persian records, gave 800,000 as the total number of the army (without the support personnel) that was assembled by Xerxes. Whilst it has been suggested that Herodotus or his sources had access to official Persian Empire records of the forces involved in the expedition, modern scholars tend to reject these figures based on knowledge of the Persian military systems, their logistical capabilities, the Greek countryside, and supplies available along the army's route.
Modern scholars thus generally attribute the numbers given in the ancient sources to the result of miscalculations or exaggerations on the part of the victors, or disinformation by the Persians in the run up to the war. The topic has been hotly debated but the modern consensus revolves around the figure of 300–500,000. Nevertheless, whatever the real numbers were, it is clear that Xerxes was anxious to ensure a successful expedition by mustering overwhelming numerical superiority by land and by sea, and also that much of the army died of starvation and disease, never returning to Asia. 
Herodotus tells us that the army and navy, whilst moving through Thrace, was halted at Doriskos for an inspection by Xerxes, and he recounts the numbers of troops found to be present:
Herodotus doubles this number to account for support personnel and thus he reports that the whole army numbered 5,283,220 men. Other ancient sources give similarly large numbers. The poet Simonides, who was a near-contemporary, talks of four million; Ctesias gave 800,000 as the total number of the army that assembled in Doriskos.
An early and very influential modern historian, George Grote, set the tone by expressing incredulity at the numbers given by Herodotus: ""To admit this overwhelming total, or anything near to it, is obviously impossible."" Grote's main objection is the supply problem, though he does not analyse the problem in detail. He did not reject Herodotus's account altogether, citing the latter's reporting of the Persians' careful methods of accounting and their stockpiling of supply caches for three years, but drew attention to the contradictions in the ancient sources. A major limiting factor for the size of the Persian army, first suggested by Sir Frederick Maurice (a British transport officer) is the supply of water. Maurice suggested in the region of 200,000 men and 70,000 animals could have been supported by the rivers in that region of Greece. He further suggested that Herodotus may have confused the Persian terms for "chiliarchy" (1,000) and "myriarchy" (10,000), leading to an exaggeration by a factor of ten. Other early modern scholars estimated that the land forces participating in the invasion at 100,000 soldiers or less, based on the logistical systems available to the Ancients.
Munro and Macan note Herodotus giving the names of six major commanders and 29 myriarchs (leaders of a baivabaram, the basic unit of the Persian infantry, which numbered about 10,000-strong); this would give a land force of roughly 300,000 men. Other proponents of larger numbers suggest figures from 250,000 to 700,000 One historian, Kampouris, even accepts as realistic Herodotus' 1,700,000 for the infantry plus 80,000 cavalry (including support) for various reasons including the size of the area from which the army was drafted (from modern-day Libya to Pakistan), the ratios of land troops to fleet troops, of infantry to cavalry and Persian troops to Greek troops.
Fleet.
The size of the Persian fleet is also disputed, though perhaps less so. According to Herodotus the Persian fleet numbered 1,207 triremes and 3,000 transport and supply ships, including 50-oared galleys ("Penteconters") (Greek πεντηκοντήρ). Herodotus gives a detailed breakdown of the Persian triremes:
Herodotus also records that this was the number at the Battle of Salamis, despite the losses earlier in storms off Sepia and Euboea, and at the battle of Artemisium. He claims that the losses were replenished with reinforcements, though he only records 120 triremes from the Greeks of Thrace and an unspecified number of ships from the Greek islands. Aeschylus, who fought at Salamis, also claims that he faced there 1,207 warships, of which 1,000 were triremes and 207 fast ships. Diodorus and Lysias independently claim there were 1,200 at Doriskos. The number of 1,207 (for the outset only) is also given by Ephorus, while his teacher Isocrates claims there were 1,300 at Doriskos and 1,200 at Salamis. Ctesias gives another number, 1,000 ships, while Plato, speaking in general terms refers to 1,000 ships and more.
These numbers are (by ancient standards) consistent, and this could be interpreted that a number around 1,200 is correct. Among modern scholars some have accepted this number, although suggesting that the number must have been lower by the Battle of Salamis. Other recent works on the Persian Wars reject this number, 1,207 being seen as more of a reference to the combined Greek fleet in the Iliad generally claim that the Persians could have launched no more than around 600 warships into the Aegean.
Greek preparations.
The Athenians had been preparing for war with the Persians since the mid-480s BC, and in 482 BC the decision was taken, under the guidance of the politician Themistocles, to build a massive fleet of triremes that would be necessary for the Greeks to fight the Persians. The Athenians did not have the man-power to fight on land and sea; therefore combatting the Persians would require an alliance of several Greek city states. In 481 BC Xerxes sent ambassadors around Greece asking for earth and water, but making the very deliberate omission of Athens and Sparta. Support thus began to coalesce around these two states.
Hellenic alliance.
A congress of states met at Corinth in late autumn of 481 BC, and a confederate alliance of Greek city-states was formed. This confederation had the power to send envoys asking for assistance and to dispatch troops from the member states to defensive points after joint consultation. Herodotus does not formulate an abstract name for the union but simply calls them "" (the Greeks) and "the Greeks who had sworn alliance" (Godley translation) or "the Greeks who had banded themselves together" (Rawlinson translation). Hereafter, they will be referred to as the 'Allies'. Sparta and Athens had a leading role in the congress but interests of all the states played a part in determining defensive strategy. Little is known about the internal workings of the congress or the discussions during its meetings. Only 70 of the approximately 700 Greek cities sent representatives. Nevertheless, this was remarkable for the disjointed Greek world, especially since many of the city-states in attendance were still technically at war with each other.
The majority of other city-states remained more-or-less neutral, awaiting the outcome of the confrontation. Thebes was a major absentee, and was suspected of being willing to aid the Persians once the invasion force arrived. Not all Thebans agreed with this policy, and 400 "loyalist" hoplites joined the Allied force at Thermopylae (at least according to one possible interpretation). The most notable city which actively sided with the Persians ("Medised") was Argos, in the otherwise Spartan-dominated Peloponnese. However, the Argives had been severely weakened in 494 BC, when a Spartan-force led by Cleomenes I had annihilated the Argive army in Battle of Sepeia and then massacred the fugitives.
Size of allied forces.
The allies had no 'standing army', nor was there any requirement to form one; since they were fighting on home territory, they could muster armies as and when required. Different-sized allied forces thus appeared throughout the campaign. These numbers are discussed fully in the article for each battle.
Spring 480 BCE: Thrace, Macedonia and Thessaly.
Having crossed into Europe in April 480 BC, the Persian army began its march to Greece. Five major food depots had been set up along the path: at Lefki Akti on the Thracian side of the Hellespont, at Tyrozis on lake Bistonis, at Doriskos at the Evros river estuary where the Asian army was linked up with the Balkan allies, at Eion on the Strymon river and at Therme, modern-day Thessaloniki. There, food had been sent from Asia for several years in preparation for the campaign. Animals had been bought and fattened, while the local populations had, for several months, been ordered to grind the grains into flour. The Persian army took roughly 3 months to travel unopposed from the Hellespont to Therme, a journey of about 360 miles (600 km). It paused at Doriskos where it was joined by the fleet. Xerxes reorganized the troops into tactical units replacing the national formations used earlier for the march.
The Allied 'congress' met again in the spring of 480 BC. A Thessalian delegation suggested that the allies could muster in the narrow Vale of Tempe, on the borders of Thessaly, and thereby block Xerxes's advance. A force of 10,000 Allies led by the Spartan polemarch Euenetus and Themistocles was thus despatched to the pass. However, once there, they were warned by Alexander I of Macedon that the vale could be bypassed by at least two other passes, and that the army of Xerxes was overwhelming; the Allies therefore retreated. Shortly afterwards, they received the news that Xerxes had crossed the Hellespont. The abandonment of Tempe meant that all of Thessaly submitted to the Persians, as did many cities to the north of the pass of Thermopylae when it seemed help was not forthcoming.
A second strategy was therefore suggested to the Allies by Themistocles. The route to southern Greece (Boeotia, Attica and the Peloponnesus) would require the army of Xerxes to travel through the very narrow pass of Thermopylae. This could easily be blocked by the Allies, despite the overwhelming number of Persians. Furthermore, to prevent the Persians bypassing Thermopylae by sea, the allied navy could block the straits of Artemisium. This dual strategy was adopted by the congress. However, the Peloponnesian cities made fall-back plans to defend the Isthmus of Corinth should it come to it, whilst the women and children of Athens were evacuated "en masse" to the Peloponnesian city of Troezen.
August 480 BCE: Thermopylae and Artemisium.
When the Allies received the news that Xerxes was clearing paths around Mount Olympus, and thus intending to march towards Thermopylae, it was both the period of truce which accompanied the Olympic games, and the Spartan festival of Carneia, during both of which warfare was considered sacrilegious. Nevertheless, the Spartans considered the threat so grave that they despatched their king Leonidas I with his personal bodyguard (the "Hippeis") of 300 men (in this case, the elite young soldiers in the Hippeis were replaced by veterans who already had children). Leonidas was supported by contingents from the Peloponnesian cities allied to Sparta, and other forces which were picked up "en route" to Thermopylae. The Allies proceeded to occupy the pass, rebuilt the wall the Phocians had built at the narrowest point of the pass, and waited for Xerxes's arrival.
When the Persians arrived at Thermopylae in mid-August, they initially waited for three days for the Allies to disperse. When Xerxes was eventually persuaded that the Allies intended to contest the pass, he sent his troops to attack. However, the Greek position was ideally suited to hoplite warfare, the Persian contingents being forced to attack the phalanx head on. The Allies thus withstood two full days of battle and everything Xerxes could throw at them. However, at the end of the second day, they were betrayed by a local resident named Ephialtes who revealed a mountain path that led behind the Allied lines to Xerxes. Xerxes then sent his elite guards, the Immortals on a night march to outflank the Allied. When he was made aware of this manoeuver (whilst the Immortals were still "en route"), Leonidas dismissed the bulk of the Allied army, remaining to guard the rear with 300 Spartans, 700 Thespians, 400 Thebans and perhaps a few hundred others. On the third day of the battle, the remaining Allies sallied forth from the wall to meet the Persians and slaughter as many as they could. Ultimately, however, the Allied rearguard was annihilated, and the pass of Thermopylae opened to the Persians.
Simultaneous with the battle at Thermopylae, an Allied naval force of 271 triremes defended the Straits of Artemisium against the Persians. Directly before Artemisium, the Persian fleet had been caught in a gale off the coast of Magnesia, losing many ships, but could still probably muster over 800 ships at the start of the battle. On the first day (also the first of the Battle of Thermopylae), the Persians detached 200 seaworthy ships, which were sent to sail around the eastern coast of Euboea. These ships were to round Euboea and block the line of retreat for the Allied fleet. Meanwhile, the Allies and the remaining Persians engaged in the late afternoon, the Allies having the better of the engagement and capturing 30 vessels. That evening, another storm occurred, wrecking the majority of the Persian detachment which had been sent around Euboea.
On the second day of the battle, news reached the Allies that their lines of retreat were no longer threatened; they therefore resolved to maintain their position. They staged a hit-and-run attack on some Cilician ships, capturing and destroying them. On the third day, however, the Persian fleet attacked the Allies lines in full force. In a day of savage fighting, the Allies held on to their position, but suffered severe losses (half the Athenian fleet was damaged); nevertheless, the Allies inflicted equal losses on the Persian fleet. That evening, the Allies received news of the fate of Leonidas and the Allies at Thermopylae. Since the Allied fleet was badly damaged, and since it no longer needed to defend the flank of Thermopylae, they retreated from Artemisium to the island of Salamis.
September 480 BCE: Salamis.
Victory at Thermopylae meant that all Boeotia fell to Xerxes; the two cities that had resisted him, Thespiae and Plataea, were captured and razed. Attica was also left open to invasion, and the remaining population of Athens was thus evacuated, with the aid of the Allied fleet, to Salamis. The Peloponnesian Allies began to prepare a defensive line across the Isthmus of Corinth, building a wall, and demolishing the road from Megara, thereby abandoning Athens to the Persians. Athens thus fell; the small number of Athenians who had barricaded themselves on the Acropolis were eventually defeated, and Xerxes then ordered Athens to be torched.
The Persians had now captured most of Greece, but Xerxes had perhaps not expected such defiance from the Greeks; his priority was now to complete the war as quickly as possible; the huge invasion force could not be supplied indefinitely, and probably Xerxes did not wish to be at the fringe of his empire for so long. Thermopylae had shown that a frontal assault against a well defended Greek position had little chance of success; with the Allies now dug in across the isthmus, there was therefore little chance of the Persians conquering the rest of Greece by land. However, if the isthmus's defensive line could be outflanked, the Allies could be defeated. Such an outflanking of the isthmus required the use of the Persian navy, and thus the neutralisation of the Allied navy. In summary, if Xerxes could destroy the Allied navy, he would be in a strong position to force a Greek surrender; this seemed the only hope of concluding the campaign in that season. Conversely by avoiding destruction, or as Themistocles hoped, by destroying the Persian fleet, the Greeks could avoid conquest. In the final reckoning, both sides were prepared to stake everything on a naval battle, in the hope of decisively altering the course of the war.
Thus it was that the Allied fleet remained off the coast of Salamis into September, despite the imminent arrival of the Persians. Even after Athens fell to the advancing Persian army, the Allied fleet still remained off the coast of Salamis, trying to lure the Persian fleet to battle. Partly as a result of subterfuge on the part of Themistocles, the navies finally engaged in the cramped Straits of Salamis. There, the large Persian numbers were an active hindrance, as ships struggled to manoeuvre and became disorganised. Seizing the opportunity, the Greek fleet attacked, and scored a decisive victory, sinking or capturing at least 200 Persian ships, and thus ensuring the Peloponnessus would not be outflanked.
According to Herodotus, after this loss Xerxes attempted to build a causeway across the straits to attack Salamis (although Strabo and Ctesias place this attempt before the battle). In any case this project was soon abandoned. With the Persians' naval superiority removed, Xerxes feared that the Greeks might sail to the Hellespont and destroy the pontoon bridges. According to Herodotus, Mardonius volunteered to remain in Greece and complete the conquest with a hand-picked group of troops, whilst advising Xerxes to retreat to Asia with the bulk of the army. All of the Persian forces abandoned Attica, with Mardonius over-wintering in Boeotia and Thessaly. The Athenians were thus able to return to their burnt-out city for the winter.
Autumn/Winter 480/479 BCE.
Siege of Potidea.
Herodotus tells us that a Persian general, Artabazus, having escorted Xerxes to the Hellespont with 60,000 men, began the return journey to Mardonius in Thessaly. However, as he neared Pallene, "he thought it right that he should enslave the people of Potidaea, whom he found in revolt." Despite attempts to capture the city by treachery, the Persians were forced to keep up the siege for three months. Then, attempting to use an unusually low tide to attack the town from sea, the Persian army was caught by the returning tide, many drowning and the survivors being attacked by the Potideans in boats. Artabazus was thus forced to lift the siege, and return to Mardonius with the remnants of his men.
Siege of Olynthus.
Whilst besieging Potidea, Artabazus also decided to besiege Olynthus, which was also in revolt. The town was held by the Bottiaean tribe, who had been driven out of Macedon. Having taken the town, he massacred the defenders, and handed over the town to the Chalcidian people.
June 479 BCE: Plataea and Mycale.
Over the winter, there seems to have been some tension between the Allies. In particular, the Athenians, who were not protected by the isthmus, but whose fleet were the key to the security of the Peloponnesus, felt hard done by. They demanded an Allied army march north the following year. When the other Allies failed to commit to this, the Athenian fleet probably refused to join the Allied navy in Spring. The navy, now under the command of the Spartan king Leotychides, thus skulked off Delos, whilst the remnants of the Persian fleet skulked off Samos, both sides unwilling to risk battle. Similarly, Mardonius remained in Thessaly, knowing an attack on the isthmus was pointless, whilst the Allies refused to send an army outside the Peloponessus.
Mardonius moved to break the stalemate, by offering peace, self-government and territorial expansion to the Athenians (with the aim of thereby removing their fleet from the Allied forces), using Alexander I of Macedon as intermediate. The Athenians made sure that a Spartan delegation was on hand to hear the offer, but rejected it. Athens was thus evacuated again, and the Persians marched south and re-took possession of it. Mardonius now repeated his offer of peace to the Athenian refugees on Salamis. Athens, along with Megara and Plataea, sent emissaries to Sparta demanding assistance, and threatening to accept the Persian terms if not. The Spartans, who were at that time celebrating the festival of Hyacinthus, delayed making a decision for 10 days. However, when the Athenian emissaries then delivered an ultimatum to the Spartans, they were amazed to hear that a task force was in fact already marching to meet the Persians.
When Mardonius heard that the Allied army was on the march, he retreated into Boeotia, near Plataea, trying to draw the Allies into open terrain where he could use his cavalry. The Allied army however, under the command of the Spartan regent Pausanias, stayed on high ground above Plataea to protect themselves against such tactics. Mardonius ordered a hit-and-run cavalry attack on the Greek lines, but the attack was unsuccessful and the cavalry commander killed. The outcome prompted the Allies to move to a position nearer the Persian camp, still on high ground. As a result the Allied lines of communication were exposed. The Persian cavalry began to intercept food deliveries and finally managed to destroy the only spring of water available to the Allies. The Allied position now undermined, Pausanias ordered a night-time retreat towards their original positions. This went awry, leaving the Athenians, and Spartans and Tegeans isolated on separate hills, with the other contingents scattered further away, near Plataea itself. Seeing that he might never have a better opportunity to attack, Mardonius ordered his whole army forward. However as at Thermopylae, the Persian infantry proved no match for the heavily armoured Greek hoplites, and the Spartans broke through to Mardonius's bodyguard and killed him. The Persian force thus dissolved in rout; 40,000 troops managed to escape via the road to Thessaly, but the rest fled to the Persian camp where they were trapped and slaughtered by the Allies, thus finalising their victory.
On the afternoon of the Battle of Plataea, Herodotus tells us that rumour of the Allied victory reached the Allied navy, at that time off the coast of Mount Mycale in Ionia. Their morale boosted, the Allied marines fought and won a decisive victory at the Battle of Mycale that same day, destroying the remnants of the Persian fleet. As soon as the Peloponnesians had marched north of the isthmus, the Athenian fleet under Xanthippus had joined up with the rest of the Allied fleet. The fleet, now able to match the Persians, had first sailed to Samos, where the Persian fleet was based. The Persians, whose ships were in a poor state of repair, had decided not to risk fighting, and instead drew their ships up on the beach under Mycale. An army of 60,000 men had been left there by Xerxes, and the fleet joined with them, building a pallisade around the camp to protect the ships. However, Leotychides decided to attack the camp with the Allied fleet's marines. Seeing the small size of the Allied force, the Persians emerged from the camp, but the hoplites again proved superior, and destroyed much of the Persian force. The ships were abandoned to the Allies, who burnt them, crippling Xerxes' sea power, and marking the ascendancy of the Allied fleet.
Aftermath.
With the twin victories of Plataea and Mycale, the second Persian invasion of Greece was over. Moreover, the threat of future invasion was abated; although the Greeks remained worried that Xerxes would try again, over time it became apparent that the Persian desire to conquer Greece was much diminished.
In many ways Mycale represents the start of a new phase of the conflict, the Greek counterattack. After the victory at Mycale, the Allied fleet sailed to the Hellespont to break down the pontoon bridges, but found that this was already done. The Peloponnesians sailed home, but the Athenians remained to attack the Chersonesos, still held by the Persians. The Persians in the region, and their allies made for Sestos, the strongest town in the region, which the Athenians then laid siege to; after a protracted siege, it fell to the Athenians. Herodotus ended his "Historia" after the Siege of Sestos. Over the next 30 years, the Greeks, primarily the Athenian-dominated Delian League, would expel the Persians from Macedon, Thrace, the Aegean islands and Ionia. Peace with Persia came in 449 BC with the Peace of Callias, finally ending the half-century of warfare.
Tactical analysis.
The Greek style of warfare had been honed over the preceding centuries. It revolved around the hoplite, members of the middle-classes (the "zeugites") who could afford the armour necessary to fight in this manner. The hoplite was, by the standards of the time, heavily armoured, with a breastplate (originally bronze, but probably by this stage a more flexible leather version), greaves, a full helmet, and a large round shield (the "aspis"). Hoplites were armed with a long spear (the "doru"), which was evidently significantly longer than Persian spears, and a sword (the "xiphoi"). Hoplites fought in the phalanx formation; the exact details are not completely clear, but it was a close-knit formation, presenting a uniform front of overlapping shields, and spears, to the enemy. Properly assembled, the phalanx was a formidable offensive and defensive weapon; on occasions when it is recorded to have happened, it took a huge number of light infantry to defeat a relatively small phalanx. The phalanx was vulnerable to being outflanked by cavalry, if caught on the wrong terrain, however. The hoplite's heavy armour and long spears made them excellent troops in hand-to-hand combat and gave them significant protection against ranged attacks by light troops and skirmishers. Even if the shield did not stop a missile, there was a reasonable chance the armour would.
The Persian infantry used in the invasion were a heterogeneous group drawn from across the empire. However, according to Herodotus, there was at least a general conformity in the type of armour and style of fighting. The troops were, generally speaking, armed with a bow, 'short spear' and sword, carried a wicker shield, and wore at most a leather jerkin. The one exception to this may have been the ethnic Persian troops, who may have worn a corslet of scaled armour. Some of contingents may have been armed somewhat differently; for instance, the Saka were renowned axemen. The 'elite' contingents of the Persian infantry seem to have been the ethnic Persians, Medians, Cissians and the Saka. The foremost of the infantry were the royal guards, the Immortals, although they were still armed in the aforementioned style. Cavalry was provided by the Persians, Bactrians, Medes, Cissians and Saka; most of these probably fought as lightly armed missile cavalry. The style of fighting used by the Persians was probably to stand off from an enemy, using their bows (or equivalent) to wear down the enemy before closing in to deliver the "coup de grace" with spear and sword.
The Persians had encountered hoplites in battle before at Ephesus, where their cavalry had easily routed the (probably exhausted) Greeks. However, at the battle of Marathon, the Athenian hoplites had shown their superiority over the Persian infantry, albeit in the absence of any cavalry. It is therefore slightly surprising that the Persians did not bring any hoplites from the Greek regions, especially Ionia, under their control in Asia. Equally, Herodotus tells us that the Egyptian marines serving in the navy were well armed, and performed well against the Greek marines; yet no Egyptian contingent served in the army. The Persians may not have completely trusted the Ionians and Egyptians, since both had recently revolted against Persian rule. However, if this is the case, then it must be questioned why there were Greek and Egyptian contingents in the navy. The Allies evidently tried to play on the Persian fears about the reliability of the Ionians in Persian service; but, as far as we can tell, both the Ionians and Egyptians performed particularly well for the Persian navy. It may therefore simply be that neither the Ionians nor Egyptians were included in the army because they were serving in the fleet — none of the coastal regions of the Persian empire appear to have sent contingents with the army.
In the two major land battles of the invasion, the Allies clearly adjusted their tactics to nullify the Persian advantage in numbers and cavalry, by occupying the pass at Thermopylae, and by staying on high ground at Plataea. At Thermopylae, until the path outflanking the Allied position was revealed, the Persians signally failed to adjust their tactics to the situation, although the position was well chosen to limit the Persian options. At Plataea, the harassing of the Allied positions by cavalry was a successful tactic, forcing the precipitous (and nearly disastrous) retreat; however, Mardonius then brought about a general melee between the infantry which resulted in the Persian defeat. The events at Mycale reveal a similar story; Persian infantry committing themselves to a melee with hoplites, with disastrous results. It has been suggested that there is little evidence of complex tactics in the Greco-Persian wars. However, as simple as the Greek tactics were, they played to their strengths; the Persians however, may have seriously underestimated the strength of the hoplite, and their failure to adapt to facing the Allied infantry contributed to the eventual Persian defeat.
Strategic analysis.
At the beginning of the invasion, it is clear that the Persians held most advantages. Regardless of its actual size, it is clear that the Persians had brought an overwhelming number of troops and ships to Greece. The Persians had a unified command system, and everyone was answerable to the king. They had a hugely efficient bureaucracy which allowed them to undertake remarkable feats of planning. The Persian generals had significant experience of warfare over the 80 years in which the Persian empire had been established. Furthermore, the Persians excelled in the use of intelligence and diplomacy in warfare, as shown by their (nearly successful) attempts to divide-and-conquer the Greeks. The Greeks, by comparison, were fragmented, with only 30 or so city-states actively opposing the Persian invasion; even those were prone to quarrel with each other. They had little experience of large-scale warfare, being largely restricted to small-scale local warfare, and their commanders were chosen primarily on the basis of the political and social standing, rather than because of any experience or expertise. As Lazenby therefore asks: ""So why did the Persians fail?""
The Persian strategy for 480 BC was probably to simply progress through Greece in overwhelming force. The cities in any territory that the army passed through would be forced to submit or risk destruction; and indeed this happened with the Thessalian, Locrian and Phocian cities who initially resisted the Persians but then were forced to submit as the Persians advanced. Conversely, the Allied strategy was probably to try and stop the Persian advance as far north as possible, and thus prevent the submission of as many potential Allies as possible. Beyond this, the Allies seem to have realised that given the Persians' overwhelming numbers, they had little chance in open battle, and thus they opted to try and defend geographical bottle-necks, where the Persian numbers would count for less. The whole Allied campaign for 480 BC can be seen in this context. Initially they attempted to defend the Tempe pass to prevent the loss of Thessaly. After they realised that they could not defend this position, they chose the next-most northerly position, the Thermopylae/Artemisium axis. The Allied performance at Thermopylae was initially effective; however, the failure to properly guard the path that outflanked Thermopylae undermined their strategy, and led to defeat. At Artemisium the fleet also scored some successes, but withdrew due to the losses they had sustained, and since the defeat of Thermopylae made the position irrelevant. Thus far, the Persian strategy had succeeded, whilst the Allied strategy, though not a disaster, had failed.
The defence of the Isthmus of Corinth by the Allies changed the nature of the war. The Persians did not attempt to attack the isthmus by land, realising they probably could not breach it. This essentially reduced the conflict to a naval one. Themistocles now proposed what was in hindsight the strategic masterstroke in the Allied campaign; to lure the Persian fleet to battle in the straits of Salamis. However, as successful as this was, there was no need for the Persians to fight at Salamis to win the war; it has been suggested that the Persians were either overconfident, or overeager to finish the campaign. Thus, the Allied victory at Salamis must at least partially be ascribed to a Persian strategic blunder. After Salamis, the Persian strategy changed. Mardonius sought to exploit dissensions between the Allies in order to fracture the alliance. In particular, he sought to win over the Athenians, which would leave the Allied fleet unable to oppose Persian landings on the Peloponnesus. Although Herodotus tells us that Mardonius was keen to fight a decisive battle, his actions in the run-up to Plataea are not particularly consistent with this. He seems to have been willing to accept battle on his terms, but he waited either for the Allies to attack, or for the alliance to collapse ignominiously. The Allied strategy for 479 BC was something of a mess; the Peloponnesians only agreed to march north in order to save the alliance, and it appears that the Allied leadership had little idea how to force a battle that they could win. It was the botched attempt to retreat from Plataea that finally delivered the Allies battle on their terms. Mardonius may have been overeager for victory; there was no need to attack the Allies, and by doing so he played to the main Allied tactical strength, combat in the melee. The Allied victory at Plataea can also therefore be seen as partially the result of a Persian mistake.
Thus, the Persian failure may be seen partly as a result of two strategic mistakes which handed the Allies tactical advantages, and resulted in decisive defeats for the Persians. The Allied success is often seen as the result of ""free men fighting for their freedom"". This may have played a part, and certainly the Greeks seem to have interpreted their victory in those terms. One crucial factor in the Allied success was that, having formed an alliance, however fractious, they remained true to it, despite the odds. There appear to have been many occasions when the alliance seemed in doubt, but ultimately it withstood; and whilst this alone did not defeat the Persians, it meant that even after the occupation of most of Greece, the Allies were not themselves defeated. This is exemplified by the remarkable fact that the citizens of Athens, Thespiae and Plataea chose to carry on fighting from exile rather than submit to the Persians. Ultimately, the Allies succeeded because they avoided catastrophic defeats, stuck to their alliance, took advantage of Persian mistakes, and because in the hoplite they possessed an advantage (perhaps their only real advantage at the start of the conflict) which, at Plataea, allowed them to destroy the Persian invasion force.
Significance.
The second Persian invasion of Greece was an event of major significance in European history. A large number of historians hold that, had Greece been conquered, the Ancient Greek culture which forms much of the basis of 'western civilization' would never have developed (and by extension western civilization "per se"). Whilst this may be an exaggeration (it is obviously impossible to know), it is clear that even at the time the Greeks understood that something very significant had happened.
Militarily, there was not much in the way of tactical or strategic innovation during the Persian invasion, one commentator suggesting it was something of "a soldier's war" (i.e. it was the soldiers rather than generals that won the war). Thermopylae is often used as a good example of the use of terrain as a force multiplier; whilst Themistocles's ruse before Salamis is a good example of the use of deception in warfare. The major lesson of the invasion, reaffirming the events at the Battle of Marathon, was the superiority of the hoplite in close-quarters fighting over the more-lightly armed Persian infantry. Taking on this lesson the Persian empire would later, after the Peloponnesian War, start recruiting and relying on Greek mercenaries.

</doc>
<doc id="20198448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198448" title="Grabian">
Grabian

Grabian is a municipality in the Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20198453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198453" title="Faruk Khan">
Faruk Khan

Lieutenant Colonel (Retd) Muhammad Faruk Khan is a Bangladeshi politician and current Minister of Civil Aviation and Tourism of Bangladesh Government. Khan is a former Parliament member of Bangladesh Government and the current Commerce & Industry Secretary of the Awami League.
Early life.
Khan was born on September 18 in 1951 in Dhaka Lt. Col (retd) Faruk Khan holds a Masters in Defense Studies from Defense Services and Staff College in Mirpur. He served as a commissioned officer in the then Pakistan Army. His father, late Serajul Karim Khan (Nanna Khan) and mother late Khaleda Karim Khan are well known for their social work. He is the eldest of seven brothers.
Political career.
Khan is parliament member and the Minister of Civil Aviation and Tourism of Bangladesh Government. He was elected from the seat of Gopalgonj-01 with 99% votes the third time in a row at December 29, 2008’s National Election. Lt. Col Faruk Khan (retd) pledged that the reduction of prices of basic foods and commodities are a priority in his term. He is a retired Lieutenant Colonel of Bangladesh Army.
Personal life.
Muhammad Faruk Khan happily married to Nilufer Faruk Khan, a social worker. She is involved in various types of social works at rural level of Gopalgonj district. They have two daughters Qantara K Khan and Qareena K Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="20198465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198465" title="Wágner Fogolari">
Wágner Fogolari

Wágner Luiz Fogolari (born November 19, 1989 in Porto Alegre, Brazil) or simply Wágner, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Portuguesa, as a central defender.
Career.
Grêmio.
In January 2008, as the season starts, he was promoted to the first team after a strong and solid performances in the youth side. His huge physical presence and good aerial game in pre-season impress the managers and earned him a spot in the starting eleven, with only 18 years-old. 
But he failed to impress making some weak appearances in the Rio Grande do Sul State Championship, including an own goal in a 2-2 draw against Caxias. 
After that, he was relegated to play in the B squad in order to give more experience. In October, he took a squad number in Campeonato Brasileiro roster and back to training with the first team. On November 8, 2008, he was named on the bench for his first Championship game, Gremio's 1-0 away win against Palmeiras, but was an unused substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="20198476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198476" title="Jim Duggan (baseball)">
Jim Duggan (baseball)

James Elmer Duggan (June 1, 1885 – December 5, 1951) was a Major League Baseball player. He played in one game for the St. Louis Browns in , going 0-for-4 with one walk, one run scored, and one run batted in.

</doc>
<doc id="20198478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198478" title="Burning the Days">
Burning the Days

Burning the Days is the fifth studio album from the band Vertical Horizon, released on September 22, 2009.
Background.
Following the multi-platinum success of their 1999 album, "Everything You Want", the members of Vertical Horizon were disappointed with what they felt was a lack of support from RCA in promoting their 2003 follow up, "Go". "Go" failed to gain any real support from RCA, but despite the label's lack of interest in "Go" Vertical Horizon had difficulty getting released from its contract. Despite setbacks, the group and label severed their relationship when RCA merged with Sony Music in 2004, after which Vertical Horizon signed with Hybrid Recordings, where "Go" was re-released as "Go 2.0" in 2005.
Shortly after the release of "Go 2.0", longtime drummer Ed Toth announced he was leaving Vertical Horizon to join The Doobie Brothers.
Recording.
After an extended hiatus, work began on "Burning the Days" in 2007. Scannell took a different approach to the record by working at his home studio, and created his own label, Outfall Records, to release "Burning the Days" on. Though free of any external pressures, Scannell felt the need to be cautious with the recording: "You have the freedom to be a little creative when you're not working against the clock, but at the same time you can be a little too lenient, and spending an awful lot of time."
Scannell also worked with outside musicians while writing and recording "Burning the Days", which included drummer Neil Peart from Rush, and singer/songwriter Richard Marx. Peart played drums on three songs: "Even Now", "Save Me from Myself" and "Welcome to the Bottom", and wrote the lyrics to "Even Now". Scannell asked Peart if he would be interested in playing drums on the song, and Peart responded, "No one else can play drums on it — I won’t let anyone else play drums on it. I have to play the drums on it." Marx played piano on "Here" and produced Scannell's vocals on two of the album's songs.
As with "Go", longtime singer/guitarist Keith Kane is largely absent from "Burning the Days", only being credited with performing harmony vocals on the album. Scannell has insisted that Kane's minimal involvement in the recording of the album was not due to any tension between the two, explaining that Kane's limited involvement has been a part of the changing dynamics within the group that's naturally progressed though the years starting with their first album: "ith "There and Back Again", the album was purposefully half Keith's songs and half my songs. And what really started happening, quickly as we started progressing as a band, is that my output of songs just started greatly increasing. Keith’s input started slowing down, and I think that is evident with "Running on Ice"." Over the years Kane has always stated contentment with his role in the band, and Scannell's as frontman. Kane stopped touring with the band in 2010 to work on solo projects.
According to an interview with Matt Scannell for Songfacts, he wrote "All Is Said and Done" about control freaks.
Release.
"All Is Said and Done" was first revealed on the band's MySpace page in November 2008. The album was release on September 22, 2009, on the band's own label, Outfall Records.
Reception.
The album's reception was generally mixed. AllMusic praised the album for its "immaculate production" and its progressive rock elements introduced on the tracks that featured contributions by Neal Peart. Alternative Addiction praised the album for its lyrics and guitar-work, calling it "a perfect showcase for Vertical Horizon’s return to the spotlight, and could easily be one of the best albums of 2009." The "Los Angeles Times" was less enthusiastic, feeling that the album felt "flat and lifeless", and paled in comparison to Third Eye Blind's 2009 comeback album "Ursa Major".
Track listing.
All songs written by Matt Scannell, except where noted.
Personnel.
Vertical Horizon
Additional personnel
Production

</doc>
<doc id="20198479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198479" title="Golem, Lushnjë">
Golem, Lushnjë

Golem is a municipality in the Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20198490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198490" title="Guttormur Andrasson">
Guttormur Andrasson

Guttormur Andrasson, died 1572 in Bergen, was, from 1544 to 1572, First Minister of the Faroe Islands.
Guttormur Andrasson was the son of previous First Minister Andras Guttormsson from Sumba, and father of later First Minister Ísak Guttormsson.

</doc>
<doc id="20198493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198493" title="Anand Bhate">
Anand Bhate

Anand Bhate (born 1971) also known as Anand Gandharva is a Hindustani classical vocalist from the Kirana Gharana. He is popular for his classical singing of songs from the Marathi film "Balgandharva" (2011).
Early life and training.
Anand Bhate was born in Pune, India in 1971, in a family active in classical music. He inherited the singing tradition from his great grandfather Bhate Buva, who was a well known vocalist for Thumri and Natya Sangeet in the 19th century. By the age of 10, he had started systematic training in classical singing from Chandrashekhar Deshpande. He began his training under Yashwantbua Marathe, who introduced him to some of the intricacies of Khayal gayaki. Later he became a disciple of late Bhimsen Joshi, with whom he trained for 15 years.
Career.
His first public appearance was in 1981, when he performed Balgandharva's gayaki on All India Radio, Doordarshan and had a tour in the USA.
He has recently sung all the tracks for the lead character of a Marathi bio-pic of Balgandharva.

</doc>
<doc id="20198504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198504" title="Dushk">
Dushk

Dushk is a municipality in the Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20198515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198515" title="San Francisco LovEvolution">
San Francisco LovEvolution

LovEvolution (formerly San Francisco LovEvolution and San Francisco LoveFest) is a technoparade and festival that occurs annually in the Bay Area in late September and early October. From its inception in 2004 to 2009, the parade included 25 floats and started at San Francisco's 2nd and Market Streets. The parade continued all the way to San Francisco Civic Center Plaza for a giant outdoor dance club with famous DJs. In 2010, location issues put the event on hiatus, and the event moved to Oakland in 2011, where the next event will be held on September 24 of that year. The 2008 parade drew over 120,000 people.
Modeled after Germany’s annual Love Parade, the San Francisco LovEvolution has grown year after year and continues to build worldwide recognition. Loveparade originated in Berlin in 1989 after the fall of the Berlin Wall, but in 2003, the city denied the parade a permit and the event moved to San Francisco. In 2004, when German organizers were able to secure permits back in Berlin, North American organizers decided to continue their own event and dubbed it the LoveFest, changing the name in 2009 to LovEvolution. San Francisco's LovEvolution is also followed by an official after-party known as LovEvolution After Party. Three other cities around the world sponsor similar events every year.
"Now more than ever we need to take over the streets and City Hall to express and share the values of peace, love, unity, and respect," said Joshua Smith, SF LovEvolution founding board member. "There is no better time for an event of this scale and intention. Our community needs to come together, enjoy life and hold onto the good things."
The largest single-day electronic dance music event in America, SF LovEvolution is an integral part of the cultural fabric of San Francisco. The success of this event is apparent in photo documentation, as hundreds of thousands of people are seen. SF LovEvolution aims to promote that the electronic dance music scene cares about the community and is sustainable by giving back, by granting music scholarships, providing gear to schools and supporting at-risk intercity youth.
The San Francisco LovEvolution is a volunteer non-profit organization. Any profits made from the event go back into next year's event and to participating non-profit organizations. 2009's event is a new event that takes into account of the alignment with the original vision of the Loveparade events. That vision of a free parade that celebrates music, love, diversity, tolerance, dance, and community is something they believe in strongly, and believe America needs now more than ever. Dance music has always had a special ability to bring people together in the shared beauty of a universal vibe. The SF LovEvolution community by and large remains 'underground' in U.S. pop culture due to very little support from radio and MTV, etc. The intentions of the San Francisco LovEvolution organization are far less evolved than those of the original Love Parade - but is believed to carry out the same message of love and hope.
LovEvolution after party.
LovEvolution after party is a rave-concert that takes place in Bill Graham Civic Auditorium every year after the San Francisco LovEvolution parade ends. It is hosted by Skills and Spundae. It features world class international DJs.
Artists who have performed at LovEvolution Afterparty in previous years include Deadmau5, Above & Beyond, DJ Rap, Kaskade, ATB, Armin Van Buuren, Ferry Corsten, Gabriel & Dresden, Kyau & Albert, Deep Voices, Dave Dresden, Green Velvet, Paul Oakenfold, Christopher Lawrence, Junkie XL, Andy Moor, Bad Boy Bill, DJ Dan, Donald Glaude, DieselBoy, Aphrodite, DJ Sasha, John 00 Fleming, Eddie Halliwell, DJ Icey, and Robert Nickson.

</doc>
<doc id="20198519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198519" title="Anoka Technical College">
Anoka Technical College

Anoka Technical College is a 2-year technical college in Anoka, Minnesota. Founded in 1968, ATC is currently celebrating its 45th year.
History.
Anoka Technical College is a member of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system.
The campus is located in the City of Anoka and partially rests on the eastern border of the City of Ramsey. The building is largely the superstructure of the old Cargill plant. Periodic investments over time have transformed the building into a state-of-the-art technical college.
Dr. Jessica Stumpf has been serving as interim president of Anoka-Ramsey Community College since 2010. Beginning July 2011, Anoka Technical College and Anoka-Ramsey Community College, which has campuses in Coon Rapids and Cambridge, are aligned under one president to better serve students in the northern suburbs of the Twin Cities.
With the state of the present economy favoring short-term technical education, and some realignment of admissions services, the college is currently experiencing the highest volume of newly enrolled students in 15 years.
Accreditation.
Anoka Technical College is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, Commission of Institutions of Higher Education. All programs offered at Anoka Technical College are approved by the Minnesota State College and Universities system, the Minnesota Division of Rehabilitation Services, and the state-approving agency of Veterans Education. The college was granted initial accreditation by the North Central Association on March 5, 1999.
Programs.
Programs that are offered at Anoka Tech are varied. Generally they fall into the following categories:
• Automotive
• Horticulture
• Construction and Manufacturing
• General Education
• Information Technology and Business
• Health
These programs respond to industry need and have traditionally seen very high job placement rates.

</doc>
<doc id="20198520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198520" title="South African Democratic Convention">
South African Democratic Convention

The South African Democratic Convention (Sadeco) was formed in 2008 by Ziba Jiyane, the founder of the National Democratic Convention (NADECO), after he left in a dispute over leadership. Jiyane was previously the Secretary-General of the Inkatha Freedom Party. The party won no seats in the 2009 general election.
In April 2011, ahead of the local elections, Jiyane and the SADECO Federal Council voted to disband the party and join the much larger Democratic Alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="20198543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198543" title="Tërbuf">
Tërbuf

Tërbuf is a municipality in the Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20198591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198591" title="Fier-Shegan">
Fier-Shegan

Fier-Shegan is a municipality in the Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20198595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198595" title="Magomet Mamakaev">
Magomet Mamakaev

Magomet Mamakaev( December 16, 1910 — 1973) was a Chechen poet, prose writer, publicist, and literary critic. He is one of the founders of the modern Chechen literature.
Biography.
Magomet Mamakaev was born on December 16, 1910, in the Chechen village Achhoy-Martan to a peasant family. At the age of ten he became an orphan. His childhood pain of loss, sorrow and pleasure are reflected in his poem «Conversation with mother» (1934). In his youth Mamakaev was a Komsomol member and studied in Moscow at Communist University of the Toilers of the East. The outlook of that period was reflected in its the first literary works - «Morning over Argun», "Swallow", "Pondar" and lyric epic poem «Bloody mountains» (1928). 
On pages of magazines «Revolution and the mountaineer», «On lifting» he argued with authorities of that time concerning description of history of the Chechen Republic during the period of the Civil War in the North Caucasus. He underlined in the articles the role of Russian intelligentsia in formation of the Chechen literature and art, value of rapprochement of cultures of Russian and Chechen people. Mamakaev's work in the Communist Party, Soviet bodies of Checheno-Ingushetia, in newspapers «Groznensky worker», «the Lenin way» was connected with Enlightenment. He organised publishing the of Chechen language political and literary art magazines. Mamakaev was not only a popular writer, but also a recognised authority in Checheno-Ingushetia. He edited books of poetry, literary almanacs, magazines, participated in preparation of the anthology of Chechen-Ingush poetry. The writer gave a lot of attention to education of literary youth. Mamakaev role in formation of the modern Chechen literature] has entered his name to the cultural history of the Chechen Republic.
See also.
Chechen literature
References
Rebecca Gould, "Topographies of Anticolonialism: The Ecopoetical Sublime in the Caucasus from Tolstoy to Mamakaev," Comparative Literature Studies, Vol. 50, No. 1, pp. 87-107, 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20198619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198619" title="Janis F. Kearney">
Janis F. Kearney

Janis Faye Kearney is an author, lecturer, and publisher. She served as the Presidential Diarist to U.S. President Bill Clinton from 1995 - 2001. Hers was the first such appointment in Presidential history.
Early life and education.
Janis F. Kearney was born September 29, 1953, in Gould, Arkansas to Ethel V. Curry Kearney and Thomas James Kearney; she is the 14th of 19 children. Janis’ father was a sharecropper, and her mother was a homemaker, who spent much of her time, assisting her husband with the family’s cotton crops. 
From the age of seven, Janis spent her summers chopping cotton, and autumns helping the family pick cotton. By the age of nine, she was also helping care for her younger siblings, and cooking for the family. However, every evening she and her siblings learned reading, writing, and arithmetic at home; they always returned to school in the winter at the top of their classes. 
All except one of the Kearney children graduated from college and most went on to graduate school, law school, or both. Many attended some of the top colleges and universities in the country including Harvard, Yale, Brown, Vanderbilt, and Stanford.
After graduating from Gould High School in 1971, Janis attended the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville. She married and had one child during her junior year in college; but she went on to earn a B.A. in journalism in 1976. She continued her education while working, earning thirty hours towards a M.P.A. from the University of Arkansas at Little Rock.
Professional career.
Kearney was hired by the State of Arkansas in 1978, where she spent three years as a program manager for the Comprehensive Employment and Training Act program, and another six years as the director of information for the national headquarters of the Migrant Student Records Transfer System. 
In 1987, she became the managing editor of the Arkansas State Press Newspaper, owned and operated by civil rights activist Daisy Bates. Three months after Janis joined the paper, Bates retired and Kearney bought the company from her. Janis published the weekly newspaper in Arkansas for five years. 
In 1992, when then governor Bill Clinton decided to run for U.S. President, he hired Kearney who he had met during her years with State Government, from her role as publisher of the Arkansas State Press, and as part of the Arkansas Kearney family; to serve as director of his campaign’s Minority Media Outreach effort. Governor Clinton had taught several of her brothers during his stint as a professor of law at the University of Arkansas, and later appointed three members of the family to high-level state jobs. Janis took a sabbatical from her newspaper in 1992, and appointed her sister, Janetta Kearney, to run the newspaper during her absence. The newspaper suspended operation in 1998.
Clinton Administration.
Following the 1993 election, Kearney worked in the Little Rock office of the Clinton presidential transition. After the president’s inauguration, she was one of the Arkansans invited to join the President in Washington, D.C. She worked first as a White House media affairs officer and then as director of public communication for the U.S. Small Business Administration. In 1995 Kearney was appointed to serve as the first-ever personal diarist to a President. 
In her role Kearney kept a daily diary of President Clinton’s days, attending meetings, events, and press conferences to create a living history. Her job placed her in the middle of the political scandals that plagued the Clinton administration. In 1997 she was a part of the controversy surrounding Clinton's campaign-fundraising activities, and in 1998 she was forced to testify before a Kenneth Starr grand jury to investigate the Clinton sex scandal. Her diary of the President’s days was subpoenaed. No wrongdoing was found. The diary would eventually be passed on to the Clinton Library.
Journalistic and publishing activities.
In 2001, Janis moved to Chicago, but began a two-year Fellowship at the Harvard University W. E. B. Du Bois Institute of African and African American Studies, where she began writing her Clinton biography, "Conversations: William Jefferson Clinton-From Hope to Harlem". 
She continued her research and writing of "Conversations" as a visiting fellow at DePaul University. In 2003, she was appointed Chancellor's Lecturer for Chicago City Colleges. During that time Janis also wrote a syndicated column, Politics Is Life, which appeared in African-American newspapers throughout the country. Eventually, "Conversations" was published in 2006, and features, in part, interviews with more than 100 African-American acquaintances and friends of President Clinton about his legacy. "Conversations" was Kearney’s second book. 
Kearney began working on her first book, "Cotton Field of Dreams", in 1977, which focused on her father’s life story. After years of shopping her manuscript at writers’ workshops, she began revising the book to personal memoir, which included vignettes about her father and the rest of the family. She revised the book over the next ten years. Kearney established Writing Our World (WOW) Press in 2004, and published "Cotton Field of Dreams" that same year.
In November 2008, Kearney published her first novel, "Onece Upon a Time There Was A Girl: A Murder at Mobile Bay". She also published the second installment of her memoir following "Cotton Field": "Something to Write Home About: Memories of a Presidential Diarist".

</doc>
<doc id="20198622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198622" title="Ministry of Youth and Sports (Angola)">
Ministry of Youth and Sports (Angola)

The Ministry of Youth and Sports (Portuguese: "Ministério da Juventude e Desportos"), is an Angolan government ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="20198625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198625" title="Allkaj">
Allkaj

Allkaj is a municipality in the Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20198633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198633" title="List of Servants of God">
List of Servants of God

In the Roman Catholic Church's Latin rite, "Servant of God" is the style used for a person who has been posthumously declared "heroic in virtue" during the investigation and process leading to canonisation as a saint.
The following is an incomplete list of people declared to be a Servant of God. The list is in alphabetical order by Christian name but, if necessary, by surname or the place or attribute part of the name.

</doc>
<doc id="20198653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198653" title="David Bulova">
David Bulova

David L. Bulova (born May 6, 1969, in Fairfax, Virginia) is an American politician of the Democratic Party. Since 2006 he has been a member of the Virginia House of Delegates. He represents the 37th district, including the city of Fairfax and part of Fairfax County. He is the son of Fairfax County Board of Supervisors chairman Sharon Bulova.

</doc>
<doc id="20198664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198664" title="Hysgjokaj">
Hysgjokaj

Hysgjokaj is a municipality in the Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20198668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198668" title="Gorbusha">
Gorbusha

Gorbusha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20198675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198675" title="Uncial 0158">
Uncial 0158

Uncial 0158 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1039 (in the Soden numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 5th century (or 6th century). 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Epistle to the Galatians 1:1-13, on one parchment leaf (30 cm by 22 cm). Written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page, in uncial letters. It is a palimpsest, the upper text is in Arabic. 
The text-type of this codex is unknown. Aland did not placed it in any of Categories of New Testament manuscripts.
It is dated by the INTF to the 5th or 6th century.
The codex formerly was held in Qubbat al-Khazna in Damascus. The present location of the codex is unknown. The manuscript currently is not accessible.

</doc>
<doc id="20198678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198678" title="Hurricane Florence (1994)">
Hurricane Florence (1994)

Hurricane Florence was a strong, late season hurricane that remained out over the open waters of the Central Atlantic for nearly a week, before being absorbed into a large extratropical cyclone. With peak winds of 110 mph (175 km/h) and a minimum pressure of 972 mbar (hPa; 28.71 inHg), Florence was the strongest storm of the 1994 Atlantic hurricane season. Florence developed out of an area of low pressure associated with a stalled frontal system located 1,150 mi (1,850 km) east-southeast of Bermuda in late October. The system gradually became better organized and was classified a subtropical depression on November 2. The storm intensified into a subtropical storm shortly thereafter before weakening to a depression the next day.
After gaining tropical characteristics throughout most of the day on November 3, the storm was designated Tropical Depression Eleven. The depression quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Florence, the sixth named storm of the season. The storm briefly underwent rapid intensification, strengthening into a hurricane, before leveling out as a Category 1 hurricane. Florence was subsequently upgraded to a Category 2 hurricane on November 7. However, a large extratropical cyclone located to the north caused the hurricane to rapidly accelerate, with forward speeds reaching 58 mph (93 km/h). By the next day, Florence lost its identity, while still producing hurricane-force winds, as it was absorbed by the extratropical cyclone.
Meteorological history.
The origins of Florence can be traced back to an area of low pressure which developed in late October along a stationary front located 1,150 mi (1,850 km) east-southeast of Bermuda. The low gradually detached from the front and began developing convective banding features. The system was not fully tropical as the strongest winds were recorded a couple hundred miles from the center, leading to the system being classified a subtropical cyclone on the morning of November 2. Minor intensification followed shortly after and the subtropical depression was upgraded to a subtropical storm. This was based on ship reports of 40 mph (65 km/h) sustained winds associated with the system. By November 3, the storm became slightly disorganized and was downgraded to a subtropical depression. By the afternoon, the subtropical system began to undergo a transition from a subtropical system to tropical system. Later that day, the storm was classified Tropical Depression Eleven while located 875 mi (1,400 km) east-southeast of Bermuda. The depression was moving towards the northwest at 8 mph (13 km/h) and the same general motion was expected as a large upper-level low situated over the system was forecast to move towards the northeast, leading to Eleven moving around the periphery of the low.
The depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Florence the next morning. However, outflow from the storm remained poor as the upper-level low was still interacting with the center of Florence and the storm was still not completely tropical but there was slight improvement. By the afternoon of November 4, Florence completed its transition into a tropical cyclone and deep convection developed, causing the storm to quickly intensity; with winds increasing by 20 mph (30 km/h) in a 6 hour time period. The trend in intensification was forecast to continue and Florence was forecast to become the second hurricane of the season within 12 hours. Late on November 4, Florence was upgraded to a hurricane as a solid area of deep convection developed around the center of circulation. An eye feature also appeared on infrared satellite but was not associated with significant strengthening. Florence slowly intensified as the eye persisted and the structure slightly improved. By the morning of November 6, the eye became less defined and the cloud tops around it warmed. The storm also shifted its foreword motion northward as the trough located to the southeast began to move towards the east, moving the steering currents with it. As the low moved further to the east, steering currents in the area of Florence weakened, leading to the storm stalling late on November 6.
By the morning of November 7, the eye began to reappear and the storm turned towards the northwest and the foreword motion began to rapidly increase. Later that morning, Florence had developed a large, 35 to 40 mi (55 to 65 km/h) wide eye and the foreword motion continued to increase. The intensification continued and by the afternoon hours, Florence was upgraded to a Category 2 hurricane with winds of 100 mph (155 km/h). A strong extratropical cyclone located to the north of Florence was causing the storm to move towards the northwest at a rapid pace of 30 mph (48 km/h). Operationally, Florence was reported to have peaked at that intensity, but post season analysis determined that the storm reached its peak intensity just short of major hurricane—a storm with winds of 111 mph (178 km/h) or higher—status late on November 7. By the morning of November 8, Florence weakened slightly to Category 1 status. The large system to the north continued to cause Florence to move at 58 mph (93 km/h). Since the storm was very close to a cold front, Florence was expected to rapidly transition into an extratropical cyclone. Later that morning, Florence was absorbed into the extratropical cyclone while still maintaining hurricane-force winds.
Impact and naming.
As Florence remained out over the open waters of the central Atlantic, no effects, damages, or fatalities were reported. No tropical storm watches or warnings were issued, and the storm was never forecast to strike land.

</doc>
<doc id="20198681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198681" title="University Hospital Lewisham">
University Hospital Lewisham

University Hospital Lewisham (formerly known as "Lewisham Hospital") is an acute district general hospital run by Lewisham and Greenwich NHS Trust and serving the London Borough of Lewisham. It is now affiliated with King's College London.
It is situated on Lewisham High Street between Lewisham and Catford. The hospital offers a wide range of services including adult and children's Emergency Departments and specialist services including neonatology, paediatric surgery, cystic fibrosis treatment, haemophilia treatment and Ear Nose and Throat (ENT) services. The hospital provides teaching and training for medical staff and gained university status in 1997.
The hospital site has undergone several major alterations in recent years. The most recent was the completion of a major new treatment wing, Riverside, which was officially opened by Archbishop Desmond Tutu in May 2007. This building reflects current thinking about patient care, replacing Nightingale Wards with multiple four-bedded bays. The design also reflects contemporary environmental concerns and was the first major NHS building to generate a proportion of its own power using photovoltaic panels installed on the roof.
History.
The site of the current hospital was originally a workhouse, following the bequest of a house on Rushey Green to Lewisham Parish for the relief of the poor in 1612. When the Lewisham workhouse became overcrowded, a new workhouse building was erected in 1817. The Lewisham Poor Law Union was formed in 1836, and the workhouse was enlarged. This improvement included the building of cholera wards behind the workhouse building.
A report in "The Lancet" in 1865 showed that the workhouse was essentially functioning as a hospital at that time: "“Sick, infirm, and able-bodied – so called at least, but we saw none in the entire house – were placed in close approximation”". At that time there were seven “sick wards”, with 72 beds, and four “infection wards” with 22 beds.
Land to the north of the workhouse was used to construct a separate infirmary from 1892, and this was formally opened in 1894. This building now houses the hospital pathology department.
During the First World War the infirmary became the Lewisham Military Hospital. Most workhouse inmates were relocated, but parts of the workhouse still functioned until 1929.
During the Second World War the hospital was hit by a V-1 flying bomb, which destroyed two wards, injured 70 people and killed one nurse.
Following the formation of the National Health Service in 1948, the hospital continued to expand with new buildings opened in the 1950s and 1960s. These included the Outpatients Department in 1958, and an extension to the Accident Department in 1964.
In 1954 a premature baby unit was opened, and in 1968 this was replaced by a Special Care Baby Unit. In 1968 the Intensive Therapy Unit was also opened – this was the first such unit in a district general hospital in England.
In 1991 the Sydenham Children’s Hospital closed and moved to Lewisham Hospital. In 1996 the Women’s and Children’s Wing was opened by Princess Alexandra.
Lewisham Hospital NHS Trust was established in April 1993 when it formally separated from the Guy’s and St Thomas’ NHS Trust.
In 1997 Hither Green Hospital closed, and the Elderly Care service was transferred to Lewisham Hospital.
In 2002 the phase 3 building scheme started, culminating in the opening of the Riverside Building in 2007.
In 2012, architects AWW worked with the hospital to re-plan five wards and medical facilities whilst maintaining the Emergency Department. The expanded facilities improve efficiency with the addition of a new Children’s Emergency Department, Urgent Care Centre and new emergency x-ray facilities.
Proposed A&E closure.
In July 2012, South London Healthcare Trust was put into financial administration. A government report in 2012 recommended that three SLHT hospitals should be taken over by nearby NHS trusts and that the University Hospital Lewisham Accident and Emergency unit should close, with A&E patients instead going to the SLHT-run Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Woolwich to make that hospital more viable. UHL is not one of the SLHT hospitals.
There has since been a strong campaign in Lewisham against the proposed closure, including a march on 24 November 2012 and a successful legal challenge. In July 2013, the High Court ruled that the closure of Lewisham A&E could not go ahead. In October 2013, the Court of Appeal ruled that Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt did not have power to implement cuts at Lewisham Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20198683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198683" title="Central Lakes College">
Central Lakes College

Central Lakes College is a two-year community and technical college in the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities System with campuses in Brainerd and Staples. 
Central Lakes College in Brainerd includes courses in the liberal arts and sciences with an Associate in Arts degree and Minnesota Transfer Curriculum for transfers to a four year college. It also offers Associate in Science degrees, and technical programs that have Associate in Applied Science degrees, diplomas and certificates to get you out in the work world in a short amount of time. The college also includes many unique degrees such as Underwater Diving along with an assortment of "green" environmental and ecological courses. The college is known for its cutting edge courses in health and information technology, which are highly in demand at current times.
Central Lakes College is home of the Raiders. There is NJCAA Volleyball, Football, Basketball, Baseball, Softball, and Golf. There are also different clubs and organizations on campus. 
Central Lakes College Raider's Basketball team hasn’t had a losing season in 14 years under Head Coach Jim Russell. 
Staples community college is mostly technical programs with Associate in Applied Science (AAS) degrees, Diplomas and Certifications including robotics, heavy equipment operation, photographic technology, and automotive technology as well as a smaller liberal arts program Associate in Arts (AA).
Formerly Part of 3 different colleges: Brainerd Community College (Brainerd Junior College), Brainerd Technical College (Brainerd Technical Institute), and Staples Technical College (Staples Technical Institute).
History.
Central Lakes College combines both Brainerd Community College and Brainerd Staples Technical Colleges. The two were combined to create CLC on July 1, 1995. The colleges share a long history. Brainerd Community College was established in 1938 as Brainerd Junior College. Around that time, enrollment was about 50 students in both technical career programs and a college transfer program. Years later, as part of the local school district, the College became part of the Minnesota State Junior College System in 1963 and was separated into Brainerd Junior College and Brainerd Technical Institute. At that time Brainerd Junior College, the first building in Minnesota to be built specifically as a junior college, was completed. 
Thirty-five years of enrollment growth necessitated building projects in 1969 (gym), 1971 (art studios), 1974 (student center), 1989, and 1991. By 1992 the campus had grown to an enrollment of 1800 students. 
A complete remodeling of Central Lakes College has taken place in 2002, with many new classroom technologies and a remodeling of certain areas such as the library.
Brainerd Technical College was at that time called a technical institute and remained part of the school district until the merger in 1995. 
Brainerd Technical Institute and its sister institution, Staples Technical Institute, located 30 miles away in the historic railroad town of Staples, developed programs designed to meet the changing needs of business and industry.
In 1991, the State Technical College Board combined the administration of both schools creating Brainerd Staples Technical College. With technological programs such as the Staples program in robotics, the secretarial and business programs at Brainerd and the unique heavy equipment program, the college had a well-deserved reputation for innovation, creativity, and solid instructional expertise.
As both colleges continued to attract more students, and the legislature began encouraging community and technical colleges to cooperate, the first discussions of consolidation were held. Both colleges volunteered to become one of the first merged colleges in the state, and Central Lakes College was created.
The Staples campus with a newly designed building addition in 1985 remains the center for training in heavy equipment, machine tool technology, media and communications and a unique robotics and automated systems technology program. Started in 1950, the campus outgrew the original building and a complete new campus was built on the north edge of Staples near the Crow Wing River in 1971. All three colleges are connected by interactive television and courses are offered from campus to campus with students at all sites.
A new $24 million complex was completed in 1996 on the Brainerd Community College campus. This building is on the cutting edge of educational technology with a central core offering several interactive television classroom. This technology allows courses to be brought in from state universities as well as private colleges and world wide satellite downlinks. "Smart classrooms" with multi-media capabilities offer both faculty and students more options to create a learning situation tailored to specific learning styles and teaching needs.
Central Lakes College has two campuses, one in Staples and one in Brainerd.
Academics.
Programs Offered:
Liberal Arts and Sciences
Transfer Program - Associate in Arts Degree
Career Programs
Associate in Science Degree, Associate in Applied Science Degree, Diploma and Certificate Programs 
Central Lakes College offers over 70 programs, including Associate in Arts Honors degree. They have also expanded partnerships with area school districts and the business community. 
Central Lakes College(CLC) in Brainerd collaborated with Southwest Minnesota State University to establish a 2 + 2 articulation agreement in Theatre Arts.
Central Lakes College has been granted national accreditation for their concurrent enrollment programs from The National Alliance of Concurrent Enrollment Partnerships (NACEP). NACEP accreditation validates the quality of college courses offered in high schools and ensures that the course content and student expectations match the standards of the sponsoring post-secondary institution. 
Related Sites:
Central Lakes College
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20198690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198690" title="Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986">
Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986

West Germany (performing under the banner Germany) was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, held in Bergen, Norway.
The German national final to select their entry, "Vorentscheid 1986", was held on 27 March at the Deutsches Theater in Munich, and was hosted by Sabrina Lallinger and Wenche Myhre. Myhre represented Germany in the 1968 Contest.
Twelve songs made it to the national final, which was broadcast by Bayerischer Rundfunk to ARD broadcasters across West Germany. The winner was decided by a sampling of 500 random West Germans who were meant to symbolize a fair representation of the country's population. Each person gave every song a vote, from 1 (for worst) to 12 (for best). Therefore, the theoretical "worst score" a song could receive would be 500, and the "best score" would be 6000.
The winning entry was "Über die Brücke geh'n," performed by Ingrid Peters and composed by Hans Blum.
At Eurovision.
Peters was the fourteenth performer on the night of the Contest, following Belgium and preceding Cyprus. At the close of the voting the song had received 62 points, placing 8th in a field of 20 competing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20198692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198692" title="Ballagat">
Ballagat

Ballagat is a municipality in the Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20198710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198710" title="Naval History Society">
Naval History Society

The Naval History Society was a historical organization that existed in New York City from 1912 to 1936. The collection of documents, books, manuscripts, and memorabilia related to naval and military history was housed in Aeolian Hall on West 42nd Street 1912 to 1925 when it was relocated to the New-York Historical Society and ceased independent operations in 1936 becoming that societies "Naval History Society Collection".
The collection.
Naval History Society Collection is now cataloged with those of the Historical Society, and its 53 individual manuscript collections, referred to as the Naval History Society Collection, including the Society's records, are in the Historical Society's manuscript collection.
Its collections include many named for renowned naval officers or vessels, including Commodore William Bainbridge, Admiral John Barry, USS Boston, James Fenimore Cooper, USS Dictator, John Ericsson (designer of USS Monitor), Gustavus Vasa Fox (assistant Secretary of the Navy under Abraham Lincoln), USS General Grant, Isaac Hull, John Paul Jones, Oliver Hazard Perry, documentation of the Point Lookout confederate prisoner of war camp, as well as logbooks of US Navy, British Navy, and commercial vessels.
The Collection reflects most strongly the personal interest of founding president John Sanford Barnes, son of General James Barnes and a collector of books, manuscripts, and memorabilia connected to naval history and personalities. His son, Col. James Barnes, donated Barnes's collections to the Naval History Society in 1915, where they were subsequently added to by donation and purchase
The majority of the collections document American naval engagements and commercial maritime pursuits, personalities, and vessels; a few collections of British and French documents are included. The collection provides primary sources on American naval involvement in hostilities from the American Revolution (1775–1783) to the Spanish American War (1898), as well as routine commercial and naval shipboard life, naval design, navigation, education and officer training. The Society's records document the founding, management, and activities of a collecting and publishing organization in the first third of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20198712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198712" title="Griffiths Mxenge">
Griffiths Mxenge

Griffiths Mxenge, (27 February 1935 – 19 November 1981) was a South African anti-apartheid activist. Trained as a lawyer, he was assassinated by the apartheid secret police in 1981. He was a member of the African National Congress (ANC). He was sent to Robben Island in 1966 because of his political activities. He was murdered by the Apartheid government agents led by Dirk Coetzee in Umlazi township south of Durban. He had multiple stab wounds and his body was found near the soccer field in Umlazi.
He was married to Victoria Mxenge, who was later also assassinated.

</doc>
<doc id="20198718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198718" title="Plavno">
Plavno

Plavno may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20198720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198720" title="Jógvan Heinason">
Jógvan Heinason

Jógvan Heinason (1541–1602) was First Minister of the Faroe Islands from 1572 to 1583.
Jógvan Heinason was the son of the Norwegian priest Heine Havreki and a Faroese women, Herborg from Húsavík. The son of Heinason's Norwegian step mother, and Heinasons half brother, is the Faroe Islands' most famous seafarer, Magnus Heinason.

</doc>
<doc id="20198721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198721" title="Karbunarë">
Karbunarë

Karbunarë is a municipality in the Lushnjë District, Fier County, western Albania. The municipality has nine towns under its jurisdiction: Karbunarë, Stan-Karbunarë, Kashtbardhë, Zgjanë, Balaj, Kasharaj, Murriz, Skilaj, and Biçakaj.

</doc>
<doc id="20198727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198727" title="Brux">
Brux

Brux may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20198732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198732" title="Felipe Mac Gregor">
Felipe Mac Gregor

Felipe Estanislao Mac Gregor Rolino (*Callao, Peru, September 20, 1914 – October 2, 2004) was a Jesuit and Professor in Peru.
Biography.
Felipe Mac Gregor was born in Callao on September 20, 1914.
He entered the Society of Jesus on 1931 in Cordoba, Argentina. He was ordained as a priest on December 23, 1944.
Former Rector of Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú.

</doc>
<doc id="20198736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198736" title="HR 8799">
HR 8799

HR 8799 is a young (~30 million-year-old) main-sequence star located 129 light years (39 parsecs) away from Earth in the constellation of Pegasus, with roughly 1.5 times the Sun's mass and 4.9 times its luminosity. It is part of a system that also contains a debris disk and at least four massive planets. Those planets, along with Fomalhaut b, were the first extrasolar planets whose orbital motion was confirmed via direct imaging. The designation "HR 8799" is the star's identifier in the Bright Star Catalogue. The star is a Gamma Doradus variable: its luminosity changes because of non-radial pulsations of its surface. The star is also classified as a Lambda Boötis star, which means its surface layers are depleted in iron peak elements. This may be due to the accretion of metal-poor circumstellar gas. It is the only known star which is simultaneously a Gamma Doradus variable, a Lambda Boötis type, and a Vega-like star (a star with excess infrared emission caused by a circumstellar disk).
Stellar properties.
The star HR 8799 is a member of the Lambda Boötis (λ Boo) class, a group of peculiar stars with an unusual lack of metals—elements heavier than hydrogen and helium—in their upper atmosphere. Because of this special status, stars like HR 8799 have a very complex spectral type. The luminosity profile of the Balmer lines in the star's spectrum, as well as the star's effective temperature, best match the typical properties of an F0 V star. However, the strength of the calcium II K absorption line and the other metallic lines are more like those of an A5 V star. The star's spectral type is therefore written as .
Age determination of this star shows some variation based on the method used. Statistically, for stars hosting a debris disk, the luminosity of this star suggests an age of about 20–150 million years. Comparison with stars having similar motion through space gives an age in the range 30–160 million years. Given the star's position on the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram of temperature versus luminosity, it has an estimated age in the range of 30–1,128 million years. λ Boötis stars like this are generally young, with a mean age of a billion years. More accurately, asteroseismology also suggests an age of approximately a billion years. However, this is disputed because it would make the planets become brown dwarfs to fit into the cooling models. Brown dwarfs would not be stable in such a configuration. The best accepted value for an age of HR8799 is 30 million years, consistent with being a member of the Columba Association co-moving group of stars.
Detailed analysis of the star's spectrum reveals that it has a slight overabundance of carbon and oxygen compared to the Sun (by approximately 30% and 10% respectively). While some Lambda Boötis stars have sulfur abundances similar to that of the Sun, this is not the case for HR 8799; the sulfur abundance is only around 35% of the solar level. The star is also poor in elements heavier than sodium: for example, the iron abundance is only 28% of the solar iron abundance. Asteroseismic observations of other pulsating Lambda Boötis stars suggest that the peculiar abundance patterns of these stars are confined to the surface only: the bulk composition is likely more normal. This may indicate that the observed element abundances are the result of the accretion of metal-poor gas from the environment around the star.
Astroseismic analysis using spectroscopic data indicates that the rotational inclination of the star is constrained to be greater than or approximately equal to 40°. This contrasts with the planet's orbital inclinations, which are in roughly the same plane at an angle of about 20° ± 10°. Hence, there may be an unexplained misalignment between the rotation of the star and the orbits of its planets. Observation of this star with the Chandra X-ray Observatory indicates that it has a weak level of magnetic activity, but the X-ray activity is much higher than that of an A-type star like Altair. This suggests that the internal structure of the star more closely resembles that of an F0 star. The temperature of the corona is about 3.0 million K.
Planetary system.
On November 13, 2008, Christian Marois of the National Research Council of Canada's Herzberg Institute of Astrophysics and his team announced they had directly observed three planets orbiting the star with the Keck and Gemini telescopes in Hawaii, in both cases employing adaptive optics to make observations in the infrared. A precovery observation of the outer 3 planets was later found in infrared images obtained in 1998 by the Hubble Space Telescope's NICMOS instrument, after a newly developed image-processing technique was applied. Further observations in 2009–2010 revealed the fourth giant planet orbiting inside the first three planets at a projected separation just less than 15 AU which has now also been confirmed in multiple studies.
The outer planet orbits inside a dusty disk like the Solar Kuiper belt. It is one of the most massive disks known around any star within 300 light years of Earth, and there is room in the inner system for terrestrial planets. There is an additional debris disk just inside the orbit of the innermost planet.
The orbital radii of planets e, d, c and b are 2 to 3 times those of Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune, respectively. Because of the inverse square law relating radiation intensity to distance from the source, comparable radiation intensities are present at distances formula_1 = 2.2 times farther from HR 8799 than from the Sun, meaning that corresponding planets in the solar and HR 8799 systems receive similar amounts of stellar radiation.
These objects are near the upper mass limit for classification as planets; if they exceeded 13 Jupiter masses, they would be capable of deuterium fusion in their interiors and thus qualify as brown dwarfs under the definition of these terms used by the IAU's Working Group on Extrasolar Planets. If the mass estimates are correct, the HR 8799 system is the first multiple-planet extrasolar system to be directly imaged. The orbital motion of the planets is in an anticlockwise direction and was confirmed via multiple observations dating back to 1998. The system is more likely to be stable if the planets "e", "d" and "c" are in a 4:2:1 resonance, which would imply that the orbit the planet "d" has an eccentricity exceeding 0.04 in order to match the observational constraints. Planetary systems with the best-fit masses from evolutionary models would be stable if the outer three planets are in a 1:2:4 orbital resonance (similar to the Laplace resonance between Jupiter's inner three Galilean satellites: Io, Europa and Ganymede as well as three of the planets in the Gliese 876 system). However, it is now believed that planet b is not in resonance with the other 3 planets. If confirmed, the HR 8799 planetary system would be the second extrasolar system to be observed with multiple resonances. The 4 planets are still glowing red hot due to their young age and are larger than Jupiter and over time they will cool and shrink to the size of 0.8 to 1.0 Jupiter radii.
The broadband photometry of planets b, c and d has shown that there may be significant clouds in their atmospheres, while the infrared spectroscopy of planets b and c pointed to non-equilibrium CO/CH4 chemistry. Near-infrared observations with the Project 1640 integral field spectrograph on the Palomar Observatory have shown that compositions between the four planets vary significantly. This is a surprise since the planets presumably formed in the same way from the same disk and have similar luminosities.
Planet Spectra.
A number of studies have used the spectra of HR8799's planets to determine their chemical compositions and constrain their formation scenarios. The first spectroscopic study of planet b (performed at near-infrared wavelengths) detected strong water absorption, which indicates a hydrogen-rich atmosphere. Weak methane and carbon monoxide absorption in this planet's atmosphere was also detected, indicating efficient vertical mixing of the atmosphere and a disequilibrium CO/CH4 ratio at the photosphere. Compared to models of planet atmospheres, this first spectrum of planet b is best matched by a model of enhanced metallicity (about 10 times the metallicity of the Sun), which may support the notion that this planet formed through core-accretion 
The first simultaneous spectra of all four known planets in the HR8799 system were obtained in 2012 using the Project 1640 instrument at Palomar Observatory. The near-infrared spectra from this instrument confirmed the red colors of all four planets and are best matched by models of planet atmospheres that include clouds. Though these spectra do not directly correspond to any known astrophysical objects, some of the planet spectra demonstrate similarities with L- and T-type brown dwarfs and the night-side spectrum of Saturn. The implications of the simultaneous spectra of all four planets obtained with Project 1640 are summarized as follows: Planet b contains ammonia and/or acetylene as well as carbon dioxide, but has little methane; Planet c contains ammonia, perhaps some acetylene but neither carbon dioxide nor substantial methane; Planet d contains acetylene, methane, and carbon dioxide but ammonia is not definitively detected; Planet e contains methane and acetylene but no ammonia or carbon dioxide. The spectrum of planet e is similar to a reddened spectrum of Saturn.
Moderate-resolution near-infrared spectroscopy, obtained with the Keck telescope, definitively detected carbon monoxide and water absorption lines in the atmosphere of planet c. The carbon-to-oxygen ratio, which is thought to be a good indicator of the formation history for giant planets, for planet c was measured to be slightly greater than that of the host star HR8799. The enhanced carbon-to-oxygen ratio and depleted levels of C and O in planet c favor a history in which the planet formed through core accretion. However, it is important to note that conclusions about the formation history of a planet based solely on its composition may be inaccurate if the planet has undergone significant migration, chemical evolution, or core dredging. 
The red colors of the planets may be explained by the presence of iron and silicate atmospheric clouds, while their low surface gravities might explain the strong disequilibrium concentrations of carbon monoxide and the lack of strong methane absorption.
Debris disk.
In January 2009 the Spitzer Space Telescope obtained images of the debris disk around HR 8799. Three components of the debris disk were distinguished:
The halo is unusual and implies a high level of dynamic activity which is likely due to gravitational stirring by the massive planets. The Spitzer team says that collisions are likely occurring among bodies similar to those in our Kuiper Belt and that the three large planets may not yet have settled into their final, stable orbits.
In the photo, the bright, yellow-white portions of the dust cloud come from the outer cold disk. The huge extended dust halo, seen in orange-red, has a diameter of ≈ 2,000 AU. The diameter of Pluto's orbit (≈ 80 AU) is shown for reference as a dot in the centre.
This disk is so thick that it threatens the young system's stability.
Vortex Coronagraph: Testbed for high-contrast imaging technology.
Up until the year 2010, telescopes could only directly image exoplanets under exceptional circumstances. Specifically, it is easier to obtain images when the planet is especially large (considerably larger than Jupiter), widely separated from its parent star, and hot so that it emits intense infrared radiation. However in 2010 a team from NASAs Jet Propulsion Laboratory demonstrated that a vortex coronagraph could enable small scopes to directly image planets. They did this by imaging the previously imaged HR 8799 planets using just a 1.5 m portion of the Hale Telescope.
NICMOS images.
In 2009, an old NICMOS image was processed to show a predicted exoplanet around the star HR 8799, thought to be about 130 light-years from Earth. 
In 2011, around that same star, three exoplanets were rendered viewable in a NICMOS image taken in 1998, using advanced data processing. The exoplanets were originally discovered with the Keck telescopes and the Gemini North telescope between 2007 and 2010. The image allows the planets' orbits to be analyzed better, since they take many decades, even hundreds of Earth years to orbit their host star. In other words, the NICMOS image is especially useful because it is older.

</doc>
<doc id="20198738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198738" title="Alexandria Technical and Community College">
Alexandria Technical and Community College

Alexandria Technical and Community College is a two year technical college in Alexandria, Minnesota, a town of about 13,008 people, and part of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities (MnSCU) system. Approximately 4,000 students are enrolled, with about 60% of those students being enrolled full-time.
Academics.
Alexandria Technical and Community College offers over 50 degree programs, ranging from certificates to Associate of Science and Associate of Applied Science degrees. An Associate of Arts degree is also offered. Most of the programs here involve some form of experiential learning, preparing students for the real world. Class sizes average about 20 students, the labs 18. The campus is one of the few colleges in the state that offers a law enforcement program, which is one of the biggest programs there. Degrees in this field at Alex Tech include a traditional AAS degree, an AS transfer degree, and a career transition degree.
Alexandria Technical and Community College is known for its high placement rate: the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities System (|MnSCU) lists a placement rate for the college of over 90% for several decades. The college is known for its transfer education and specialized skills. Alexandria Technical and Community College was Minnesota's first two year college to be accredited by the Higher Learning Commission. It also has the highest graduation rate for two-year public colleges in the state of Minnesota. It also provides a solid education foundation to transfer for a bachelor's degree.

</doc>
<doc id="20198755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198755" title="Vet Tech Institute at Bradford School">
Vet Tech Institute at Bradford School

Vet Tech Institute at Bradford School is a private educational institution located in Columbus, Ohio, USA. Vet Tech Institute offers training for Veterinary Technician careers. The school provides an Associate of Applied Science Degree which can be completed in 16 months.
Location.
Vet Tech Institute is located in Columbus at 2469 Stelzer Road, Columbus, OH.
Housing.
Vet Tech Institute’s admissions staff provides students with assistance in finding housing.
Accreditation.
The Veterinary Technician program is accredited by the American Veterinary Medical Association (AVMA) Committee on Veterinary Technician Education and Activities (CVTEA) as a program for educating veterinary technicians. This nationally recognized accreditation enables program graduates to sit for the Veterinary Technician National Exam (VTNE) to become licensed veterinary technicians.
Vet Tech Institute is also nationally accredited by the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges of Technology (ACCSCT).
Programs.
The programs has a full veterinary clinic with a full x-ray and surgical setup as well as onsite kennels. Students are educated in handling animal patients, office procedures, anesthesia, sterilization, radiology, pharmacology and other procedures.
A large animal practicum and externship are also included in the program.

</doc>
<doc id="20198788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198788" title="Minnesota State College – Southeast Technical">
Minnesota State College – Southeast Technical

Minnesota State College-Southeast Technical is a technical college with campuses in Red Wing and Winona, Minnesota, which were originally two separate vocational institutes. It is part of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system.
Minnesota State College-Southeast Technical is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission and is a member of the North Central Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20198795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198795" title="Wam, Pakistan">
Wam, Pakistan

Wam is village of Ziarat District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. 
The village was badly affected by the 2008 Pakistan earthquake, quake survivors were trying to shelter in the remains of their homes as temperatures plunged below zero. 

</doc>
<doc id="20198796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198796" title="Uncial 0159">
Uncial 0159

Uncial 0159 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1040 (in the Soden numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Epistle to the Ephesians 4:21-24; 5:1-3, on one parchment leaf (24 cm by 17 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page, in uncial letters. It is a palimpsest, the upper text is in Arabic, it contains the Gospel of Luke. 
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
The codex formerly was held in Qubbat al-Khazna in Damascus. The present location of the codex is unknown. The manuscript currently is not accessible.

</doc>
<doc id="20198811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198811" title="2008 NCAA Division II football season">
2008 NCAA Division II football season

The 2008 NCAA Division II football season, part of college football in the United States organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association at the Division II level, began on August 30, 2008, and concluded with the NCAA Division II Football Championship on December 15, 2008 at Braly Municipal Stadium in Florence, Alabama, hosted by the University of North Alabama. The Minnesota–Duluth Bulldogs defeated the Northwest Missouri State Bearcats, 21–14, to win their first Division II national title. 
The Harlon Hill Trophy was awarded to Bernard Scott, running back from Abilene Christian.
Postseason.
The 2008 NCAA Division II National Football Championship playoffs involved 24 schools playing in a single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division II college football. 
The tournament began on November 15, 2008 and concluded on December 13, 2008 with the 2008 NCAA Division II National Football Championship game at Braly Municipal Stadium near the campus of the University of North Alabama in Florence, Alabama.
In the championship game the University of Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs defeated the Northwest Missouri State University Bearcats, 21-14. 
Playoff format.
The first-round games were conducted on the campus of one of the competing institutions as determined by the NCAA Division II Football Committee. Two teams in each super regional earned first-round byes. The first-round winners advanced to face a bye team in their super regional. Second-round winners met in the quarterfinals and quarterfinal winners advanced to play in the semifinals.
First-round, second-round, quarterfinal and semifinal games were played on the campus of one of the competing institutions as determined by the NCAA Division II Football Committee. The home team at the championship was determined by the Division II Football Committee and the Shoals National Championship Committee.
National television coverage.
The championship game was played at Braly Municipal Stadium in Florence, Alabama and broadcast live on ESPN2 on December 16.
The semifinal games were broadcast on ESPN2 (North Alabama vs. Northwest Mo., 4pm EST) and ESPN Classic (California (PA) vs. Minnesota-Duluth, 12pm EST) on December 6.
The Superregional championship (quarterfinal) games were broadcast on ESPN2 and ESPN Classic on November 29.
Tournament Notes.
Individual game results.
Round 1.
Seton Hill vs. American International.
The Seton Hill Griffins deflected and intercepted a pass by the American International quarterback Rob Parent with 5:45 left and scored with 5:02 remaining for a 14-7 win over the Yellow Jackets' in the first-ever NCAA playoff game for both programs.
S. Connecticutt vs. West Chester.
West Chester defeated Southern Connecticut State, 52-32, as Jackson Fagan rushed for 172 yards and three touchdowns. Fagan scored on runs of 61, 7 and 4 yards. QB Joe Wright threw for 250 yards and two touchdowns and the Golden Rams also scored on a 22-yard interception return by defensive tackle Scott Schiavo.
Wayne State vs. Chadron State.
Wayne State quarterback Silas Fluellen completed 17 of 40 passes for 236 yards and a touchdown, but could not overcome the 243 yards and three touchdowns by Chadron State quarterback Joe McLain who left the game with an injury as the Eagles defeated the Wildcats, 23-17. Wayne State had four turnovers inside the 10-yard line in the game.
Minnesota State vs. Ashland.
In its first ever home playoff game the Ashland University Eagles defeated the Minnesota State-Mankato Mavericks, 27-16. Quarterback Billy Cundiff threw a 66-yard scoring completion to Joe Horn with 11:56 remaining in the fourth quarter as the Eagles took the lead for good. Previously, Ashland was 0-3 in the school's playoff history.
Carson-Newman vs. Valdosta State.
The Valdosta State Blazers fell behind early, but rallied in the second half to defeat Carson-Newman Eagles, 24-20. Ronnye Nelson ran for 83 rushing yards and 59 receiving yards for the Blazers. The win was the fifth straight playoff win for the Blazers, the defending NCAA Division II Champions.
Albany State vs. Tusculum.
The Tusculum College Pioneers only led the final 3:31 of the game against the Albany State Rams, but scored on three fourth quarter drives to win 34-22. Senior quarterback Corey Russell finished the game with 87 yards rushing and two touchdowns on 15 carries and was 23-of-38 passing for 274 yards and three touchdowns for the Pioneers. Tusculum maintained its streak of no games lost at home in two seasons.
Nebraska-Omaha vs Pittsburg State.
Quarterback Mark Smith scored a rushing touchdown that put the Pittsburg State Gorillas out of range of the late-surging University of Nebraska-Omaha Mavericks in a 33-21 win. The 24th-ranked Mavericks took the lead in game, 21-20, with 13:05 left in the game, but the Gorillas took back the lead, 26-21 with 5:27 left in the game. Smith scored on a 32-yard touchdown with 2:10 left in the game to seal the win. Smith finished with 365 yards of total offensive, including 212 rushing yards for the Gorillas.
C. Washington vs. West Texas.
Keith Flemming put the West Texas A&M Buffaloes ahead for good with a 6-yard run late in the second quarter in a 49-42 victory over Central Washington Wildcats. Flemming ran for four touchdowns and Keith Null threw three touchdown passes (35 of 49 passes for 463 yards and one interception).
Round 2.
West Chester vs. Bloomsburg.
The West Chester Golden Rams got a late touchdown pass but failed to recover an onside kick as Bloomsburg held on for a 28-21 victory. A 62-yard interception return for a touchdown by Jesse Cooper in the fourth quarter gave the Huskies a 21-14 lead. Bloomsburg scored on a 28-yard touchdown pass with 3:41 left in the fourth to extend the lead to 28-14.
California (PA) vs. Seton Hill.
California University of Pennsylvania's QB Kevin McCabe threw three touchdowns as the Vulcan's defeated Seton Hill, 48-7. McCabe completed 19 of 24 passes for 253 yards. Terrence Johnson ran an 82-yard kickoff return for a touchdown. Seton Hill's lone score came on a 30-yard fumble return for a touchdown.
Chadron State vs. Minnesota Duluth.
Minnesota Duluth held Chadron State to just 8 yards rushing for the game in a 20-10 victory. The Bulldogs held the ball for nearly 40 minutes while gaining 388 yards in total offense. The Eagles gained 178 yards in total offense.
Ashland vs. Grand Valley State.
The Grand Valley State, the top seed in Super Region 3, defeated Ashland University, 40-7. The Lakers scored on their first two possessions and built a 24-0 halftime lead. Ashland only score came on the first play of the fourth quarter as quarterback Billy Cundiff hit Christian Livingston with an 8-yard touchdown pass. Grand Valley answered on the next offensive play with a 62-yard touchdown run. The Laker's defense ended with the eight sacks and nine tackles for lost yardage.
Valdosta State vs. North Alabama.
North Alabama avenged last season's quarterfinal playoff loss to defending Division II Champion Valdosta State, 37-10, as QB A.J. Milwee threw for 167 yards and one touchdown and ran for another score. The Lions took a 16-3 halftime lead and scored two touchdowns in the third quarter and one in the fourth quarter to seal the win. Valdosta State only touchdown came as Dudley Spence returned a fumble 55-yard for a score in the fourth quarter.
Tusculum vs. Delta State.
Delta State compiled 529 yards of offense as QB while Garrett DeWitt threw for 344 yards and backup quarterback Blake Barnes rushed for two touchdowns as the Statesmen defeated Tusculum, 27-19. The Statesmen defense held allowed 425 (310 in the air) but forced Tusculum into three turnovers. The win advanced Delta State to the Division II playoff quarterfinals for the third straight year.
Pittsburg State vs. Northwest Mo..
Northwest Missouri State came from behind to defeat Pittsburg State 38-35. Pittsburg State took the lead with 3 minutes, 30 seconds remaining, but QB Joel Osborn threw a 15-yard touchdown pass to Kendall Wright with 55 seconds left gave the Bearcats a victory. The Gorillas racked up 408 total yards of offense as QB Mark Smith rushed for 123 yards and passed for 185 yards.
West Texas vs. Abilene Christian.
The Abilene Christian University Wildcats set a record for points in an NCAA playoff game (93) as they scored touchdowns on 13 of its 15 possessions in a 93-68 defeat of West Texas A&M. The Wildcats compiled 810 total yards as quarterback Billy Malone threw six touchdown passes, each to a different receiver, and completed 16 of 25 passes for 383 yards. Bernard Scott rushed for 292 yards on 19 carries and scored seven touchdowns. 
West Texas was led by quarterback Keith Null (42-of-63, 595 yards, seven touchdowns), and Charly Martin who had 14 catches for 323 yards and five TDs as the Buffs compiled 721 total yards of offense.
The Wildcats will play Northwest Missouri State in the national quarterfinals, a rematch of ACU's 44-27 victory on Aug. 30.
Super Regional finals.
California (PA) vs. Bloomsburg.
California of Pennsylvania eliminated Bloomsburg University, 27-24, to advance to the semifinals. The Vulcans scored two third-quarter touchdowns to take a 27-17 lead, but Bloomsburg scored on a 1-yard run by quarterback Dan Latorre to close the gap to 27-24. The Huskies were attempting a game winning drive, but the Vulcans linebacker Darren Burns forced a fumble by Latorre on a 28-yard quarterback draw and Brandon Gordon recovered the fumble for the 
Vulcans. The Vulcans then ran out the clock.
Minnesota Duluth vs. Grand Valley.
Sophomore linebacker Kiel Fechtelkotter intercepted a pass from Grand Valley State quarterback Brad Iciek in the second overtime to seal a 19-13 double-overtime victory. UMD scored a touchdown in the second overtime, but the Lakers blocked the extra-point attempt. Two plays later, Fechtelkotter made the interception, ending the game.
North Alabama vs. Delta State.
The Lions avenged their only loss this season, defeating Delta State, 55-34. While defense gave up 541 yards in total offense to the Statesmen, they also forced six turnovers total and scored twice on defense (interception returns for touchdowns by Darron Dampier and Michael Johnson). Wide receiver Joemal Campbell caught two touchdown passes and blocked a punt for the Lions.
Northwest Mo. vs. Abilene Christian.
Northwest Missouri State secured their fourth straight trip to the NCAA Division II semifinals with a 45-36 victory against Abilene Christian. The Bearcats' quarterback Joel Osborn threw for 247 yards (19-of-28) and two touchdowns. Backup quarterback Blake Bolles finished with 69 yards through the air and one touchdown pass, and 51 yards rushing and one touchdown run.
Semifinals.
California (PA) vs. Minnesota Duluth.
A week after upsetting Grand Valley State, the Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs advanced to the National Championship game with a 45-7 victory over California (Pa.). The Bulldogs held the Vulcans to their lowest rushing total of the season, while forcing five turnovers. California had averaged nearly 200 yards rushing and 38 points per game this season. Isaac Odim rushed for 126 yards and scored four touchdowns for the Bulldogs.
North Alabama vs. Northwest Mo..
Northwest Missouri State Bearcats played turnover-free football while forcing two North Alabama turnovers en route to a 41-7 victory. The Bearcats defense held North Alabama to one touchdown as they advanced to their fourth straight national championship game. 
Championship.
The Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs won the school's first NCAA Division II football championship in a 21-14 win over the Northwest Missouri State Bearcats. Minnesota Duluth's quarterback Ted Schlafke threw 38-yard touchdown pass to Tony Doherty with 14 seconds left in the second quarter to give the Bulldogs a 7-0 lead. Later he threw a 5-yard touchdown midway through the third quarter to Issac Odim for a 14-0 lead. Odim ran for a 4-yard touchdown early in the fourth quarter for a 21-0 lead. Northwest Missouri's first score came on a 44-yard interception return by Aldwin Foster-Rettig cutting the score to 21-7. The Bearcats cut the lead to 21-14 as Raphael Robinson scored on a 2-yard touchdown catch with 1:36 left in the game. Minnesota Duluth recovered an onside kick attempt and ran out the clock.
Minnesota Duluth finished the season with a 15-0 record. Northwest Missouri ended the season with a 13-2 record and suffered its fourth consecutive loss in the Division II championship game.

</doc>
<doc id="20198823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198823" title="Ísak Guttormsson">
Ísak Guttormsson

Ísak Guttormsson was, from 1583 to 1588, First Minister of the Faroe Islands.
Guttormsson lived on Suðuroy, Faroe Islands, where he had land in Nes and Vágur. Guttormsson was the son of Guttormur Andrasson, former First Minister of the Faroe Islands. Little else is known about Ísak Guttormsson from history.

</doc>
<doc id="20198831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198831" title="Nadia Hațegan">
Nadia Hațegan

Nadia Hațegan (b. August 13, 1979 in Mediaş, Romania) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast. She a double world champion with the team (1994 and 1995) and a three time gold medalist at European Championships (1992, 1993, and 1994).

</doc>
<doc id="20198857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198857" title="Thomas–Fermi model">
Thomas–Fermi model

The Thomas–Fermi (TF) model, named after Llewellyn Thomas and Enrico Fermi, is a quantum mechanical theory for the electronic structure of many-body systems developed semiclassically shortly after the introduction of the Schrödinger equation. It stands separate from wave function theory as being formulated in terms of the electronic density alone and as such is viewed as a precursor to modern density functional theory. The TF model is correct only in the limit of an infinite nuclear charge. Using the approximation for realistic systems yields poor quantitative predictions, even failing to reproduce some general features of the density such as shell structure in atoms and Friedel oscillations in solids. It has, however, found modern applications in many fields through the ability to extract qualitative trends analytically and with the ease at which the model can be solved. The kinetic energy expression of Thomas–Fermi theory is also used as a component in more sophisticated density approximation to the kinetic energy within modern orbital-free density functional theory.
Working independently, Thomas and Fermi used this statistical model in 1927 to approximate the distribution of electrons in an atom. Although electrons are distributed nonuniformly in an atom, an approximation was made that the electrons are distributed uniformly in each small volume element "ΔV" (i.e. locally) but the electron density formula_1 can still vary from one small volume element to the next.
Kinetic energy.
For a small volume element "ΔV", and for the atom in its ground state, we can fill out a spherical momentum space volume "Vf"  up to the Fermi momentum "p""f" , and thus,
where formula_3 is a point in "ΔV".
The corresponding phase space volume is 
The electrons in "ΔVph"  are distributed uniformly with two electrons per "h3" of this phase space volume, where "h" is Planck's constant. Then the number of electrons in "ΔVph"  is
The number of electrons in "ΔV"  is
where formula_7 is the electron density.
Equating the number of electrons in "ΔV" to that in "ΔVph"  gives,
The fraction of electrons at formula_9 that have momentum between "p" and "p+dp" is,
Using the classical expression for the kinetic energy of an electron with mass "me", the kinetic energy per unit volume at formula_9 for the electrons of the atom is,
where a previous expression relating formula_1 to formula_14 has been used and,
Integrating the kinetic energy per unit volume formula_16 over all space, results in the total kinetic energy of the electrons,
This result shows that the total kinetic energy of the electrons can be expressed in terms of only the spatially varying electron density formula_18 according to the Thomas–Fermi model. As such, they were able to calculate the energy of an atom using this expression for the kinetic energy combined with the classical expressions for the nuclear-electron and electron-electron interactions (which can both also be represented in terms of the electron density).
Potential energies.
The potential energy of an atom's electrons, due to the electric attraction of the positively charged nucleus is,
where formula_20 is the potential energy of an electron at formula_21 that is due to the electric field of the nucleus.
For the case of a nucleus centered at formula_22 with charge "Ze", where "Z" is a positive integer and "e" is the elementary charge, 
The potential energy of the electrons due to their mutual electric repulsion is,
Total energy.
The total energy of the electrons is the sum of their kinetic and potential energies,
Inaccuracies and improvements.
Although this was an important first step, the Thomas–Fermi equation's accuracy is limited because the resulting expression for the kinetic energy is only approximate, and because the method does not attempt to represent the exchange energy of an atom as a conclusion of the Pauli principle. A term for the exchange energy was added by Dirac in 1928.
However, the Thomas–Fermi–Dirac theory remained rather inaccurate for most applications. The largest source of error was in the representation of the kinetic energy, followed by the errors in the exchange energy, and due to the complete neglect of electron correlation.
In 1962, Edward Teller showed that Thomas–Fermi theory cannot describe molecular bonding – the energy of any molecule calculated with TF theory is higher than the sum of the energies of the constituent atoms. More generally, the total energy of a molecule decreases when the bond lengths are uniformly increased. This can be overcome by improving the expression for the kinetic energy.
The Thomas–Fermi kinetic energy can be improved by adding to it the Weizsäcker (1935) correction:, which can then make a much improved Thomas–Fermi–Dirac–Weizsaecher density functional theory (TFDW-DFT), which would be equivalent to the Hartree and then Hartree-Fock mean field theories which do not treat static electron correlation (treated by the CASSCF theory developed by Bjorn Roos' group in Lund, Sweden), and dynamic correlation (treated by both Moeller–Plesset perturbation theory to second order (MP2) or CASPT2, the extension of MP2 theory to systems not well treated by simple single reference/configuration methods like Hartree–Fock theory and Kohn–Sham DFT. Note that KS-DFT has also been extended to treat systems for which the ground electronic state is not well represented by either a single Slater determinant of Hartree–Fock or "Kohn–Sham" orbitals, the so-called CAS-DFT method, also being developed in the group of Bjorn Roos in Lund.

</doc>
<doc id="20198873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198873" title="Norton Manx">
Norton Manx

The Norton Manx or Manx Norton is a British racing motorcycle that was made from 1947 to 1962 by Norton Motors Ltd. A Norton had contested every Isle of Man TT race from the inaugural 1907 event through into the 1970s, a feat unrivalled by any other manufacturer, and the development and honing of the Manx racing motorcycle was another step in this racing achievement.
New Manx Nortons, built to various specifications are still available to buy new, from various suppliers around the world. These suit different categories and definitions of Classic Motorcycle Racing and Historic Motorcycle Racing in different countries around the world.
Norton's first use of the name 'Manx' was applied to the 'Manx Grand Prix' model available from 1936-1940, a special racing version of their 'International' roadster, with telescopic forks and a plunger rear suspension, magnesium for the crankcases and cambox, and no provision for lighting. Just after WW2, the 'Grand Prix' was dropped, and Norton named their 1947 racing model the 'Manx'. It was a lightly redesigned prewar racing Norton International, an overhead cam single-cylinder machine available as a 350cc or 500cc. The Norton factory race bikes under team manager Joe Craig were experimental models, and a version was available to buy from the factory in Bracebridge Street - to selected customers. Fitted with the McCandless brothers Featherbed frame for 1950, the Manx gained a new lease of racing life as a racing machine, the new frame giving the fine steering necessary for high speed navigation of some very fast racing circuits of the time.
The last Bracebridge Street (the original home of Norton) Manx Nortons were sold in 1963. Even though Norton had pulled out of International Grand Prix racing in 1954, the Manx had become the backbone of privateer racing. The Classic Motorcycle Racing movement from the 1970s onwards has seen relatively large numbers of Manxs return to the track, and a flourishing supply of parts and services has appeared all around the world to nourish this demand.
Development.
The Norton Manx was developed to win the Isle of Man TT from single overhead cam international racers by Norton racing team engineer Joe Craig. The double overhead cam configuration was developed in 1937 and after many problems perfected one year later. The "Manx" was delayed by the outbreak of World War II but reemerged for the 1946 Manx Grand Prix. The motorcycle was upgraded with new telescopic forks and in 1948 gained twin leading shoe brakes. In 1950 the innovative Featherbed frame was developed, giving the Manx a significant competitive advantage through a low centre of gravity and short wheelbase that was perfectly suited the challenging island TT course. The all-welded, tubular featherbed frame was light and trim, without the usual forgings that added unnecessary weight. In 1950, the featherbed Manx recorded a double hat-trick of podium positions at the TT. The Manx engine was redesigned in 1953 with a much shorter stroke of to improve the rev range.
The major 1954 upgrade to the Manx was to have been a laid-down engine design, with lower centre of gravity – along the lines of the Moto Guzzi and Benelli racers. However, a decline in sales in the mid 1950s prompted a number of manufacturers to withdraw from GP racing in 1954, and Nortons did likewise. The Norton F Type Manx, as it was to have been, still exists, and restored is displayed in the Sammy Millers Museum Collection. With Nortons withdrawal from racing, Joe Craig retired after more than 25 years of coaxing ever more power and reliability from his single cylinder "Cammy" racers.
Les Archer Norton Manx MX.
British racer Les Archer, Jr. worked with frame specialist Ron Hankins and engine tuner Ray Petty to develop a Norton Manx for motocross competition. The double-overhead-cam, short-stroke Norton Manx road racing engine was fitted into a Hankins frame and finished with an aluminium tank and titanium axles. The Manx MX was successful, winning the 1956 F.I.M. 500 cc European Motocross Championship, but was not able to compete with the emerging two-stroke bikes. 
Car racing.
Manx Nortons also played a significant role in the development of post war car racing. At the end of 1950, the English national 500 cc regulations were adopted as the new Formula 3. The JAP Speedway engine had dominated the category initially but the Manx was capable of producing significantly more power and became the engine of choice. Many complete motorcycles were bought in order to strip the engine for 500 cc car racing, as Norton would not sell separate engines. Manx rolling chassis were frequently sold on and paired with Triumph 500 cc twin engines to create Triton cafe racers.
Endings and beginnings.
1962 was the last full year for the production Norton Manx. In July AMC announced the transfer of production from Bracebridge Street to Woolwich in London. Forty two Manx Nortons were produced between November 1962 and January 1963. In 1966 Colin Seeley purchased what remained of the spares and tools, which he eventually sold on to John Tickle in 1969. When Godfrey Nash rode a Norton Manx to victory at the 1969 Yugoslavian Grand Prix at the Opatija Circuit, it would mark the last time that a 500cc Grand Prix race was won on a single-cylinder machine.
John Tickle took over the Manx name when Norton ceased production and acquired a large quantity of spare parts. He also manufactured complete racers, called the Manx T5 (500) and T3 (350). Both used the short-stroke Manx engines in a frame designed by Tickle but he could not compete against the Japanese racers and sold his stock and the rights in the late 1970s to Unity Equipe, a retail spares business in Rochdale, UK.
The manufacturing rights then passed in 1994 to Andy Molnar, an engineer based in Preston, UK who firstly produced parts faithful to the original 1961 drawings, followed by engines then complete machines named "Molnar Manx". A road-version with alternator and 'softer' engine spec is also available in conjunction with ex-racer Steve Tonkin, called "Tonkin Tornado" with a 2013 base-price of £34,000 (GBP)

</doc>
<doc id="20198878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198878" title="Selima Kurumova">
Selima Kurumova

Selima Kurumova (1914–1968) was a Chechen writer.
Born in Grozny to a prominent Chechen family, Selima Kurumova began writing towards the beginning of World War II. Her stories began to be published in the late 1950s, mainly in the literary almanac ""Orga"" and republican newspapers. The stories soon garnered attention, and in 1966, Kurumova published a collection of short stories. 
Kurumova's education in world literature was reflected in works such as the short story ""Fog"". The heroes of "Fog," Zovra and Zabiat, are a Chechen Romeo and Juliet - their deaths caused by the cruelty and envy of people around them. As such, it is seen as a commentary on the defects of Chechen society .

</doc>
<doc id="20198891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198891" title="St. Ivan Rilski Chapel">
St. Ivan Rilski Chapel

The St. Ivan Rilski Chapel (St. John of Rila Chapel, ) at the Bulgarian base St. Kliment Ohridski on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands is the first Eastern Orthodox edifice in Antarctica, and the southernmost Eastern Orthodox building of worship in the world (cf. Trinity Church, Antarctica). The three foundation stones of the 3.5 by 3.5m building were laid on 9 December 2001 by Protodeacon Lyubomir Bratoev, and the completed Chapel was consecrated on 9 February 2003.
The Chapel’s bell was donated by Nikola Vasilev, ex-Vice Premier of Bulgaria who worked as a doctor at the Bulgarian base in the 1993/94 season, while the roof cross was donated by the Bulgarian artist Dicho Kapushev. The Chapel features an icon of Jesus Christ the Bridegroom by the Bulgarian artist Georgi Dimov, and an icon of St. Ivan Rilski donated by President Georgi Parvanov of Bulgaria who visited and lit a candle in the Chapel on 15 January 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20198896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198896" title="Zeenat Karzai">
Zeenat Karzai

Dr. Zeenat Quraishi Karzai is the wife of Afghan President Hamid Karzai and the First Lady of Afghanistan. Originally from the city of Kandahar, she moved to Kabul where she lives at the Presidential Palace with her husband and son.
Personal life.
Born and raised in the southern Afghan city of Kandahar, the daughter of a civil servant, Zenat Quraishi moved to Kabul after high school to attend Kabul University. She is an ethnic Pashtun.
In 1993, she and her family escaped from the civil war to neighboring Quetta in Balochistan, Pakistan. She was a gynaecologist by profession, and has worked in hospitals treating Afghan refugees in Pakistan before she married Hamid Karzai.
Social life.
She is a distant relative of the President and they have a son who was born in 2007, named "Mirwais Karzai". Dr. Zeenat belongs to the Quraish family line and her husband Karzai is from the Popalzai tribe.
In Kabul.
She has been in Kabul for more than seven years but she rarely ventures beyond the layers of security of the presidential palace, which includes four security checkpoints, two body searches and a secret code word. Although during her early years, before the 2004 presidential election, she used to go shopping alone. Most Afghans are not even aware that their president, Hamid Karzai, has been married since 1999.
For a president who has been credited for helping the women of Afghanistan regain their civil rights, Karzai has been criticized for being overly conservative with his own spouse. Many have accused Karzai of keeping the first lady out of the media’s reach over fears of criticism from conservative mullahs and religious leaders. 

</doc>
<doc id="20198982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198982" title="Academy of the New Church Secondary Schools">
Academy of the New Church Secondary Schools

The Academy of the New Church Secondary Schools consists of an accredited, private girls' school and boys' school providing 9th through 12th graders with an education inspired by the New Church, an international Christian faith based on the teachings of Emanuel Swedenborg.
History.
The Academy began in Philadelphia in 1876, under the leadership of the Rev. Chancellor W. H. Benade. Its primary goal was to prepare men for the priesthood of the New Church. Following the establishment of the Theological School and a collegiate department, later to become Bryn Athyn College, the Boys School was established in 1881. In 1884, a Girls School, privately set up by Sarah DeCharms Hibbard, merged with the Academy.
At the start of the 20th century, the schools had been relocated to in what was then the countryside near Philadelphia, in Montgomery County. Funding from PPG Industries founder John Pitcairn enabled the construction of the new campus. Later, in the 1960s, the college moved to a separate, adjacent campus.
Description.
The two schools today have an enrollment of approximately 250 students. The campus is located in Bryn Athyn, near Philadelphia, in a quiet, wooded setting. The campus is over one hundred years old, and contains academic, administrative, athletic, residential, and cultural facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20198995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20198995" title="Idemitsu Kosan">
Idemitsu Kosan

Idemitsu is the second largest petroleum refiner in Japan, after Nippon Oil. It is ranked as the 262nd largest company in the world by revenue in Fortune Global 500 2008. It is number 26 in petroleum refining. Only publicly traded since 2006, Idemitsu Kosan is not listed on the Nikkei 225 stock index or the Topix 100, but instead in Topix Mid 400.
History.
Sazō Idemitsu founded in 1911, selling lubricant oil for Nippon Oil in Moji, northern Kyushu. He expanded to selling fuel oil for fishing boats in Shimonoseki.
After success in Japan, Idemitsu & Co. expanded to Manchuria (China) in 1914 where the Japanese-owned South Manchuria Railroad Co. Ltd. was a major customer of lubricant. A branch was opened in Dalian, northeast China and Idemitsu attempted to enter the Chinese market that was dominated by western companies like Standard Oil and the Asiatic Petroleum Company (a Shell subsidiary). The company extended through northern China and into Korea and Taiwan.
After the Japanese invasion of Manchuria in 1932 the oil trade became government controlled and Idemitsu was forced to scale back. Instead he went into transport by oil tanker. In 1940 the headquarters were moved to Tokyo and the name changed to the current Idemitsu Kosan K.K. (kabushiki kaisha: stock company). With the Japanese military expansion and United States joining the Pacific War the government took control of all industries.
After the war Idemitsu Kosan lost its overseas trade with the Allied occupation of Japan. It was among the ten petroleum suppliers selected by the Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) and cut its ties with Nippon Oil. Idemitsu began importing naphtha (an intermediate oil product) first from the United States and later from Venezuela and Iran. The protectionist Oil Industry Law helped Idemitsu against foreign competition in Japan, but also made owning its own refineries important. Idemitsu's first Tokuyama Refinery opened in 1957. This was followed by the Chiba oil refinery in 1963, Hyogo oil refinery in 1970, the Hokkaido oil refinery in 1973, and the Aichi oil refinery in 1975.
In 1953 Idemitsu sent its large tanker "Nisshomaru" to Iran to purchase oil. Iranian prime minister Mohammed Mosaddeq had recently nationalized the oil fields and was under British-led embargo (Abadan Crisis). Idemitsu managed to buy the oil at 30% below market price and displeased the British. This was popular with the Japanese public but got Idemitsu in conflict with the Japanese government and MITI. Later the same year was the 1953 Iranian coup d'état. In the 1960s, Idemitsu imported crude oil from Russia. Again, it got a good price at 40% below market value but angered the United States who decided to boycott Idemitsu when buying fuel for its military jets in Japan. Idemitsu called the boycott "an odd Christmas gift" but "utterly negligible." In 1978 it broke off contracts with the Soviet Union.
The company also came in conflict with the Petroleum Association of Japan which was set up by MITI to restrict production and Idemitsu even left the organization. In 1965 the seamen's union went on strike, the first of its kind in Japan. This led to petroleum shortages. Idemitsu then ignored the quotas and produced at full speed. When the price control and production quotas were removed in 1966, Idemitsu rejoined the PAJ. To please the MITI, Sazō Idemitsu's younger brother Keisuke Idemitsu took over as company president, while Sazō became chairman of the board, keeping the actual control.
The company continued its vertical integration strategy of controlling the whole supply chain with more tankers and opening petrol depots and warehouses. In 1976 it started drilling for oil and gas in the offshore Aga Field in the Niigata Prefecture (Sea of Japan). Commercial production began in 1984. Idemitsu took interest in foreign oil fields, and in 1987 it started an oil field in southeast Turkey with Finnish company Neste Oy. Idemitsu acquired stake in Norwegian Snorre oil field and in Australia, as well as participating in oil drilling around the world.
The company diversified into coal, importing from Australia and bought mines in Muswellbrook, New South Wales and Ebenezer, Queensland. It became the largest coal mining company in Japan and developed the coal cartridge system for small users. It worked on geothermal power experiments and uranium mining in Canada with Cameco and Cogema. The sharp 1985 price drop on oil made Idemitsu's non-oil operations less profitable.
Japanese import restrictions on oil once again came under debate. As in 1962, Idemitsu favored opening up to foreign competition, in opposition to most of the Japanese oil industry. The Japanese government eventually settled on a compromise that would slowly open for free importation and remove production quotas on refineries.
In the 1990s, Idemitsu began opening service stations outside Japan, in Portugal and Puerto Rico, as well as a lubricant factory in the United States. Oil industry deregulation took big leaps with the abolishment of the Special Petroleum Law and self-service pumps became legal. Toward the end of the 1990s, the demand in Japan decreased due to the long economic crisis. The oil industry was too large and many companies merged. At the turn of the century, Idemitsu Kosan was the only major oil refining company in Japan that had not merged. The company was entirely held by the Idemitsu family and company employees.
In 2006 Idemitsu Kosan became publicly traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange after an initial public offering (IPO), raising 109.4 billion yen.
The liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) subsidiaries of Idemitsu Kosan and Mitsubishi merged on April 1, 2006 to form the .
Oil extraction and shipping.
The daughter company Idemitsu Oil & Gas Co., Ltd. produces about of crude oil per day. The primary sources is Idemitsus stake in Norwegian oil fields in the North Sea (North Sea oil). The first and largest Snorre oil field has been followed by several more. In the Sea of Japan, Idemitsu has oil platforms in Niigata prefecture near Aga and Iwafune, but the production is small. There are exploration projects in Vietnam, Thailand and Cambodia. In Vietnam, the exploration is together with Russian Zarubezhneft and the Vietnam Oil & Gas Group (Petro Vietnam).
Idemitsu Kosan owns 12 oil tankers for international use.
Refining.
Idemitsu owns four refineries:
The Hyogo and Okinawa refineries were closed in 2003 after an agreement that Nippon Oil would supply Idemitsu Kosan with of petroleum products.
There are 30 operating refineries in Japan with total capacity of , giving Idemitsu Kosan a 13% share of the refining capacity. The company claims between 14% and 34% market share for different products.
Petroleum.
Idemitsu operates 5,250 service stations, many under the Apollo brand.
Petrochemical products.
Idemitsu Petrochemical runs two petrochemical plants in Chiba and Tokuyama. It produces a variety of basic chemicals supplied to chemical industries, in Japan and abroad. In Europe it markets through Idemitsu Chemicals Europe PLC. Basic chemicals produced includes olefins such as ethylene and propylene, and aromatics like benzene, para-xylene and styrene monomer. It is also a supplier of plastics for uses such as CD pressing and circuit boards. The two naphtha crackers can produce up to 997,000 tonnes of ethylene per year.
Lubricants, Idemitsu's first product is a major area. It also produces fluorescent materials for OLED displays. A joint venture with German company BASF, BASF Idemitsu Co. Ltd., produces 1,4-Butanediol for the Japanese market at Idemitsu's Chiba plant. Idemitsu also produces some medical drugs.
Intellectual property.
Following a 2009 cross-licensing agreement between LG Display Co., Ltd. and Idemitsu Kosan's OLED materials business, Idemitsu Kosan purchased a 32.73% stake in Global OLED Technology LLC in June 2010. For $100 million, LG purchased Kodak's organic light emitting diode business in December 2009 and created Global OLED Technology to administer and develop a portfolio of 2,200 patents based on Kodak research.

</doc>
<doc id="20199027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199027" title="Sandbach RUFC">
Sandbach RUFC

Sandbach RUFC is a rugby union team based in the Cheshire town of Sandbach. It operates four Senior sides, Junior and Senior Colts and ten Mini/Junior teams. The first XV plays in the fifth tier of the English league system — National League 3 Midlands. The second XV plays in the Bateman BMW Premier League with the third and fourth teams playing in the Raging Bull Division 3 South and Raging Bull Division 5 South respectively.
History.
Sandbach RUFC, formally known as Old Sandbachians RUFC (after Sandbach School for Boys), was formed in 1936 but became defunct during World War II. The Club reformed in 1956 and used one of the Sandbach School's rugby pitches on which to play home games. Local premises near to the school playing fields were used as changing rooms and the Iron Grey, a local pub, was used as a base for after match hospitality. Old boys from Sandbach School were encouraged back to the game and the Club grew from strength to strength.
In 1960 the Club began admitting non-old boys and in May 1961 a piece of land on Middlewich Road which backed onto Sandbach School premises was purchased and the first Clubhouse was built. In the summer of 1980 Old Sandbachians moved from Middlewich Road to Bradwell Road where a new Clubhouse and pitches had been developed. By the start of season 1981–82 the Club had changed its name from Old Sandbachians to Sandbach Rugby Club.
Sandbach has a rich history of producing top quality players and over the past 20 years the Mini/Junior section has produced a steady stream of top flight players. In the spring of 2012, Premiership side, Sale Sharks featured five ex-Sandbach players in a Premiership game against Wasps.
In 2011, Sandbach became a CASC (Community Amateur Sports Club), reaffirming their principles of not paying players and staying true to their vision as a community based club. In 2012 the club celebrated winning the North 1 West league and with the ensuing promotion celebrated its first ever season of National League Rugby in 2012–13.

</doc>
<doc id="20199040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199040" title="1985 Detroit Lions season">
1985 Detroit Lions season

The 1985 Detroit Lions season was their 56th in the National Football League. The team improved upon their previous season's output of 4–11–1, winning seven games. Despite the improvement, the team missed the playoffs for the second straight year.

</doc>
<doc id="20199070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199070" title="Hekal">
Hekal

Hekal is a municipality in the Mallakastër District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20199088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199088" title="Genval railway station">
Genval railway station

Genval is a railway station in Genval, Walloon Brabant, Belgium. The station opened in 1889 on the Line 161 (Brussels - Namur).
Architecture.
The railway station has been built by architect G. De Lulle in 1910, as attested by the inscription "Anno 1910" above the main entrance. The architectural style of the station is not Art nouveau but eclectic. The building, made of orange and yellow bricks, consists of a high central building with a low-rise extension on each side. The rear façade of the station presents a porch roof (or glass porch).
Art nouveau decoration.
The Art nouveau decoration of the frontage consists of four beautiful ceramic panels and four sgraffiti, depicting red poppy flowers, plus one sgraffito depicting the "winged wheel", symbol of the railway since the nineteenth century. This "winged wheel" refers to Hermes, god of the travellers.
Train services.
The following services currently the serve the station:
Bus services.
The following service(s) serve the station, operated by TEC.

</doc>
<doc id="20199089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199089" title="The Lady of May">
The Lady of May

The Lady of May is a one-act play by the English Renaissance poet Sir Philip Sidney. The play, which draws upon the literary tradition of pastoral, is notable for its allegorical content relating to Queen Elizabeth I, for whom the first production was performed at the Earl of Leicester's country estate at Wanstead. Queen Elizabeth was asked to mediate the outcome of the masque itself.
Plot summary.
A woman approaches the queen whilst walking in Wanstead Garden as a supplicant, saying that her daughter - the Lady of May - has two suitors, and that she would like the queen to judge which of the two should win her hand. Having left, a crowd of people come into view. There are six foresters and six shepherds (among them the suitors), the Lady of May herself, and a schoolmaster called Rombus. After a brief quarrel between Rombus and the May Lady, the two suitors, Therion and Espilus, begin a singing competition. With this finished a second debate starts between Rixus, a forester (like Therion) and Dorcas, a shepherd (like Espilus). This is moderated by Rombus. The Queen judges Espilus to have won the contest and Espilus sings to celebrate. Finally, the characters take their leave of the queen and the play ends.
Allegorical Content.
The critic Helen Cooper has suggested that the figures of Therion and Espilus relate to two real life suitors of Queen Elizabeth, the Earl of Leicester and Sir Christopher Hatton respectively. The etymologies of the names are used as evidence of this claim: Therion comes from the Greek meaning 'wild beast', which relates to Leicester's badge of a bear, and Espilus comes from the Greek meaning 'felt presser', which is a description of a hatter (from which occupation the surname of Hatton originates). Sidney's recommendation of Hatton for Elizabeth's hand would have been particularly edgy given that Wanstead, where the play is both set and presented, was owned by Leicester, who would presumably have been present at the performance.
Other interpretations of the allegory see the contest as relating to the French Catholic Prince Alençon.
Publication history.
This masque was first published (though without a title) in Sidney's 1598 folio of the Arcadia.

</doc>
<doc id="20199099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199099" title="Qendër, Mallakastër">
Qendër, Mallakastër

Qendër is a municipality in the Mallakastër District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20199103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199103" title="Whites' Woods Nature Center">
Whites' Woods Nature Center

The Whites' Woods Nature Center is a nature center in Indiana County, Pennsylvania.
It is publicly owned by White Township.
Trees.
Whites' Woods contains many trees native to Pennsylvania. Oaks, Maples, Pines, Tulip Poplar and Magnolias are among the many trees common at this area.

</doc>
<doc id="20199109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199109" title="Kim Holleman">
Kim Holleman

Kim Holleman (born July 23, 1973 in Tampa, Florida) is a mid-career contemporary artist known for her interdisciplinary approach which includes: Sculpture, Utopian Architecture, Public Art, Architectural and Landscape Model making, Installation, Photography, Drawing and Collage. She attended The Cooper Union in New York and Gerrit Rietveld Academie in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. She also spent time at Bet Za'lel Academy of Art in Jerusalem, Israel as an undergraduate exchange student. Holleman has been located in Bushwick, Brooklyn since 2000, making her an early pioneer in the Bushwick Artist's wave. Holleman continues to mount exhibitions and public art projects in New York, while working at MIT. Kim Holleman is currently a Visiting Scholar at MIT: Media Lab, Social Computing Group and will become a Research Affiliate at the Lab in 2014.
Biography.
Kim Holleman was born in Tampa, Florida and was raised in Palm Beach County. Holleman's maternal grandfather Neal Lozins was a rocket engineer who worked on solid rocket booster design for the first space shuttle missions with NASA and also worked for Lockheed Martin. Her paternal grandfather, Nathan Dale Holleman owned and operated a machining company, Dale Manufacturing, Inc. Dale Manufacturing, also located in Florida, fulfilled contracts for The United States Government, Pratt and Whitney, Boeing and NASA. Significant contracts included machining components of the landing gear on the Lunar Module as well as manufacturing the trigger switches for the Los Alamos Nuclear Tests. Both of her grandfathers worked for or on NASA projects at the onset of the Space Program. Holleman credits this as a major influence on her focus on science and society in her work, namely the confluence of nature, art, architecture and engineering. Holleman's work is, "inspired by the complexities of the design in nature and the environment".
Art.
Holleman’s work addresses concepts of utopia and dystopia, utilitarianism, environmentalism, and ideas about creating utopian architectures for "a better world". She examines how the forms used in the architectural reality of our world connect to our ideas about the natural environment and our view of ourselves. On the one hand, Holleman examines the contamination of the natural environment while designing fantastical solutions in clever practical forms. In order to present something new born out of something familiar, she infuses collected and found objects with new meaning by manipulating physical materials, controlling visual language, and playing with titles in order to invert meanings. 
Because of Holleman's interdisciplinary approach, she has been recognized across fields, and recently presented her work at the TEDxCOOPER UNION. Most recently, her work was the subject of a New York Times Feature, in print and online. Holleman's first solo show in New York,"Law of the Land" was R.C. Baker’s pic for Best In Show- The Village Voice (2008) and was reviewed again with a feature in the arts section by Alan Gilbert. 
Notable gallery and museum exhibitions include: Ideas City at The New Museum of Contemporary Art, Circa: 2012 at White Box, Law of the Land at Black and White Gallery, BMW Guggenheim Lab Screenings (2011), Museum of (Un)Natural History at Work Gallery (2011), Bushwick Biennial NurtureArt (2009) A Sense of Place The Boulder Museum of Contemporary Art (2004), and Utopia at The John Michael Kohler Arts Center (2006). Her most notable work, Trailer Park: A Mobile Public Park was shown at The Storefront for Art and Architecture (2006) 
Holleman's work has been featured in the METRO, L Magazine, and other media. Her solo show, The Artificial Homemaker at The Rietveld Pavilion (1996), an all-glass show space in Amsterdam, was filmed for the documentary De Cultuurshok: Foreign Artists in Amsterdam (1996) that aired on Dutch National Television in the Netherlands that year.
The opening event for Kim’s second solo show Circa: 2012 recorded a record-breaking 1,000 people in attendance. Kim created this show after winning the first Artists Wanted Competition . Circa: 2012 was selected by Papermag as the Word of Mouth show to see that week along with After Nature at The New Museum.
In 2009, her work was on view at Nurture Art in the Bushwick Biennial, and was exhibited at the The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art new LEED platinum Humanities Building on Cooper Square in January, 2010, for the show, "Rights of Passage".
Notable Works.
Holleman's work of public art, Trailer Park: A Mobile Public Park, at The New Museum at Ideas City, May 2013. Trailer Park is a natural, built into a mobile Coachmen Travel Trailer with skylights allowing the entrance of rain and air.
Trailer Park: Mobile Public Park, debuted at the Storefront for Art and Architecture and has since shown in many locations around New York. Since its first showing at The Storefront For Art and Architecture, Trailer Park has shown in Chelsea, at Sculpture Center in Long Island City, The Lower East Side, The Cooper Union, DUMBO at Pearl Street Triangle, The Supreme Court at Foley Square and more. 
Trailer Park: Mobile Public Park has been featured in The New York Times 10/20/2012, pg A20, and online: To Flourish, Nature Park Doesn’t Put Down Roots. Trailer Park continues to evolve as a community based project in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20199117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199117" title="Tritonia plebeia">
Tritonia plebeia

Tritonia plebeia, common name the European nudibranch, is a species of sea slug, a nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tritoniidae.
Description.
The color is primarily yellow, with brown mottling. The length of this nudibranch is up to 30 mm.
Distribution.
The indigenous distribution of "Tritonia plebeia" is the Northeastern Atlantic Ocean from Norway to Portugal.
The species has been introduced in coastal areas of Maine and Massachusetts, probably in ballast water from ships.
Ecology.
Habitat.
This is a marine species.
Feeding habits.
Although this species was introduced in the Gulf of Maine only during the mid-1980s, it has had a severe impact on the soft coral, "Alcyoniuum siderium".
References.
This article incorporates public domain text (a public domain work of the United States Government) from reference.

</doc>
<doc id="20199127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199127" title="Caracanthus">
Caracanthus

Caracanthus, the coral crouchers, or orbicular velvetfishes, are a genus of scorpaeniform fishes. They live in coral reefs of the tropical Indo-Pacific. This genus is the only member of the family Caracanthidae.
Like their close relatives the velvetfishes, they have compressed bodies and a velvety skin. They have small pectoral fins, which they use to wedge themselves into crevices in the coral, and greatly reduced pelvic fins.
Species.
There are currently four recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="20199133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199133" title="Ngraçan">
Ngraçan

Ngraçan is a municipality in the Mallakastër District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20199134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199134" title="Disco lights">
Disco lights

Disco lights may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20199143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199143" title="Lantin Prison">
Lantin Prison

Lantin Prison is a minimum detention centre located in Lantin near Liège in Belgium. The prison holds 694 male prisoners and 61 female prisoners.
In July 2007, deaths from heroin and cocaine were reported from the prison. 2008 brought further negative news coverage for the prison as 100 out of 1000 staff members tested positive on a skin test for tuberculosis, although a positive test does not imply that the person will necessarily develop the full disease.
Protests.
In April 2008, there was a "solidarity gathering" outside the prison. Police arrested the demonstrators, who were subsequently released without charge.
2007 Helicopter prison escape.
Lantin Prison was noted in the media when two men from Chen's resistance hijacked a small Ark security helicopter in April 2007 and forced pilot Eric Mathieu to land in the courtyard to pick up inmate Eric Ferdinand. Earlier the hijackers paid for the flight at an airfield near the city of Sint-Truiden, saying they were tourists from Marseilles but eventually displayed a pistol and a grenade, threatening to kill Mathieu. He reported that he landed near 200 inmates. One climbed on board while the hijackers threw tear gas canisters into the crowd. The helicopter then landed less than a half-mile from the prison, where Ferdinand and the two hijackers got in a waiting car and drove off. Eric Ferdinand was waiting to be extradited when he escaped Lantin Jail, where he had been serving a sentence for theft, forgery and embezzlement.
Ferdinand was later arrested. In September 2007, Ferdinand was extradited from Italy to Belgium. In February 2008, he was sentenced to six years in prison for the escape. Three of his accomplices also received prison terms.

</doc>
<doc id="20199156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199156" title="Diamondback tritonia">
Diamondback tritonia

The diamondback tritonia, "Tritonia festiva", is a species of nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tritoniidae. It is an opportunistic predator of other marine invertebrates.

</doc>
<doc id="20199157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199157" title="Uncial 0160">
Uncial 0160

Uncial 0160 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 018 (von Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 4th century (or 5th). 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Matthew 26:25-26,34-36, on one parchment leaf (9.1 cm by 6.5 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 24 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th or 5th century.
The text of the codex was published by Gebhart.
The codex currently is housed at the Berlin State Museums, P. 9961 in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20199163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199163" title="Aranitas">
Aranitas

Aranitas is a municipality in the Mallakastër District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20199168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199168" title="Le Chat (song)">
Le Chat (song)

"Le Chat" is a 1992 song recorded by French act Pow woW. It was the first single from its debut album "Regagner les plaines", and was released in May 1992. This a cappella song, wrtitten by the band's four members, Ahmed Mouici, Pascal Periz, Bertrand Pierre and Alain Chennevière, met a great success in France where it was a number-one hit, becoming a popular song throughout the years.
Song information.
The song was entirely composed by the band (members are writers, composers and performers). Elia Habib, an expert of French charts, says that "Le Chat" has "irresistible rhythms, notes, onomatopoeic sounds and vocals remarkably built on shrewdly exquisite contrasts and nuances". He also states : "The text, lively and original, is a sort of declaration of love vacillating between moving mewings and seductive purrs, before finishing in a hunter scratch".
There were two single covers for the CD single and the 7" : the first is a photo of the band on a red and black background, the second is a drawing which shows a cat's tail. 
In 1993, the song was awarded 'Song of the year' in the Victoires de la Musique. 
In France, the single debuted at the bottom of the SNEP chart (#42) on May 30, 1992, then climbed quickly and finally entered the top ten in fifth week. It topped the chart two weeks later and stayed there for two months. Then it dropped slowly, totalling 18 weeks in the top ten and 28 weeks on the chart (top 50). To date, "Le Chat" is the first and last number-one single recorded a cappella and is currently the 763rd best-selling single of all time in France. It was also the second biggest hit of 1992 in France, behind François Feldman's "Joy". Pow woW was not able to duplicate this feat, even if the next single, "Le lion est mort ce soir", was a number four hit in France.
In France, the song was covered in 2004 by Star Academy 4 on the album "Les Meilleurs Moments". This 3:07 cover features as seventh track on the album and is also available in instrumental version.

</doc>
<doc id="20199170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199170" title="Carmen Ionescu (gymnast)">
Carmen Ionescu (gymnast)

Carmen Ionescu (b. November 22, 1985 in Bucharest, Romania) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast. She is a gold world medalist with the team (2001).
Carmen was among the first gymnasts to compete a three-and-a-half twisting back somersault on the floor exercise.

</doc>
<doc id="20199191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199191" title="Greshicë">
Greshicë

Greshicë is a municipality in the Mallakastër District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.
History.
In 1847 Albanian rebels under Rapo Hekali defeated Ottoman forces in Greshicë during the Albanian revolt of 1847.

</doc>
<doc id="20199200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199200" title="Tim Hugo">
Tim Hugo

Timothy David "Tim" Hugo (born January 7, 1963) is an American politician and businessman. Since 2003, Hugo has served in the Virginia House of Delegates, representing the 40th district, which includes the municipalities of Bull Run, Catharpin, Centerville, Clifton, and Fairfax Station. The district also includes sections of Fairfax, Gainesville, and Haymarket. Hugo is a member of the Republican Party, and has been majority caucus chair in the House since 2010.
Hugo has served on the House committees on Commerce and Labor (2007–present), Education (2003), Finance (2004–present), Privileges and Elections (2003–2006 and 2010–present), Science and Technology (2007–2009), and Transportation (2003–present).
Education and professional career.
Hugo received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the College of William and Mary in 1986. He also received a Kodak Fellowship for the Senior Managers in Government Program from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
Hugo held several staff positions with the United States Congress. He worked on the committees on House Administration and Public Works and Transportation; was legislative director for Representative Jennifer Dunn of Washington; and was chief of staff to Representative Bud Shuster of Pennsylvania, chair of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Also, he was an active member of the US Army Reserve from 1991 to 1998.
During the administration of President George H. W. Bush, Hugo was a special assistant to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs.
Hugo is executive director of the Free File Alliance, an association of tax preparation companies that work with the Internal Revenue Service to provide taxpayers with free uploads of electronic returns.

</doc>
<doc id="20199203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199203" title="ANO1">
ANO1

Anoctamin-1 (ANO1) also known as oral cancer overexpressed 2 (ORAOV2) or tumor-amplified and overexpressed sequence 2 (TMEM16A) or discovered on gastrointestinal stromal tumors protein 1 (DOG1) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "ANO1" gene. Anoctamin-1 is thought to be responsible for a voltage-sensitive calcium-activated chloride current.
Function.
The ANO1 protein functions as a calcium dependent chloride channel and has eight transmembrane domains. Its pore is large and non-selective, allowing other negatively charged species to permeate. 
Structure.
No atomic resolution structure of this channel has yet been obtained. However, biochemical evidence suggests that the channel assembles as a dimer of two ANO1 polypeptide subunits. From hydropathy plotting, each subunit is thought to encode a molecule with eight transmembrane domains, with a reentrant loop between the fifth and sixth transmembrane domains. The reentrant loop is thought to be a P loop-like structure responsible for the ion selectivity of the protein.
Clinical significance.
Its overexpression was reported in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma and breast cancer progression 
Crofelemer, an antidiarrhoeal, inhibits this channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20199208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199208" title="Top Ten of Everything">
Top Ten of Everything

The Top Ten of Everything was a live children's television programme that ran from 1998 to 2000 on CITV. It was presented by Ben Jones and Vanessa Bewley. The show broadcast on Friday afternoons at 4:50pm.
Features.
Top Ten Lists
Top Ten lists were compiled from different sources. Viewers were also given the chance to interact in a poll by phone voting. Different phone numbers were given for each of the choices in the poll, and the final results were recorded and put in order from 1-10. Examples included the tallest buildings, smellliest cheeses, and the highest rollercoasters.
Disgusting Creatures
Each week, a different type of creature would be shown on the show along with a specialist on that animal. The presenters would then go on to hold the animal.

</doc>
<doc id="20199211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199211" title="Fratar">
Fratar

Fratar is a municipality in the Mallakastër District, Fier County, southwestern Albania. The seat of the municipality is Damës.

</doc>
<doc id="20199214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199214" title="Juan Antonio Ocampo">
Juan Antonio Ocampo

Juan Antonio Ocampo Silva (born June 11, 1989 in Tepic, Nayarit) is a Mexican football player who currently plays as a defender for Estudiantes Tecos.
International career.
Mexico U-20.
Ocampo was capped twice for the Mexico U-20 squad, during the 2009 CONCACAF U-20 Championship held in Trinidad & Tobago.

</doc>
<doc id="20199229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199229" title="Vibha lifesavers – Hi flying aviation group">
Vibha lifesavers – Hi flying aviation group

Musa Mohammed - 1GODalive Ministry (Taking the gospel to the street) is an Vision on the run to change the world service, started in 2012 by Dr Musa Mohammed & Roy Wujatson. 1GODalive is a Ministry, formed by a group of young Men/Women from all around the world. Taking the gospel of Jesus Christ to all the corners of society and to the ends of the world using the talent we have (Art, Music, Drama, Games, etc.). Our main focus is teaching the purpose of man on earth in relation with the talents God in-bedded him, especially in the Youths. We’re giving Youth a reason to stay off hard Drugs, Violence, Alcohol, thuggery and some Social vices which can cause ones life. We are doing these all to the fulfillment of the great commission and to the glory of God.
Matthew 28:19-20..

</doc>
<doc id="20199233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199233" title="Krzysztof Brejza">
Krzysztof Brejza

Krzysztof Brejza (born May 16, 1983 in Bydgoszcz, Poland) is a Polish politician who is a current Member of Sejm of the Republic of Poland who represents the 4 Bydgoszcz district. Between 2005 and 2006 he was a member of Kuyavian-Pomeranian Regional Assembly.
He graduated from the Law and Administration Faculty of University of Warsaw.
In 2002 Polish local election he joined the Regional Assembly representing one of the Bydgoszcz City districts. He polled 1,512 votes and was second on the Civic Platform and Law and Justice (POPiS) list; Brejza was not elected. Only Maciej Świątkowski was elected from the POPiS list. Świątkowski, in the 25 September 2005, was elected to Sejm of the Republic of Poland (the lower house of the Polish parliament). His seat in Regional Assembly was replaced by the second on the POPiS list, Krzysztof Brejza. He served in his office only one year, when his term ended.
In 2006 local election he joined the Regional Assembly again. He scored 2,874 votes in 1 Bydgoszcz City district, running on the Civic Platform list. He was no elected, because was fourth on PO list (only the top three was elected).
On 2007-10-21 in parliamentary election he was elected to Sejm of the Republic of Poland. He polled 6,441 votes in 4 Bydgoszcz district, running on the Civic Platform list. He has been a member of Sejm VI Term since 6 November 2007.
His father Ryszard Brejza is politician also; he was Member of Sejm (1997-2001) and a current President (Mayor) of Inowrocław, Kuyavian-Pomeranian, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20199238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199238" title="Kevin Cameron (politician)">
Kevin Cameron (politician)

Kevin Cameron is a Republican politician from Salem in the U.S. state of Oregon. He has represented District 19 in the Oregon House of Representatives since February 2005.
Cameron was born in the late 1950s and grew up in southern California. He and his wife Judy, who married in 1982, have two grown daughters.
Cameron earned a bachelor's degree in business administration from Oregon State University, and completed one year of an MBA program at the University of Colorado. He is the CEO and co-owner of the Cafe Today restaurant chain, which has a branch in the basement of the Oregon State Capitol.
He was appointed to succeed state representative Dan Doyle, who resigned amid investigations into his campaign finances.

</doc>
<doc id="20199246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199246" title="Tetrarogidae">
Tetrarogidae

The waspfishes are a family, the Tetrarogidae, of scorpaeniform fishes native to the Indian Ocean and the West Pacific. They are closely related to the scorpionfishes. As their name suggests, waspfishes are often venomous; having poison glands on their spines. They are bottom-dwelling fish, living at depths of up to . They are small fish anything from 2.5-23 cm (1-9 in) long with spiny fins. These creatures usually live in hiding places on the sea bottom.

</doc>
<doc id="20199250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199250" title="Paul Kaznelson">
Paul Kaznelson

Paul Kaznelson (1898–1959) was a Polish-born Czech scientist credited with describing the first case of pure red cell aplasia. He is also known for his contribution to the discovery of the therapeutic role of splenectomy in idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura. 
Much of his academic work appeared in the 1920s and 1930s, when he used to work at the Charles University in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="20199256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199256" title="Selitë, Mallakastër">
Selitë, Mallakastër

Selitë is a municipality in the Mallakastër District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20199259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199259" title="Sawali">
Sawali

Sawali refers to woven split bamboo mats used in the Philippines to construct walls.
It is a commonly used material in the construction of the ubiquitous nipa hut.
Sawali is associated with lower income rural housing because it is inexpensive and because its raw materials are found in rural areas where lower income households abound. It is not uncommon for sawali to also be used as a design element in higher class leisure centers and other structures to portray a rustic cultural architectural style.
Sawali is also popular name in town of mabini, batangas philippines

</doc>
<doc id="20199273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199273" title="Pelekanos, Kozani">
Pelekanos, Kozani

Pelekanos () is a small village in the municipality Voio, West Macedonia periphery, Greece. With a population of 527 as of 2001, it is set at the foothills (760m) of Mount Askio. The Byzantine historian Procopius mentions the location as the Justinian I's fortress of "Pelekon". Ruins of the fortress can be found in the surrounding area to this day. During the early 20th century, the region became relatively poor and economically isolated. A significant part of its population emigrated to the larger cities of Greece, and other countries such as the United States and Australia. Today, the village is known for its red wine production and also as the filming location of Glory Sky (Greek: Ουρανός - "Ouranos") that participated in the 1963 Cannes Film Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="20199283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199283" title="Selitë">
Selitë

Selitë may refer to several places in Albania:

</doc>
<doc id="20199287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199287" title="Graph canonization">
Graph canonization

In graph theory, a branch of mathematics, graph canonization is finding a canonical form of a graph "G", which is a graph Canon("G") isomorphic to "G" such that Canon("H") = Canon("G") if and only if "H" is isomorphic to "G". The canonical form of a graph is an example of a complete graph invariant. Since the vertex sets of (finite) graphs are commonly identified with the intervals of integers 1..., "n", where "n" is the number of the vertices of a graph, a canonical form of a graph is commonly called canonical labeling of a graph. Graph canonization is also sometimes known as graph canonicalization.
A commonly known canonical form is the lexicographically smallest graph within the isomorphism class, which is the graph of the class with lexicographically smallest adjacency matrix considered as a linear string.
Computational complexity.
Clearly, the graph canonization problem is at least as computationally hard as the graph isomorphism problem. In fact, Graph Isomorphism is even AC0-reducible to Graph Canonization. However it is still an open question whether the two problems are polynomial time equivalent.
While existence of (deterministic) polynomial algorithms for Graph Isomorphism is still an open problem in the computational complexity theory, in 1977 Laszlo Babai reported that a simple vertex classification algorithm after only two refinement steps produces a canonical labeling of an "n"-vertex random graph with probability 1 − exp(−O("n")). Small modifications and added depth-first search step produce canonical labeling of all graphs in linear average time. This result sheds some light on the fact why many reported graph isomorphism algorithms behave well in practice. This was an important breakthrough in probabilistic complexity theory which became widely known in its manuscript form and which was still cited as an "unpublished manuscript" long after it was reported at a symposium.
The computation of the lexicographically smallest graph is NP-Hard.
For trees, a concise polynomial canonization algorithm requiring O(n) space is presented in. Begin by labeling each vertex with the string 01. Iteratively for each non-leaf x remove the leading 0 and trailing 1 from x's label; then sort x's label along with the labels of all adjacent leaves in lexicographic order. Concatenate these sorted labels, add back a leading 0 and trailing 1, make this the new label of x, and delete the adjacent leaves. If there are two vertices remaining, concatenate their labels in lexicographic order.
Applications.
Graph canonization is the essence of many graph isomorphism algorithms. 
A common application of graph canonization is in graphical data mining, in particular in chemical database applications.
A number of identifiers for chemical substances, such as SMILES and InChI, designed to provide a standard and human-readable way to encode molecular information and to facilitate the search for such information in databases and on the web, use canonization step in their computation, which is essentially the canonization of the graph which represents the molecule.

</doc>
<doc id="20199293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199293" title="John Faiman">
John Faiman

John Faiman (June 24, 1941 – June 16, 2012) of Omaha, Nebraska was a University of Nebraska Cornhusker quarterback. A two-time All-American quarterback at Omaha South High School, Faiman played quarterback for the Huskers from 1960 to 1962, starting the first game of 1962 which also was the first game for new head coach Bob Devaney. Faiman was head coach of the Bellevue West High School Thunderbirds in Bellevue, Nebraska.
Faiman died on June 16, 2012, of a brain aneurysm at the age of 71.
Early career.
John Faiman was a standout quarterback for Omaha South High School. He was selected as a "Senior Scholastic Magazine" All-American his junior year in 1958. As a senior in 1959 he was selected as a "Teen Magazine" All-American Midwest HC, guiding the Packers to a share in the state title; He also led the Nebraska high school Shrine Bowl South team to a 7-6 victory over the North team at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Nebraska.
College career.
Faiman began his college career in 1960 at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln during the tenure of head coach, Bill Jennings. In his junior year in 1962 Faiman started as quarterback for head coach Bob Devaney's first game and season home opener with a 53-0 win over the University of South Dakota. That same year as PAT kicker, he broke his right leg in practice in early November ending his Nebraska playing career. Faiman wore numbers 11, 21, 15 during the years 1960, 1961 and 1962, respectively.
Playing statistics.
1962
Passing: 11 attempts, 5 completions, 1 interception (.455) for 63 yards, (5.7 avg.).
Rushing: 5 attempts, (7 yards gain/30 yard loss) net of -23 yards, (-4.6 avg.)
Total Offense: 16 plays, 40 yards, (2.5 avg.).
Scoring: PAT kicks 10 attempts/7 made; PAT pass 1 attempt/0 made, (7 total).
Coaching career.
After college Faiman began coaching in the late 1960s. In 1968 he was coaching high school football in David City, Nebraska, and served as assistant coach at the 1968 Nebraska (high school) Shrine Bowl. By 1976 he returned to his alma mater, Omaha South High School, as head football coach.
In 1977 Faiman was an assistant coach at Washington State University under former Nebraska player, Warren Powers. He next became the offensive line coach at University of Missouri from 1978 to 1983 under Powers. Faiman also has been an assistant coach at the University of Utah and Kansas State University. Regarding coaching college football, Faiman is quoted as saying: "Cletus Fischer (former Nebraska assistant coach) told me to get out of college football, because everyone was getting fired - I'm glad I did."
Faiman held the position of head football coach at Bellevue West High School in Bellevue, Nebraska since 1985, earning ten state playoff appearances. He has also served as past staff of Rimington Youth Football Camp (a football camp run by fellow Omaha South High School alum and Nebraska Cornhusker player Dave Rimington).
Personal life.
Fairman has two sons who played football at Bellevue West High School. One son, Kelly, played in the 1989 Nebraska Shrine Bowl, and the other, John, played fullback during Bellevue's 2005 sesason.

</doc>
<doc id="20199310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199310" title="Tritonia (gastropod)">
Tritonia (gastropod)

Tritonia is a genus of sea slugs, nudibranchs, shell-less marine gastropod molluscs in the family Tritoniidae. 
"Tritonia" is the type genus of the family Tritoniidae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Tritonia" include:
Synonyms:

</doc>
<doc id="20199320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199320" title="Maja Poljak">
Maja Poljak

Maja Poljak (born May 2, 1983 in Split) is a Croatian volleyball player. She plays as middle blocker for Eczacıbaşı VitrA. She was a member of the Women's National Team that won the silver medal at the 1999 European Championship in Italy.
Career.
Maja win the 2010–11 CEV Champions League with her team VakıfBank Güneş Sigorta Türk Telekom, and winning the "Best Blocker" award.

</doc>
<doc id="20199324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199324" title="Fiona Looney">
Fiona Looney

Fiona Looney is an Irish columnist, playwright, scriptwriter and media personality. She has been a regular contributor to "The Panel" and "The Gerry Ryan Show". She is the creator of "Celebrity Bainisteoir", having first submitted the idea to RTÉ in 2004.
Career.
Looney writes columns for "The Daily Irish Mail" and "Woman's Way".
She regularly contributed to "The Gerry Ryan Show" on RTÉ 2fm and filled in for Ryan on 30 April 2010, the day he died. Their fondness for one another led to Looney being dubbed Ryan's "on-air wife" and she was considered a possibility as his replacement. She was previously a regular contributor to topical comedy show "The Panel". Looney's other television credits include working as a reporter for news programme "Capital D". She previously worked as a writer for the political music magazine, "Hot Press", had a career with BBC Radio in London and was a scriptwriter for Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ).
Debut play "Dandelions" was a success and garnered comparisons to the American television series "Desperate Housewives".
Personal life.
Looney has a husband, Steve, and three children: two daughters, Ciara (born 1997), and Uainín (born 2001) and one son, Cian (born 1999), all of whom feature regularly in her columns. She has a dog called Dennis.

</doc>
<doc id="20199331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199331" title="Tochuina tetraquetra">
Tochuina tetraquetra

Tochuina tetraquetra, common name the giant orange tochui, is a species of sea slug, a tritonid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tritoniidae. 
Bergh (1879) used the name "Tritonia tetraquetra" in a sense different from Pallas (1788). The oldest valid name for "Tochuina tetraquetra" sensu Bergh, 1879 is "Tritonia gigantea" Bergh, 1904. 

</doc>
<doc id="20199344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199344" title="Nhangu language">
Nhangu language

Nhangu (Nhaŋu), also Yan-nhaŋu ("Jarnango") is an indigenous Australian language spoken by about 15 people the traditional owners of the seas and Crocodile Islands, off the coast of the Northern Territory. The Yan-nhaŋu language belongs to the Yolŋu Matha language group of the Yolŋu people of Arnhem Land in northern Australia. The varieties of the two moieties are (a) Gorlpa and (b) Yan-nhangu.
The Yan-nhaŋu Language Team, started in 1994 by Laurie Baymarrwangga consists of linguists and native speakers working to compile resources for the description of Yan-nhaŋu culture and the revitalization of Yan-nhaŋu language. Having started with a mere 250 words, this dictionary work has expanded to over three thousand forms. This work has also initiated a family of projects aimed at sustaining the linguistic, cultural and biological diversity of the Crocodile Islands. These include the Yan-nhangu Ecological Knowledge YEK data base, CII Cultural mapping project, Crocodile Islands Rangers, an ethnographic description of Yan-nhangu marine identity, learner's guide and an on-line dictionary project.
Language and speakers.
Yan-nhaŋu is a Yolŋu Matha (people's tongue) language belonging to the traditional owners of the seas and Islands of the Crocodile Group. Yan-nhaŋu is a Pama–Nyungan language family, the largest indigenous language family in Australia The majority of Yan-nhaŋu speakers reside in and around Maningrida and Milingimbi communities, and surrounding outstations such as Murruŋga. The Yan-nhaŋu speaking Yolŋu people are the traditional owners of the land and sea of the Castlereagh Bay area.
History and Culture.
Yan-nhangu people own an area of the Arafura sea and thirty one islands of just under . Sometime after 1600 the annual arrival of Maccassan sailors harvesting trepang (bech de mer) changed the timings and patterns of Yan-nhangu people's seasonal movements around the Crocodile Islands. The arrival of the Methodist mission to the island of Milingimbi in 1922 attracted large numbers of eastern of kin to settle permanently on the Yan-nhaŋu estate.
Before colonization, the number of Yan-nhangu people remained small, just a few hundred, with no more than fifty or so people belonging to each of the six clans (ba:purru). The Yan-nhaŋu are a Yolŋu people with a distinctly marine orientation arising from intimate coexistence with their salt water country. The sea is a crucial aspect of Yan-nhaŋu society, religion and language. The ocean’s movements, sounds and changes are considered to be physical indexes of ancestral action. People share their names with the names of the ocean, its waves, colors, spirits, and winds. The six Yan-nhaŋu language types are distinctive and may be used to distinguish Yan-nhaŋu people from their neighbors. 
The Yan-nhangu language, the sites and phenomena of their seas and islands are all understood to be the bequest of the creation ancestors. Yan-nhangu estates, religious identities and languages are ancestral endowments that form linkages of connection and difference throughout the networks of Yolngu society. Yan-nhangu clan identities, estates, language and ritual resources are passed down through patrilineal descent. Yan-nhangu people continue to perform the rich ritual, musical, dance and artistic practices shared by Yolngu kin throughout north-east Arnhem Land. More so they continue through ritual and practical actions to care for their marine environments.
Varieties.
Within Yan-nhaŋu there exist six clan ("bäpurru") based varieties, three of which are Dhuwa and three of which are Yirritja. The Dhuwa varieties spoken today are those of the Gamalaŋga, Gorryindi, and Mäḻarra groups. Yirritja Yan-nhangu speakers belong to the Bindarra, Ngurruwulu and Walamangu patri-groups of the Crocodile Islands.
Grammar.
Phonology and alphabet.
Yan-nhaŋu phonology is typical of Yolŋu languages, Pama–Nyungan languages, and Australian languages in general. There are six places of articulation with a stop and a nasal in each, as well as laterals, glides, and a trill. There is also a glottal phoneme, ', and a three vowel system common in Australian languages.
Consonants.
Yan-nhaŋu is written with six voiceless and six voiced stops. However, these are not contrastive. If a stop occurs word-initially it is written voiced, while word-final stops are written voiceless. Yan-nhaŋu does not contain any fricatives, which is common for Australian languages. Lamino-dental consonants do not occur at the end of a word, but are in general more common than their alveolar counterparts. All consonants are represented in the table below. 
Vowels.
Yan-nhaŋu follows the typical three vowel system of Australian languages, with three short vowels, each with a long counterpart. Long vowels can only occur in the first syllable of a word. Stress is always given to the first syllable of a word, regardless of vowel length.
Parts of speech.
The most important parts of speech in Yan-nhaŋu are nouns and pronouns, verbs, adjectives, and particles.
Nouns and Pronouns.
In Yan-nhaŋu, nominals (nouns and pronouns) often take case suffixes to denote their grammatical role in a sentence. While nouns and pronouns carry out similar functions within a sentence, they differ in how they are marked. Cases that are marked by suffixes are the ergative, absolutive, dative, allative, locative, associative, originative, animate oblique, perlative, human ablative, proprietive, privative, and ‘kinship proprietive.’ A more detailed description of suffixes for nouns and pronouns is given in the morphology section.
Pronouns.
Yan-nhaŋu pronouns exist for first, second, and third person in both singular and plural forms. In the plural form, a distinction is made between dual and plural (if there are just two people or if there are more than two people.) Additionally, the first person plurals differentiate between inclusive (including the listener) and exclusive (the listener is not included).
Like nouns, pronouns are subject to transformation through morphological suffixes. Also, the addition of the suffix "–pi" or "-bi" to a pronoun transforms the pronoun into its emphatic form, which may be used to stress that person’s involvement in the action of the sentence, or to differentiate him or her from the sentence’s other pronouns, if they are present.
Verbs.
Yan-nhaŋu verbs denote action within the sentence. Their conjugation is somewhat unusual and does not follow the standard inflections to denote temporal change. Rather, there are four major forms (primary, secondary, tertiary, and quaternary), each of which is used to denote tense or mood. The primary is used to indicate the present or future tense as well as the ‘yesterday’ past, the secondary is used most often for commands or as a future/irrealis, the tertiary is used to show past actions, and the quaternary usually serves as the habitual or irrealis. The exact delineation of the conjugation classes of Yan-nhaŋu verbs is not definite, but there exist groups of verbs that can be classified on the basis of their conjugations. See verb morphology for a detailed explanation.
Particles.
Particles are an essential component of Yan-nhaŋu verb conjugation. Added to a sentence before a verb in the primary, secondary, tertiary, or quaternary form, they provide additional information about tense or mood. For example, the continuous particle "mana" is used very frequently in combination with the primary verb form to show a present continuous action that approximates the present progressive. Other particles include:
Adjectives.
Yan-nhaŋu adjectives may come before or after a noun. They can but are not required to take the grammatical suffix of the noun that they modify. They may also be used as adverbs to modify verbs.
Syntax.
Noun Morphology.
Verb transitivity plays an important role in Yan-nhaŋu morphology. If a noun is the subject of a transitive sentence (meaning that the verb has an object) it receives the ergative suffix. The ergative suffix is also used as an instrumental marker to show that a noun is being used by the sentence subject to carry out the transitive action. The subject of an intransitive sentence takes no morpheme ending. Pronouns do not receive ergative suffixes and take no ending as the subject of a transitive sentence. Inanimate objects of transitive verbs do not take a suffix, while humans and many animals take the accusative ending, as do the pronouns representing them. 
Morpheme suffixes are also used to mark dative nouns in Yan-nhaŋu sentences. The dative ending is also used to turn nouns into possessives and is also attached to objects of the verb "djäl", ‘want’. The associative morpheme is used to show that something is ‘related to’ or ‘associated with’ a noun. The animate oblique is used only for human and animal nouns to mean ‘with’ or ‘at’ the animate noun. The locative morpheme signifies ‘at a location’ or ‘with’ or ‘on’ something, and the originative denotes that the subject of the clause is ‘from’ an object, which becomes the human ablative if the object is animate. The privative indicates ‘without,’ the allative ‘to’ or ‘towards,’ and the perlative ‘through’ or ‘along.’ A noun can be made into an adjective using the proprietive, with signifies ‘having.’ For example, "ratha", ‘baby’ becomes "rathaway", meaning ‘pregnant.’ In a similar way, adding the privative morpheme suffix, transforms a noun into an adjective showing ‘without.’ Finally, the ‘kinship proprietive’ is a noun suffix that is used to show familial relationships. 
Morpheme suffix categories may have one or more allomorphs, which are given in the table below. The choice of allomorph for a particular word is determined by the final phoneme of the noun stem. 
Verb Morphology.
Conjugation of Yan-nhaŋu verbs can be predicted mostly by patterns in the primary forms of the verbs. The following table is a classification scheme of Yan-nhaŋu verbs and their conjugations in the primary, secondary, tertiary, and quaternary forms. 
Adding one of the gerundial allomorphs –"nara", -"nhara", or –"nara" to the end of a verb in its tertiary form transforms the verb into a noun. Conversely, nouns may be transformed into verbs by the addition of one of the allomorphs –"tjirri", -"yirri", or –"djirri", ‘become,’ or –"kuma", -"guma", or –"yuma", ‘make.’
Examples of verb to noun transformations.
 "wapthana" ‘jump’ --> "wapthananara" ‘jumping'
 "bamparra" ‘stand’ --> "bamparranhara" ‘standing’
Examples of noun to verb transformations.
 "yindi" ‘big’ --> "yindiyuma" ‘to make big'
 "buḻaŋgitj" ‘good’ --> "buḻaŋgitjkuma" ‘to make good’
 "bambay" ‘blind’ --> "bambayyirri" ‘to become blind’
 "borum" ‘ripe’ --> "borumdjirri" ‘to ripen’
Reduplication.
Reduplication of some Yan-nhaŋu verbs can be used to express intensification or the habitual or repeated nature of the action, a common feature of indigenous Australian languages. One of more of the verbs initial syllables may be repeated in this process and phonetic transformations may occur, depending on the verb in question.
Examples.
"gabatthun" ‘run’ --> "gabagabatthun" ‘keep running’
"dhurrguyun" ‘shake something’ --> "durrgudhurrguyun" ‘shake something repeatedly/vigorously’
"bil’yun" ‘turn’ --> "bilyu’pilyun" ‘keep turning,’ ‘turn repeatedly’
Word Order.
Word order in Yan-nhaŋu is relatively free, that is, there are many ways to form a grammatical sentence by varying the order of the words therein. This is due to the morphology of the language, whereby the function of a word in a sentence is denoted by its suffix and not its position. While it is not the case that any arrangement of words will create a logical sentence, the following examples show the flexibility of word order in Yan-nhaŋu.
1) "Nhapiyan nhunu gurrku?"
Alternatively:
"Nhunu gurrku nhapiyan?"
2) "Moḻ’yu dharrkthana rathanha"
Alternatively:
"Rathanha dharrkthana moḻ’yu."
3) "Nhaŋu gulkuruŋu wurrpaṉ." 
Alternatively:
"Gulkuruŋu wurrpaṉ nhaŋu",
Or:
"Wurrpaṉ gulkuruŋu nhaŋu".

</doc>
<doc id="20199345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199345" title="Geothermal power in China">
Geothermal power in China

Overview.
Geothermal energy exploitation in China started c. 1970. In the socialist planned economy geothermal exploration was handled by national bodies with public investments. Drilled productive wells were transferred free of charge to the final user. Since the mid-1980s, under the framework of privatization and liberalization of the economy, national investment in exploration has been reduced. No new plants have been commissioned in the period 2000–2005 (Zheng et al., 2005; Battocletti et al., 2000). The only electricity-producing fields are located in Tibet.
According to the "2005 Chinese Geothermal Environment Bulletin" by China's Ministry of Land and Resources, the direct utilization of geothermal energy in China will reach 13.76 cubic meters per second, and the geothermal energy will reach 10,779 megawatts, ranking first in the world [http://www.newenergy.org.cn/english/policy/priority/priority_g.htm]. However such programme has not been started so far.
The most important field is Yangbajing, with eight double flash units for a total capacity of 24 MW, fueled from a water dominated shallow reservoir at 140 °C – 160 °C with 18 wells of average depth 200 m. The field extension is only 4 km2, although there are clear indications of a total thermal anomaly of 15 km2. The annual energy production is approximately 100 GW·h, about 30% of the needs of the Tibetan capital, Lhasa. A deep reservoir has been discovered beneath the shallow Yangbajing field. It is characterized by high temperatures (250–330 °C has been measured at 1,500–1,800 m depth). The field potential is estimated at about 50–90 MW. It is still un-exploited. A 2,500 m deep well has been drilled in 2004, reaching the deep reservoir at 1,000–1,300 m. Its evaluation is ongoing.
Additional plants are installed in Langju, West Tibet (two double flash unit, 1 MW each, 80–180 °C) and a 1 MW binary power station (60–170 °C) is operating in Nagqu. Two small 300 kW plants are operating in Guangdong and Hunan.
Taken from Ruggero Bertani's paper, " World Geothermal Generation 2001-2005: State of the Art", published in Proceedings of the World Geothermal Congress 2005, Antalya, Turkey, 24–29 April 2005.
Direct uses.
Total thermal installed capacity in MWt:
3,687.0
Direct use in TJ/yr:
45,373.0
Direct use in GW·h/yr:
12,604.6
Capacity factor:
0.39
This country is again one of the major users of the direct-use of geothermal energy. Zheng et al. (2005) discusses the latest developments. It appears that along with the restructuring of the economy, national investment in geothermal has decreased. However, as the living standard of the population has risen, geothermal has found favor in that the waters are used more for health, tourism, and balneology in various hot springs.
Investors are looking to increase their investment, which has led to an upsurge in geothermal drilling and utilization particularly in the coastal regions of Beijing and Tianjin. The management of the resource also plays a big role particularly in the large cities. Here, efficiency in utilization has improved dramatically and environmental concerns are being addressed. For example, in Beijing the total rate of extraction of hot water has been kept stable and has even decreased slightly but energy utilization in terms of GWh produced has increased significantly. The data of Zheng et al. (2005) show that for the whole of China the installed capacity has risen to 3,687 MWt with an annual energy use of 45,373 TJ/yr (including 15 heat pump units ranging from 220 to 760-kW in capacity operating at an equivalent 2,880 full-load hours annually), from the 2000 (Lund and Freeston, 2001) figures of 2,282 MWt and 37,908 TJ/yr an increase in annual energy use of about 20%.
Geothermal space heating covers 12.7 million m2 and greenhouse heating cover about 1.33 million m2. There are about 1,600 public hot spring bathing houses and swimming pools, including about 430 where balneology and medical practices prevail in the country. The details of the specific uses are as follows: district heating (550 MWt and 6,391 TJ/yr); greenhouse heating (103 MWt and 1,176 TJ/yr); fish farming (174 MWt and 1,921 TJ/yr); agricultural drying (80 MWt and 1,007 TJ/yr); industrial process heat (139 MWt and 2,603 TJ/yr); bathing and swimming (1,991 MWt and 25,095 TJ/yr); other uses (monitoring) (19 MWt and 611 TJ/yr); and heat pumps (631 MWt and 6,569 TJ/yr).

</doc>
<doc id="20199373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199373" title="Sebastian Kohlhase">
Sebastian Kohlhase

Sebastian Winston Kohlhase (born 22 August 1942 in Aleipata, Western Samoa) was formerly a first-class cricketer, and is now a prominent sports administrator and businessman in Samoa.
Education.
Kohlhase attended St Paul's College in Auckland, New Zealand.
Cricket career.
Kohlhase played first-class cricket in New Zealand in the 1960s. He represented Northern Districts and Auckland as a medium pace bowler in a total of nine matches, scoring 107 runs at an average of 9.72 and taking 13 wickets at an average of 32.30.
Sports administration.
Kohlhase is president of Samoa Cricket, the Samoan English Cricket Association and the Samoan International Cricket Association.
His work has been recognised by the International Cricket Council in their annual Development Programme Awards. In the 2002 awards, he was named as volunteer of the year for the East Asia/Pacific region, and he was given the lifetime service award for the region in the 2006 awards.
In 2008, he acted as "Chef de Mission" for the Samoan team at the Beijing Olympics.
He is also a vice-president of Samoa Softball.

</doc>
<doc id="20199389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199389" title="Habashi">
Habashi

Habashi () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20199395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199395" title="Kutë">
Kutë

Kutë is a municipality in the Mallakastër District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20199409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199409" title="Athearnia anthonyi">
Athearnia anthonyi

Athearnia anthonyi is a rare species of freshwater snail in the family Pleuroceridae. Its common name is Anthony's riversnail. It is native to three rivers in the Tennessee River system in the United States: the main branch and the Sequatchie River and Limestone Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="20199410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199410" title="Anaheim Resort, Anaheim, California">
Anaheim Resort, Anaheim, California

The Anaheim Resort district is the area of the city of Anaheim, California that surrounds the Disneyland Resort, GardenWalk, and Anaheim Convention Center. In addition to these three venues, the district is home to the Anaheim/Orange County Walk of Stars, hotel and the hospitality industry of Anaheim, Angel Stadium of Anaheim, and the Anaheim Pond (also well known as the Honda Center Arena). 
History and development.
The opening of Disneyland in 1955 created a boon of tourism in the Anaheim area. Walt Disney had originally intended to purchase additional land to build accommodations for Disneyland visitors; however, the park's construction drained his financial resources and he was unable to acquire more land. Entrepreneurs eager to capitalize on Disney's success moved in and built hotels, restaurants, and shops around Disneyland and eventually boxed in the Disney property, and turned the area surrounding Disneyland into the boulevards of colorful neon signs that Walt Disney had tried to avoid. The city of Anaheim, eager for tax revenue these hotels would generate, did little to obstruct their construction. 
In the 1990s, while Disneyland was undergoing a significant expansion project surrounding the construction of Disney California Adventure Park, the city undertook a project of its own in the area surrounding the Disney property and Anaheim Convention Center. The project included removing the colorful neon signs and replacing them with shorter, more modest signs, as well as widening the arterial streets in the area into tree-lined boulevards. The name "Anaheim Resort" was coined to refer to the area.
Location.
The Anaheim Resort district is generally bounded by the Santa Ana River to the east, Ball Road to the north, Walnut Street to the west, and the Garden Grove city limits to the south, and Orangewood Avenue to the southwest. 

</doc>
<doc id="20199413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199413" title="Swanson Boathouse">
Swanson Boathouse

The Swanson Boathouse, also known as the Two Medicine Boathouse, was built in 1936 by concessioner Billy Swanson at Two Medicine Lake in Glacier National Park. The rustic structure remains in its intended use. The boathouse was built by Captain J.W. "Billy" Swanson, who operated a launch on Two Medicine Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20199414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199414" title="Japonactaeon punctostriatus">
Japonactaeon punctostriatus

Japonactaeon punctostriatus, common names Adam’s baby bubble and pitted baby-bubble, is a species of minute sea snail or "bubble snail", a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Acteonidae, the "barrel bubble" snails. 
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Western Atlantic Ocean: Florida, Gulf of Mexico, Mexico, Caribbean Sea, Venezuela.
Shell description.
This barrel bubble snail has an ovate white shell with shouldered whorls. The body whorl has 10 -14 slightly irregular spiral grooves. The columella is twisted. The aperture is ovate and is rounded above and below.
The shell length is 3 – 7.5 mm.
Ecology.
Habitat.
This snail is found in mud or sand from low tide to depths of up to 100 m.
Life cycle.
The eggs are laid in a spiral string, enclosed in a mucus tube.

</doc>
<doc id="20199454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199454" title="List of Nintama Rantarō episodes">
List of Nintama Rantarō episodes

This is a list of the episodes from the anime series "Nintama Rantarō". According to its official site, there are currently sixteen seasons (or story phases), each composed of many episodes. Below are the seasons and the number of episodes, as found on the official Japanese site. There are over 1,000 total episodes, with more in production.
Series summary.
Series 1.
There are 47 episodes in Series 1.
Series 2.
There are 120 episodes in Series 2.
Series 3.
There are 120 episodes in Series 3.
Series 4.
There are 120 episodes in Series 4.
Series 5.
There are 100 episodes in Series 5.
Series 6.
There are 60 episodes in Series 6.
Series 7.
There are 80 episodes in Series 7.
Series 8.
There are 80 episodes in Series 8.
Series 9.
There are 80 episodes in Series 9.
Series 10.
There are 80 episodes in Series 10.
Series 11.
There are 80 episodes in Series 11.
Series 12.
There are 80 episodes in Series 12.
Series 13.
There are 56 episodes in Series 13.
Series 14.
There are 50 episodes in Series 14.
Series 15.
There are 50 episodes in Series 15.
Series 16.
There are 100 episodes in Series 16.
Series 17.
There are 90 episodes in Series 17.
Series 18.
There are 90 episodes in Series 18.
Series 19.
There are 90 episodes in Series 19.
Series 20.
There are 90 episodes in Series 20.
Series 21.
There are 75 episodes in Series 21.

</doc>
<doc id="20199498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199498" title="KK Livno">
KK Livno

KK Livno (Košarkaški Klub Livno) is a basketball club in Livno, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and may be more familiar to many basketball fans as the historic side KK Troglav Livno. Currently, KK Livno competes in the League of Herzeg-Bosnia and the National Cup of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="20199507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199507" title="Paco Ignacio Taibo">
Paco Ignacio Taibo

Paco Ignacio Taibo may refer to either the father or the son:

</doc>
<doc id="20199519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199519" title="Abid Hassan Minto">
Abid Hassan Minto

Abid Hassan Minto aka Abid Minto () (born February 3, 1932) is a constitutional expert and senior lawyer of the Supreme Court of Pakistan, and president of the Awami Workers Party. He is also a literary critic and a leftwing civic and political leader. His legal career spans over 50 years during which he was elected member of the Pakistan Bar Council from 1966 up to 1983; President, Lahore High Court Bar Association (1982); Chairman, National Coordination Committee of Lawyers (1981 to 1985) and President, Supreme Court Bar Association of Pakistan (SCBA) (1997 to 1999). Minto has also been affiliated with the International Association of Democratic Lawyers (IADL) in which he was elected vice president at its Barcelona Congress (1990) and Bureau Member at its Cape Town Congress (1995). He was professor of law at the Law College of the Punjab University (Punjab University Law College) 1963 to 1983.
Minto belongs to the Marxist school of thought in politics and letters.
Early life and education.
Minto was born in Murree, British Raj, present-day Pakistan. He attended Islamia High School, Rawalpindi and Gordon College (Rawalpindi). He received his law degree (LL.B) from the Punjab University Law College in 1955. While at Law College he was elected President of the Students Union and won and retained the title of "Best All Pakistan Debater" for four years.
Political beginning.
Minto became a member of the Communist Party of Pakistan (CPP) in 1949 and remained with it until it was banned in 1954 after the Rawalpindi Conspiracy Case along with the Democratic Students Federation (DSF) which was also co-founded by Minto in 1949 while at Gordon College. The DSF had been popular in all four provinces and was succeeded, after its ban, by the National Students Federation (NSF) which exists to date.
Trade unions.
In his younger days Minto was an active trade unionist and organized the Military Engineering Service (MES) Workers Union. He worked for the Attock Oil Company Workers Union in Rawalpindi and the Railway Workers Union which was led by Mirza Muhammad Ibrahim, a veteran trade union leader of the Indo Pak sub continent. Minto was a member of the Central Executive of the Pakistan Trade Union Federation (affiliated with the World Federation of Trade Unions) from 1967–1986.
Farmers/peasants.
Minto's ties with local peasant movements are in place to date. Along with veteran peasant leader Chaudhry Fateh Muhammad, he has worked to organize Kissan (peasant) Committees (کسان کمیٹی) in rural Punjab. These committees provide local farmers with a platform for discussion and action in respect to the problems faced by them in Pakistan's agrarian society where ownership of land vests predominantly in big landowners.
Literature.
Minto joined the Progressive Writers Association (PWA) in 1949. He is a literary critic. His first essay "The Issue of Language in Pakistan" was published in 1951 in the literary journal Adb e Latif (). Other essays by him, later published as a collection "Nuqta e Nazarنقطہ نظر"(The Viewpoint: 1st Edition 1986 2nd Edition 2003) include: The Problem of Religious Literature (Shahrah شاہراہ 1954); Literary Criticism (Adb e Latif 1954ادب لطیف); The Issue of Ideologies in Literature (Adb e Latif 1955ادب لطیف); Progressive Ideology and Contemporary Literature (Adb e Latif 1960ادب لطیف); Problems of Modern Poetry (Nayee Shairi 1964نئ شاعری) and Eternal Values in Literature (Auraq 1967اوراق). His essay The Technique of the One Act Playایکانکی ڈرامہ (Adb e Latif 1957ادب لطیف) was part of the curriculum for graduate studies in Urdu literature.
Legal career (1955-).
Minto began law practice in 1955 at Rawalpindi where his father and, before him, his grandfather had also practiced. He moved to Lahore in 1958, was admitted, Advocate of the Lahore High Court in 1957 and of the Supreme Court of Pakistan in 1963. He remains a practicing lawyer and is the Senior Consultant to "Minto and Mirza, a Lahore based law firm.
Minto conducted several cases of constitutional, political and legal importance. These include:
Minto has appeared in a large number of cases involving issues such as:
Some of the other issues in Minto's legal battles include:
Law & Justice Commission of Pakistan (2012 - 2015).
In March 2012 Minto was appointed a member of the LJCP (Law & Justice Commission of Pakistan).
The Law and Justice Commission of Pakistan is a Federal Government institution, established under an Ordinance (XIV) of 1979. The Commission is headed by the Chief Justice of Pakistan and comprises 12 other members including the Chief Justices of the superior courts, Attorney General for Pakistan, Secretary, Ministry of Law, Justice & Human Rights and Chairperson, National Commission on the Status of Women and others. Each province is represented by one member. Minto serves on the commission as the member from Punjab. His tenure will end in 2015.
Politics.
Minto is the president of the Awami Workers Party, formed in November 2012 by a merger of three left-wing pareties in Pakistan.
Background.
In 1967 Minto joined the National Awami Party (NAP Balochistan). The following year, at the party's general elections in Dacca, Bangladesh (then East Pakistan) he was elected member of its Central Executive Committee.
In 1971, on the eve of East Pakistan's separation from (West) Pakistan, a number of leftwing political workers from NAP and other groups, held a conference and founded the Pakistan Socialist Party (PSP). C. R. Aslam, a veteran communist leader was elected President while Minto was elected first General Secretary. He stayed with PSP until 1986 and was elected General Secretary three times.
Following a split in the PSP in 1986, Minto founded the Awami Jamhoori Party (Peoples Democratic Party) in 1987, comprising dissidents from the PSP and members of a Sindh based left group called the Communist League. On 1 May 1999, the Awami Jamhoori Party, Pakistan Socialist Party and a faction of Pakistan National Party (led by Baloch leader Ghaus Bakhsh Bizenjo) formed the National Workers' Party. Minto was elected its first President. NWP was a part of the All Parties Democratic Movement (APDM) in lawyers movement. Minto was elected first President of the Workers Party Pakistan, formed after the merger of five leftwing parties and groups (Communist Mazdoor Kisan Party, National Workers Party, Peoples Rights Movement, Watan Dost Mazdoor Federation, Awami Mazdoor Anjuman) and held office until November 2012, when the WPP merged with the Labour Party Pakistan and the Awami Party Pakistan to form the Awami Workers Party. At the founding congress, Minto was elected president of the new party.
Arrests.
For his politics generally, and especially during the lawyers movement against General Zia ul Haq, Minto faced arrests and detentions several times.
Books.
A collection of Minto's essays mostly written during the 1950s and 1960s on ideological issues in literature was published in 1986 titled 'Nuqta-e-Nazar نقطہ نظر' (The Viewpoint) with a second edition in 2003 containing some later writings also. He belongs to the Marxist school of literary criticism.
Family and family name.
The family name "Minto" was originally "Manto" or "Mantu" and is still used as such by most of the "Mantu" family. "Mantu" like Kichlu, Sapru, Nehru, and Kaatju, signifies a caste of Hindu Brahmin pandits from Kashmir a number of whom migrated to Amritsar, now in the Indian Punjab and then to Rawalpindi. Minto's father Khawaja Ahmad Hassan (1896—1982), a well known civil lawyer in Rawalpindi was a leader of the Indian National Congress until 1943 later joining the Muslim League to play a role in its local politics during the Pakistan movement. Javaid Ahmed Minto was a nephew of the Indian Nationalist Leader Saifuddin Kichlu who was also the paternal uncle of Minto's mother, Aziz Begum (1895—1981). The Urdu short story writer Saadat Hassan Manto (1912—1955) was Minto's great-grand uncle. In 1961 Minto married Tasnim Minto née Kausar (1935--), herself a writer who has published a collection of short stories "Zara si Baat ذرا سی بات" ("A Small Matter"). They have three children, two daughters and a son, from the marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="20199532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199532" title="Ramapo Central School District">
Ramapo Central School District

Ramapo Central School District is a school district headquartered in Hillburn, a village in the Town of Ramapo in Rockland County, New York, United States located north of Suffern; east of Orange County, New York; south of Viola and west of Montebello. It is considered to be one of the more rural communities in Rockland County.
The Ramapo Central School District serves the villages of Airmont, Hillburn, Montebello, Sloatsburg, Suffern (including Viola), and a portion of Monsey. 
The 6 villages together have a combined population of 46,926 according to the 2000 census that takes up which makes the population density for the area the district serves about 2245.26 people per square mile.
History.
Until the 1940s some of the schools in the district were racially segregated, until the desegregation of the previously all-black Brooks School in 1943 
Schools.
Elementary Schools.
All of the districts elementary schools are K-5

</doc>
<doc id="20199533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199533" title="Wild Rags">
Wild Rags

Wild Rags Records was a record label and store in Montebello, California. It was founded in the 1980s by Ricardo Campos. Though Wild Rags started out as a record store in East LA releasing cassette from bands such as Cherry Street, the zine would go on to distribute influential releases by the likes of Nuclear Death, Impetigo, Brutality, Blood, Sigh, Blasphemy as well as Necrophobic, Nuctemeron, and Extreme Smoke.
Richard C would later concentrate on distributing Brazilian heavy metal and selling catalogues.

</doc>
<doc id="20199671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199671" title="Albert Hourani Book Award">
Albert Hourani Book Award

The Albert Hourani Book Award is a non-fiction book award given by the Middle East Studies Association to the year's most notable book in Middle Eastern and Islamic studies. On occasion the award has been shared by two authors. Named after the scholar Albert Hourani, the award was first given in 1991, to Abraham Marcus. Winners include Michael Cook and Rashid Khalidi.

</doc>
<doc id="20199706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199706" title="TT10">
TT10

The Theban Tomb TT10 is located in Deir el-Medina, part of the Theban Necropolis, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite to Luxor. It is the burial place of the Ancient Egyptian artisan (his exact title was Servant in the Place of Truth) named Penbuy, who lived during the 19th Dynasty. Penbuy shared his tomb with Kasa, also a Servant in the Place of Truth. On a stela from Turin (N. 50037) Kasa is said to be the son of Penbuy.
Tomb.
The left side of the chapel shows several scenes of people offering to seated couples. Many of the names are illegible however. The right side of the chapel shows a scene depicting Kasa and his wife Bukha'nef with a daughter. In another register the tomb, four mummies and a funeral procession are depicted. The mummies seem to be Kasa, his son Nebamentet, his wife Bukha'nef and a lady of the house named Hathor. A son named Neferemsenut and a daughter named Sheritre are depicted standing before the mummies. In another scene a son of Kassa named Ptahmose is mentioned. Ptahmose's wife is named Sheritre.
On the ceiling of the chapel inscriptions again identify Kasa and his wife Bukha'nef, while another mentions Penbuy and his wife Amentet-wosret.
In the innerchapel Penbuy and his brother Penshen'abu are shown before Amenhotep I. Ahmose Nefertari and the pharaohs Sethi I, Ramesses I and Horemheb. In a nearby scene Ramesses II and the vizier Paser are shown offering to Ptah and Hathor.
External links.
Scans of Norman and Nina De Garis Davies' tracings of Theban Tomb 10 (external).

</doc>
<doc id="20199722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199722" title="Nargin">
Nargin

Nargin can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20199755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199755" title="Daniel Popescu">
Daniel Popescu

Daniel Popescu (born 20 February 1988) is a Romanian footballer currently under contract with Liga I side FC Oțelul Galați.

</doc>
<doc id="20199768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199768" title="Reina Sudamericana 2005">
Reina Sudamericana 2005

Reina Sudamericana 2005, The 15th Reina Sudamericana Beauty Pageant was held in Cochabamba, Bolivia on October 14, 2005. 11 contestants was competed in the event. Diana Cepeda, Miss Colombia won the title.

</doc>
<doc id="20199780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199780" title="Ovatipsa chinensis">
Ovatipsa chinensis

Ovatipsa chinensis common name the Chinese cowrie, is a species of cowry, a sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries. 
Description.
The mantle of the animal is bright red, and it is completely covered by protruding short filaments. The shells of this species reach of length. The shells are smooth and elongate, light brown or yellowish in color with clear dots on the dorsum and a flat white base. In the variety "variolaria" (Lamarck, 1810), the basic color of the shell is light brown, with slight purple spots on the edges.
Distribution and Habitat.
This species is found throughout the Indian Ocean and in the Central Pacific Ocean, in seas along Red Sea, East Africa, Australia, Indonesia and Philippines, in intertidal waters at of depth . The Chinese cowry is active at night and hides under rocks in cracks and crevices during the day.
Subspecies.
The following subspecies have been recognized : 

</doc>
<doc id="20199789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199789" title="1994 Stockholm Open – Singles">
1994 Stockholm Open – Singles

Michael Stich was the defending champion, but lost in the quarter-finals to Boris Becker.
Becker won in the final 4–6, 6–4, 6–3, 7–6(7–4), against Goran Ivanišević.

</doc>
<doc id="20199803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199803" title="Suruga Trough">
Suruga Trough


</doc>
<doc id="20199815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199815" title="Monetaria caputserpentis">
Monetaria caputserpentis

Monetaria caputserpentis, common name the serpent's-head cowry, is a species of cowry, a sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries. 
Description.
The basic color of the shell is reddish-brown, with many whitish dots on the top of the dorsum, which sometimes shows a clear longitudinal line. The underside is light beige. 
Frequently these shells are sold with a purple top, which is achieved by dipping the dorsum in acid.
Synonyms.
In literature and on various websites the synonym "Cypraea caputserpentis" is still commonly used.
There are two subspecies :

</doc>
<doc id="20199820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199820" title="Lukáš Džogan">
Lukáš Džogan

Lukáš Džogan ("pronounced" Djogan) (born 1 January 1987) is a professional Slovak football defender who currently plays for FK Košice-Barca, on loan from the Slovak Corgoň Liga club MFK Košice.
Career statistics.
"Last updated: 21 May 2010"

</doc>
<doc id="20199823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199823" title="Ilie Daniel Popescu">
Ilie Daniel Popescu

Ilie Daniel Popescu (b. June 1, 1983 in Reşita, Romania) was a Romanian born artistic gymnast. He is an Olympic Team bronze medallist (2004), a world silver medalist (2007/ vault) and a European bronce medalist (2008/ Pommel Horse). He changed his nationality to German. He coaches several teams of the German gymnastics club TV Schwäbisch Gmünd Wetzgau, for which he also starts in the German Gymnastics League.

</doc>
<doc id="20199824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199824" title="Embassy (cigarette)">
Embassy (cigarette)

Embassy is a brand of cigarettes from Imperial Tobacco. First sold in 1914 and relaunched as a coupon brand in 1962, in 1976 they were invited to sponsor the World Snooker Championships, which they did from then until 2005 at which time they had to pull out due to the UK government's ban on tobacco sponsorship.
When the Embassy brand was launched, more effort was put into developing and launching it than any other previous cigarette brand.
Embassy Filter was introduced in 1962 and, by the late 1960s, was the most popular brand of cigarette in the UK, taking 24% of the market in 1968.
In 2001, Embassy No. 1 had a 3.1% share of the UK licit cigarette market, and an estimated 4.8% share of the illicit market (based on seizures). In 2004, Embassy accounted for 24% of the premium segment of the UK market.
Former snooker world champion, the late Alex Higgins sued the makers of Embassy in 1999, claiming that the encouragement from the sponsors to smoke Embassy cigarettes, and the free cigarettes given to players had contributed to him contracting throat cancer.
Embassy is currently one of the most expensive cigarette brands in the UK with prices ranging from £8.40-£9.00 per pack of 20, it also has a sister brand, named Embassy Regal.

</doc>
<doc id="20199836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199836" title="John Sanford Barnes">
John Sanford Barnes

John Sanford Barnes (May 12, 1836 -- November 22, 1911) was a United States Navy officer and businessman and naval historian. 
Biography.
Barnes was born at West Point, New York, in 1836, while his father, General James Barnes, served as an instructor there. He entered the US Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland, at age 14, serving after his graduation aboard Preble, and under Commodore Stewart on San Jacinto in Europe and the West Indies, and on Saratoga. He was aboard Arctic when it participated in the first survey for the original Atlantic cable in 1856. The following year, aged 21, he was appointed assistant professor of ethics at the US Naval Academy, and after a subsequent year in private business he was appointed master of Jamestown.
In 1858 he resigned his commission and attended Albany Law School. After passing the bar he practiced law until 1861. During the American Civil War, he served in the Union Navy initially as navigator of Wabash, and later as commander of Dawn, Paul Jones, Lenape, and Bat. In 1863 he married Susan Bainbridge Hayes, granddaughter of Commodore William Bainbridge and great-grandniece of Admiral John Barry. After the War, he served as commander of the Naval Academy's practice ships Marblehead and Savannah, as an instructor at the Academy, and wrote "Submarine Warfare": the first major work on the use of torpedoes.
From 1869 to 1880 he was in private business, largely engaged in obtaining financing for what was to become the Great Northern Railway. He devoted time also to collecting memorabilia of the Navy during the American Revolution and War of 1812. He served as the first President of the Naval History Society and edited the first volume of its publications, "The Log Books of the Serapis, Alliance, and Ariel," before his death in 1911. His manuscript collections and library formed the basis of the Naval History Society's collections, and were donated to the Society in 1915, by his son Col. James Barnes. The Collections became part of the New-York Historical Society when the Naval History Society moved there in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="20199847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199847" title="Rules and Regulations (song)">
Rules and Regulations (song)

"Rules and Regulations" is a song written and performed by Canadian-American singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright. It was the second single from Wainwright's fifth studio album, "Release the Stars", released digitally via iTunes in the UK on July 30, 2007. 
Despite the success of "Release the Stars", which reached #2 on the UK Albums Chart, and the performance of "Going to a Town", the first single from the album that reached #54 on the UK Singles Chart, "Rules and Regulations" failed to chart in any nation. A music video, directed by Petro Papahadjopoulos, was also created to promote the single.
Music video.
Petro Papahadjopoulos directed the music video for "Rules and Regulations", which features a group of men performing a choreographed dance around a long john-wearing Wainwright inside a London mansion.

</doc>
<doc id="20199851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199851" title="Reina Sudamericana 2006">
Reina Sudamericana 2006

Reina Sudamericana 2006, The 16th Reina Sudamericana Beauty Pageant was held in Santa Cruz, Bolivia on October 27, 2006. 15 contestants was competed in the event. Francine Eickemberg, Miss Brazil won the title.

</doc>
<doc id="20199852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199852" title="Charlie Butler-Henderson">
Charlie Butler-Henderson

Charlie Butler-Henderson (born 23 November 1978) is a British auto racing driver who now works as a racing instructor and presenter. He is part of a family which are strongly involved with motorsport. His father was a karting champion and his sister Vicki also races and is a motoring TV presenter.
Racing career.
He started in motorsports winning several titles in karting, he moved up to single-seat racing in the 1995 Formula Vauxhall Junior Championship. After time as a test driver and doing some instructing, he was in the Marcos Mantis Challenge, finishing the season in second. In 2000, he progressed to the British GT championship driving a Marcos LM 600 for the Ohana Team. For 2001, he also drove in the British and French GTO championships. In 2002 he drove in the British GT for TFM-GT Team. In 2003 he competed in the Renault Clio Cup, finishing twelfth in points for Xcel Motorsport.
For 2004 he got a drive in the British Touring Car Championship. He drove in half a season for the Gary Ayles-run Team Sureterm, in a Vauxhall Astra Coupe. the year was not a particularly successful one, finishing tenth in the independents cup, and twenty-second overall. He then left racing to concentrate on instructing.
In 2009 and 2010 he had two one-off appearances in the Ginetta G50 Cup with Speedworks Motorsport, finishing three out of five races he started.
For 2010 he was signed by Advent Motor Sport to drive in the Trofeo Abarth 500 Great Britain. He scored seven podiums including a second at Round 1 at Oulton Park and finished 3rd in the championship.
Racing record.
Complete Trofeo Abarth 500 GB results.
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in "italics" indicate fastest lap) 

</doc>
<doc id="20199856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199856" title="Cypraea friendii">
Cypraea friendii

Cypraea friendii is a species of cowry, a sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.

</doc>
<doc id="20199858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199858" title="So Young, So Insane">
So Young, So Insane

So Young, So Insane is the second EP by You, Me, and Everyone We Know, a rock band from Washington, D.C. The six-track record was released independently on November 18, 2008.
History.
Ben Liebsch announced the new record and its release date of November 18, 2008, on September 9. Shortly before the album was recorded, Mike O'Rourke and Ryan Sherrill left You, Me, and Everyone We Know. On November 12, Liebsch released the album artwork and the track listing.
The album was released online to download for free. Max Bemis of Say Anything performed guest vocals on the album's first track, "I Can Get Back Up Now."

</doc>
<doc id="20199869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199869" title="William Dewsbury">
William Dewsbury

William Dewsbury ("ca." 1621–1688) was Quaker minister in the early period of the movement. He was born in Allerthorpe, Yorkshire, around 1621. Little is known about his parents and education, apart from the fact that his father died when he was eight years old. Deswbury studied both scripture and other religious texts from an early age. Until around the age of 13 he worked as a shepherd in Allerthorpe - after which he became an apprentice to a weaver in Holbeck. In 1642, his brief experience in the Parliamentary Army led him to reject fighting with ‘carnall’ weapons on religious grounds. Dewsbury travelled to Edinburgh, having become interested in Presbyterianism, but was disappointed by the formality of the Scottish faith. It is unknown when Dewsbury married, but a date of around 1649 has been proposed. It is known that his wife, whose first name was Ann, came from York, and that they were married in an Anabaptist ceremony. The couple unsuccessfully attempted to regain some former property of Ann Dewsbury, which had been taken by her brother, in court. In 1651 he met the prominent English Dissenter and early Quaker George Fox in the house of a Lieutenant Roper, near Balsby. Also present were Thomas Goodaire, James Nayler and Richard Farnsworth. In 1652 he became a Quaker minister, and travelled through Westmoreland, Cumberland and Lancashire preaching. During this journey, both Dewsbury and Robert Widders, an associate, were attacked by a group of Baptists while speaking in Carlisle, and Widders was later imprisoned. He spoke in Sedbergh in 1653, and was imprisoned in York after being accused of blasphemy by a local priest in 1654. However, he was set free by proclamation soon afterwards when the authorities realised that the evidence against him was spurious.
Dewsbury died in Warwick on 17 June 1688.
Publications.
The source of this list of publications is Catalogue of the Library of the Religious Society of Friends, London, cited below.

</doc>
<doc id="20199882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199882" title="Antonie Sminck Pitloo">
Antonie Sminck Pitloo

Antonie or Anton Sminck Pitloo (Arnhem, 21 April or 8 May 1790 – Naples, 22 June 1837) was a Dutch painter. His surname was originally Pitlo, but he added the extra "o" because he was often mistaken for an Italian while resident in Italy. In Italian he is also known as Antonio van Pitloo.
Pitloo started studying painting first at Paris and then at Rome, where there was already an international artistic colony, in 1811. He took advantage of a scholarship offered by Louis Bonaparte, the King of Holland. In 1815, after the fall of Bonaparte, the scholarship payments ceased. He was then invited to Naples by the Russian diplomat and art connoisseur Count Grigory Vladimirovich Orloff (1777 – 22 June 1826). In 1816, Pitloo won, in a public competition, the post of professor of landscape at the Neapolitan Academy. Lord Napier lauded him as a landscape painter:
In 1820 he married Giulia Mori and thus became a citizen of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. He became a lecturer at the Art Institute of Art at Naples where he specialized in pastoral painting.
Around 1826 he was living in Vicoletto del Vasto 15, with Carl Götzloff, Giacinto Gigante and Teodoro Duclere. Gabriele Smargiassi was his pupil and successor at the Academy. Another pupil was Vincenzo Franceschini.
He remained in Naples until his death during a cholera epidemic. He was buried in the English Cemetery there.
He was considered a leading exponent of the "Posillipo School" of painting, named to the area where he lived in Naples. His paintings have been compared to precursors of Impressionism, some sixty years before this was invented.

</doc>
<doc id="20199890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199890" title="Blood Tracks">
Blood Tracks

Blood Tracks is a crime novel by the American writer Karen Rose Cercone set in 1905 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It tells the story of detective Milo Kachigan and his investigation of a murder of an engineer for the Westinghouse Air Brake Company.

</doc>
<doc id="20199898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199898" title="Neobernaya spadicea">
Neobernaya spadicea

Neobernaya spadicea, previously known as "Cypraea spadicea", common name the chestnut cowrie, is a species of temperate sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries. 
Distribution.
This species is a temperate cowry which occurs in the Eastern Pacific Ocean. It is relatively common in Southern California, particularly around the Channel Islands. It does occur from Monterey, California, through Southern California, and south to Cedros Island, in Baja California, Mexico, but north of Santa Barbara, California, it is not often found.
Shell description.
The adult shell of this species ranges in size from 40 to 65 mm. The name "chestnut cowry" come from a large patch of a rich chestnut brown on the dorsum of the shell, ringed with a darker brown, against a white background.
Habitat.
This species lives on exposed rocky shores in the very low intertidal and subtidal zones. It is found on overhanging rock ledges and on other somewhat sheltered rock surfaces.

</doc>
<doc id="20199929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199929" title="Reina Sudamericana 2000">
Reina Sudamericana 2000

Reina Sudamericana 2000, The 10th Reina Sudamericana Beauty Pageant was held in Santa Cruz, Bolivia on November 3, 2000. 9 contestants were competed in the event. Ligia Petit, Miss Venezuela won the title.
Results.
Reina Sudamericana 2000: Ligia Petit (Venezuela)

</doc>
<doc id="20199935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199935" title="Réver">
Réver

Réver Humberto Alves Araújo (born 4 January 1985, in Ariranha, São Paulo), most commonly known as Réver, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Brazilian Série A club Atlético Mineiro.
Club career.
Paulista.
Réver started his career at Paulista, a Série B football club based in Jundiaí, and was promoted to the first team in 2004. He was a part of the Paulista Championship runner-up squad and contributed to the major title of the club, the 2005 Brazilian Cup.
He soon became an important first teamer alongside Marcio Mossoró and Victor and attracted many other big Brazilian clubs.
Despite the bad campaign in the Libertadores in 2006, Rever played very well. Later, he went on loan to Al-Wahda, a football club based in Abu Dhabi, but soon returned.
Grêmio.
In early 2008, after the relegation to the Brazilian Serie C and the Campeonato Paulista poor campaign, Paulista sold half of the Rever's rights and sent him on loan to Grêmio, where he met a former Paulista partner, the goalkeeper Victor.
He quickly gained a first team spot and established himself as one of the bests defenders in the championship. He was also one of the team's vice-captains.
On November 12, Gremio obtained the other half of his rights and he signed a new five-year contract.
Wolfsburg.
In January 2010 Réver signed a five-year contract with VfL Wolfsburg.
Atlético Mineiro.
On 19 July 2010 Réver was announced as an Atlético Mineiro player for the 2010 Série A on Atlético Mineiro's chairman Alexandre Kalil personal Twitter profile.
Personal life.
Araujo's Brazilian wife holds a German passport.

</doc>
<doc id="20199942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199942" title="We Are Most Amused">
We Are Most Amused

We Are Most Amused was a gala event held at the New Wimbledon Theatre on 12 November 2008 in honour of the 60th birthday of Charles, Prince of Wales, in aid of The Prince's Trust. Prince Charles attended the event with his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and youngest son Prince Harry.
The show had a similar format to the Royal Variety Show and showcased a variety of comedy acts. The performance was televised by ITV to the public on 15 November 2008.
Robin Williams made his first UK stage appearance in more than 25 years. Tickets were sold to the general public and the event sold out in one hour.

</doc>
<doc id="20199945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199945" title="Reina Sudamericana 2001">
Reina Sudamericana 2001

Reina Sudamericana 2001, The 11th Reina Sudamericana Beauty Pageant was held in Santa Cruz, Bolivia on November 9, 2001. 10 contestants was competed in the event. María Rocío Stevenson, Miss Colombia won the title.
Results.
Reina Sudamericana 2001: María Rocío Stevenson (Colombia)

</doc>
<doc id="20199967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199967" title="Reina Sudamericana 2002">
Reina Sudamericana 2002

Reina Sudamericana 2002, The 12th Reina Sudamericana Beauty Pageant was held in Santa Cruz, Bolivia on November 15, 2002. 10 contestants was competed in the event. Marcela Ruete, Miss Ecuador won the title.
Results.
Reina Sudamericana 2002: Marcela Ruete (Ecuador)

</doc>
<doc id="20199968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199968" title="Günzəli">
Günzəli

Günzəli is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 5,917. 

</doc>
<doc id="20199969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199969" title="Le Chat (disambiguation)">
Le Chat (disambiguation)

Le Chat may refer to :
Also: 

</doc>
<doc id="20199971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199971" title="Ananda Group">
Ananda Group

Ananda Group is a Bangladeshi business conglomerate. The first Ananda company was established in 1983 as the Ananda Builders. The diverse business areas of the group include ship building, heavy engineering, textiles, real estate and shipping. 
The most well-known concern under the group is Ananda Shipyard and Shipways Ltd. It is the largest of the private ship yards in Bangladesh. 

</doc>
<doc id="20199972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199972" title="George Rédei">
George Rédei

George P. Rédei (1921–2008) was a Hungarian plant biologist, professor, author and member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.
Biography.
George Rédei was born June 14, 1921, in Vienna, Austria, to Kalman and Margit Rédei. He lived in Hungary, where he finished his formal education, until 1956. He and his wife, Magdolna, moved to Columbia, Missouri in 1957. He began teaching at the University of Missouri that year.
At MU, Rédei researched the genetics and biology of "Arabidopsis thaliana", a small mustard plant. He was the only person in the world to work with the plant for about 20 years, having begun working with Arabidopsis in 1957 using seeds he had brought with him from Europe. As of 2008, about 16,000 laboratories worldwide are pursuing research with Arabidopsis using his methods. Rédei used radiation to create mutant collections that were instrumental in the first Arabidopsis genetic experiments. The importance of Arabidopsis as a model system for plant genetics was not immediately appreciated; Rédei recalled that in 1969, "the NSF Science Foundation program director informed me I had to quit Arabidopsis if I wanted to continue to get support". Rédei's efforts later attracted the attention of Maarten Koornneef, who began studying Arabidopsis while at the Wageningen Agricultural University in the Netherlands in 1976. Korneef ultimately constructed a detailed genetic map, further facilitating Arabidopsis genetic research. In an article in "Science" published in 2000 when the Arabidopsis genome sequence was first reported, Robert Pruitt (molecular geneticist at Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana) stated "and Korneef were the guys that kept the torch burning Arabidopsis during the dark ages."
Rédei conducted his research in a cherished Curtis Hall office, which had been designed and occupied by Barbara McClintock, who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1983.
Rédei published approximately 250 papers, notes, letters, book chapters and books. His work appeared in journals including Science, Nature, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America, The EMBO Journal, Genes and Development, Molecular and General Genetics, Biochemical Genetics and Annual Review of Genetics.
Rédei remained at MU until he retired in 1991, but he continued teaching as a professor emeritus. He was a visiting professor at the Max-Planck-Institut in Cologne, Germany, and he taught for four years at the Eötvös Loránd University of Basic Sciences in Budapest, Hungary. Rédei was also a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.
After he retired, Rédei continued to publish. His works include the Encyclopedic Dictionary of Genetics, Genomics and Proteomics, a Genetics Manual and a two-volume body of work titled the Encyclopedia of Genetics, Genomics, Proteomics, and Informatics.
In 2004, MU dedicated the Plant Growth Facilities section of the Christopher S. Bond Life Sciences Center to Rédei.
Rédei died Monday, Nov. 10, 2008, in Nashville, Tennessee at the age of 87. Rédei is survived by his wife; one daughter, Mari Rédei Tenkhoff; one son-in-law, Kirk Tenkhoff; and three granddaughters, Paige, Grace and Anne Tenkhoff.

</doc>
<doc id="20199977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199977" title="Reina Sudamericana 2003">
Reina Sudamericana 2003

Reina Sudamericana 2003, The 13th Reina Sudamericana Beauty Pageant was held in Santa Cruz, Bolivia on November 6, 2003. 10 contestants was competed in the event. Cecília Valarini, Miss Brazil won the title.
Results.
Reina Sudamericana 2003: Cecília Valarini (Brazil)

</doc>
<doc id="20199978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199978" title="Sonic Universe">
Sonic Universe

Sonic Universe is a comic book series set within Archie Comics's Sonic the Hedgehog continuity, designed to expand the horizon of that fictional universe. "Sonic Universe" deals with various characters throughout the fictional universe, including Shadow the Hedgehog, Knuckles the Echidna and many more. The series subsequently surpassed the defunct "Knuckles the Echidna" as the longest running spinoff of the series.
Fleetway, the producers of the UK-based Sonic The Comic series, produced a similar series of stories called "Sonic's World" from issue 26 onwards; it, too, expanded the fictional universe, following various characters in the Sonic universe on their own adventures, which eventually crossed over into the core series on numerous occasions.
The series follows a unique format, in which its lead character and storyline changes every four issues. The storylines usually occur concurrently with those in the main Sonic the Hedgehog comic book, but typically take place in different locations. Sonic himself often does not appear in a storyline at all, except for occasional supporting appearances.
"Sonic Universe" is published monthly by Archie Comics alongside its parent title "Sonic the Hedgehog." The first issue was released on February 25, 2009 and now fills the role of "second monthly Sonic comic" that was left open by the cancellation of "Sonic X."
Synopsis.
Issues #1-50.
Issues #1-4, dubbed "The Shadow Saga", follow Shadow the Hedgehog following the events of "Sonic the Hedgehog" #196 and "Sonic X" #40. Shadow and Metal Sonic end up on the alternate world that is home to Blaze the Cat, who teams up with Shadow to help him defeat the robot and return to his own reality. Following this, Shadow and Rouge the Bat team up with Sonic the Hedgehog to neutralize a weapon that Dr. Eggman intends to use against Sonic's team of Freedom Fighters and possibly other forces opposed to him. This was followed by Shadow's first encounter with future teammate E-123 Omega, and the pair teaming up with Rouge to become Team Dark and retrieve a Chaos Emerald.
Issues #5-8, or "Mobius: 30 Years Later" return to a possible alternate reality visited in the main series. In this arc, time traveler Silver the Hedgehog travels to this future in an attempt to thwart events that will bring devastation to the future from which he hails. In the process, he ends up joining forces with a new team of Freedom Fighters, made up of children of the heroes from the present reality of the series, to thwart the evil King Shadow the Hedgehog, who unleashes a monstrous fusion of Tikal and Chaos from the video game Sonic Adventure.
Issues #9-12 are known as "Knuckles: The Return", in which Knuckles and his teammates, the Chaotix, set out to capture the Echidna villain Dr. Finitevus and punish him for his recent involvement in Knuckles' brief possession by the evil entity Enerjak. As a result of the search, they end up fighting Finitevus' allies, a chapter of the Dark Egg Legion, a group derived from Knuckles' Dark Legion enemies consisting of Platypus members. They are joined in the battle by a Freedom Fighter group based in Downunda, the Mobius equivalent of Australia. This arc also introduced Thrash the Tasmanian Devil, who would later return in the main series in a villainous capacity.
Issues #13-16 were entitled "Journey to the East" (a parody of the Chinese story Journey to the West). This arc took place between issues #209 and #210 of the main series, and featured Sonic, Tails, Sally Acorn, and their ally Monkey Khan traveling to the Dragon Kingdom, Khan's homeland as well as that of their mutual enemies, the Iron Dominion. The purpose of the journey was to break ties between the Iron Queen and King and the four ninja clans who swore allegiance to them. In the process, the group learned more about characters they had previously encountered, formed a temporary alliance with a group of foes known as the Destructix, and were rejoined by estranged ally Espio the Chameleon, who had left the Chaotix to join his people under the Dominion but became free to rejoin the heroes as a result of the efforts of Sonic's group.
Issues #17-20 were an adaptation of the Sega game Tails Adventure, which was also the title of the arc. As in the game, Tails engages the Battle Bird Armada, a group of birds who have set up a facility near a remote island. Due to the placement of this arc in the comic universe, these issues included Antoine and Bunnie D'Coolette and Tails' fellow Freedom Fighters, joining him in this setting, having been brought there for an overdue honeymoon. The arc also establishes connections between the Armada and the Babylon Rogues, other bird characters created at a later date by Sega.
Issues #21-24 shared the title "Treasure Team Tango," and starred a variety of Sega characters. The premise of the arc involved Amy Rose and Cream the Rabbit teaming up with Blaze the Cat to locate a Sol Emerald, a magical gemstone from the Cat's home dimension. Their search is complicated by the arrival of other parties seeking the gem, including Team Dark, who eventually ally with the trio, who are dubbed "Team Rose", Team Hoolgan, consisting of classic Sega characters Nack the Weasel, Bark the Polar Bear, and Bean the Dynamite, and Team Babylon(the Babylon Rogues). Team Babylon consists of Jet the Hawk, Wave the Swallow and Storm the Albatross.
Issues #24-28, dubbed "The Silver Saga", featured Silver the Hedgehog visiting another alternate future. In this reality, he teamed up with alternate versions of characters from the present-day series under the leadership of Jani-Ca, the daughter of a corrupted Knuckles the Echidna and his love interest in the series, Julie-Su. Together, this group fought against the villainous Enerjak and his minions, who consisted of robotic slaves created from the stolen life force of various characters previously introduced in the series.
Issues #29-32 were presented as "Scourge: Lock Down", focusing on Sonic's evil counterpart from an alternate dimension, Scourge the Hedgehog. Having previously been handed over to an interdimensional police force known as the Zone Cops, Scourge has lost much of his confidence and become the punching bag of many of his fellow inmates. However, things are changed when the Destructix, former allies of his led by his girlfriend, Fiona Fox, arrive in the jail as well with plans to break him out. This arc was notable in that it featured no actual Sega characters, but rather variations of them exclusive to the comic.
Issues #33-36, "Babylon Rising", continued the story of the Babylon Rogues and the Battle Bird Armada. The trio of renegades ended up being forced into rejoining the Armada, and together the two forces set out to locate their lost homeland of Babylon Garden. In this way the arc adapts concepts from the video game "Sonic Riders", though again with elements from the ongoing comic series playing a heavy roll. This was one of the few arcs to feature Sonic with some prominence, as the Armada eventually attacked the Freedom Fighters' home city in search of their homeland.
Issues #37-40 focused on the culmination of a rivalry between Dr. Eggman and his nephew Snively. The latter, having departed the Eggman Empire and set out on his own, disrupts Eggman's operations to some degree, forcing him to restore order. After a brief stop in the United Federation, where Snively approaches his half-sister Hope about joining him and Eggman engages military forces under E-123 Omega, the pair headed to the Dragon Kingdom. There Snively rescued his love interest, the imprisoned Iron Queen, before engaging his uncle in a heated showdown.
Issues #41-44, otherwise known as "Secret Freedom", starred Silver the Hedgehog and his new teammates, the Secret Freedom Fighters. This group, a black ops unit created and led by deposed king Elias Acorn, sets out to thwart the efforts of the evil wizard Ixis Naugus and his apprentice Geoffrey St. John to dominate the city of New Mobotropolis. In doing so, the group operated in disguise and using codenames so as to prevent their true identities from being discovered by Naugus.
Issue #45 was the first single-issue story, and served as an adaptation of the racing game Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed. The following arc, "Chaotix Quest", covered issues #46-49 and starred Team Chaotix, who traveled to the regions of Mercia and the Great Desert in search of two missing teammates. In the process, they ended up involved in the conflicts between the Freedom Fighters and Dark Egg Legion Chapters of both regions.
Issue #50, the second milestone in the series, would feature a story focusing on Metal Sonic, including a reprint of "Sonic the Hedgehog" #25, the story in which he was first introduced. Originally this issue was going to feature an epilogue to the animated series "Sonic Underground".
Issue #51-Present.
Issues #51-54 were included in Archie's "Worlds Collide" story arc, a twelve-issue event featuring a crossover between the Sonic the Hedgehog and Mega Man comic series produced by the company. These issues, rather than being chronologically back to back, were instead released in sequence with the Mega Man and Sonic the Hedgehog issues, serving as parts 2, 5, 8, and 11 of twelve.
Issues #55-58 encompassed the "Pirate Plunder Panic" saga, which directly follows up on the events of the Worlds Collide Crossover. Amy Rose and Cream, along with recurring antagonists Bark the Polar Bear and Bean the Dynamite, are transported to the world of Blaze the Cat. The two heroines join up with Blaze and her sidekick, Marine the Raccoon, against a crew of robotic pirates in a bid to claim the last of the scattered Sol Emeralds.
Issues #59-62 cover the "Shadow Fall" saga, which is a sequel of sorts to the "Shadow the Hedgehog" video game. In this story, the New Black Comet arrives to planet Mobius carrying a new alien menace, which Team Dark is forced to confront. New characters are revealed, such as Black Death: a sub-leader for Black Doom, now the sole leader of the Black Arms, and Eclipse the Darkling, a Black Arms elite warrior created to mach Shadow.
Issues #63-66 encompass the "Great Chaos Caper," which runs parallel to the "Sonic Unleashed" adaptation taking place in the main series. In this, Knuckles and the Chaotix-who in the rebooted continuity are no longer considered teammates-join forces to help the Freedom Fighters in the quest to restore the world to normal after its shattering. In the process, they must contend with the minions of Dark Gaia and the Hooligans, a team of classic Sonic game villains consisting of Nack the Weasel, Bark the Polar Bear, and Bean the Dynamite.
Adaptations.
Like the main Sonic the Hedgehog series, Sonic Universe usually features original stories involving the various characters in the comic. However, a number of issues have featured adaptations of Sega games. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="20199981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199981" title="Muğan, Jalilabad">
Muğan, Jalilabad

Muğan (known as Svetlaya Zarya until 2001) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,852. 

</doc>
<doc id="20199986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199986" title="Reina Sudamericana 2004">
Reina Sudamericana 2004

Reina Sudamericana 2004, The 14th Reina Sudamericana Beauty Pageant was held in Cochabamba, Bolivia on October 29, 2004. 12 contestants was competed in the event. Tania Domanickzy, Miss Paraguay won the title.
Results.
Reina Sudamericana 2004: Tania Domanickzy (Paraguay)

</doc>
<doc id="20199989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199989" title="Coal Bones">
Coal Bones

Coal Bones is a crime novel by the American writer Karen Rose Cercone set in 1905 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of detective Milo Kachigan and his investigation of a murder of a coal miner in Bull Creek Mine.

</doc>
<doc id="20199990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199990" title="Byron Thames">
Byron Thames

Byron Thames (born April 23, 1969) is an American television and film actor and musician.
Life and career.
Born in Jackson, Mississippi, he relocated shortly after his birth to New Orleans, Louisiana, he moved to Hollywood, California with his mother at age eight to pursue a career as an actor.
After meeting actor/director Michael Landon, Thames was cast in the NBC television network dramatic television series "Father Murphy" in 1981 at the age of eleven opposite actor and former NFL athlete Merlin Olsen. The series ran for two seasons and ended in 1983. The following year, he was cast in the Amy Heckerling-directed comedy film "Johnny Dangerously", playing the part of actor Michael Keaton's character as a youngster, and appeared in the Mick Jagger-penned dramatic film "Blame It on the Night".
In 1985 he received a starring role in the Linda Feferman-directed teen comedy-drama "Seven Minutes in Heaven". The film centered on the relationships of three teenage friends, portrayed by Thames, Jennifer Connelly and Maddie Corman. During the 1980s, Thames also made appearances in a number of television series, including: "CHiPs", "Silver Spoons", "21 Jump Street" and "Family Ties".
In 2001, he appeared in the R.D. Robb-directed dramatic film "Don's Plum" as the title character 'Don Plum'. The film starred Kevin Connolly, Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, Jeremy Sisto and Marissa Ribisi.
In 2004, he co-starred with James Vallo in the independent sci-fi comedy "Space Daze" which was distributed by Troma Entertainment in 2005 and then reprised his role in the 2009 sequel "Spaced Out".
In 2007, he teamed up again with Vallo and "Space Daze" writer/director John Wesley Norton playing the lead role in the then titled "Working Title" which was later released as "Not Another B Movie" in 2011 (also distributed by Troma).
Personal life.
Byron Thames married actress Lisa Alpert. They had one child together, Hudson Thames. Later on they divorced and he then married actress Tricia Leigh Fisher in August 2007 and resides in Hollywood, California with their young son, Wylder Thames, his son, Hudson Thames, and her son, Holden Chabot from a previous relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="20199999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20199999" title="Həziabad">
Həziabad

Həziabad is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,721. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200011" title="Suluçeşmə">
Suluçeşmə

Suluçeşmə is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 925. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200020" title="Çünzəli">
Çünzəli

Çünzəli is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 849. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200032" title="Söyüdlü, Jalilabad">
Söyüdlü, Jalilabad

Söyüdlü is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 738. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200036" title="Reactor Institute Delft">
Reactor Institute Delft

The Reactor Institute Delft (), or RID, is a nuclear research institute at Delft University of Technology in Delft, the Netherlands. 
The institute features the Hoger Onderwijs Reactor (HOR, , a 2 MWt pool-type research reactor. Neutron research instruments are developed using several neutron beam lines leading from the core. One of the most intense positron beam lines in the world is powered by gamma-pair production near the reactor core.
Organization.
The institute is part of the Faculty of Applied Sciences since its name change to Reactor Institute, but was previously not part of a faculty and known as the Interfacultair Reactor Instituut (IRI, )

</doc>
<doc id="20200039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200039" title="Köarz">
Köarz

Köarz is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 660. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200105" title="Mədətli">
Mədətli

Mədətli is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 575. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200118" title="Abdullu">
Abdullu

Abdullu is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 545. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200124" title="Məşədilər, Jalilabad">
Məşədilər, Jalilabad

Məşədilər is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 432. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200130" title="Hasıllı">
Hasıllı

Hasıllı is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 392. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200134" title="Şükürlü">
Şükürlü

Şükürlü is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 385. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200142" title="Tahirli, Jalilabad">
Tahirli, Jalilabad

Tahirli is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 367. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200146" title="Şötüklü">
Şötüklü

Şötüklü is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 343. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200150" title="Allahverənli">
Allahverənli

Allahverənli is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 331. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200155" title="Dostallı">
Dostallı

Dostallı is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 279. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200164" title="Qaraağac, Jalilabad">
Qaraağac, Jalilabad

Qaraağac is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 276. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200165" title="Yann Barthès">
Yann Barthès

Yann Barthès (born 9 October 1974 in Chambéry, Savoie) is a French journalist best known for presenting the TV show "Le Petit Journal".
After studying English and then communication in Bordeaux, he became a journalist in 2002 on the show "+ clair", a weekly program dealing with media issues, which aired on Saturdays from 12.40 to 1.50 pm on Canal +.
In 2004, he joined "Le Grand Journal"'s crew, where he presents, each evening, "Le Petit Journal People" ("The Little News Report - Celebrities"). Since 2007, he has also presented "Le Petit Journal Actu" ("The Little News Report - Current Events"). Today, he presents at Canal+ "Le Petit Journal" every evening at 8:10. These segments present daily news with a sarcastic and humorous twist, with anyone being a potential target of the news.
During the 2008 United States presidential campaign, Yann Barthès and his "Le Petit Journal" crew created a buzz on the Internet when they installed themselves, along with several joking banners, clearly visible in the background of a "very serious" American show filmed in New York City. On the night of the election, they joined New Yorkers in Times Square and hoisted aloft a banner bearing the word "Cassoulet", as well as another version with the words "Cassoulet Forever". Their exploits were shown live on ABC News. The banner created quite a stir throughout the United States; Time Magazine even reported on it in a following issue. On November 5, the day following the election, "Cassoulet" was the 62nd most researched word on Google worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20200170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200170" title="Mollalı, Jalilabad">
Mollalı, Jalilabad

Mollalı is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 261. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200177" title="Yusifli, Jalilabad">
Yusifli, Jalilabad

Yusifli is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 239. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200209" title="Vladimir Gorsky">
Vladimir Gorsky

Vladimir Gorsky (1953–2008) was a Russian-American painter.
Gorsky was born in Moscow and emigrated from Russia to Texas in 1987. His art is on the walls of heads of state, private collectors, and art galleries around the world. His portfolio ranges from a Russian fairy tale series to miniature gold leafed portraits on small wooden eggs. Special projects include "From the Depth of Ages" depicting historical artwork from stone tablets to the Mona Lisa. His painting "Tapestry of the Centuries" comprises 350 people and events that shaped the history of the world from the time of Christ up to the year 2000. The medium is mixed media on canvas. The canvas is 9' × 18' and took 3 years to paint. This painting has achieved international recognition. The "Tapestry" is currently on display at the Museum of Biblical Art in Dallas.
Another painting called "Miracle of the Desert", shows many historical images of Las Vegas. Vladimir's collection of pop art "Celebrity Portraits" of musicians, Hollywood idols, world famous icons and entertainers captures the essence of the 20th century in a bold style that is modern yet timeless.
According to Fine Art Magazine:

</doc>
<doc id="20200225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200225" title="Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986">
Yugoslavia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986

Yugoslavia was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, held in Bergen, Norway, after opting out of the previous year's contest in Gothenburg, Sweden.
National final.
The Yugoslavian national final to select their entry, "Jugovizija 1986", was held on 7 March at the Palace of Youth and Sports in Priština, and was hosted by Enver Petrovci, a renowned Kosovar theatre actor.
Sixteen songs made it to the national final, which was broadcast by JRT to all of the regions of Yugoslavia. The winner was decided by the votes of eight regional juries (Sarajevo, Zagreb, Skopje, Titograd, Belgrade, Ljubljana, Pristina and Novi Sad).
The winning entry was "Željo moja," performed by Croatian singer Doris Dragović and composed by Zrinko Tutić.
At Eurovision.
Dragović was the second performer on the night of the Contest, following Luxembourg and preceding France. At the close of the voting the song had received 49 points, placing 11th in a field of 20 competing countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20200229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200229" title="Reina Sudamericana 1997">
Reina Sudamericana 1997

Reina Sudamericana 1997 was the 7th Reina Sudamericana beauty pageant held in Santa Cruz, Bolivia on December 5, 1997. 10 contestants competed in the event. Patricia Fuenmayor, Miss Venezuela won the title.
Results.
Reina Sudamericana 1997: Patricia Fuenmayor (Venezuela)

</doc>
<doc id="20200231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200231" title="Çünəxanlı">
Çünəxanlı

Çünəxanlı is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 233. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200234" title="Qasımbəyli, Jalilabad">
Qasımbəyli, Jalilabad

Qasımbəyli is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 229. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200236" title="Fərəcullalı">
Fərəcullalı

Fərəcullalı is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 155. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200240" title="Al Tate">
Al Tate

Walter Alvin Tate (July 1, 1918 to May 8, 1993), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Pittsburgh Pirates. He batted and threw right-handed. Tate had a 0-1 record, with a 5.00 ERA, in two games, in his one year career. 
He was born in Coleman, Oklahoma and died in Bountiful, Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="20200242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200242" title="Garey Bies">
Garey Bies

Garey Bies (born 1946) is a Republican Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 1st Assembly District since 2000. He serves as a member of the committees on Natural Resources, Tourism, Recreation, and State Property; Transportation, Veterans and Military Affairs, and as the chair of the Committee on Corrections and Courts.
Bies was born in Manitowoc, graduated from Lincoln High School, and later earned an associates degree from Northeast Technical College. He served in the Navy for five years and worked in law enforcement for 30 years, retiring as chief deputy sheriff of Door County. He is seeking his 7th term in the Assembly and is running against Democrat Patrick Veeser.
Bies has deplored what he sees as the one-sided lack of civility exhibited by Democrats during the 2011-2012 Assembly sessions. He voted for tax cuts for businesses to attract new businesses to Wisconsin and to encourage the expansion of existing businesses. He believes that the purpose of government is to "lay the rules down to protect the people".

</doc>
<doc id="20200243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200243" title="Məşədivəlli">
Məşədivəlli

Məşədivəlli (also, Məşədvəlli) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 105. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200244" title="Yannick Sagbo">
Yannick Sagbo

Yannick Anister Sagbo-Latte (born on 12 April 1988), known as Yannick Sagbo, is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Hull City and the Ivory Coast national team.
Club career.
Early career.
Sagbo was born in Marseille, France and began his football career playing for his local side in SC Air Bel, in Marseille, before joining Monaco during the winter of 2004. He was a part of Monaco's 07–08 CFA squad that won the reserve's professional title (a championship that is reserve for the professional clubs reserves playing in the CFA) scoring 13 goals in 25 matches. Following the season on 13 May 2008, he signed his first professional contract, agreeing to a three-year deal keeping him at the club until 2011. 
He officially joined the first-team squad for pre-season in July 2008, where he was handed the number 9 kit. Sagbo made three appearances during the pre-season, starting them all including their opening friendly match against fellow Ligue 1 side Toulouse FC, Croatian side NK Zagreb, and Olympique Marseille. He proceeded to make his professional debut on 8 November 2008 in a 0–1 loss to Olympique Lyonnais, coming on as a substitute playing 17 minutes.
Hull City.
On 26 July 2013, just a few months after turning 25, Sagbo signed a two-year contract for an undisclosed fee with Hull City. He made his debut for Hull, on the first day of the 2013–14 season, playing the full 90 minutes in a 2–0 loss away at Chelsea. On 24 August 2013, against Norwich City at the KC Stadium, Norwich claims for a penalty following a corner were turned down, but led to a confrontation in which Sagbo was singled out as the guilty party and a straight red card was brandished in his direction, presumably for violent conduct. On 19 October 2013, away at Everton, Sagbo came on for the injured Danny Graham, who unfortunately had to be stretchered off due to a strong tackle from Gareth Barry, and scored his first goal for the club from a Sone Aluko cross in the 30th minute in a 2–1 defeat.
International career.
Sagbo was nominated for the Benin national football team on 30 May 2008 against Angola. On 10 August 2010, he made his debut for the Ivory Coast national football team against Italy in a friendly game at Upton Park. He came on after 61 minutes for Seydou Doumbia. Ivory Coast won the game 1–0.

</doc>
<doc id="20200255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200255" title="Andy Love (footballer)">
Andy Love (footballer)

Andrew "Andy" Love (born 28 March 1979) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a goalkeeper for Grimsby Town.
Career.
Grimsby Town.
Love was born in Grimsby, Lincolnshire, and began his football career as a trainee at hometown club Grimsby Town in 1995. Initially third-choice goalkeeper behind Paul Crichton and Jason Pearcey, he made his debut in Grimsby's 2–1 league defeat against Birmingham City on 1 March 1997. Crichton left Grimsby for West Bromwich Albion in 1997, but Love dropped down the pecking order again on the arrival of Aidan Davison. He joined Southern League club Ilkeston Town on loan during the 1998–99 season, and on his return had a brief run in Grimsby's first team. Finding himself again third choice, this time behind newcomer Danny Coyne and youngster Steve Croudson, he returned to Ilkeston on loan.
Ilkeston Town.
Having spent time on loan to Ilkeston Town, he was released in 2000 and signed for the Southern League club on a permanent deal. He left Ilkeston at the end of the 2001–02 season, returned the following season, but was released from his contract at his own request in October 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20200256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200256" title="Pakistani general election, 1997">
Pakistani general election, 1997

The Pakistan general election of 1997 was held in on 3 February 1997 to elect the National Assembly of Pakistan and the four provincial assemblies. The election featured a fierce contest between ruling Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) led by incumbent prime minister Benazir Bhutto and the PML(N) led by conservative leader Nawaz Sharif. Nawaz Sharif was highly benefited and aided by the controversial death of populist leader Murtaza Bhutto, the worsening economy at home and won the election in a landslide, receiving the highest number of votes ever won by a nonincumbent prime ministerial candidate. Sharif subsequently became the 12th prime minister of Pakistan.
The election took place after the previous Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) government of Benazir Bhutto was dismissed by President Farooq Leghari for concerning matters of national security. Benazir Bhutto's government suffered with financial mismanagement, corruption charges, racial tensions in her native province, issues with Supreme court, the serious violation of the constitution, and leaders in PPP, notably Murtaza Bhutto, who were determined to end Asif Ali Zardari's involvement in government affairs.
The Pakistan Muslim League-N (PML-N) of Nawaz Sharif won a landslide victory in the election, for the first time in the history of Pakistan. Sharif was sworn in as Prime Minister on 17 February. Voter turnout was 36.0%.
Background.
The PPP won the largest number of seats in the 1993 election and Benazir Bhutto became prime minister at the head of a coalition government. However on 5 November 1996, President Leghari, a former ally of Bhutto, dismissed the government 2 years early for alleged corruption and abuse of power. The allegations included financial mismanagement, failing to stop police killings, destroying judicial independence and violating the constitution. A number of PPP party members were detained including Bhutto's husband Asif Ali Zardari who was accused of taking commissions for arranging official deals.
A former speaker and member of the PPP Miraj Khalid was appointed interim prime minister. The National Assembly and provincial assemblies were dissolved and elections called for 3 February 1997. Bhutto denied all the charges against herself and petitioned the Supreme Court to reverse her dismissal. However, the court ruled in January that there was sufficient evidence for the dismissal to be justified legally.
Campaign.
Expectations in the lead up to the election were that up to 90 people, possibly including Bhutto and Sharif, might be prevented from standing in the election due to the caretaker governments campaign against corruption. However, by the end of December 1996 the government was forced to acknowledge that they were unable to find sufficient evidence to act against leading politicians. As a result the election once again became mainly a contest between the PPP and the PML-N.
Over 6,000 candidates stood in the election, with 1,758 standing for the National Assembly and 4,426 for the four provincial assemblies. Major campaign issues included corruption, the economy, ethnic and religious conflicts and growing terroism. However there was little enthusiasm for the fourth election in 8 years with polls showing only about 20% would vote. Predictions of a challenge by a new anti-corruption party, the Movement for Justice, founded by former cricketer Imran Khan, faded as Khan attempted to fend off personal attacks. Most forecasts expected Sharif's PML-N to win the election, with them drawing larger crowds than the PPP and appearing to be supported by the army. Opinion polls showed the PML-N leading the PPP by about 40% to 20%.
Results.
The results saw the PML-N win a landslide victory, winning by the largest margin since the 1977 election. The PPP came second with only 18 seats while Khan's Movement for Justice failed to win any seats. The turnout, at around 36%, was the lowest ever in the history of elections in Pakistan.
Aftermath.
Nawaz Sharif described the results as reflecting the country's desire for an end to chaos. Benazir Bhutto had threatened to not recognise the results if the PPP lost, but despite alleging that election officials had rigged the election by filling in extra ballots, she did not call for protests, saying that Pakistan needed political stability. International observers from the European Union and the Commonwealth of Nations said the election met basic conditions but would not describe it as 'free and fair'.
Nawaz Sharif was confirmed as prime minister by the National Assembly receiving 177 votes against 16 for the PPP candidate Aftab Shaban Mirani. He took office on the 18 February with a new cabinet named on 26 February.

</doc>
<doc id="20200264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200264" title="1980 France rugby union tour of South Africa">
1980 France rugby union tour of South Africa

The 1980 France rugby union tour of South Africa was a series of matches played by the France national rugby union team in South Africa in November 1980. France lost their only international match against the South Africa national rugby union team.

</doc>
<doc id="20200267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200267" title="Novoqolovka">
Novoqolovka

Novoqolovka is a village in the municipality of Uzuntəpə in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200290" title="Reina Sudamericana 1998">
Reina Sudamericana 1998

Reina Sudamericana 1998, The 8th Reina Sudamericana Beauty Pageant was held in Santa Cruz, Bolivia on November 6, 1998. 10 contestants was competed in the event. Susana Barrientos, Miss Bolivia won the title.
Results.
Reina Sudamericana 1998: Susana Barrientos (Bolivia)

</doc>
<doc id="20200318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200318" title="Kilshannig GAA">
Kilshannig GAA

Kilshannig is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in the parish of Glantane in County Cork, Ireland. The parish in North Cork is split into three villages, Glantane, Dromahane and Bweeng. The club was founded in the same year as GAA's founding, in 1884. Cill Seannaigh comes from St. Senach, who founded a church near the present site of the Church of Ireland at Newberry. The club fields Gaelic football and hurling teams in competitions organized by Cork county board, and by the Avondhu division.
History.
Early years.
The club goes as far back as 1921, when it played in the Duhallow division. The team in the parish was known as the Lombardstown team. They reached the county final that year, when they were beaten by Redmonds. In 1921, two men were chosen to play for the Cork Juniors against Kerry. They were Sonny Breen and William C. O'Connell. Hurling was very popular in the 1920s and 1930s. The team was known as "Brittas Rovers". In 1933, Brittas Rovers were beaten by Marshalstown in the North Cork Junior Hurling final.
1940s and 1950s.
In 1945, a meeting was held to form one team in the parish called Kilshannig United. In 1950, it was decided to drop "United" from the name. Things began to look up for the club in 1952, when the novice football team won their first trophies in the Castlemagner Club tournament. In 1953, the club won its first novice championship title, beating Functeon Vale in the final. In the same year, Pat O'Sullivan played with the Cork minor football team. In 1955, Kilshannig reached their first Junior Football Championship final. They were beaten by Mitchelstown. The minor footballers also reached their first North Cork final in the same year.
In 1959, Kilshannig won its first North Cork final, beating Castletownroche by two points. The team were beaten by Dromtariffe in the second round of the county. In the same year, Pat O'Sullivan played for the Cork Junior Footballers and the Cork Senior Hurlers.
1960s.
In 1960, the Junior 'B' hurlers defeated Kilworth in the Championship final. In 1962, Kilshannig won their first ever minor football Championship by defeating Glanworth in the final. Johnny O'Flynn captained the Cork Senior Football team to the Munster Senior Football Championship final against Kerry. Tim Breen and Dan O'Sullivan were also on that team. In 1964, Kilshannig won their first ever Under 21 Football Championship defeating Glanworth. In 1965, Kilshannig won their second North Cork Junior Football Championship, defeating Grange in a thrilling final. Kilshannig were defeated by Dohenys after a replay. In 1967, Kilshannig once again won the North Cork Junior Football Championship by upsetting all the odds, when they beat Glanworth in the final by eight points. That year, Jerry Horgan won an All-Ireland Minor Football Championship medal with Cork. They defeated by Midleton in the County first round. In 1968, Kilshannig repeated the success of the previous year and beat Glanworth again in the final. Unfortunately, Kilshannig were once again knocked out of the first round of the Cork Junior Football Championship, this time by Adrigole.
1970s.
In 1972, the Kilshannig Minor footballers kept the flag flying by winning the North Cork Championship. However, they were beaten by Macroom in the first round of the county.
1980s.
In 1985, Kilshannig were victorious in the North Cork Junior Football Championship. Their county championship campaign led to a nail-biting conclusion when they overcame Valley Rovers in the Cork Junior Football Championship final in Páirc Uí Chaoimh following a replay. Their success continued the following year under coach John O'Mahony. Their inaugural campaign in the Intermediate grade was a bittersweet one. A local derby versus near neighbours Mallow drew an enormous crowd to Buttevant. Kilshannig's resounding victory was not on the cards as Mallow had been much more impressive in the previous round, easily defeating Nemo Rangers. The county final was played in Macroom versus Castletownbere. While Kilshannig led for the majority of the game, a late goal snatched victory for the Beara men. After this painful defeat, 1987 proved to be a year for renewal and recharging and a first-round exit to Fermoy resulted. The following year, 1988 brought Kilshannig back to the Cork Intermediate Football Championship final versus Ballincollig on September 11. Following a thrilling game, a late goal sealed the County Championship for Kilshannig. William O'Riordan received the cup on the steps of Páirc Uí Chaoimh. After a victory in the North Cork Junior B Hurling Championship, the county campaign went well. Ultimately, Kilshannig completed a Cork Intermediate Football Championship and Cork Junior B Hurling Championship double with victory over Whitechurch in Grenagh. Pat Murphy captained the side. 1989 saw the club competing in the Senior grade of football.
1990s.
Following some near misses in the senior championship, it was decided that the club would re-grade to intermediate and then junior level, in the early years of the 1990s. In 1996, Cork Junior Football Championship honours were secured with a final victory over Youghal. The club continued at an intermediate grade of football for the remainder of the decade.

</doc>
<doc id="20200320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200320" title="Insect Song">
Insect Song

Insect Song is the second album by American melodic death metal band Beyond the Embrace.

</doc>
<doc id="20200321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200321" title="Reffye 75 mm cannon">
Reffye 75 mm cannon

The Reffye 75mm cannon (French: "Canon de campagne de 5 de Reffye modèle 1873") was a French artillery piece of the 19th century, developed by the French artillery General Jean-Baptiste Verchère de Reffye, superintendent of the works at Meudon. The weapon was adopted by the French Army from 1873. It was a 75 mm rifled breech-loading cannon, equipped with a breech screw, initially made of bronze.
The sliding breech block, and the interrupted screw used for sealing were advanced features, but the perfect sealing of the breech would only be achieved with the invention of the de Bange obturator. The cannon used shell cartridges for ammunition. It would be soon superseded by the Lahitolle 95mm cannon (1875) and especially the De Bange 90mm cannon (1877).
De Reffye also developed the Reffye 85 mm cannon in 1870.
De Reffye also developed in 1866 a mitrailleuse (named "Canon à balles"), one of the best early machine guns, which was used during the Franco-Prussian War of 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="20200323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200323" title="Vincenzo Tineo">
Vincenzo Tineo

Vincenzo Tineo (1791 – 1856) was an Italian Botanist. From 1814 to 1856 he was the director of the Palermo Botanical Garden. This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Tineo when citing a botanical name.

</doc>
<doc id="20200328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200328" title="President Elect (video game)">
President Elect (video game)

President Elect is a turn-based, political simulation game, first released by Strategic Simulations, Inc. in 1981. It would appear to be the first commercially published computer game of its political sub-genre.
Description.
"President Elect" gives the player the ability to play as various real historical, potential historical, or completely fictional Presidential candidates during the Presidential campaigns from 1960 to 1984 (most versions also included the 1988 campaign). Players were given the option of playing a "Historical" or "Ahistorical" scenario for each of the given years. Under the "Historical" option, the candidates, as well as economic and foreign policy conditions, and the status of the incumbent, were fixed. During an "Ahistorical" session, all those variables could be determined by the player (for example, the player could choose a 1980 race between an incumbent Republican President Ronald Reagan, versus a Democratic Senator Edward M. Kennedy, in the midst of an unpopular war and an economic boom). Alternatively, players could select the option of creating a fictional Presidential candidate, through the selection of various political, personal, and geographic attributes (somewhat in the manner of creating an RPG player character). In addition, there was the option of selecting an "Ahistorical" set of candidates within the otherwise "Historical" conditions of the selected year. The game came preset with not only all the major candidates of the elections covered by the span of the game, but also a number of hypothetical candidates from across the time frame, such as Jerry Brown, George Romney, Gary Hart, and Howard Baker.
The game could be played with either two or three candidates (for example, the "Historical" scenarios for 1968 and 1980 included third party candidates George C. Wallace and John Anderson, respectively, and "Ahistorical" scenarios for any year could include the addition of a third party candidate), and the computer could control any or all of the candidates (thus allowing for the possibility of a non-player, straight simulation of an electoral scenario), meaning the game could be played by one, two, or three players.
Gameplay centered on the activity of dispersing PAPs ("Political Action Points"), which were approximately equivalent to campaign funds, in terms of their relationship to real life Presidential campaigning, as well as scheduling personal, campaign visits to various states. Additionally, at the end of each of the nine, week-long, post-Labor Day game turns, there was a potential debate phase.
The role of the Vice-Presidential running mate was extremely limited, in that the running mate's identity was never given, but rather was simply represented by his or her being from a particular state, thus giving the ticket an electoral advantage in that particular state, and to a lesser extent in the other states within the region of the running mate's home state (for purposes of the game, the country was broken up into seven different regions, corresponding to: New England, the Mid-Atlantic, the South, the Industrial Midwest, the Great Plains, the Mountain States, and the Pacific Coastal States), although the Vice President's role in any state or region other than his own is nonexistent.
"President Elect" was first published for the Apple II in 1981, and was subsequently published for the Commodore 64 in 1984. A subsequent "1988 Edition" was released in 1987 for both those systems, as well as for the Atari ST and DOS computers. The 1988 Edition did not change gameplay at all, but simply added the historical Reagan vs. Mondale 1984 election, with a new 1988 scenario with no historical candidates. The game also added new playable candidates, such as Bill Clinton, Bruce Babbitt, Michael Dukakis, Richard Gephardt, Geraldine Ferraro, Jack Kemp, and Oliver North.
Reception.
"Computer Gaming World" found in 1981 that incumbency was the most important factor in winning elections in the original version of "President Elect". The review began with the results of a simulated election in which Ronald Reagan won reelection in 1984 with 525 electoral votes from 49 states and 55% of the popular vote, versus Walter Mondale's 13 electoral votes (from Washington DC and Minnesota) and 44%. The results of the real 1984 election were very similar, with the same candidates receiving the same electoral votes from the same states, and a 59%/41% popular vote. "President Elect" author Nelson Hernandez—calling himself "the best predictor of presidential elections in the country"—claimed that, with the 1988 edition of the game, in July 1988 he predicted the electoral and popular votes of the election that year within 1% each of the actual results.
Orson Scott Card favorably reviewed the 1988 edition of "President Elect" for "Compute!". While he criticized aspects of the game's design, he noted that the game accurately simulated how "the strongest forces", like the economy, "are completely out of the players' control ... that's the way it works in the real world".

</doc>
<doc id="20200351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200351" title="Glacier National Park Tourist Trails">
Glacier National Park Tourist Trails

The Glacier National Park Tourist Trails, including the Inside Trail, South Circle Trail and North Circle Trail, were established in Glacier National Park to connect a series of tourist camps and hotels established by the Great Northern Railway between 1910 and 1915. Prior to the construction of the Going-to-the-Sun Road, these trails were the primary form of circulation within the park. The trail system includes a number of bridges.
The three separate trail systems link Many Glacier, Two Medicine, Cut Bank, Saint Mary and Goathaunt ranger stations and visitor centers. Sites associated with the trail system include the Gunsight Pass Shelter, Packer's Roost, Pass Creek Snowshoe Cabin, Granite Park Chalet and the Ptarmigan Tunnel.
North Circle.
The North Circle Trail describes a loop: Many Glacier - Cosley Lake - Goathaunt - Fifty Mountain - Granite Park - Many Glacier. During the 1920s, tent camps were located at Cosley Lake, Goathaunt and Fifty Mountain, as well as at Red Eagle. The trail's summit follows the Ptarmigan Wall, and was cut and blasted from the cliffside, passing through the Ptarmigan Tunnel to avoid a lengthy detour around the arête. The Park Saddle Horse Company operated multi-day excursions along the trail from 1925, stopping in turn at each camp or chalet.
South Circle.
The South Circle Trail runs Lake McDonald Lodge - Sperry Chalet - Gunsight Pass - Sun Point - Piegan Pass - Many Glacier - Swiftcurrent Pass - Granite Park - Packer's Roost. A five day route was operated on the trail by the Park Saddle Horse Company.
Inside Trail.
The Inside Trail connects Two Medicine - Cut Bank - Red Eagle Lake - Saint Mary's Lake.The trail passes over Triple Divide Pass, where waters may drain to the Pacific, Atlantic or Arctic Oceans.
Structures.
Packer's Roost West is located at the junction of several trails near the Going-to-the-Sun Road. It serves as a base camp for pack operations over the trails and for service trips to Sperry Chalet and Granite Park Chalet. The Granite Park Trail Cabin is a log structure of standard design, similar to many such structures in the park.

</doc>
<doc id="20200380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200380" title="Sing Me Back Home">
Sing Me Back Home

Sing Me Back Home is an album by country singer Merle Haggard, released in 1968.
It has been reissued on CD by both Capitol and by Koch International.
The title track was covered by the Byrds on their 1968 tour with Gram Parsons and by the Grateful Dead in concert multiple times from 1971 through 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20200388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200388" title="Pætur Jákupsson">
Pætur Jákupsson

Pætur Jákupsson was, from 1588 to 1601, Prime Minister of the Faroe Islands.
Pætur came from Suðuroy, where he was leaseholder of the farm "Gjørðagarður" in Porkeri. He also had land in Froðba, but he was first and foremost a leaseholder, and kongsbonde of "Kirkjubøargarður" in Kirkjubøur.

</doc>
<doc id="20200390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200390" title="New Antalya Stadium">
New Antalya Stadium

New Antalya Stadium is a proposed multi-purpose stadium in Turkey. It is expected to be completed in 2014, and will be used mostly for football matches, hosting Antalyaspor Super League home games. It will have a capacity of nearly 41,703 (all seated) and will be totally covered.
It is part of the planned expansion of the city towards the northeast. Five minutes from Antalya International Airport by tram and above the city, it will be the centre and main attraction of the new area and its surroundings. It will be easily accessible from the city centre.
It is designed in a unique and iconic way, resembling a Mediterranean sea shell. It will be a landmark of the Riviera coastline.
A football park will be developed next to it, as an education centre, a football academy for the Turkish Football Federation, and a training ground for international and European football teams during seasonal breaks.

</doc>
<doc id="20200396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200396" title="Carl August Julius Milde">
Carl August Julius Milde

Carl August Julius Milde (2 November 1824 – 3 July 1871) was a German bryologist and pteridologist born in Breslau.
In 1850 he obtained his medical doctorate from the University of Breslau, where he was a student of Heinrich Göppert (1800-1884). From 1853, he was an "Oberlehrer" at a "Realschule" in Breslau.
Milde specialized in research of cryptogams, particularly mosses and ferns. The botanical genus "Mildella" from the family Pteridaceae was named in his honor by Vittore Benedetto Antonio Trevisan. In 1876, American botanical artist Charles Edward Faxon (1846-1918) published a translation of Milde's "Botrychiorum Monographia". Other written works of his include:
Milde suffered from respiratory ailments for most of his adult life, and died at the age of 46 in Meran, location of a popular spa that he sometimes visited for treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="20200414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200414" title="Hassan Diab">
Hassan Diab

Hassan Diab (in Arabic حسن دياب) (born November 20, 1953) is a former sociology lecturer at the University of Ottawa and Carleton University in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada who was arrested in 2008 for an alleged role in the 1980 Paris synagogue bombing. On June 6, 2011, a judge in Ottawa agreed to a French request to extradite Diab to France for trial, and several appeals followed. On April 4, 2012, Minister of Justice Rob Nicholson ordered Diab extradited to France to face terror bombing charges. Diab's lawyer is expected to appeal that decision.
Early life and education.
Diab was born in Lebanon, and studied sociology at the American University of Beirut. He received his PhD from Syracuse University in Syracuse, New York. He became a Canadian citizen in 1993, and moved to Ottawa, Ontario in 2006. He holds dual citizenship.
Charges.
Diab was arrested by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) on November 13, 2008, at the request of French authorities who want him extradited to stand trial for his alleged role in a 1980 bombing outside a synagogue on Rue Copernic in Paris. He faced charges of murder and attempted murder in connection with the bombing, in which four people were killed and dozens injured by the detonation of about of explosives hidden in the saddlebags of a parked motorcycle.
Diab denies all charges. His lawyer said the arrest was "a mistaken identification", and that Diab did not enter France in 1980. Friends, colleagues, and former professors of Diab expressed shock and bafflement at the news of his arrest. His thesis adviser, a noted Jewish scholar, said he never knew Diab to be in any way anti-Semitic, and called the news "not credible".
Termination of teaching contract.
In early July 2009, Diab was hired to teach a summer course in introductory sociology at Carleton University. On July 28, the day after a bail hearing disclosed his employment and subsequent teaching, B'nai Brith Canada released a statement condemning Carleton for employing a suspected terrorist. “We find it deplorable that university officials believe that there is nothing wrong with employing Diab. The safety and security of the community as a whole, and of the Carleton University campus in particular, are of great concern to us." B'nai Brith, the influential Jewish group, had harshly criticized the university for hiring Mr. Diab. The Toronto-based national office of B'nai Brith issued a statement condemning Carleton's actions, while an Ottawa-based member of the group telephoned the university directly to complain.
The university confirmed to the CBC that Diab was teaching the course. Later that day, university officials cancelled Diab's contract and named a replacement, stating that Diab had been replaced "in the interest of providing students with a stable, productive academic environment that is conducive to learning." "The university did the right thing," B'nai Brith's executive vice-president, Frank Dimant, said of Carleton's about-face in not allowing Diab to teach." 
Carleton University professors continue to support Diab stating that his termination violates the university's contract obligations. The Canadian Association of University Teachers (CAUT) issued a press release condemning the actions of Carleton's administration.
The case.
Based on information from intelligence agencies of Germany obtained from former members of the group, French authorities allege that Diab was a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, the group blamed for the bombing. Evidence unsealed as part of the extradition case, in April 2009, included two police sketches made sometime after the bombing. Samples of Diab's handwriting, while a student at Syracuse University years later, were subject to handwriting analysis. The sample of Diab's Syracuse handwriting was compared to the writing on a Paris hotel registration card filled out under the alias Alexandre Panadriyu. One French expert stated that the handwriting was definitely Diab's, though it appeared efforts had been made to change it. Another French expert said Diab could have written the registration card.
In October, 2009, Diab’s lawyer submitted to the Canadian court several reports produced by experts in Canada, the United States, France, and the United Kingdom. The lawyer informed the court that intelligence experts were prepared to explain the difference between evidence and intelligence and its “inherent secrecy and non-disclosure.” Moreover, handwriting experts, including a top British expert, characterized the evidence tendered by French authorities as “demonstrably false.” The Crown, on behalf of France, retracted the evidentiary nature of their original handwriting experts and asked the court for more time in order to get another opinion. 
The reports were the subject of an evidentiary hearing in December 2009. At the end of the hearing, the judge decided that the defence was permitted to file reports from all of their four handwriting experts, and could call any two of these experts to testify at the extradition hearing. The Crown would be allowed to cross-examine all four of the defence handwriting experts if he would so choose. The defence called University of Toronto law professor Kent Roach to testify as an expert on the issue of intelligence as evidence at the extradition hearing; he testified as to the unreliability of using intelligence as evidence on November 24 and 25, 2009 in Ottawa.
Extradition hearing.
An extradition hearing had, temporarily, been scheduled to begin in January 2010. However, on December 18, 2009, the Crown Attorney (representing The Attorney General of Canada) requested an adjournment of the hearing to review the defence evidence. The next possible date for the extradition hearing was to have been June 2010.
The judge hearing the case stated that he wanted to start the flow of evidence soon, and suggested that he was becoming weary of delays by the French government in presenting its case. The hearing was scheduled to begin on November 8, 2010.
On May 17, 2010, the hearing scheduled to begin June 14, 2010 was again delayed after France disavowed the evidence of two handwriting experts discredited by the defence. The Crown planned instead to introduce evidence from a third, new French handwriting expert, who found a "very strong presumption" that Diab was the author of the hotel registration card. Kent Roach, the expert defence witness, accused the French government of "dragging its feet," "cherry picking evidence" and "bootstrapping" by requesting a delay while justice officials in Paris gather more evidence. Defence council called the Crown's new plan "absolutely scandalous". He went on to say, "At the 11th hour and 59th minute they withdraw their entire handwriting case and substitute a new case." 
Diab's lawyer also accused French authorities of finding a new handwriting expert in an attempt to save their case after the two they originally used were discredited by four defence handwriting experts, including a former RCMP document examiner. On December 6, 2010, the presiding judge ruled to allow the testimony of three more defence handwriting experts, but said that he would not necessarily give it any weight in his final analysis. 
Former RCMP forensic document examiner, Brian Lindblom, was retained by the defence and testified on December 13, 2010 on the handwriting analysis submitted by France's new, and third examiner, Anne Bisotti. Stating that the new report submitted by the Crown was "often confusing and incomprehensible", Lindblom criticized the mandate given Bisotti, by Magistrate Marc Trévidic. Trévidic instructed that the analysis be done to "'determine if he (Diab) is certainly or may be the writer.' There appears to be no room for an objective consideration of the possibility that the author of the sample material may not be the writer; he is presumed to be the writer." "The mandate is designed not to seek objective evidence," Lindblom testified. Bisotti's handwriting analysis was the third sent to the court after France disavowed two previous analyses when the defence demonstrated their unreliability. 
Judicial decisions.
On June 6, 2011, Justice Robert Maranger committed Diab for extradition, and stated that "regrettably" he had no jurisdiction to grant bail. Diab was taken into custody, pending a bail hearing expected the following week. Because the case has raised so many challenges to Canadian extradition law, the decision could ultimately rest with the Supreme Court. Maranger said the evidence against Diab was "weak", but France had shown a "prima facie" case and that Canada must expect France to give Diab a fair trial. On April 4, 2012, Minister of Justice Rob Nicholson ordered Diab extradited to France to face terror bombing charges. Diab's lawyer was expected to appeal that decision.
Bail conditions.
While awaiting the outcome of the extradition hearing, Diab was required to abide by very strict bail conditions. He could only leave his home for work, legal or medical appointments, and only when accompanied by one of the five persons who posted his combined $250,000 in bail. He must observe a 9 p.m. to 7 a.m curfew and report to the RCMP once a week. He may not hold or apply for a passport, or own a cellphone. He must remain in the Ottawa-Gatineau region, but keep away from Ottawa and Gatineau airports.
Among the conditions of his bail, Diab is required to wear a GPS electronic ankle bracelet and pay the $2,500 monthly surveillance costs himself. In June 2010, Diab's lawyer asked Judge Maranger to allow removal of the ankle bracelet, which had cost $30,000 to date. The Crown opposed the request, saying that Diab remained a flight risk. The judge ruled that Diab must continue to wear the device, calling it the only effective guarantee that he will not flee to Lebanon or another country with no extradition treaty with France. He suggested that Diab, facing the possibility of life imprisonment in France if convicted, had every motivation to flee.

</doc>
<doc id="20200420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200420" title="Jay Wheals">
Jay Wheals

Jay Wheals (born 18 March 1978) is a British auto racing driver. His father, Jim was also a racing driver who drove in the British Touring Car Championship (BTCC).
Racing career.
He started racing in 1996, in the BRSCC Formula First Championship. After racing in the 1997 Formula Vauxhall Championship, he switched to GT racing in the Marcos Mantis Challenge in 1999. In 2001 he raced a Proton Coupe in the Super Coupe Cup. This was followed in 2002 and 2003 with a drive in the Radical Biduro Championship.
In 2003 he stepped up to the BTCC, driving a part season in the final year of the Production Class in a Peugeot 306, finishing ninth in class. In 2004 he drove in the BTCC again, taking over from Richard Marsh for the final three rounds at Donington Park in a Honda Civic Type R for Team Varta/Quest.
He went back to GT racing in 2005, in Britcar. he drove a Marcos LM600 for DJR Motorsport, and again in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20200424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200424" title="My Friends Told Me About You">
My Friends Told Me About You

My Friends Told Me About You is a short film written, produced, and scored by lead actor Carlos Dengler who is the former bassist of the band Interpol. It is co-written and directed by Daniel Ryan and co-produced by Todd Eckert of award-winning Joy Division biopic, Control. The cast also includes Risa Sarachan as Belle and Fredric Stone as Stanley. The film was shot on digital video tape in and around the Chicago area during 2007 and 2008. Its narrative employs non-linear, surrealistic techniques influenced by "Mulholland Drive", "Buffalo 66", and "The Limey". The film is included on the DVD magazine Wholphin No. 8.
Synopsis.
"My Friends Told Me About You" charts the journey of a man at the beginning of a downward spiral. Paranoia, confusion, and anger start to color all that he knows to be true and as reality blurs with his subconscious fears, an alternate world propelled by violence and mistrust begins to take over. As sonic as it is visual, Dengler also composed the original score for "My Friends Told Me About You" in collaboration with acclaimed English clarinetist Ian Mitchell.
Music.
Carlos Dengler composed the original score for the film which includes the contribution of English clarinetist Ian Mitchell.

</doc>
<doc id="20200426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200426" title="1984 France rugby union tour of New Zealand">
1984 France rugby union tour of New Zealand

The 1984 France rugby union tour of New Zealand was a series of eight matches played in June 1984 by the France national rugby union team in New Zealand. The team won all six of their matches against New Zealand provincial teams but lost both their internationals against the New Zealand All Blacks.
Test Matches.
First Test.
NEW ZEALAND: Allan Hewson, John Kirwan, Stephen Pokere, Bruce Smith, Warwick Taylor, Wayne Smith, Andy Donald, John Ashworth, Andy Dalton (c), Gary Knight, Gary Whetton, Andy Haden, Mark Shaw, Murray Mexted, Jock Hobbs
FRANCE: Serge Blanco, Patrice Lagisquet, Didier Codorniou, Philippe Sella, Patrick Esteve, Jean-Patrick Lescarboura, Pierre Berbizier, Pierre Dospital, Philippe Dintrans (c), Jean-Pierre Garuet, François Haget, Jean Condom, Laurent Rodriguez, Jean-Charles Orso, Jean-Luc Joinel.
Second Test.
NEW ZEALAND: Allan Hewson, John Kirwan, Stephen Pokere, Bruce Smith, Warwick Taylor, Wayne Smith, Andy Donald, John Ashworth, Andy Dalton (c), Gary Knight, Gary Whetton, Andy Haden, Mark Shaw, Murray Mexted, Jock Hobbs
FRANCE: Serge Blanco, Patrice Lagisquet, Didier Codorniou (rep Eric Bonneval), Philippe Sella, Patrick Esteve, Jean-Patrick Lescarboura, Pierre Berbizier, Pierre Dospital, Philippe Dintrans (c), Jean-Pierre Garuet, François Haget, Jean Condom, Laurent Rodriguez, Jacques Gratton, Jean-Luc Joinel.

</doc>
<doc id="20200433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200433" title="Mauritia arabica">
Mauritia arabica

Mauritia arabica, common name the Arabian cowry, is a species of cowry, a sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.
Subspecies.
The following subspecies are recognized:
Shell description.
The shell outline is oblong or nearly elliptical. The spire is barely distinguishable dorsally. As is the case in other Cypraeidae, the aperture of the shell is very narrow, and relatively long. Both the inner and outer lips are ornamented with arrays of small teeth. The dorsal side of the shell is convex or bent, and never depressed. The dorsal mantle groove (the line or area where the two mantle flaps meet when they are fully extended) is dissimilar to the shells general color pattern, and thus easily perceivable. The lateral margins are calloused, mainly towards both the posterior and anterior ends. The ventral side of the shell is typically flattened, and sometimes slightly concave.
As is also the case in the shell of most other Cypraeidae snails, the shell surface is notably effulgent (shiny), as if it had been deliberately polished. The color is generally cream to light fawn dorsally, with shades of brown. The ventral side of the shell is colored cream to grey. The labral teeth are reddish brown and white towards the columella. The common name arabian cowry is based on a dense and irregular pattern of thin longitudinal brown lines which are sometimes interrupted by empty spaces, giving an appearance that is considered to be similar to that of Arabic script.
Distribution.
"Mauritia arabica" is distributed widespread in the Indo-West Pacific, from East and South Africa (incluging Madagascar, but not the Red Sea nor the Persian Gulf), to the eastern Polynesia. It spreads north to Japan and south to New South Wales, Australia.
Ecology.
Habitat.
This sea snail dwells under boulder and stones, and also shelters in caverns of the outskirts of coral reefs. It lives in low intertidal zones to shallow sublittoral depths. "Mauritia arabica" is mainly active during the nocturnal period.
Human uses.
"Mauritia arabica" is collected for food by locals in many areas. The shell is commonly used in shellcraft.

</doc>
<doc id="20200435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200435" title="Tummas Símunarson">
Tummas Símunarson

Tummas Símunarson was the First Minister of the Faroe Islands from 1601 to 1608. He died in 1608.

</doc>
<doc id="20200436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200436" title="Woodstock 1994 (album)">
Woodstock 1994 (album)

Woodstock 1994 is a two-disc set documenting the Woodstock 1994 festival. It was released during November 1994, nearly three months after the event took place. The album was released on A&M Records.
The set features 27 performing artists, one song per artist. It also features the recording of both general stage announcements and some band introductions given at various points during the festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20200448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200448" title="Already Free">
Already Free

Already Free is the ninth studio album by The Derek Trucks Band. It was released in the US on January 13, 2009 by Legacy Recordings. A European release followed on February 20, 2009. The album has received very positive reviews, and debuted at #19 on the Billboard Top 200 reached #1 on the blues chart, #1 on the Internet chart, and #4 on the Rock chart. This marks the band's highest debut on the Billboard Top 200 chart to date. The album won the 2010 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Blues Album, marking the band's first Grammy award.
The first single, "Down in the Flood", was released on November 4, 2008. Guest musicians include Doyle Bramhall II, Oteil Burbridge, Susan Tedeschi, and Eric Krasno (of Soulive). The song "Back Where I Started" was co-written by Trucks with fellow Allman Brothers Band guitarist Warren Haynes.
Trucks' thoughts on the album.
Derek Trucks was interviewed by the "Washington Post" upon the release of "Already Free". The interviewer commented that in comparison to past albums by The Derek Trucks Band, this record reflects a more mature sound. Trucks himself responded by commenting that the album has a different feeling because in the past he always felt pressure to make a "guitar album". The difference, he maintains, is that the band has had more time to mature, and the album's sound is more balanced between the different contributions of its members, who developed its overall effect as they arranged the songs that were recorded for this album.
Bonus tracks.
Best Buy has an exclusive edition with three bonus tracks:
iTunes includes a bonus track with the purchase of the album:

</doc>
<doc id="20200452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200452" title="The Last Wave (album)">
The Last Wave (album)

The Last Wave is the debut album by American jazz fusion band Arcana, released on July 23, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20200492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200492" title="Zakarias Tormóðsson">
Zakarias Tormóðsson

Zakarias Tormóðsson, died 1628.
Part of the Faroese Lagting, and later Prime Minister of the Faroe Islands from 1608 to 1628.
Zakarias Tormóðsson came from Eiði in the Faroe Islands, where he was a leaseholder on a piece of church land. 
Little else is known about Tormóðsson from history. 

</doc>
<doc id="20200498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200498" title="Rafael Carioca">
Rafael Carioca

Rafael de Souza Pereira (born January 16, 1989 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil), most commonly known as Rafael Carioca, is a Brazilian defensive midfielder who currently plays for Spartak Moscow.
Early career.
Grêmio.
Rafael came to Grêmio in 2006, as an amateur player. In 2007, he captained the Under-20 side and featured in the Sendai Cup for the Brazil Under-18 national team in the same year but was an unused substitute in the tournament.
He was promoted to the first team after captaining the youth side in the Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior by the coach Vágner Mancini, but soon was relegated to the youth squad because of his lack of commitment in pre-season training. Before the beginning of the 2008 Brazilian Serie A, Mancini was fired and Rafael earned a new chance from the coach Celso Roth, the same coach who promoted Ronaldinho to the first team in 1998. He became the team's first-choice in the central midfield and created a strong partnership with William Magrão. Appearing as a defensive midfielder, Rafael missed just one league match and received just five yellow cards during the season.
Spartak.
On November 29, it was reported that the midfielder was very close to joining Russian club Spartak Moscow. The deal is set to be around of € 4 million and must be confirmed after the season's end.
Vasco.
For the season of 2010, Vasco da Gama have loaned the Brazilian midfielder from Spartak Moscow for one year. He remains under contract with the Russian club until 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20200527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200527" title="British Isles Traveller Support">
British Isles Traveller Support

Overview.
Known in the gaming industry by their acronymic trademark "BITS UK", this fan-owned game design company provided and continues to provide licensed product for the Traveller Role Playing Game.
They are licensed by Marc W. Miller to use the Traveller setting and trademarks. They are also licensed by Jon Tuffley to use and adapt his Full Thrust game engine.
They are also noted for their activities in support of all editions of the Traveller RPG in British and European gaming conventions. They are the organizers of the TravCon Traveller gaming convention.
Product Lines.
BITS has several product lines:
Ref:

</doc>
<doc id="20200528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200528" title="Jógvan Justinusson">
Jógvan Justinusson

Jógvan Justinusson was, from 1629 to 1654, Prime Minister of the Faroe Islands.
Justinusson came from Hattarvík in the Faroe Islands. Before he became Prime Minister, he also spent time sitting as part of the Faroese Løgting.

</doc>
<doc id="20200531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200531" title="Swinging Doors">
Swinging Doors

Swinging Doors is an album by country singer Merle Haggard, released in 1966. The album is sometimes called Swinging Doors and The Bottle Let Me Down, although the second half of this title is actually an advertisement for the other big single on the album ("The Bottle Let Me Down") besides the title track. The real title is highlighted in blue, corresponding with Merle's name.
Track listing.
All songs by Merle Haggard unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20200535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200535" title="Swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Women's 400 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Women's 400 metre freestyle

The women's 400 metre freestyle was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fourth appearance of the event, which was established in 1924 after 1920 a 300 metre event was held. The competition was held from Thursday August 13, 1936 to Saturday August 15, 1936.
Twenty swimmers from ten nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Ragnhild Hveger set a new Olympic record in the first heat with 5:28.0 minutes. In the final Rie Mastenbroek bettered the Olympic record with 5:26.4 minutes.
Results.
Heats.
Thursday August 13, 1936: The fastest three in each heat and the fastest fourth-placed from across the heats advanced to the semi-finals. Only two swimmers competed in heat two therefore only 15 swimmers advanced to the semi-finals.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Semifinals.
Friday August 14, 1936: The fastest three in each semi-final and the fastest fourth-placed from across the heats advanced to the final. As both fourth placed swimmers set the same time both advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Saturday August 15, 1936:

</doc>
<doc id="20200540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200540" title="Pinto, Chile">
Pinto, Chile

Pinto is a Chilean town and commune in Ñuble Province, Biobío Region. It is bordered by the commune of Coihueco to the north, Chillán and San Ignacio to the west, and El Carmen and Antuco to the south. The commune shares its eastern border with the Argentine province of Neuquén.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Pinto spans an area of and has 9,875 inhabitants (5,035 men and 4,840 women). Of these, 4,278 (43.3%) lived in urban areas and 5,597 (56.7%) in rural areas. The population grew by 10.6% (943 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Pinto is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Fernando Chavez Guiñez (UDI).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Pinto is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Carlos Abel Jarpa (PRSD) and Rosauro Martínez (RN) as part of the 41st electoral district, (together with Chillán, Coihueco, San Ignacio, El Carmen, Pemuco, Yungay and Chillán Viejo). The commune is represented in the Senate by Victor Pérez Varela (UDI) and Mariano Ruiz -Esquide Jara (PDC) as part of the 13th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Coast).

</doc>
<doc id="20200595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200595" title="Cypraea tigris">
Cypraea tigris

Cypraea tigris, commonly known as the tiger cowrie, is a species of cowry, a large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.
Taxonomy.
The tiger cowry was one of the many species originally described by Linnaeus in his 18th century work, "Systema Naturae", and the species still bears its original name of "Cypraea tigris". Its specific epithet "tigris" relates to its common name "tiger" (the shell however is spotted, not striped). This species is the type species of the genus "Cypraea".
Description.
Roughly egg-shaped and dextral, the glossy shell is large and heavy for a cowry. It measures up to 15 cm (6 in) in length, and the upper or dorsal side is white, pale bluish-white, or buff, densely covered with dark brown or blackish barely circular spots. Akin to many other "Cypraea" snails, the shells surface is notably effulgent, as if it were deliberately polished. There is sometimes a blurred red line along the length of the shell at the midline on the dorsal surface. The lower margins are rounded (that is, there is no sharp margin between the upper and lower surfaces of the shell as is found in some other cowries). The ventral side is white or whitish, and the shell opening is lined with tooth-like serrations. 
As is the case in almost all cypraeids, two lateral extensions of the mantle are able to extend so as to cover the shell completely, meeting at the midline of the dorsal surface. The mantle can also withdraw into the shell opening when threatened. In this species, the exterior surface of the mantle has numerous pin-like projections that are white-tipped.
Distribution and habitat.
The tiger cowrie is found on the ocean floor in the Indo-Pacific region, from the eastern coast of Africa to the waters of Micronesia and Polynesia, the Coral Sea and around the Philippines. Along the Australian Coast it is found from Northern New South Wales to northern Western Australia, as well as Lord Howe Island, and along the east coast of Africa including Madagascar. Found between depths of 10 and 40 metres (35–130 ft), it is often associated with live coral colonies, such as the table-forming "Acropora", either found on the reefs themselves or the sandy sea bottom nearby. Once common, it is now much less abundant due to shell collecting and the destruction of its habitat by such processes as dynamite fishing, especially in shallower areas. Carnivorous, the adult tiger cowrie eats coral and various invertebrates, while juveniles eat algae.
This species is endangered in Singapore.
Human use.
Despite the fact that this species does not occur in the Mediterranean Sea, shells of the tiger cowrie and the related panther cowrie, "Cypraea pantherina", have been unearthed at Pompeii, the ancient Roman city near Naples, Italy, where these shells may have been used as some form of ornament. It is also conceivable that the shells were part of a natural history collection. There was an interest in natural history at the time, as exemplified by Pliny the Elder who wrote extensively about seashells in his book Natural History and who died investigating the eruption of Vesuvius.
The shells of this species of cowry are still popular among shell collectors, and are also used as a decorative object, even in modern times.
The shell of "Cypraea tigris" is believed to help to facilitate childbirth: some women in Japan hold a shell of this species during childbirth.
Large cowry shells such as that of this species were used in Europe in the recent past as a frame over which sock heels were stretched for darning, i.e. instead of using a darning egg. The cowry's smooth surface allows the darning needle to be positioned under the cloth more easily than when using a darning mushroom made of wood.

</doc>
<doc id="20200603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200603" title="Shiba Inu Puppy Cam">
Shiba Inu Puppy Cam

The Shiba Inu Puppy Cam (also known as Puppy Cam or variations) is a website that featured a live-streamed webcam trained on the puppy-pen for six newborn Shiba Inu dogs born on October 7, 2008. It became an Internet phenomenon. There have been four further litters.
Background.
The live webcam was set up on Ustream in October 2008 by a San Francisco, California, couple to monitor their Shiba Inu puppies while they were at work. The live streaming website showed the puppies interacting with each other in a variety of ways: sleeping, playing with toys, tearing up wee pads, and snuggling with their mother, Kika. Links to the site spread virally. By October 13, 2008, three million viewers had spent 1.2 million hours watching the puppies via the Internet. the Shiba Inu Puppy Cam streaming page on Ustream has received over 60 million views. 
The six puppies (three females: Autumn, Ayumi, and Amaya and three males: Aki, Akoni, and Ando) were identified mainly by their different-colored collars. This litter became known as "The Shiba Six" as well as "The A-Team", referring to the fact that they were Kika's first litter. The list of countries from which people watched the live webcast of the puppy cam from all around the globe grew to 74 countries in total with this first litter.
By December 7, 2008, Autumn, Akoni, and Ando had been adopted by new owners. Two other pups, Aki and Amaya, went to their new homes later that month around Christmas time. The couple kept one pup from this litter, Ayumi, and the camera continued functioning so that viewers were able to watch her interact with the other three adult Shibas in the house. The dogs' owners remain anonymous.
Second litter.
Kika's second litter of puppies were born on January 16, 2010. They are referred to as the "B-team" of puppies to mark the 2nd litter. There were a total of two female and three male Shibas. Two of the three males are cream-colored, the rest of the pups red. The puppies in birth order are the girls: Bella and Beni-Bara, and the boys: Bonsai, Bento (cream), and Byakko (cream).
By March 21, 2010, all five puppies of the second litter went to their forever homes.
Third litter.
On April 14, 2011, over fifteen hundred viewers tuned in to see Kika's third and final litter. As in the original litter there are six puppies, three of each sex. Unlike the previous two litters, the "C Team" sire was a black-and-tan Shiba; however, despite the sire's color, all the puppies are red.
The C Team puppies are, in order of birth: Chozen, aka "Zen" (boy); Chame (boy); Chisaki, aka "Saki" (girl); Charlotte (girl); Chiyoko, aka "Yo-Yo" (girl); and Chikara (boy). The last boy pup, Chikara, has the highest birth weight of any of the pups at 11 ounces.
Fourth litter.
The fourth litter of puppies was born on May 21, 2012, to Ayumi (who was retained from the "A-Team" litter). They were sired by a red Shiba named GCH CH Kobushi Justa Draco Rosso AOM. They are referred to as the "D-team" of puppies to mark the 4th litter. There were a total of three female and two male Shiba puppies. One of the three females is cream-colored; the rest are red.
The names of the D Team are as follows: Daiichi (boy, blue collar); Dango (boy, green collar); Dosha (girl, pink collar); Daisuki (girl, purple collar); and Dakota (girl, no collar, cream).
Fifth litter.
The fifth litter of puppies was born on August 21, 2013 (the second litter born to Ayumi from the "A-Team" litter). They are referred to as the "E-team" of puppies to mark the 5th litter. There were a total of three red female puppies (Eiko, pink collar; Eisha, purple collar; and Ember, red collar) and two cream-colored males (Enoki, green collar; and Edo, blue collar).
Fundraising efforts.
The owners created a calendar in 2009 showing the various pups from the first litter on each month. Shortly afterward they created a mousepad and a number of greeting cards, which also featured images of the pups. Donations from the calendar are being sent to various Shiba Inu Rescue organizations around the United States, and that year the amount totaled over $6,000. In their 2010 calendar, the couple included their other Shibas, Yuuki (the eldest, a red female) and Haru (black and tan male) as well as pictures of the now adult Shiba Six, courtesy of their owners. As with the previous year's calendar, proceeds from the sale were donated to Shiba Inu rescue organizations around the US.
From April to November 2009, regular viewers of the Puppy Cam (who call themselves Shibaholics) collectively donated $11,172 to Shiba Inu Rescue Resources of America in honor of the SFShiba family.
The Summer 2009 issue of the "Shiba E-News" had an article on the Puppy Cam and the fundraising efforts of its followers on behalf of the Shiba rescue organizations supported by SIRRA. 
In November 2009, the "American Kennel Club Gazette" featured an article on the continued efforts of the puppy cam fans as significant contributors to SIRRA. 
Shortly afterward, the Winter 2009 edition of "Shiba World" magazine featured an article on the Shibaholics, their donations to Shiba Rescue and their being ringside at the 2009 Nationals dog show in Clemmons, North Carolina.
, an estimated total of almost $30,000 had been raised for Shiba rescue organizations in connection with the Shiba Inu Puppy Cam.
Media attention.
Not two days after the pups were born, the first news articles about the "B" team started appearing. One of the first was on a Los Angeles NBC affiliate's website. Cute Overload, where many people first learned of the original pups in October 2008, again featured the pups on their website. The sites Gawker.com and Mashable.com also featured the pups. Before their one-week birthday, national attention to the puppies grew as they appeared on PeoplePets.com as well as the Bay Area Blog of "The New York Times". A few days later the puppies were in the national spotlight again in the L.A. Unleashed section of the "Los Angeles Times".
On November 14, 2008, "NBC Nightly News" broadcast a live feed of the camera to its national TV audience. On November 15, 2008, "The Today Show" interviewed the founders of Ustream about the puppies. On November 18, 2008, CNN coverage played several clips from the feed. Bill O'Reilly used footage from the camera as representative of the overall trend of popular animal videos on the Internet. On December 11, 2008, Jeff Horwich of Minnesota Public Radio posted a song written about the puppy cam. Other major broadcast networks, including MSNBC and ABC, have also broadcast the feed. The puppies have been featured in magazines including "Time", "People", "Entertainment Weekly", "TV Guide", and online sites like boingboing, dlisted and Gawker.
In April 2009, the Shiba Inu Puppy Cam was nominated for a Webby Award in the Viral category, and won the People’s Voice Award. According to UStream, the Puppy Cam triumphed over nearly 10,000 entries from more than 60 countries. 
In December 2010, Kika and her litter were featured on Animal Planet's "Dogs 101" Shiba Inu segment, where the phenomenon of the puppy cam was noted.
In the animated cartoon "The Mighty B!" episode "Awww-esome!", the puppy cam's webcast was parodied as a "Puppy Net", and all the show's characters were hooked on watching it.
The Shiba Inu Puppy Cam was cited in the introduction of Cesar Millan's 2009 book, "How to Raise the Perfect Dog: Through Puppyhood and Beyond", in which Cesar notes that he was "impressed".
In 2012 the couple turned down offers from Ricky Lake and Anderson Cooper to appear on their TV shows.

</doc>
<doc id="20200609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200609" title="Jógvan Poulsen">
Jógvan Poulsen

Jógvan Poulsen was the 
Prime Minister of the Faroe Islands twice, from 1654 to 1655, and from 1662 to 1677.
Jógvan Poulsen was Faroese, and married the daughter of former Prime Minister Jógvan Justinusson. Poulsen was raised on a farm in Oyri, before he became elected leader of the Lagting. King Frederik III did not like Poulsen as Prime Minister, and replaced him with the Dane Balzer Jacobsen, one of Christoffer Gabel's supporters. Gabel at this time had a monopoly on trade to and from the Faroe Islands, so this was much better for him. Jacobsen was Prime Minister until 1661, when Jógvan Poulsen again took over. 
His son, Jákup Jógvansson, later also became Prime Minister of the Faroe Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20200624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200624" title="Tsepelovo">
Tsepelovo

Tsepelovo () is a village in the Zagori region (Epirus region). It stands at a height of 1,200 meters in a panoramic location on the mountain range of Tymfi. It is the biggest of the 45 villages of Zagori and it was the seat of Tymfi municipality. Its name is of Slavic origin. It lies in the middle of the Vikos–Aoös National Park, 48 km from Ioannina.
History.
Founded in the 16th century, Tsepelovo became from the 18th century onwards the administrative center of Zagori. It remained relatively prosperous until the end of the Ottoman occupation (1912). The village was a local trade center, and remains so especially because of the trade of timber. In 1820, before the outbreak of the Greek Revolution and the defeat of Ali Pasha, the poet Ioannis Vilaras and the famous Epirote scholar Athanasios Psalidas came from Ioannina to prepare the people for the great national revolt. Psalidas also taught for 2 years at the local school.
The traditional stone architecture is visible in every building, in the village paths, dwellings and churches. The historical church of Agios Nikolaos was renovated at 1753 and decorated with unique wall paintings by exceptional painters of nearby Kapesovo.
Two kilometers out of the village, in the Vikaki (Greek: small Vikos) canyon lies the monastery of St John Rogovou. It was founded at 1028 by the sister of Emperor Romanos III Argyros of Byzantium. It was rebuilt in 1749, possibly after it was damaged by fire, and the frescoes were painted by iconographers from Kapesovo. Neofytos Doukas wanted to establish there the Higher School of Epirus (), a high level educational institution. Because of the outbreak of the Greek War of Independence and the military conflicts the idea could not become reality.
The people of Tsepelovo used to emigrate within Greece to Macedonia, Thrace and to areas of southern Greece. Outside Greece, they mainly migrated to Asia Minor and the U.S.A. 
Today, the village is a popular destination for tourists during the winter season.

</doc>
<doc id="20200632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200632" title="World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights">
World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights

The World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights is a declaration of rights adopted in 1985 to protect the rights of prostitutes worldwide. It was adopted by the International Committee for Prostitutes’ Rights (ICPR).
The charter.
The distinction between voluntary and forced prostitution was developed by the prostitutes' rights movement in response to feminists and others who saw all prostitution as abusive. The World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights calls for the decriminalisation of "all aspects of adult prostitution resulting from individual decisions." The World Charter also states that prostitutes should be guaranteed "all human rights and civil liberties," including the freedom of speech, travel, immigration, work, marriage, and motherhood, and the right to unemployment insurance, health insurance and housing. Furthermore the World Charter calls for protection of "work standards," including the abolition of laws which impose any systematic zoning of prostitution, and calls for prostitutes having the freedom to choose their place of work and residence, and to "provide their services under the conditions that are absolutely determined by themselves and no one else." The World Charter also calls for prostitutes to pay regular taxes "on the same basis as other independent contractors and employees," and to receive the same benefits for their taxes.
In an article announcing the adoption of the World Charter, the United Press International reported: "Women from the world's oldest profession, some wearing exotic masks to protect their identity, appealed Friday at the world's first international prostitutes' convention for society to stop treating them like criminals."
Development of a human rights approach.
The World Charter emerged from the prostitutes' rights movement starting in the mid-1970s. It was established through the two World Whores Congresses held in Amsterdam (1985) and Brussels (1986) which epitomised a worldwide prostitutes' rights movement and politics. The Charter established a human rights based approach which has subsequently been further elaborated by the prostitutes' rights movement.
In 1999, the "Santa Monica Mirror" commented on the popularization of the term "sex worker" as an alternative to "whore" or "prostitute" and credited the World Charter, among others, for having "articulated a global political movement seeking recognition and social change."
In 2000, the Carnegie Council published a report commenting on the results of the World Charter, fifteen years after its adoption. The report concluded that the human rights approach embodied in the World Charter had proved "extremely useful for advocates seeking to reduce discrimination against sex workers." For example, human rights advocates in Australia utilized the language of human rights to resist “mandatory health tests” for sex workers and to require that information regarding health be kept confidential. However, the report also found that efforts to define prostitution as a human rights abuse had led some governments to take action to abolish the sex industry.
And in 2003, a writer in the journal "Humanist" noted that the World Charter had become "a template used by human rights groups all over the world."
Reaction.
The World Charter was initially met with scepticism and ridicule. "Time" reported: "Just what were all those hookers doing in the hallowed halls of the European Parliament in Brussels last week? The moral outrage echoing in the corridors may have suggested that a re-creation of Sodom and Gomorrah was being staged. Reason: about 125 prostitutes, including three men, were attending the Second World Whores Congress." The "Philadelphia Daily News" asked, "Does it contain a layoff clause?" Another writer referred to it derisively as "a Magna Carta for whores".
The Charter remains controversial, as many feminists consider prostitution to be one of the most serious problems facing women, particularly in developing countries. In Jessica Spector's 2006 book "Prostitution and Pornography", Vednita Carter and Evelina Giobbe offer the following critique of the Charter:"Pretending prostitution is a job like any other job would be laughable if it weren't so serious. Leading marginalized prostituted women to believe that decriminalization would materially change anything substantive in their lives as prostitutes is dangerous and irresponsible. There are no liberating clauses in the World Charter. Pimps are not 'third party managers.'"

</doc>
<doc id="20200644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200644" title="William Grant (footballer)">
William Grant (footballer)

William Middleton Grant (born 1905, date of death unknown) was a Scottish professional footballer. He spent eight years at Blackpool in the early 1900s, making over 200 Football League appearances for the club. He played as a defender.
Blackpool.
Grant, who had been signed from Scottish club East Stirlingshire, made his debut for Blackpool eighteen games into their 1927–28 league season, a 2–2 draw at South Shields on 10 December 1927. He went on to make seventeen further league appearances that campaign, and one in the FA Cup.
The following season, 1928–29, Grant made 27 league appearances. This was under a new manager, Harry Evans, who succeeded Sydney Beaumont.
Grant appeared in all but two of Blackpool's league games in 1929–30 as the club won the Division Two championship. Only Jimmy Hampson appeared in more games than he did.
In 1930–31, Blackpool's first season in English football's top flight, Grant was ever-present in the club's 42 league games — the only player at the club to claim such an achievement that particular season. He achieved the same feat the following season, 1931–32, sharing the honour with Hampson.
1932–33 saw Grant's appearances limited, with only eighteen in the league to his name, as Blackpool returned to Division Two. He did, however, appear in the club's FA Cup fifth-round defeat at Sunderland in February 1933.
Sandy MacFarlane was appointed as Blackpool manager for the 1933–34 term, and Grant found himself surplus to requirements, making just five league starts.
He was given more chances in 1934–35 (28 appearances), but this proved to be his (and MacFarlane's) last season with the club. His 220th and final league appearance for Blackpool occurred on 4 May 1935, in a final-day 1–1 draw with Bolton Wanderers at Bloomfield Road.
He finished his career back in his native land with Motherwell, where he continued to play until he retired.

</doc>
<doc id="20200650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20200650" title="Víctor Turcios">
Víctor Turcios

Víctor Samuel Turcios Pacheco (born April 13, 1988 in La Unión) is a Salvadoran footballer currently playing for Alianza F.C..
Club career.
Nicknamed "El Tiburón" (the Shark), Turcios started his career at Atlético Balboa in 2005 and moved to Luís Ángel Firpo before the 2009 Clausura. In December, 2011 Turcios signed a two-year contract with Águila.
Finland.
On February 16, 2012, it was confirmed Turcios would sign with Ykkönen side RoPS from Finland. He made his league debut in a 2-0 victory over Viikingit.On August 25, he suffered a strained ligament in his right knee that would keep him out for approximately 6 months. He was a key member in helping his team gain promotion to the Veikkausliiga to play in the 2013 season. He and the club mutually terminated his contract in January of 2014.
Match-fixing ban.
On September 20, 2013, Turcios was banned for 6 months due to his involvement with match fixing.
International career.
Turcios made his debut for El Salvador in an October 2007 friendly match against Costa Rica and has, as of February 2012, earned a total of 29 caps, scoring 1 goal. He has represented his country in 6 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup, as well as at the 2009 and 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cups.

</doc>
