<doc id="20438437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438437" title="Bernard Carayon">
Bernard Carayon

Bernard Carayon (born October 1, 1957) was a member of the French parliament. First elected in Tarn in 1993; he has been then reelected in 2002 and 2007. He is also mayor of Lavaur, a historic city near Toulouse, since 1995.
He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. Since 2009, he has been a lecturer at SciencesPo Paris in the department of public affairs.
With a focus on the questions of globalization, he has written two books entitled "Patriotisme économique" and "Changeons le monde" (""Let's change the world""). 
Together with a socialist MP he started a foundation called "Prometheus". Supported by a dozen prominent French companies, Prometheus tries to bridge the gap between the private and the public reflexions about globalization in order to build a genuine economic strategy for France and Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20438445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438445" title="Bernard Cazeneuve">
Bernard Cazeneuve

Bernard Cazeneuve (born in Senlis on 2 June 1963) is a French politician and Minister for the Budget. He was Junior Minister for European Affairs at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and a member of the National Assembly of France where he represented the 5th constituency of Manche on behalf of the Socialist Party.
He has been the mayor of Cherbourg-Octeville since 2001.
References.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20438455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438455" title="Bernard Debré">
Bernard Debré

Bernard Debré (born 30 September 1944 in Toulouse) is French urologist at Hôpital Cochin in Paris and a member ("député") of the National Assembly of France. He's one of the representants of the city of Paris, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. He is a son of Michel Debré and twin-brother of Jean-Louis Debré.

</doc>
<doc id="20438466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438466" title="Bernard Deflesselles">
Bernard Deflesselles

Bernard Deflesselles (born October 16, 1953) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Bouches-du-Rhône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20438472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438472" title="Bernard Depierre">
Bernard Depierre

Bernard Depierre (born June 6, 1945 in Bourbon-Lancy) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Côte-d'Or department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20438480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438480" title="Bernard Derosier">
Bernard Derosier

Bernard Derosier (born Chevilly, Loiret, November 10, 1939) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20438493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438493" title="Bernard Gérard (politician)">
Bernard Gérard (politician)

Bernard Gérard (born August 29, 1953) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20438537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438537" title="Baptist Convention of Angola">
Baptist Convention of Angola

The Baptist Convention of Angola is an organization made up of many Baptist Churches in Angola and has its headquarters in Luanda. It is smaller than the other group of Baptist congregations in the country, the Evangelical Baptist Church of Angola.
History.
Founded in 1942 through the work of Portuguese missionaries, the Baptist denomination spread rapidly throughout the country with the support of Angolan evangelists and encouragement from North American missionaries who arrived in the central region of Angola during the same decade. Separate from the Evangelical Baptist Church in Angola, whose association is historically identified with the northern provinces of Angola (particularly the province of Zaire), the Baptist Convention of Angola has maintained a distinctive multi-ethnic character with an active ministry functioning in ten of the eighteen Angolan provinces since the time of Portuguese colonization.
After the war for independence ended in 1975, the Convention had a period of natural stagnation owing to the civil war that dominated the next three decades. In part this stagnation was due to the forced abandonment of the country by the missionary forces from America, Portugal, Denmark and Brazil who, up to that point had led the evangelistic spread of Christianity among the Baptist churches. As a result of the lack of trained nationals (no Angolan Baptist pastor had formal training in theology or as pastors) for the conduct of evangelism, the denomination did not exceed 27 churches between 1970 and the end of 1980. This situation began to change in the mid-1980s with the return to Angola of American and Brazilian missionaries and with the consequent initiation of a Mobile Bible Institute (directed by missionary pastor Curtis Dixon). This Mobile Bible Institute played an important part in the awakening of vocational service among Angolans and the training of leaders that became evangelists and pastors in the years after 1990.
Current situation.
The first three Angolan pastors completing Bachelor’s degrees in Theology (Pastor Mário Vontade, Pastor João César and Pastor David Nkosi) returned to the Baptist Convention in 1988 after four years of study at the Baptist Seminary of Zimbabwe. After this, other pastors received Bachelors and Masters in Theology in Brazil and Portugal helping to minimize the shortage of leaders as they returned to Angola.
The Baptist Convention of Angola today has 315 congregations and about 40,000 members spread throughout the country. It maintains two theological seminaries in the provinces of Luanda and Huambo. With the opening of the country, following the peace in 2002, the Baptist Convention of Angola has worked to build its presence in Angola and to stimulate its evangelical impact. Toward this end the Convention launched a project in 2005 called “Movement for the Planting of churches”. This project intends the planting of 1340 new churches before 2017 – an ambitious project whose realization depends on the commitment of the current leadership, on the strengthening of Baptist national identity, and on the development of new leaders which would include the necessary success in terms of theological and pastoral training.
Infrastructure.
One of the major deficiencies of the churches associated with the Baptist Convention is the lack of infrastructure. Contrary to what happened in other parts of the third world, where American and English missionaries built and left behind church buildings, schools, hospitals and orphanages only the First Baptist Church of Luanda possesses a building of historic architectural value. Other important churches, pastored by historic leaders, function in small buildings without space to expand. This problem is even worse in villages and smaller towns where the members are forced to meet under the shade of trees or grass roofs. Land for the construction of churches is extremely costly.
The current president is Pastor Mateus Chaves and the secretary general is Pastor Alexandre Melo Chilanda.

</doc>
<doc id="20438547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438547" title="Sanila">
Sanila

Sanila may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20438589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438589" title="Hermosillo Stamping &amp; Assembly">
Hermosillo Stamping &amp; Assembly

Hermosillo Stamping and Assembly is a Ford Motor Company-owned automobile assembly facility located in Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico. The facility currently assembles Ford Fusion and Lincoln MKZ models for the North American market. The facility, which began production in 1986, employs 1,500 people and covers a floor space of approximately .
At its inception, the plant was jointly owned by Ford and Mazda, the two companies sharing production techniques. Initially all parts were shipped from Japan for final assembly of the 323 and Tracer models. Local content has gradually increased over the years with the addition of on site suppliers. The plant is unionized under SINTRAFORD. Because of the plant's Sonoran Desert location and drought conditions during the 1990s, the plant has reduced its water usage by 40% from earlier numbers. The plant is able to supply the city from its own wells during emergencies.
Flexible manufacturing.
For the production of the Ford CD3 platform, Ford updated the plant for increased efficiency and flexibility Ford's US$1 billion investment included construction of a supplier park near the site. The improvements facilitated quick production shifts between models. Capacity of the plant was improved to 300,000 units per year. The plant was top rated in the category of "Compact Premium Conventional" in terms of productivity, taking an average of 20.78 hours to assemble a vehicle.

</doc>
<doc id="20438594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438594" title="San Ildefonso Creek">
San Ildefonso Creek

San Idelfonso Creek is a small stream of water located in Webb County, Texas which runs through Laredo, Texas. The creek is formed within east Laredo and runs southwest for 8 miles until connecting to the Rio Grande. San Ildefonso Creek was dammed in east Laredo to form San Ildefonso Creek Lake, the second largest Lake in Laredo. The terrain surrounding the creek is mostly clay and sandy loams. The vegetation surrounding the creek is mostly made up of mesquite, cacti, chaparral, hardwoods and grasses. San Idelfonso Creek crosses two major highways in Laredo, Texas among them are: Texas State Highway 359 and United States Route 83

</doc>
<doc id="20438599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438599" title="Protected areas of Bihar">
Protected areas of Bihar

A Map of Protected areas in Bihar
Bihar has notified forest area of 6,764.14 km², which is 7.1 percent of its geographical area. The sub Himalayan foothill of Someshwar and Dun ranges in West Champaran district another belt of moist deciduous forests. These also consists of scrub, grass and reeds. Here the rainfall is above 1,600 mm and thus promotes luxuriant Sal forests in the favoured areas.
Bihar has 3,208 km2 (~3.41%)of Protected Forest Area and 76.30 km 2 Protected Non-Forest Area.
Bihar is one of the prominent state who is taking "considerable" initiatives in the implementation of the provisions of the Act In India 

</doc>
<doc id="20438618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438618" title="Octet Plays Trane">
Octet Plays Trane

Octet Plays Trane is an album by the David Murray Octet released on the Justin Time label. Recorded in 1999 and released in 2000 the album and features performances by Murray, Rasul Siddick, Hugh Ragin, Craig Harris, James Spaulding, Ravi Best, D. D. Jackson, Mark Johnson and Jaribu Shahid. The album contains Murray's versions of compositions by John Coltrane and is dedicated to Bob Thiele.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Al Campbell awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "The proceedings wind down with an engaging 15-minute version of "A Love Supreme: Part 1: Acknowledgment" proving Murray has studied not only the music of John Coltrane, but like him insists on applying his individuality through his horn.".

</doc>
<doc id="20438641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438641" title="Cyclone Nisha (2008)">
Cyclone Nisha (2008)

Cyclone Nisha (IMD designation: BOB 07, JTWC designation: 06B, also known as Cyclonic Storm Nisha) was the ninth tropical cyclone of the 2008 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, and the seventh tropical cyclone in the Bay of Bengal that year. A fairly weak tropical cyclone, it caused some notable damage in India and Sri Lanka.
Meteorological history.
On November 24 an area of low pressure formed over land in Sri Lanka. Later that day the Joint Typhoon Warning Center, assessed the area of low pressures chances of becoming a significant tropical cyclone within 24 hours as poor. This was due to the convection being minimal near the Low Level Circulation Center. The next morning the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the area of low pressure predicting that it would have a good chance of becoming a significant tropical cyclone within 24 hours, as the Low Level Circulation Center was now moving into the Bay of Bengal. Two hours later the IMD upgraded the area of low pressure to Depression BOB 07. Three hours later the India Meteorological Department reported that the depression had intensified into a Deep Depression whilst remaining stationary. Later that day the JTWC upgraded designated the Deep Depression as Tropical Cyclone 06B and reported that the depression had wind speeds equivalent to a tropical storm, on the Saffir Simpson Hurricane Scale.
Early on November 26, the India Meteorological Department upgraded the deep depression to a Cyclonic Storm and named it Nisha. Later that day as Nisha moved northwest towards India, both the JTWC and the IMD reported that Nisha had reached its peak wind speeds of 55 kts (65 mph 100 km/h ) 45 knots (50 mph 85 km/h ). Early the next day the IMD reported that Cyclonic Storm Nisha had made landfall in Tamil Nadu, India at 0030 UTC. Later that day as the IMD reported that Nisha had weakened into a deep depression, The JTWC issued their final advisory on Nisha. The IMD then reported that Nisha had weakened into a Depression and then issued their last advisory the next day as they had reported that Nisha had weakened into a well marked area of low pressure.
Preparations and impact.
Sri Lanka.
Fifteen people were killed when Nisha hit northern Sri Lanka on November 25, 2008, causing heavy rains and flooding that reportedly displaced between 60,000 and 70,000 people in Vanni and 20,000 people in Jaffna district. Jaffna recorded the highest rainfall since 1918, of 520.1 mm of rain in last week, with Wednesday’s reading of 389.8 mm, being the highest in nine decades.
India.
At least 189 people were killed by the heavy rains and floods caused by the Nisha in Tamil Nadu. Some places have recorded extreme rainfall, notably Orathanadu, Thanjavur District where over 660 mm of rain fell within a period of 24 hours and broke the 65-year old record of highest rainfall registered in 24 hours in Tamil Nadu. In two days, Orathanadu registered 990 mm of rainfall. Previously the highest amount of rainfall in a day was 570 mm registered by Cuddalore on May 18, 1943. In two days, Orathanadu registered 990 mm of rainfall. Overall in 4 days between 25 and 28th November, Orathanadu got 1280 mm making it as the 4th wettest Cylone in India. The most affected areas map released by ReliefWeb. Damage in India totaled to 3789 crores, or 800 million in 2008 USD.
See also.
2008 North Indian Ocean cyclone season

</doc>
<doc id="20438675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438675" title="Brockhill">
Brockhill

Brockhill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20438717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438717" title="Daniel Silna">
Daniel Silna

Daniel Silna (born August 26, 1944) is an American businessman best known for his success in the textile industry and as co-owner of the American Basketball Association team known as the Spirits of St. Louis and the incredibly lucrative deal cut to fold that team during the ABA-NBA merger.
Brothers Daniel and Ozzie Silna made a fortune as pioneers in the manufacture of polyester. In 1974 they wanted to own an NBA team. After an attempt to purchase the Detroit Pistons fell short, the Silnas purchased the ABA's Carolina Cougars franchise with the expectation of moving it into the NBA with the impending merger of the two leagues. 
The Silna brothers moved the Cougars to St. Louis, Missouri because it was then the largest city in the United States without a professional basketball team and they thought this would make their team more likely to join the NBA. In 1974 the Cougars, roster and all, were overhauled and became the ABA's Spirits of St. Louis from 1974 through 1976. The 1974-75 Spirits had upset the reigning ABA champion New York Nets in the 1975 Eastern Division Finals before losing to the eventual champion Kentucky Colonels, but in the 1975-76 season the Spirits' play was uneven and their attendance waned. 
The 1975-76 season had not turned out so well in terms of either attendance or wins on the court. In May 1976, due to attendance problems in St. Louis, the Spirits announced that they were going to move to Salt Lake City, Utah to play as the Utah Rockies when a lease agreement for the Salt Palace was arranged. This followed an attempted merger of the Spirits and the Utah Stars franchise during the 1975-76 season, a merger that, had it occurred, contemplated the team leaving St. Louis for Utah. But the Stars folded before the merger could occur and instead, the Spirits bought the rights to some of the Stars' best players, including future Hall of Famer Moses Malone. In an effort to be included in the ABA-NBA merger, the Spirits' owners, the Silna brothers, proposed selling the Spirits to a Utah group, buying the Kentucky Colonels franchise, and moving the Colonels to Buffalo to replace the Buffalo Braves, who were then planning to move to Hollywood, Florida. The Spirits were not included in the merger, but the Silna brothers nonetheless managed to turn the merger, for them, into one of the greatest deals in the history of professional sports: ) In June, 1976 the remaining ABA owners agreed, in return for the Spirits folding, to pay the St. Louis owners $2.2 million in cash up front in addition to a 1/7 share of the four remaining teams' television revenues "in perpetuity". As the NBA's popularity exploded in the 1980s and 1990s, the league's television rights were sold to CBS and then NBC, and additional deals were struck with the TNT and TBS cable networks; league television revenue soared into the hundreds of millions of dollars. Over the past 25 years, the Silnas have collected approximately $100 million from the NBA, despite the fact that the Spirits never played an NBA game. The Silnas continue to receive checks from the NBA on a yearly basis, representing a 4/7 share of the television money that would normally go to any NBA franchise. Thanks to their deal during the ABA-NBA merger the Silnas made millions through the 1980s and at least $4.4 million per year through the 1990s. From 1999 through 2002 the deal netted the Spirits' owners at least $12.53 million per year; from 2003-2006 their take was at least $15.6 million per year. The two Silna brothers each get 45% of that television revenue per year and their attorney during the merger negotiations, Donald Schupak, receives 10%. They credit their terrific deal to planning they had done ahead of the merger for the Virginia Squires owners; the Silnas had expected the Spirits and Colonels to enter the NBA but for the ailing Squires to be left out, and the Silnas thought up the television revenue deal as a way to treat the Squires' owners fairly if the Squires did not join the NBA with the other ABA teams. The Silna brothers have received over $255 million in NBA television revenue as of 2012. With New Orleans Saints owner Tom Benson purchasing the New Orleans Hornets from the NBA in 2012 and planning to rename the team, there had been talk that the NBA might negotiate a deal to end the TV deals for the Silna brothers in exchange for rights to the Spirits name. However, this did not happen, as the team ultimately took the name of Pelicans. The deal cut by the Silna brothers and the incredible amount of revenue it has produced over the years has itself become legend.
A resident of Saddle River, New Jersey, Silna lost the money he had invested with Bernie Madoff, with the trustee for the victims of the scheme alleging that Silna and his associates had received $24 million in unearned income from Madoff.

</doc>
<doc id="20438718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438718" title="In-tango">
In-tango

In-tango was a debut single of an Italian artist In-Grid. It was released in 2003.
English Version of this song entitled We Tango Alone was released in United States, Australia, United Kingdom and another countries. Some Songs are played in Asian countries like Philippines.
Lyrics.
The lyrics were written by In-Grid and Marco Soncini, who co-produced the song with Alfredo Larry Pignagnoli. The English version was also co-written by Daniela Galli (also known as Dhany) and Paul Sears.
Benny Benassi Remix.
A Benny Benassi remix of in-tango was also released.
Song information.
The story was about In-grid who watches a movie called In-tango. She is the main cast in that movie. In the movie she is late at the prom. She comes near to a handsome gentleman and they danced. the girl that was dancing with that man left with jealousy. The movie ended with all the audience leaving because of the lyrics of the song that was quite disturbing. When In-grid watches that movie she wears same clothes as when she acted and sang the same song as she sang in that movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20438721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438721" title="Sanila, Pakistan">
Sanila, Pakistan

Sanila is first town to enter Tehsil Puran District Shangla in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan. Most of the inhabitants of Sanila belong to Barat Khel branch of the subtribe Babozai of the major Pathan tribe Yousafzai.Khurshad Khan PML leader belong to Sanila Village.

</doc>
<doc id="20438727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438727" title="Ozzie Silna">
Ozzie Silna

Ozzie Silna (born December 28, 1932) is an American businessman best known for his success in the textile industry, as co-owner of the American Basketball Association's Spirits of St. Louis and the lucrative deal cut to fold that team during the ABA-NBA merger.
Brothers Ozzie and Daniel Silna made a fortune as pioneers in the manufacture of polyester. In 1974, they wanted to own an NBA team. After an attempt to buy the Detroit Pistons fell short, the Silnas purchased the ABA's Carolina Cougars franchise with the expectation of moving it into the NBA with the impending merger of the two leagues.
The Spirits of St. Louis.
The Silna brothers moved the Cougars to St. Louis, Missouri, because it was then the largest city in the United States without a professional basketball team and they thought this would make their team more likely to join the NBA. In 1974, the Cougars, roster and all, were overhauled and became the ABA's Spirits of St. Louis from 1974 through 1976. The 1974-75 Spirits had upset the reigning ABA champion New York Nets in the 1975 Eastern Division Finals before losing to the eventual champion Kentucky Colonels, but in the 1975-76 season the Spirits' play was uneven and their attendance waned.
The Spirits' 1975-76 season was not a success either on the court or at the box office. In May 1976, due to attendance problems in St. Louis, the Spirits announced that they were going to move to Salt Lake City, Utah, to play as the Utah Rockies when a lease agreement for the Salt Palace was arranged. This followed an attempted merger of the Spirits and the Utah Stars franchise during the 1975-76 season, a merger that, had it occurred, contemplated the team leaving St. Louis for Utah. But the Stars folded before the merger could occur and instead, the Spirits bought the rights to some of the Stars' best players, including future Hall of Famer Moses Malone. In another effort to be included in the ABA-NBA merger, the Silna brothers proposed selling the Spirits to a Utah group, buying the Kentucky Colonels franchise, and moving the Colonels to Buffalo to replace the Buffalo Braves, who were then planning to move to Hollywood, Florida.</ref>
The deal.
The Spirits were not included in the merger, but the Silna brothers nonetheless managed to turn it into one of the greatest deals in the history of professional sports. In June 1976, the remaining ABA owners agreed, in return for the Spirits folding, to pay the St. Louis owners $2.2 million in cash up front in addition to a 1/7 share of the four remaining teams' television revenues "in perpetuity". As the NBA's popularity exploded in 1980s and 1990s, the league's television rights were sold to CBS and then NBC, and additional deals were struck with the TNT and TBS cable networks; league television revenue soared into the hundreds of millions of dollars. Over the past 30-plus years, the Silnas have collected over $200 million from the NBA, despite the fact that the Spirits never played an NBA game. The Silnas continue to receive checks from the NBA on a yearly basis, representing slightly more than a 4/7 share of the television money that would normally go to any NBA franchise, or roughly two percent of the entire league's TV money. 
Thanks to their deal during the ABA-NBA merger the Silnas made millions through 1980s and at least $4.4 million per year through 1990s. From 1999 through 2002 the deal netted the Spirits' owners at least $12.53 million per year; from 2003-2006 their take was at least $15.6 million per year. The two Silna brothers each get 45% of that television revenue per year and their attorney during the merger negotiations, Donald Schupak, receives 10%. They credit their terrific deal to planning they had done ahead of the merger for the Virginia Squires owners; the Silnas had expected the Spirits and Colonels to enter the NBA but for the ailing Squires to be left out, and the Silnas thought up the television revenue deal as a way to treat the Squires' owners fairly if the Squires did not join the NBA with the other ABA teams. The Silna brothers have received over $255 million in NBA television revenue as of 2012. With New Orleans Saints owner Tom Benson purchasing the New Orleans Hornets from the NBA in 2012 and planning to rename the team, there had been talk that the NBA might negotiate a deal to end the TV deals for the Silna brothers in exchange for rights to the Spirits name. This ended up not happening, as the Hornets were renamed the Pelicans.
Spirits R.I.P..
The ABA–NBA merger terms included the St. Louis (and Kentucky) players being put into a special dispersal draft. Marvin Barnes went to the Detroit Pistons for $500,000, Moses Malone went to the Portland Trail Blazers for $300,000, Ron Boone went to the Kansas City Kings for $250,000, Randy Denton went to the New York Knicks for $50,000 and Mike Barr also went to the Kansas City, for $15,000.
The folding of the Spirits dissolved a very talented basketball team, one that likely would have competed successfully in the NBA. Twelve players from the final two Spirits of St. Louis rosters (1974–76) played in the NBA during the 1976–77 season and beyond: Maurice Lucas, Ron Boone, Marvin Barnes, Caldwell Jones, Lonnie Shelton, Steve Green, Gus Gerard, Moses Malone, Don Adams, Don Chaney, M. L. Carr and Freddie Lewis. However, the deal cut by the Silna brothers and the incredible amount of revenue it has produced over the years has itself become legend.

</doc>
<doc id="20438760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438760" title="Electoral results for the Division of Fremantle">
Electoral results for the Division of Fremantle

This article lists electoral results for the Division of Fremantle in Australian federal elections from the division's creation in 1901 to the present.

</doc>
<doc id="20438766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438766" title="Warm Springs, Montana">
Warm Springs, Montana

Warm Springs is a census designated place in Deer Lodge County, Montana, United States. It is the site of Montana State Hospital, the state's only psychiatric hospital. The hospital was founded by the Territorial Government of Montana in 1877. The "warm springs" are located on the hospital campus. Hot water seeps from a limestone cone that is about 40 feet high. The Native Americans called this the "Lodge of the Whitetailed Deer" giving the Deer Lodge Valley its name. There are no community services other than a bar and convenience store on the frontage road and a post office (zip code 59756) on the hospital campus. Brown trout fishing can be found in the Clark Fork River just east of Warm Springs and in the ponds on the Warm Springs Wildlife Management Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20438777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438777" title="Narapatisithu">
Narapatisithu

Narapatisithu (, ; also Narapati Sithu, Sithu II or Cansu II; 1138–1211) was king of Pagan dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) from 1174 to 1211. He is considered the last important king of Pagan. His peaceful and prosperous reign gave rise to Burmese culture which finally emerged from the shadows of Mon and Pyu cultures. The Burman leadership of the kingdom was now unquestioned. The Pagan Empire reached its peak during his reign, and would decline gradually after his death.
The reign saw many firsts in Burmese history. For the first time, the term "Mranma" (the Burmans) was openly used in Burmese language inscriptions. The Burmese script became the primary script of the kingdom, replacing Mon and Pyu scripts. The first Burmese customary law based on his grandfather Alaungsithu's judgments was compiled, and used as the common system of law for the entire kingdom. He founded the Royal Palace Guards, which later evolved to become the nucleus of the Burmese army in war time.
He encouraged further reforms of the Burmese Buddhism. By the efforts of his primate Shin Uttarajiva, the majority of the Burmese Buddhist monks realigned themselves with the Mahavihara school of Ceylon away from the less orthodox Conjeveram-Thaton school.
Early life.
The future king was born to Prince Narathu and his wife (later known as Myauk Pyinthe, or Queen of the Northern Palace) in Pagan (Bagan) in 1138. The chronicles do not agree on his birth and reign dates. The table below lists the dates given by the four main chronicles. According to "Zatadawbon Yazawin's" horoscope section, he was born on 23 August 1138.
Heir apparent.
In 1171, his elder brother Naratheinkha succeeded the throne, the new king was greeted with multiple rebellions by the Kudus in the Tagaung region in the north and the Mons of Tenasserim coast in the south. Naratheinkha appointed his younger brother Narapatisithu as the heir apparent and commander-in-chief to deal with the rebellions. In 1174, Naratheinkha seized Narapati's chief wife Weluwaddy (Veluvati) after he sent Narapati on a mission. Narapati retaliated by sending a group of 80 led by Aungzwa to assassinate his brother. After the assassination, he ascended the throne as Sithu II in honor of his grandfather Alaungsithu.
He came to power some time between 27 March 1174 and 10 August 1174, most probably between April or May of 1174.
Reign.
One of the first acts of Sithu II was to found the Royal Palace Guards, whose sole duty was to guard the palace and the king. "(The Palace Guards later evolved to become the nucleus round which the Burmese army assembled in war time.)" He then had to pacify the kingdom, which had seen much instability since the death of Alaungsithu in 1167, and had grown increasingly restless. He successfully persuaded the great-grandson of the Mon king Manuha not to start a rebellion. The rest of the reign was free of rebellions.
Economy.
By all accounts, his reign was peaceful and prosperous. Following Anawratha's footsteps, Narapatisithu worked on increasing Upper Burma's economic and manpower advantages over the Irrawaddy valley. He continued to develop the Kyaukse region by building the Kyaukse weir, and expanded the irrigable areas by starting the Mu canals in the present-day Shwebo District. His attempts to expand irrigation southwards into Minbu District by building a canal system repeatedly failed, and had to be abandoned. Through his efforts, the kingdom grew even more prosperous.
The prosperity of the kingdom is reflected in the superb the Gawdawpalin and Sulamani temples in Pagan he built. The king also built the Minmalaung, Dhammayazika and Chaukpala nearby. His lesser pagodas, such as the Zetawun in Myeik District, the Shwe Indein Pagoda in Nyaungshwe (Shan State) shows the reach of his kingdom.
Rise of Burmese culture.
His reign also saw the rise of Burmese culture which finally emerged from the shadows of Mon and Pyu cultures. The Burmans, who had entered the Irrawaddy valley en masse only in the 9th and 10th centuries, had led the Pagan Kingdom under the name of the Pyu. But now, the Burman leadership of the kingdom was now unquestioned. For the first time, the term Mranma (the Burman people) was openly used in Burmese language inscriptions. "(The earliest use of Mranma was found in a Mon inscription dedicated to Kyansittha dated 1102.)" The Burmese script became the primary script of the kingdom, replacing Mon and Pyu scripts.
Administration.
Narapatisithu appointed Nadaungmya, great-grandson of Nyaung-U Hpi (one of the great Paladins during Anawrahta's reign), chief justice. His chief minister was Ananda Thuriya, reportedly a man of valor who continually hunted down robbers and presented them alive to the king. He had the first Burmese customary law based on his grandfather Alaungsithu's judgments compiled, and used as the common system of law for the entire kingdom.
Religious reforms.
He encouraged further reforms of the Burmese Buddhism. By the efforts of his primate Shin Uttarajiva, the majority of the Burmese Buddhist monks realigned themselves with the Mahavihara school of Ceylon away from the less orthodox Conjeveram-Thaton school.
Sinhalese raids.
According to the Sinhalese Mahavamsa Chronicles, the King of Ceylon dispatched an expedition in 1180 to settle a trade dispute. It suffered from storms and several ships were wrecked. But one ship reached the Crow Island near Mawlamyaing and five reached Pathein, killing a governor, burning villages, massacring the inhabitants, and carrying off a number into slavery. As the Burmese chronicles do not mention these events, there is no check on the Sinhalese version. Historian G.E. Harvey writes:"Mahavamsa does not explain how a few little medieval ships could transport enough men to ravage half Burma and fight many fierce battles. The invasion of course was a raid, and probably over before news of it reached Pagan."
Nevertheless, the friendly relations were soon resumed. The historical cultural exchanges between the countries continued. The reformation of Burmese Buddhism through the Sinhalese Mahavihara school continued.
Death.
Sithu II died at age 73 (in his 74th year) on 18 August 1211 (11th waxing of Tawthalin 573 ME). On his deathbed, he placed the hands of his five sons on his chest and enjoined them to rule with mercy and justice, and to live together in brotherly love.

</doc>
<doc id="20438781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438781" title="Atlan">
Atlan

Atlan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20438820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438820" title="Mineral deficiency">
Mineral deficiency

Mineral deficiency refers to a hypoalimentation of dietary minerals.
Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="20438825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438825" title="Flora of Bihar">
Flora of Bihar

The Indian state of Bihar contains sub-Himalayan foothills and mountains with moist deciduous forests. Rainfall may exceed 1600 millimeters per year. Common trees include "Shorea robusta" ("sal"), "Toona ciliata", "Diospyros melanoxylon" ("kendu"), "Boswellia serrata" ("salai"), "Terminalia tomentosa" ("asan"), "Terminalia bellayoica" ("bahera"), "Terminalia arjuna" ("arjun"), "Pterocarpus marsupium" ("paisar"), "Madhuca indica" ("mahua"). 
Plants of Bihar include:

</doc>
<doc id="20438833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438833" title="Surinder Sandhu">
Surinder Sandhu

Surinder Sandhu is a sarangi player and composer. He is a student of Sabri Khan of the Senia Rampur Moradabad gharana.
Sandhu composes in multiple genres. His compositions combine jazz, western classical and Asian fusion music. Guests performers on Sandhu's albums include rock guitarist Steve Vai to saxophonist Andy Sheppard. His album "The Fictionist" features the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra, guest musicians, and The Surinder Sandhu Band. It was well received by critics after its release on September 29, 2008. The album includes a symphony commissioned to celebrate Liverpool as capital of culture 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20438892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438892" title="Sombrerillito Creek">
Sombrerillito Creek

Sombrerillito Creek is a small stream of water located in Webb County, Texas which runs through Laredo, Texas. The creek is formed 13 miles north of Laredo and runs southwest for 16 miles until connecting to the Rio Grande. Sombrerillito Creek was dammed in northwest Laredo to form Sombrerillito Creek Lake, the third largest lake in Laredo. The terrain surrounding the creek is mostly clay and sandy loams. The vegetation surrounding the creek is mostly made up of mesquite, cacti, chaparral, hardwoods and grasses. Sombrerillito Creek crosses one major highway in Laredo, Texas among them are: Farm to Market Road 1472.

</doc>
<doc id="20438920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438920" title="Andreas Liveras">
Andreas Liveras

Andreas Dionysiou Liveras (1935 – 26 November 2008) was a Cyprus-born British businessman, who rose from modest means to own and run successful bakery and yacht charter companies. He held British and Cypriot citizenship and was killed during Mumbai attacks of November 2008.
Biography.
Liveras was the first of nine children born to a shepherd in Kyrenia, Cyprus.
In 1963 Liveras immigrated with his family to the Kensington district of London, where he took a job selling pastries and driving a delivery truck at the Fleur de Lys bakery. He bought the company five years later, expanding it to become one of the largest frozen cake manufacturers in Europe, then sold it to Express Dairies in 1985. He spent his gain on yachts, among other things, starting Liveras Yachts, a company based in Monte Carlo that owns and rents boats for private charter.
In 1992 Liveras and his son Dionysios started Laurens Patisseries in London, later moving the company to Newark-on-Trent in Nottinghamshire. The family built Laurens to become one of the largest cream-filled pastry producers in the UK. The company was bought in 2006 by the Icelandic Bakkavör Group for £130 million.
Liveras was killed by terrorists on 27 November 2008 at the Taj Mahal Hotel during the November 2008 Mumbai attacks, where he had gone for a meal, shortly after he gave an interview to the British Broadcasting Corporation. As of his death he had four children, and was ranked 265th on "The Sunday Times" Rich List of the wealthiest people in the United Kingdom.
A widower, he is survived by three daughters and a son, all of whom live in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20438929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438929" title="Pio Monte della Misericordia">
Pio Monte della Misericordia

The Pio Monte della Misericordia is a church in the historic center of Naples, southern Italy. It is famous for its art works, including Caravaggio's "The Seven Works of Mercy".
A charity brotherhood ("Pio Monte della Misericordia" meaning "Pious Mount of Mercy" in Italian) was founded in August 1601 by seven young nobles, who met every Friday at the Hospital for Incurables and ministered to the sick. 
In 1602 they established an institution and commissioned a small church, built by Gian Giacomo di Conforto, near the staircase leading to the Cathedral, on the corner of the Via dei Tribunali and the Vico dei Zuroli. In 1605, they received an apostolic letter from Pope Paul V, according special privileges to the high altar.
The church was consecrated in September 1606. From 1658 to 1678 the edifice was enlarged, also with the annexion of neighbouring structures, by architect Francesco Antonio Picchiati, forming a complex with a palace and a renewed church.
The latter, at the high altar, houses Caravaggio's "Seven Works of Mercy"; there are also paintings by Luca Giordano, Carlo Sellitto, Fabrizio Santafede, Battistello Caracciolo and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20438932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438932" title="Giorgos Velentzas">
Giorgos Velentzas

Giorgos Velentzas (; born in 1927) is a Greek actor.
Biography.
He studied at the Dramatic School at the Athens Odeum. He starred in the movie "Ochyro 27" in 1948 and made his first in his emphasis in the cinema and at the theatre in 1948 (V. Argyropoulou Company) with the work "I apagogi tou Smaragdos". He also worked alongside with the companies of Vembo, Avlonitis, Vasileiadou, Rizos, Voutsas, Chatzichristos, Veggos, etc. He is characteristically made a role in the movie "Apo pou pana gia to havouza", in which his brother of unforgotten Anna Mantzourani in the movie "The Charlatan" with Thanassia Veggos, he also starred with his father master-Lefteris, Velentzas did several police roles. He also starred as a soldier for many times, mostly as a police role. He was educated with a great voice, in many Greek movies from 1950 until 1970 and also appeared on television ("Mikro spiti sto livadi"), he also made an important speech at the radio. For his appearance in "Zoi harisameni" in 1993 he won the award for his second role at the Thessaloniki Greek Film Festival. He also appeared in the ANT1 program "Konstantinou and Elenis" as the father of Matina.

</doc>
<doc id="20438948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438948" title="Silent Voices (film)">
Silent Voices (film)

Silent Voices is a docudrama about domestic violence in the United Kingdom written for the Community Channel by Barbara Gorna, directed by Charles Harris and produced by Paul Atherton.
It was first screened on April 25, 2005 at 21:00.
In 2008 "Silent Voices" was released as a DVD to raise funds for the charity NCDV (National Centre for Domestic Violence).
Summary.
"Silent Voices" is a single docudrama based on interviews conducted by the writer, with over a hundred subjects, whilst researching at a Think Tank into the Labour Government's new Domestic Violence Bill in 2004.
The real life events described were then composed onto seven fictitious characters from all walks of life performing integrated monologues directly to the camera. 
Raj, a 10 year old boy tells his tale of how his mother and him get away from the violence of his father and the associated attachments to a black Caribbean family as he moves from home to a refuge.
Chelsea, a 13 year old girl, who loves her father and mourns the loss of her CDs and friends as her Mother drags her from Refuge to Refuge until her inevitable return home. 
Jezza, a 16 year old trainee hairdresser, remembers her time with her mother and father as they battled through her childhood. Her chilling realisation that her Mother was killed by her Father as she watched leaves her character coming to terms with the horror. 
Bev, a 19 year old prostitute and drug addict explains how she has ended in her current predicament in an attempt to escape the violence her father an RAF officer perpetrated on her mother. 
Summer, 26, a successful City worker, explains how she fell in love with the man who then went on to destroy her life through bullying and violence and how she discovered how difficult it was to break free of her situation. 
Michael, 40 a small time lawyer recalls his middle-class upbringing and the secrets of the violence that went on behind closed doors which resulted in his Mothers suicide. 
Lucy, 38, a successful office worker who has finally found a man she can trust again, re-tells the story of how clever her boyfriend was at isolating her by his kindness and attention before she found herself alone with her child in a house that was filled with anger.
Cast and crew.
The show was produced by Paul Atherton, while Charles Harris directed. The music was written by Damian Coldwell.
It was a first time television appearance for all the cast and most of the crew.
Karina Cornell's next job was with Kenneth Branagh in "The Magic Flute". Amanda Wright went on to do "Prime Suspect". Vicky Taylor-Roberts sang the closing credits "Trading Metaphors" taken from her album on Wistful Records. Make-up Artist Caroline went onto work on the remake of "Brideshead Revisited".
It was written on Final Draft with thanks credited to Rinaldo Quacquarini.

</doc>
<doc id="20438960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438960" title="List of Billboard Rhythmic number-one songs of the 1990s">
List of Billboard Rhythmic number-one songs of the 1990s

The "Billboard" Rhythmic chart debuted in the issue dated October 3, 1992, as the Top 40/Rhythm-Crossover chart, alongside the Top 40/Mainstream chart (now called Mainstream Top 40). Weekly rankings are "compiled from a national sample of airplay" as measured by Nielsen BDS monitoring rhythmic radios stations continuously. The first number-one song on both charts was "End of the Road" by Boyz II Men.
On June 25, 1997, the chart was renamed to Rhythmic Top 40 as a way to distinguish stations that continued to play a broad based rhythmic mix from those whose mix leaned heavily toward R&B and hip-hop. Prior to the "Billboard" Hot 100 becoming an all-genre songs chart in December 1998, the Rhythmic Top 40's panel of radio stations monitored by BDS made up one portion of stations measured towards the airplay component of the Hot 100 (alongside Mainstream Top 40, Adult Top 40, Adult Contemporary, and Modern Rock stations).
Below are the songs that reached number one on the chart from its inception to the end of 1999 in chronological order.

</doc>
<doc id="20438999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20438999" title="Dushi, Afghanistan">
Dushi, Afghanistan

Dushi (also spelled Dowshi or Dosi) is a town in Dushi District, Baghlan Province, Afghanistan. It is the administrative center of Dushi District and is located on the major Kabul-Kunduz highway.

</doc>
<doc id="20439009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439009" title="Congress of Kraków">
Congress of Kraków

The Congress of Kraków (Polish: "Zjazd krakowski") was a meeting of monarchs initiated by King Casimir III the Great of Poland and held in Kraków (Cracow) around September 22–27, 1364. The pretext for calling the meeting was very likely a proposed anti-Turkish crusade, but the Congress was actually concerned mostly with European diplomacy issues, of which preeminent were peaceful relations and the balance of power in central Europe and negotiating a common response to the Turkish threat through the project of a central European league of states.
The participants - guests of the Polish king were Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor, King Louis I of Hungary, King Valdemar IV of Denmark, King Peter I of Cyprus, Siemowit III of Masovia, Bolko II of Świdnica, Władysław Opolczyk, Rudolf IV, Duke of Austria, Bogislaw V, Duke of Pomerania, Casimir IV, Duke of Pomerania, Otto V, Duke of Bavaria and Louis VI the Roman.
The Congress, which took place in lavish surroundings, intended as a manifestation of the Polish king's power and wealth, echoed throughout Europe. It included a famous banquet at the house of the Kraków merchant Mikołaj Wierzynek, organized by the city council. The occasion for the feast, which according to Jan Długosz lasted for 21 days, was the recent wedding of Charles IV and Casimir's granddaughter Elizabeth of Pomerania.
The several medieval sources available do not always agree on the timing and other issues. Possibly there were two separate congresses, one in 1363 that had to do with the marriage, and another in 1364, the more political congregation of the monarchs. In 1364 among the issues discussed were the Angevin succession to the Polish throne, and the ratification of the peace treaty involving Louis I and Charles IV among others, arbitrated by Casimir III and Bolko II. An important source is a poem of Guillaume de Machaut who described the banquet in Wierzynek's house 

</doc>
<doc id="20439014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439014" title="Casualties of the 2008 Mumbai attacks">
Casualties of the 2008 Mumbai attacks

Casualties of the 2008 Mumbai attacks include civilians, Indian security personnel, and the 10 terrorists from Pakistan. Western media reported that the main targets of the attack appeared to be Americans, Britons, Australians and Jews, though most of the casualties were locals. 
Interrogation of the captured terrorist indicate no specific orders to kill westerners but to kill as many people, anybody, as they could. At least 166 people had been killed in the attacks and 293 wounded.
Nationality.
Among the dead were 138 Indians (including 17 policemen and NSG commandos) and 28 foreigners. The breakdown of the foreigners was as follows: four Americans, three Germans, two Israeli-Americans, two Israelis, two Australians, two Canadians, two French, two Italians, one British-Cypriot, one Dutch, one Japanese, one Jordanian, one Malaysian, one Mauritian, one Mexican, one Singaporean and one Thai.
Twenty-seven other foreigners of different nationalities were injured in the terror strikes and were admitted to the Bombay Hospital. Hospital sources said the injured foreigners were from Australia, USA, UK, Germany, Canada, Spain, Norway, Finland, Oman, China, Japan, the Philippines and Jordan.
Officers and Government workers.
According to Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh, 15 policemen and two NSG commandos were killed, including the following officers:
Three railway officials of Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus had also been killed in the terror strikes.
Casualties at CST (Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus).
Many civilians, including children, were killed at the CST railway station by terrorists. The terrorists used AK-47 rifles to shoot recklessly and threw grenades everywhere in the station.
Casualties at Taj Mahal Hotel.
Twelve staff members of the Taj Mahal Palace & Tower Hotel were killed and seven were injured. Their medical treatment and counselling needs were provided and fully paid for by Taj Hotels.
Among the 31 dead at the Taj Hotel was Ralph Burkei, a German TV producer who died on the way to hospital after fleeing armed attackers and falling from the facade of the hotel.
Casualties at Oberoi Hotel.
In the attack on Oberoi-Trident hotel, 4 hotel guests, 18 diners, and 10 staffers died, and nine people were injured, including two staffers.
Lo Hwei Yen, 28, a Singaporean lawyer at Stephenson Harwood's Singapore office lost her life. She was taken hostage in the Oberoi Hotel during the attacks. A scholarship has been established in her name.
Casualties at Leopold Cafe.
The injured included among others, Sourav Mishra, a Reuters journalist, who was one of the first witnesses of the attacks. He received severe bullet injuries and was quoted across world media for initial comments on the attack through Reuters reportage. French filmmaker, Kate Chaillat, was with Sourav during the attack. Chaillat witnessed the event, and escaped unhurt.
Compensation for victims.
The Government of Maharashtra announced Rs. 5 lakh (about 10,000 USD) compensation to the kin of those killed in the terror attacks and Rs. 50,000 (about 1,000 USD) to the seriously injured.

</doc>
<doc id="20439055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439055" title="Tauhunu">
Tauhunu

Tauhunu is a the main village on Manihiki island in the Cook Islands and the seat of the Manihiki Island Council. It is located on Tauhunu Islet on the western rim of the atoll.
Tauhunu is a village of native Manihikians (People of Manihiki and the seat of the manihiki council). 

</doc>
<doc id="20439062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439062" title="Let Them Eat Cake (House)">
Let Them Eat Cake (House)

"Let Them Eat Cake" is the tenth episode of the fifth season of "House" and the ninety-sixth episode overall. It originally aired on December 2, 2008.
Plot.
When a fitness guru, Emmy (Samantha Shelton), faints and breaks her ankle, she is sent to Princeton-Plainsboro Teaching Hospital, under the care of House and his diagnostics team. When House's team realizes she had gastric bypass surgery, Taub accuses her of being a hypocrite. Emmy develops numbness in her left leg. Emmy gradually loses muscle and nerve control throughout her body and hallucinates. Eventually, Emmy gets frustrated and asks for chocolate cake to console herself; however, she becomes healthier after eating it. House realizes Emmy lacks an enzyme that requires carbohydrates. She has hereditary coproporphyria. The treatment is a diet rich in carbohydrates and glucose, but because of her gastric bypass and changes in her lifestyle, she has not been getting enough of either. Emmy rejects the treatment, opting for a pill that will manage her symptoms, but not make her healthy.
Foreman begins his clinical trials on Huntington's disease, with Thirteen reluctantly partaking in the drug regimen. She sees a patient called Janice, and has a flashback, seeing her mother thrashing around the same way. Thirteen follows her medication schedule very strictly, but doesn't show up for her appointments. She tells Foreman that she doesn't want to have to see the state she'll be in in a few years. Foreman tells her to get over it and show up for her appointments on time, or not at all. She has another flashback of her mother getting in a car with herself watching from her window. At her appointment, Foreman tells Thirteen to get to know Janice, so Thirteen helps Janice with her jacket. At the end of the episode, Thirteen goes to talk to Foreman. She tells him that Janice in fact didn't scare her about her future, but it reminded her of her past. She admits that she wanted her mother to die, because her mother yelled at her all the time about nothing, even in front of her friends. Her father told her it was the disease, but she hated her mother nonetheless. She starts to cry and Foreman hugs her.
Cuddy uses House's office while hers is renovated. She becomes an intrusive participant in the team's differential diagnosis, much to House's annoyance. They settle on sharing his desk until House disrupts her while she is on the phone with a donor. Cuddy retaliates by pouring a vial of hydrogen sulfide in his office, forcing House to work in a room smelling of rotten eggs—he chooses to leave. The next morning, he heads down to her office, smashes her toilet with a sledgehammer, and convinces the architect he is Cuddy's boss and that he must approve all renovations. House tells Wilson he is having the toilet replaced with a bidet; Wilson notes House appears to be trying to keep Cuddy in his office, the exact opposite of what he claims to want. Cuddy has the furniture removed from House's office. They confront each other, and House accuses her of wanting him, claiming she wears provocative clothing to get his attention. She claims their rivalry is "going somewhere", but when House gropes her instead of kissing her, Cuddy leaves. To reconcile, House arranges with Cuddy's mom to retrieve Cuddy's medical school desk from storage and install it into her renovated office.
Meanwhile, Kutner tells Taub he has started an online diagnostic clinic, but used House's name, not his own. Taub blackmails Kutner for 30% of the profits in exchange for not telling House. Kutner has trouble with a patient who insists her breast implants are causing problems. The patient shows up at Princeton-Plainsboro to complain to House, whom she believes she has been emailing. Kutner and Taub send her to the emergency room so Cameron can deal with her. When the woman starts singing "Coconut" uncontrollably and bleeding from her ears, Chase tells Kutner to ask House to help. Kutner refuses because his scam will be revealed if he involves House. Chase agrees to help for 25% of the profits. When Kutner and Taub check on the woman, they discover she died. House furiously confronts them with the patient's body on the autopsy table. House blasts Kutner for setting up the site and Taub for not stopping Kutner. House does a series of chest compressions and resuscitates the patient, astounding Kutner and Taub. The whole thing was a prank: House knew about Kutner's website and hired the woman to play a patient; similarly, he bribed Chase and Cameron to play along. House allows Kutner to continue the site, provided he pays House 50% of the profits.
Cuddy heads to House's office to thank him for the desk and what she thinks it symbolizes for their relationship. As she approaches House's office, she spots him flirting with the woman who played Kutner's victim. She turns away, walking back to the elevator dismayed.

</doc>
<doc id="20439076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439076" title="Joy to the World (House)">
Joy to the World (House)

"Joy to the World" is the eleventh episode of the fifth season of "House" and the ninety-seventh episode overall. It aired on December 9, 2008.
Plot.
A troubled sixteen-year-old, Natalie, is singing at her school's Christmas program when she suddenly becomes disoriented and vomits. She is brought to Princeton-Plainsboro Teaching Hospital, where the team discovers her liver is failing for an unknown reason. In House's office, they are exchanging Christmas gifts when House receives a mysterious gift wrapped in green wrapping paper. Kutner reads the note aloud, as it says "Greg- made me think of you." The present turns out to be Dr. Joseph Bell's "Manual of The Operations of Surgery". House, annoyed, throws it in the trash. Afterwards, House conducts a differential diagnosis, with the team entertaining ideas such as alcohol abuse and pill-popping. None of the symptoms fit with the entire picture. When Chase and Kutner question Natalie's classmates, it turns out that they gave her magic mushrooms, prompting the doctors to think that this whole episode was induced by others. Meanwhile, Foreman and Thirteen are still involved in the Huntington's drug trial. A woman whose disease is quite advanced drops out of the trial, saying that Foreman told her to "get over it" when her medication made her nauseous. Thirteen, annoyed, accuses Foreman of being like House. 
The gift House received turned out to be last year's gift from Wilson, which House never opened. Wilson accuses House of needing to create the false illusion of a gift because he just cannot be nice to anyone. They end up betting that he cannot get thanked by a patient. Later, after Natalie's tox-screen was clean, Taub and Kutner find painkillers in her school locker, which makes them think she tried to kill herself. They later suspect tuberculosis, thinking she might have picked up something from the soup kitchen she normally attends.
To win the bet he made with Wilson, House puts on his lab coat (only the fourth time House is seen doing so, with the other occasions being the episodes "Mob Rules", "Sex Kills" and "Games") and acts very kind and caring toward his patients. A slightly dim woman, Whitney, who comes to the clinic with a terrible headache, compliments House on his hospitality, to which he responds, "If you can't be nice, why be a doctor?" He later deduces she is pregnant, much to her surprise. He then sarcastically insults her for not recognizing the common symptoms of early pregnancy, such as missing her period and putting on weight. She insists that she and her fiance are virgins, and asks for House to run a paternity test after he suggests that she has had an affair. He does run the test, but after sharing the results with them, he looks surprised, and leaves. He comes back later with the same set of results, and with a look of disbelief, states that Whitney is pregnant as a result of human parthenogenesis, a never-seen-before scientific phenomenon. Her baby only has maternal genes due to a spontaneous gene mutation which fertilized her egg, without ever needing male sperm. Her baby will be a virgin birth. Later, however, it is revealed that House faked those lab tests and just told them that story to cover up Whitney's blatant infidelity (as shown by the "real" results of the test), thereby 'saving' their potential marriage in House's eyes but saddling the fiance with a cheating potential future wife and someone else's baby (this is the "mistaking Good for Evil" that Cuddy refers to later in the episode but fails herself to rectify).
Things make a turn for the worse for Natalie, as she has a seizure, ruling out TB but bringing her brain into the differential, along with liver and lungs. Kutner suggests a mold allergy, to which the team goes to test her. Natalie admits to buying alcohol from her friend Simon, whom Kutner and Taub question. Taub suggests alcohol poisoning, but it turns out that she hardly even drank any of the alcohol she bought from Simon, as it was only a way to "look cool" and stay friends with him. She goes into cardiac arrest, ruling out the alcohol theory. But her high blood alcohol level nonetheless suggests leukemia, and Wilson is brought in to help. While Cuddy desperately tries to rule leukemia out, Wilson discusses the likelihood of it and says that she will die, even if they kill all the cancer, due to her failing heart and liver. A double transplant would not even save her. Cuddy then has an epiphany after talking with House about the pregnant couple and gravely realizes the only other disease that explains everything: post-partum Eclampsia, which means that Natalie must have got pregnant and had a child. This turns out to be correct, and her friend Simon is the unknowing father. Natalie explains that she gave birth in an abandoned house but her daughter was stillborn. Cuddy searches the house and finds the baby girl, alive, being cared for by a pair of homeless squatters, and brings the baby back to the hospital where she reunites her with her mother. Unfortunately, due to the extent of Natalie's failing organs, she will die (although this is not shown in the episode). The baby ends up being in good health but is kept for observation as she is premature.
In the end, the whole team is full of Christmas spirit. Kutner finds a former classmate he used to bully and apologizes to him. During the episode he is shown to be furious about Natalie being bullied and when asked says that he was never bullied. Cuddy plans to become a foster parent and adopt the baby, as neither grandparent wants to care for her as she will recall memories too painful for them to handle, with House wishing her "Merry Christmas, Cuddy." Thirteen tells Foreman that he is not like House, after he welcomed back the woman who dropped out of the trial and is taking better care of her. Foreman and Thirteen passionately kiss.
Title.
The title may be a reference to the earlier Season 5 episode 'Joy' in which Cuddy is to adopt a baby who she has already named Joy however the mother decides to keep the baby.

</doc>
<doc id="20439099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439099" title="Ernst Lubitsch filmography">
Ernst Lubitsch filmography

This is a list of films directed by Ernst Lubitsch. He made a total of 72 films (44 feature films and 28 short films) in a career that spanned 4 decades.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20439116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439116" title="Associative ionization">
Associative ionization

Associative ionization is a gas phase reaction in which two atoms or molecules interact to form a single product ion. One or both of the interacting species may have excess internal energy.
For example
where species A with excess internal energy (indicated by the asterisk) interacts with B to form the ion AB+.

</doc>
<doc id="20439133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439133" title="Challenger Internazionale Dell'Insubria">
Challenger Internazionale Dell'Insubria

The Challenger Internazionale Dell'Insubria is a tennis tournament held in Chiasso, Switzerland since 2006. The event is part of the "challenger series and is played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20439134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439134" title="Goodall Park">
Goodall Park

Goodall Park is a baseball venue in Sanford, Maine, USA, which is home to the Sanford Mainers of the New England Collegiate Baseball League. The park opened in 1915. It has a seating capacity of 950 spectators.
History.
The park opened on May 29, 1915. Its first game was between the Sanford Professionals and the Lewiston Pilgrims (of Lewiston, Maine). The game was played in front of 1,300 fans.
In 1919, the park hosted an exhibition game between the Sanford Professionals and the Boston Red Sox. The game was Babe Ruth's last game in a Red Sox uniform. Ruth hit a three-run home run to lead the Red Sox to a come-from-behind 4-3 victory. Ruth did not play in another game for the Red Sox before being traded to the New York Yankees by Red Sox owner Harry Frazee.
1997 fire and rebuilding.
In 1997, an arsonist set fire to the park's grandstand and destroyed it. After debate in Sanford as to whether or not to rebuild the park, the grandstand was rebuilt in 1998 and rededicated on July 16, 1999. The grandstand was rebuilt at a cost of over $1 million.
Mainers attendance.
The following is a list of Sanford Mainers attendance figures at Goodall Park dating back to the team's inception in the 2002 season. The team's record average attendance came in the 2005 season, when an average of 699 spectators attended each home game.
Seating areas.
Most of the park's 950-spectator capacity comes from the grandstand located directly behind home plate. The grandstand consists entirely of chairbacked seats. The park also has a section of metal bleacher seating located down the first base line.

</doc>
<doc id="20439137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439137" title="Fo Deuk Revue">
Fo Deuk Revue

Fo Deuk Revue is an album by David Murray released on the Justin Time label. Recorded in 1996 and released in 1997 the album features performances by Murray with Darryl Burgee, Ousseynou Diop, Assane Diop, Craig Harris, Robert Irving III, Abdou Karim Mané, Oumar Mboup, Hugh Ragin, Doudou N'Diaye Rose, Moussa Séné, El Hadji Gniancou Sembène and Jamaaladeen Tacuma. The album features a wide array of vocalists including Amiri Baraka, Amiri Baraka Jr., Didier Awadi and Amadou Barry from Positive Black Soul, Tidiane Gaye, Hamet Maal and Junior Soul.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 2.5 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20439161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439161" title="Terry Friesz">
Terry Friesz

Terry L. Friesz is the first Harold and Inge Marcus Professor of Industrial Engineering at the Pennsylvania State University. He is responsible for developing the basic theory of dynamic user equilibrium, which is the class of dynamic games studied in transportation planning and logistics. He is the current editor-in-chief of the journal "Networks and Spatial Economics".
He obtained his PhD at The Johns Hopkins University in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20439177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439177" title="Maria Filotti">
Maria Filotti

Maria Filotti (born October 9, 1883 in Batogu, Brăila County, Romania; d. November 5, 1956 in Bucharest, Romania) was a Romanian actress. She has been described as among the "prestigious actors of the great realistic school" and the "directress" of a theater "that made an important contribution to transmitting the experience from one generation to the next." The Maria Filotti Theatre in Brăila, Romania is named after her.
Filotti was the grandmother of Romanian actor, Şerban Cantacuzino. Cantacuzino made his acting debut opposite Filotti in "The Prince and the Beggar" at the Bucharest National Theatre when he was eleven years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20439205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439205" title="Meng Fei (gymnast)">
Meng Fei (gymnast)

Meng Fei (born March 22, 1981) is a Chinese artistic gymnast. She won the silver medal in the uneven bars and the bronze medal in the team event at the 1997 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. She was also a part of the silver-medal-winning team at the 1995 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.
Currently Meng Fei is an optional team coach at Woodlands Gymnastics Academy in Spring, Texas USA.

</doc>
<doc id="20439279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439279" title="Chehalis Lake">
Chehalis Lake

Chehalis Lake is a lake on the Chehalis River in the Lower Mainland of southwestern British Columbia, Canada. The lake and the river share the name with the community of Chehalis, British Columbia, which is the home of the Sts'Ailes people, a Halqemeylem-speaking Coast Salish group. Their name "Sts'Ailes" is said to mean "beating heart"; the similarly named Chehalis, Washington and Chealis River in that area have a different meaning in the Chehalis language - "sand".

</doc>
<doc id="20439335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439335" title="Joseph Naudet">
Joseph Naudet

Joseph Naudet (December 8, 1786 – August 13, 1878) was a French historian who was a native of Paris.
He initially worked at the Ecole Normale Supérieure, and was later a teacher of Latin poetry at the Collège de France. In 1817 he became a member of the Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres, where in 1852 he was appointed "secrétaire perpétuel". Naudet was also a member of the Académie des sciences morales et politiques and served as curator of the Bibliothèque Mazarine. 
Among his written works was a three-volume edition of the comedies of Plautus titled- "M. Accii Plauti Comoediae" (1830) and a work on Roman nobility called "De la noblesse chez les Romains" (1868). He also edited and translated works by Catullus, Horace, Lucan, Sallust, Seneca and Tacitus. With Pierre Daunou (1761-1840), he edited the twentieth volume of "Recueil des historiens des Gaules et de la France" (Compendium of Historians of Gaul and France).

</doc>
<doc id="20439366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439366" title="Fred Agius">
Fred Agius

Frederick "Fred" Agius (born 2 February 1984) is an Australian footballer who plays for Cendrawasih Papua F.C.. In 2003 he played Australian rules football for Central District in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) reserve grade, making him one of few people to play at semi-professional level in both football and Australian rules.
Football career.
Between 1998 and 2000 Agius played underage football for the South Australian Sport Institute in the SAPL Under 23 division. Agius in 2001 was selected in the Australian team that played in the 2001 FIFA U-17 World Championship. Agius played four matches, scoring one goal. In a warm-up match prior to the tournament Agius scored six goals in a match against American Samoa.
In 2001 Agius moved to Playford City before moving to Sydney Olympic FC for the 2001/02 season of the National Soccer League. At Olympic he managed four appearances as a substitute.
At the beginning of the 2003/04 NSL season Agius moved back to the round ball game and to the new Adelaide United team set up in the wake of the withdrawal of Adelaide City from the competition. In the 2003/04 season he managed 13 appearances, scoring one goal. At the completion of the 2003/04 NSL season Agius returned to Adelaide City.
In November 2008 A-League expansion team North Queensland Fury enquired as to Agius' availability to which Adelaide City set a transfer fee of A$20,000. In December 2008 North Queensland Fury unveiled Agius as their latest signing. He is contracted for the 2009–2010 A-League season.
Australian rules career.
After the 2001/02 NSL season Agius decided to try his hand at Australian rules football, a sport he had played as a junior. Joining Central District he was able to hold a spot in the reserve grade team and won a premiership medal as a member of the victorious grand final team.

</doc>
<doc id="20439371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439371" title="Creole (album)">
Creole (album)

Creole is an album by David Murray released on the Justin Time label. Recorded in 1997 and released in 1998 the album features performances by Murray with Michel Cilla, Max Cilla, Ray Drummond, Billy Jabali Hart, D.D. Jackson, Klod Kiavue, François Landreseau, Gérard Lockel, and James Newton.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Tim Sheridan awarded the album 3 stars stating "Celebrating the Caribbean spirit through bold rhythms and atonal experiment, this disc is for the most part an intriguing effort. While the "noodling" is not for everyone's taste, there are many beautiful moments throughout.".

</doc>
<doc id="20439388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439388" title="Bernard Whimpress">
Bernard Whimpress

Dr. Bernard Whimpress is an Australian historian, most active in the area of sports history. A former sports magazine journalist and photographer, he has written, co-written and edited more than 20 books, mainly on cricket.
Books.
As author these include: 
"Test Eleven" was widely praised in the English press and cricket magazines and "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack". "Passport to Nowhere" was short-listed for the Jack Pollard Trophy in 2000.
As editor/publisher of other authors:
Booklets.
He has also written and published a number of booklets:
From 1998 to 2010 he published and edited a journal of Australian cricket history, "Baggy Green".
Contributions to Books.
Whimpress has also been a major contributor with either main articles or chapters in the following books:
He was an associate editor and contributor to "The Wakefield Companion to South Australian History" and has several entries in various volumes of the "Australian Dictionary of Biography".
Excerpts from Whimpress's work are included in "The Oxford Book of Australian Sporting Anecdotes", Gideon Haigh's "Cricket Anecdotes", "The Best Ever Australian Sports Writing: A 200 Year Collection" and "The Best Australian Sports Writing 2004".
Articles and Journalism.
Historical articles and journalism on sporting subjects have appeared in numerous, magazines and journals in Australia and overseas, including "Wisden Cricketer's Almanack Australia", "Wisden Cricket Monthly", "Cricketer", "Cricket Lore", "Australian Cricket", "Inside Edge", "Journal of the Cricket Society", "Cricket Statistician", "Sports Historian", "Sport in Society", "Sporting Traditions", "Australian Society for Sports History Bulletin", the "Bulletin of Sports and Culture" and "Between Wickets". He previously edited "Football Times" (1975–77), the "South Australian Football Budget" (1979–83), "Long Boundary" (1996-2003), published and edited "Baggy Green" (1998-2010), and was reviews editor of "Sporting Traditions" (2003-2007).
Wider writing and reviews have also appeared in a range of magazines, journals and newspapers such as "Aboriginal History", "The Australian", "The New Federalist", "Journal of Australian Studies", "Community History", "Arena", "Sydney Morning Herald", "The Advertiser", "History Australia", "Overland" and "Australian Book Review".
Work with sporting organisations.
Whimpress has held major positions with key sporting organisations. 
As Publications Manager of the South Australian National Football League from 1979 to 1984 he edited the league's weekly magazine, the "South Australian Football Budget", annual reports and newsletters; wrote the history of the league, "The South Australian Football Story"; and arranged themed historic displays throughout the members dining rooms and bars in both the members area and outer ground of Football Park.
As Curator of the Adelaide Oval Museum and Historian for the South Australian Cricket Association (SACA) from 1994 to 2009 he was responsible for historical displays, maintaining historical records of the Oval and expanding heritage consciousness of the ground. In addition he edited several of the association's annual reports and was the founding editor of the newsletter, "Long Boundary". In 2008 he conceived the design and wrote the text for the reinterpretation of the Bradman Collection Museum on its transfer from the State Library to Adelaide Oval and provided further reinterpretation of the same collection in the new southern stand at the Oval in 2013. Since 2010 he has acted as a historical consultant to the SACA and Adelaide Oval Stadium Management Authority (AOSMA) in developing displays in the western and southern grandstands.
In 2013 he became a member of a national Australian Football League (AFL) History Sub-committee.
Other historical work.
Whimpress holds a doctorate in history from Flinders University and an associate diploma in photography from the South Australian College of Arts and Education. He has taught courses in sports, American and world history at Flinders University; and Aboriginal history and sports journalism at the University of South Australia. He has both supervised and examined theses at doctoral level.
He was Oral Historian for the Adelaide City Council between 1990 and 1993.
Societies.
Whimpress is a founder member of the Australian Society for Sports History (ASSH), convened the biennial ASSH conference in Adelaide in 2001, and was vice-president of that body from 2003 to 2007. He is a current member of the Professional Historians Association, the Historical Society of South Australia, the Cricket Society, the Association of Cricket Statisticians and Historians, and the Art Deco and Modernism Society.
He is a past member of the Australian Journalists Association, the Australian Historians Association, the Australian Society of Authors, the Oral History Association, Museums Australia and the Institute of Photographers.
Current work.
He is currently working as a freelance writer, historical consultant and editor .

</doc>
<doc id="20439413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439413" title="Cape Thomas Hubbard">
Cape Thomas Hubbard

Cape Thomas Hubbard is a headland located in the northern Canadian territory of Nunavut. Projecting into the Arctic Ocean, it is situated on the northern tip of Axel Heiberg Island, from Etah, Greenland.
History.
It was reached by Robert Peary in June 1906, and was the starting point of Donald B. MacMillan's search for nonexistent Crocker Land in April 1914.
The cape was named by Peary in honor of General Thomas Hamlin Hubbard, president of the Peary Arctic Club in New York, who was one of Peary's financial contributors and a fellow alumni of Bowdoin College.

</doc>
<doc id="20439442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439442" title="Dush">
Dush

Dush may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20439451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439451" title="Little Wizard Stories of Oz">
Little Wizard Stories of Oz

Little Wizard Stories of Oz is a set of six short stories written for young children by L. Frank Baum, the creator of the Oz books. The six tales were published in separate small booklets, "Oz books in miniature," in 1913, and then in a collected edition in 1914 with illustrations by John R. Neill. Each booklet was 29 pages long, and printed in blue ink rather than black.
The stories were part of a project, by Baum and his publisher Reilly & Britton, to revitalize and continue the series of Oz books that Baum had written up to that date. The story collection effectively constitutes a fifteenth Oz book by Baum.
Baum had attempted to end the Oz series with the sixth book, "The Emerald City of Oz" (1910); in the final chapter of that book he sealed off the Land of Oz from the outside world. He began a new series of books with "The Sea Fairies" (1911) and "Sky Island" (1912). Also, he reacted to his 1911 bankruptcy by increasing his literary output: he produced five books that year, his greatest output since 1907. Baum tried to launch two other juvenile novel series in 1911, with "The Daring Twins", released under his own name, and "The Flying Girl", under his "Edith Van Dyne" pseudonym.
None of the new series was as successful as the previous Baum and Van Dyne series — the Oz books and "Aunt Jane's Nieces". Disappointing sales through 1911 and 1912 convinced Baum and Reilly & Britton that a return to Oz was needed. Baum wrote "The Patchwork Girl of Oz" for a 1913 release, and in the same year his publisher issued the six "Little Wizard" stories in individual booklets (price, $0.15 each). The goal was to reach the youngest beginning readers, and create in them an interest in the larger Oz canon, as part of a "promotion of L. Frank Baum and all of his books."
The six tales in the "Little Wizard Stories" are:
The stories have a charm and simplicity that is appropriate for their intended audience. In the first selection, the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger are frustrated by their tame routine guarding Ozma's throne in the Emerald City; they decide to go out and fulfill their darker desires. The Lion wants to attack a man and make "chop suey of him." The Tiger longs to satisfy his long-denied appetite for fat babies. In the end, both cats discover that they cannot bring themselves to harm anybody.
The strategy of reaching beginning readers was successful enough for Reilly & Britton to repeat it within a few years. The publisher released selections from "L. Frank Baum's Juvenile Speaker" (1910) in six smaller books called "The Snuggle Tales" in 1916–17, and again as the "Oz-Man Tales" in 1920.
Four of the "Little Wizard Stories" were re-issued in 1932 in a new form, as "The Little Oz Books with Jig Saw Oz Puzzles". A year or two later the four tales were released again, as part of a promotion for a "Wizard of Oz" radio program (sponsored by Jell-O). Rand McNally published the six stories in three booklets in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20439455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439455" title="Robert Titzer">
Robert Titzer

Robert C. Titzer (born June 1960) is an American professor and infant researcher. 
He has been a professor, teacher, and public speaker on human learning for around 20 years, and has taught his own children to read using the multi-sensory approach that he developed. He is the founder of the Infant Learning Company, a company that produces learning products for infants.
Education and degrees.
Titzer received his teaching credentials from San Diego State University. In the late 1980s, after receiving his credentials, Titzer taught at public schools in Guam and California. In 1985, he earned a communications degree from the University of Southern Indiana and later, he completed a Master of Science degree from Pennsylvania State University and received a doctorate in human performance from the Indiana University Bloomington. At Bloomington, he did experiments in infant learning at developmental psychology laboratories. During his tenure as professor at Southeastern Louisiana University, Titzer developed a program to teach toddlers to read. He has also been a professor at three additional universities, which are Pennsylvania State University, Indiana University, and California State University, Fullerton.
Publications.
A search of the PsychINFO database reveals three publications which include Titzer as an author. He was one of four co-authors of a paper which was published in "Psychological Review"; the paper was published in 1999 and was titled "The Task Dynamics of the A-Not-B Error". The other two citations in PsychInfo include his dissertation, which concerned the infant's understanding of the visual cliff; and a paper he co-authored in 1993 entitled "The influence of reminder trials on contextual interference effects."
Occupation.
In 1997, Titzer began selling "Your Baby Can Read!" videos. By 2003, around 60,000 had been sold.
In April 2011, a complaint was filed with the FTC against the company selling the Your Baby Can Read product. The complaint, by the Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood, said the company's claims were false and deceptive. In July 2012, the company folded, citing the high cost of fighting legal battles.
Criticism.
Some experts have criticized Titzer's videos as being suspect because they lack rigorous scientific review and are commercial products. Some also question the use of videos as a tool for infant learning.
In November 2010, Jeff Rossen and Robert Powell of NBC's "Today" wrote: Titzer "calls himself an infant learning expert but actually holds a graduate degree in 'human performance' — the study of motor skills."
Several doctors criticized the videos for promoting rote memorization instead of actually reading. Maryanne Wolf, Tufts University's director of cognitive neuroscience, said: "It's an extraordinary manipulation of facts." "Today" interviewed ten experts who affirmed that the brains of babies and toddlers had not attained the requisite development to read at "the level the way the enticing television ads claim they can". Titzer argued against these claims, saying that scientific research bolsters the effectiveness of Your Baby Can Read.
Personal.
Titzer and his family live just outside of San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20439456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439456" title="Fire Machines">
Fire Machines

Fire Machines, is a computer manufacturing company specializing in the production of small form factor desktop computers. Fire Machines was founded August 13, 2007 by Mike Orth. It assembles its computers at its headquarters in Edina, MN. The company operates an online retail store where it sells its computers. The company launched its first computer in June, 2008, a desktop computer named the "Slyc". The company sold the "Slyc" as an eco-friendly machine that is smaller than the average desktop computer. Fire Machines sells its computers with Microsoft Windows Vista and Microsoft Windows XP pre-installed. As of late 2010, Firemachines.com is now defunct and no announcement of the company's status has been made.
In the news.
The Fire Machines company launch was featured in the Minnesota Sun newspaper. The article covered the eco-friendly aspect of the company. The company gathered international attention when an article was written about it on the online technology blog, engadget.
Advertising.
Fire Machines gained more fame after their first advertisement aired on Mega64, an online podcast and television series about video games. Fire Machines paid for advertising time on the Mega64 podcast show, and gave them the company's first computer, the "Slyc" to promote on the show. The advertisements were included on podcasts 55-191.

</doc>
<doc id="20439460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439460" title="Mount Storm Power Station">
Mount Storm Power Station

The Mount Storm Power Station, located on the west bank of Mount Storm Lake from Bismarck, West Virginia, is a coal-fired power station owned by Dominion Resources. It is the largest power plant that Dominion operates. Mt. Storm's three units can generate more than 1,600 megawatts of electricity from coal synfuel, although these units can also run on distillate fuel oil. Mount Storm also includes Nedpower which is a nearby wind farm with 132 wind turbines. The wind turbines generate enough electricity to power 66,000 homes.

</doc>
<doc id="20439501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439501" title="Banana split">
Banana split

A banana split is an ice cream-based dessert. In its classic form it is served in a long dish called a boat. A banana is cut in half lengthwise (hence the split) and laid in the dish. There are many variations, but the classic banana split is made with scoops of vanilla, chocolate and strawberry ice cream served in a row between the split banana. Pineapple topping is spooned over the strawberry ice cream, chocolate syrup over the vanilla, and strawberry topping over the chocolate. It is garnished with crushed nuts, whipped cream, and maraschino cherries. 
History.
David Evans Strickler, a 23-year-old apprentice pharmacist at Tassel Pharmacy, located at 805 Ligonier Street in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, who enjoyed inventing sundaes at the store's soda fountain, invented the banana-based triple ice cream sundae in 1904. The sundae originally cost 10 cents, twice the price of other sundaes, and caught on with students of nearby Saint Vincent College. News of a new variety of sundae quickly spread by word-of-mouth and through correspondence and soon progressed far beyond Latrobe. A popular recipe published in 1907 called for a lengthwise split banana, two cones of ice cream at each end and a spoon of whipped cream in between with maraschino cherry on a top, with one end covered with chopped mixed nuts and another with chopped mixed fruits.
Strickler went on to buy the pharmacy, naming it Strickler's Pharmacy, while keeping his office on a top floor. 
The city of Latrobe celebrated the 100th anniversary of the invention of the banana split in 2004 and, in the same year, the National Ice Cream Retailers Association (NICRA) certified the city as its birthplace. It is the place of an annual Great American Banana Split Festival and a keeper of the original soda fountain where the first now famous throughout the world confection was made.
Shortly after its invention by Strickler, a Boston ice cream entrepreneur came up with the same sundae, with one minor flaw — he served his banana splits with the bananas unpeeled until he discovered that people preferred them peeled.
Wilmington, Ohio also claims an early connection. In 1907, restaurant owner Ernest Hazard wanted to attract students from Wilmington College during the slow days of winter. He staged an employee contest to come up with a new ice cream dish. When none of his workers were up to the task, he split a banana lengthwise, threw it into an elongated dish and created his own dessert. The town commemorates the event each June with its own Banana Split Festival. 
Walgreens is credited with spreading the popularity of the banana split. The early drug stores operated by Charles Rudolph Walgreen in the Chicago area adopted the banana split as a signature dessert. Fountains in the stores proved to be drawing cards, attracting customers who might otherwise have been just as satisfied having their prescriptions filled at some other drug store in the neighborhood.
Banana split pie.
The banana split pie appears to have originated in the American Midwest, and to have been created by Janet Winquest, a 16 year-old resident of Holdrege, Nebraska, today still an isolated rural community that counted 5,500 residents during the 2010 census.
Sometime in 1952, Ms. Winquest won a $3,000.00 award from Pillsbury, during the Grand National Recipe and Baking Contest.

</doc>
<doc id="20439516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439516" title="Banana Split (TV series)">
Banana Split (TV series)

Banana Split is a comedy gag show broadcast in ABS-CBN every Saturday evening featuring Angelica Panganiban, Jason Gainza, and John Prats, with Pooh, Zanjoe Marudo and 2nd Big Placer Ryan Bang.
History.
Banana Split is the spiritual successor to the "Goin' Bananas" series which included Edgar Mortiz, Christopher de Leon, Johnny Delgado and the late Jay Ilagan.
"Banana Split" first aired on October 11, 2008. The second season premiered on February 28, 2009, and the third season on April 18, 2009 with a new cast. The fourth season premiered on July 18, 2009. A 30 minute version has began airing every weekday afternoon from September 30, 2009, entitled Banana Split: Daily Servings, as part of the Hapontastic block. On August 18, 2010, it was moved to morning timeslot at 10:00 to 10:30 a.m. However it was moved again twice as early as 9:00 to 9:30 a.m. starting June 27, 2011. On July 9, 2011 the Saturday show was reformat as Banana Split: Extra Scoop which features live comedy performance including the return of Clown in The Million Season 2, a reality comedy search. On September 12, 2011, "Banana Split: Daily Servings" will be renamed as Banana Split: Lafternoon Delight and moved to 2:45 pm slot. Due to low ratings, Banana Split: Lafternoon Delight was ended on October 7, 2011.
Currently, "Banana Split: Extra Scoop" airs every Saturday night and surprisingly, the show did well and garnering higher ratings on its timeslot compare to other counterpart programs. Because of its success in the late night timeslot, the network decided to launch a version of the gag show airing Monday-Friday at 11:30 PM-12:00 AM, after "Bandila" from February 25, 2013 onwards titled Banana Nite. Starting Monday, August 5, 2013 Banana Nite will now air 15 minutes longer from 11:30PM-12:15 AM. 
Starting Monday, February 10, 2014 Banana Nite will go back to 30 minutes from 11:45PM-12:15 AM.
Issues.
Theme Song.
Lito Camo composed the theme song "Banana Split" performed by Kool Chix, and is available as a bonus track in Willie Revillame's album "Giling Giling" from Star Records. But during Season 3 the theme song was changed.
Gay Kiss Issue.
During the December 6, 2008 episode, coverboys Rafael Rosell, Jon Avila and Will Devaughn were involved in a practical joke segment following a dating game format, where they kissed an extra gay instead of the Banana Split girls. This event caused a short rift between Rafael and a Banana Split executive producer. As a result, few clips were aired instead of the whole segment. Also, a public apology was delivered after the end of the show.
Casting Cut-Out.
Valerie Concepcion, Roxanne Guinoo and Dianne Medina left the show due to "Precious Hearts Romances" collection where they will act in different episodes. It was reported that Guinoo was removed from the show due to her weight problems while Concepcion left the show due to a talent fee dispute. The rift between Angelica Panganiban and Cristine Reyes arose as another issue following Reyes's departure from the show.
SPG Rating.
Just like its rival show Bubble Gang, Banana Split was also given an SPG rating by the MTRCB due to themes and strong language as well as sexual content.
Additional Casting.
The additional cast includes John Prats, Zanjoe Marudo, Jayson Gainza, Pooh and Pokwang were part of the third season starting April 18, 2009. There were no guests during the first episode of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20439548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439548" title="Rothmans International Series">
Rothmans International Series

The Rothmans International Series was an Australian Formula 5000 motor racing series which ran from 1976 to 1979.
History.
When the joint Australian-New Zealand open-wheeler series, the Tasman Series was discontinued after the 1975 series, the four Australian former Tasman races became the Rothmans International Series.
The Rothmans Series was run during February of each year from 1976 to 1979, with races at Sandown, Adelaide International Raceway, Oran Park and Surfers Paradise International Raceway.
Future (1983) 24 Hours of Le Mans winner Vern Schuppan, driving for Theodore Racing, won the 1976 Rothmans International Series in a Lola T332-Chevrolet with the final round at Surfers Paradise being washed out. Former Tasman Series winner Warwick Brown won the 1977 and 1978 Rothmans titles driving the Lola for the VDS team. Former Formula One driver and future six time Bathurst 1000 winner Larry Perkins was the final Rothmans Series champion in 1979 in an Elfin MR8-Chevrolet driving for Ansett Team Elfin.
Some notable drivers who competed in the Rothmans International Series included future (1980) Formula One World Champion Alan Jones, former Tasman Series champion Englishman Peter Gethin, 1974 Bathurst 1000 and 1976 Australian Grand Prix winner John Goss, twice Gold Star winner Kevin Bartlett, triple Australian Grand Prix and Tasman Series champion Kiwi Graham McRae, three time Gold Star winner John McCormack, and future four-time Australian Drivers Champion Alfredo Costanzo. Colin Bond, the 1969 Bathurst 500 winner as well as being a three time Australian Rally champion and the 1975 Australian Touring Car Champion, also drove in the 1979 series.

</doc>
<doc id="20439550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439550" title="Turkey trot">
Turkey trot

The name turkey trot can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20439557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439557" title="Reeve tetrahedron">
Reeve tetrahedron

In geometry, the Reeve tetrahedron is a polyhedron, named after John Reeve, in R3 with vertices at (0, 0, 0), (1, 0, 0), (0, 1, 0) and (1, 1, "r") where "r" is a positive integer. Each vertex lies on a fundamental lattice point (a point in Z3). No other fundamental lattice points lie on the surface or in the interior of the tetrahedron. In 1957 Reeve used this tetrahedron as a counterexample to show that there is no simple equivalent of Pick's theorem in R3 or higher-dimensional spaces. This is seen by noticing that Reeve tetrahedra have the same number of interior and boundary points for any value of "r", but different volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="20439566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439566" title="Ian Brennan (sculptor)">
Ian Brennan (sculptor)

Ian G. Brennan (born 1950) is the official sculptor to the Most Noble Order of the Garter and Honourable Order of the Bath. Brennan has received over ninety-five commissions for the Royal Household, these include over seventy-five carved and painted crowns, coronets and crests. Those of the Garter knights have been installed in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle. Those of the Knights of the Bath have been installed in Henry VII Lady Chapel at Westminster Abbey.
Royal commissions.
Brennan's commissions in both wood and bronze for the British Royal Household have drawn other patrons. In the nearly 30 years since his appointment as official sculptor to Britain's two most prestigious heraldic orders, the artist has completed commissions for King Juan Carlos of Spain, Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands, King Harald V of Norway and Emperor Akihito of Japan.
Order of the Garter.
Over the course of decades, a number of newly created crests carved by Brennan have been positioned above the Knights choir stalls (seats) in St George's Chapel. These include the crests and coronet for three former British Prime Ministers: The Swan for Sir Edward Heath,the stag for Sir John Major and the coronet for Baroness Margaret ThatcherThe coronets for Princess Alexandra, Lavinia,Duchess of Norfolk and Lady Soames; daughter of Sir Winston Churchill. The wings for Sir Timothy Colman, the swan for Sir Edward Heath, the badger for Lord Butler of Brockwell, the lion for Field Marshal Lord Bramall, the griffin for Lord Bingham of Cornhill, the stag for Sir John Major, and the kiwi for Sir Edmund Hillary. The Coronet for the Princess Anne,The Princes Royal, the Royal crests for The Duke of Glocester, Prince Andrew The Duke of York, Prince Edward, The Earl of Wessex and more recently the Royal crest for Prince William. The gilded Chrysanthemum crest of HIM Emperor Akihito represented a somewhat different artistic challenge than is normally posed by the conventions of European heraldry. Brennan was also asked to replace damaged or missing carving on some of the older historic sculpture in the chapel. Among those restored Garter Crests and Royal Crowns which were originally made during the middle of the last century are King Frederick IX of Denmark, King Gustaf VI Adolf of Sweden and Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia.
Order of the Bath.
Brennan carved the crest for HRH The Prince of Wales, The Great Master of the Order of the Bath. Other crests created by Brennan for Knights of the Bath include carving done for Sir Douglas Lowe, Air Chief Marshal Sir Neil Wheeler and Admiral Sir Anthony Griffin.
Other commissions.
Brennan carved a life-size lion figurehead and he also worked on the scrollwork around the entrance port on the middle gun-deck on Lord Nelson's flagship which is currently in dry dock at Portsmouth's Royal Naval Dockyard. Today, HMS "Victory" serves as flagship of the United Kingdom's Second Sea Lord and the Royal Navy's Commander-in-Chief Naval Home Command. Brennan's sculptural work was part of an on-going restoration and maintenance programme for the oldest commissioned warship in the world.
Other marine sculpture includes creating the Cunard Crest which is on display in the Grand Lobby of the ocean liner MS "Queen Victoria".

</doc>
<doc id="20439578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439578" title="Sacha Kolin">
Sacha Kolin

Sacha Kolin was an artist of the mid-20th century. Kolin was born in Paris on May 9, 1911, to Ukrainian Jews Julius and Malwina Kolin. She spent parts of her early life in Argentina and Hungary before her parents settled more permanently in Vienna.
Kolin trained at Vienna's Kunstgewerbeschule (School of Arts and Crafts) and the Academy of Fine Arts before moving to Paris in 1933 to study under Naoum Lvovich Aronson. She exhibited at the Paris Salon from 1934 to 1936.
Concerned with the signs of Nazi persecution of Jews in nearby Germany, Kolin and her parents emigrated to the United States in 1936 and settled in New York City. The family was well-to-do, and chose prestigious Manhattan residences such as Essex House and the Esplanade. Kolin soon began exhibiting her art at venues including Rockefeller Center and the 1940 World's Fair.
In the 1970s, Kolin was an avid participant in third-party donations to museums encouraged by the Tax Reform Act of 1969. She would convince a museum curator to provide a letter indicating that the museum would like to add her artwork to its collection. She would then sell a painting at a discount to a wealthy collector. The collector would donate the painting to the museum, receiving a tax deduction for the market value of the painting. After Kolin's death (on Feb. 14, 1981, in New York City), several artists and collectors were prosecuted for this scam. 
Kolin had expensive tastes in food and fashion, and later in her life, when her artwork failed to sell consistently, she fell into debt, borrowing money to feed her pricey habits, or trading artwork for goods. She produced and distributed so much artwork in this fashion that the value of her work dropped. With the landlords of successive grand apartments, Kolin bartered artwork for rent, and with her two large dogs turned at least one into a squalid mess.
Art.
Kolin's artwork has been exhibited at the New York World's Fair, the Brooklyn Museum, the Boston Museum of Fine Arts, and the Whitney Museum of American Art among numerous other venues, and her art is in the collections of the Smithsonian American Art Museum and the Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum among others.
She produced abstract paintings and aeronautically-inspired, Minimalist sculpture.
Kolin was a longtime friend of artist Ray Johnson and an early member of his New York Correspondance School.

</doc>
<doc id="20439585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439585" title="Cudgewa railway station">
Cudgewa railway station

Cudgewa is a closed station located in the town of Cudgewa, on the Cudgewa railway line in Victoria, Australia. Today there is nothing left of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20439632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439632" title="Wabba railway station">
Wabba railway station

Wabba is a closed station located in the town of Wabba, on the Cudgewa railway line in Victoria, Australia. Today there is nothing left of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20439653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439653" title="1984 United States Grand Prix">
1984 United States Grand Prix

1984 United States Grand Prix may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20439659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439659" title="Chad Bannon">
Chad Bannon

Chad Bannon (born November 13, 1970), also credited as Chad Ullery, is an American television and movie actor. Standing 6’4” and weighing 280 pounds, he is best known for his role as Killer Karl in "House of 1000 Corpses" and playing D.O.A. on the sports entertainment program "Battle Dome". He also competed as a professional kickboxer and mixed martial artist.
Modeling and acting.
Bannon landed the cover of "Advocate Men's" October 1995 issue. He made his acting debut in the Chi Chi LaRue-directed erotic film "Behind the Barn Door" playing the love interest of Bo Summers. Bannon then starred in independent horror comedy film "Kill Madonna" and eventually landed roles in major motion pictures like "Planet of the Apes" and "House of 1000 Corpses."
Chad has also been mentioned numerous times on the Joe Rogan Experience podcast as the mystery cage fighter who was also the recipient of the 'Hungriest Butt Award'.
Martial arts.
Bannon went on to pursue a career as a mixed martial artist and kickboxer and competed for King of the Cage and K-1 as part of Bob Sapp's "Team Beast". He fought Rick Collup in 2002 at King of the Cage: 18 Sudden Impact, knocking him out in only 20 seconds.
Bannon then fought Tatsufumi Tomihira at K-1 Beast 2003 in Yamagata, Japan and lost in a unanimous decision. Bannon is a heavyweight, weighing 245 lbs and standing at 6'4".

</doc>
<doc id="20439683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439683" title="Speaking in Tongues (David Murray album)">
Speaking in Tongues (David Murray album)

Speaking in Tongues is an album by David Murray released on the Justin Time label. Recorded in 1997 and released in 1999 the album features performances by Murray with Fontella Bass, Leopoldo F. Fleming, Stanley Franks, Clarence 'Pookie' Jenkins, Ranzell Merritt, Jimane Nelson, and Hugh Ragin.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Heather Phares awarded the album 3 stars stating "Speaking in Tongues features more intuitive, forward-thinking work from this challenging saxophonist and his band.".

</doc>
<doc id="20439689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439689" title="Beetoomba railway station">
Beetoomba railway station

Beetoomba is a closed station located near Berringama, on the Cudgewa railway line in Victoria, Australia. Today there is nothing left of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20439699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439699" title="Charles Read (RAAF officer)">
Charles Read (RAAF officer)

Air Marshal Sir Charles Frederick Read KBE, CB, DFC, AFC (born 9 October 1918) is a retired senior commander in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). He served as Chief of the Air Staff (CAS) from 1972 to 1975. Born in Sydney, Read joined the RAAF in 1937, and began his career flying biplane fighters. As a Beaufighter pilot, he led No. 31 Squadron and No. 77 Wing in the South West Pacific during World War II. His achievements earned him the Distinguished Flying Cross and a mention in despatches, and he finished the war an acting group captain. 
Read's post-war commands included the Australian First Tactical Air Force, No. 24 (Commonwealth) Squadron RAF, Central Flying School and No. 82 (Bomber) Wing. He was awarded the Air Force Cross in 1960. Following staff roles, Read took charge of RAAF Base Point Cook and the RAAF Academy in the mid-1960s, and later RAAF Base Richmond. In 1970 he was promoted to air vice marshal and became Deputy Chief of the Air Staff. He succeeded Air Marshal Sir Colin Hannah as CAS in March 1972, when the latter cut short his term as head of the Air Force to become Governor of Queensland. Air Marshal Read retired from the military in March 1975 and was knighted the following year.
Early career.
Born in Sydney, New South Wales, Read was the son of an immigrant from Bristol, England. He was educated at Sydney Grammar School, where he completed his Leaving Certificate. After working as a clerk in a motoring firm, Read joined the Royal Australian Air Force as an air cadet on 21 July 1937. Undertaking instruction at No. 1 Flying Training School in Point Cook, Victoria, he gained his commission as a pilot officer in June 1938. Over the next two years he flew with No. 3 Squadron and No. 22 Squadron, based at RAAF Station Richmond, New South Wales, and operating Hawker Demon biplane fighters. He was involved in experimental parachute drops with dummies near Menangle; on one such test a fundamental flaw in the harness revealed itself when the dummy slipped clean from the chute, necessitating a redesign. By the time Australia declared war on 3 September 1939, Read had been promoted to flying officer; he later recalled a flurry of activity on the day, but with little real purpose: "After all, we were pretty remote from Europe".
World War II.
Following service with No. 30 Squadron, in October 1942 Squadron Leader Read was given command of No. 31 Squadron, which operated Bristol Beaufighters out of Coomalie in the Northern Territory. Coming under the control of North Western Area Command, the unit went into action over Portuguese Timor the following month. By April 1943, Read had been promoted wing commander. On 2 May, he led a low-level sortie against Penfui airfield, a key base for Japanese raids on Darwin, during which he destroyed two enemy Zeke fighters on the ground with cannon. Read was decorated with the Distinguished Flying Cross for the "courage and skill" he displayed during assaults on Japanese installations, pressed home in the face of severe anti-aircraft fire. The award was promulgated in the "London Gazette" on 2 July 1943.
Returning to Australia, Read took charge of No. 1 Service Flying Training School from October 1943 until the unit's disbandment in September 1944. He went back to the South West Pacific later that year as Officer Commanding No. 77 Wing. Read led Beaufighters of No. 31 Squadron into action during the Operation Oboe Six landings at Labuan on 10 June 1945, and was the first RAAF pilot to land at the newly opened Tarakan airfield on 28 June. He was mentioned in despatches for the operational and administrative efficiency achieved by No. 77 Wing, and by the end of the war was an acting group captain on the headquarters staff of the Australian First Tactical Air Force at Morotai. He took over command of the formation following the end of hostilities, leading it into 1946 as its units were steadily disbanded.
Post-war career.
Read married Betty Bradshaw on 1 June 1946; the couple had three sons. He was the inaugural Commanding Officer (CO) of the re-formed No. 1 Flying Training School at RAAF Station Point Cook from November 1947 to September 1949. During this time he was offered a permanent commission in the post-war Air Force, with the provisional rank of squadron leader. Read was then promoted to substantive wing commander, and posted to England where he led No. 24 (Commonwealth) Squadron RAF from March to December 1950. Returning from England in 1952, he was made CO of Central Flying School at RAAF Base East Sale, Victoria, and went on to hold staff appointments at Headquarters Training Command from 1953 to 1957.
As group captain, Read commanded No. 82 Wing at RAAF Base Amberley, Queensland, from February 1957 to July 1960, flying Canberra jet bombers. He was awarded the Air Force Cross in the 1960 New Year Honours. Read then served as Director of Operational Requirements at the Department of Air in Canberra. He was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1964 New Year Honours for his work introducing aircraft and weapons systems into the Air Force, including two overseas missions for aircraft and equipment selection. In December 1964 he was promoted to air commodore, and the following year attended the Imperial Defence College in London. Read was made Officer Commanding RAAF Base Point Cook in January 1966, simultaneously holding the appointment of Commandant of RAAF Academy. He then served as Air Officer Commanding RAAF Base Richmond from March 1968 to July 1969.
Read was promoted air vice marshal and made Deputy Chief of the Air Staff (DCAS) in January 1970. In 1962, while Director of Operational Requirements, he had recommended the CH-47 Chinook helicopter for Australian service. As DCAS, after plans to acquire such a heavy-lift capability had languished for eight years, Read was able to finally give the go-ahead for their purchase. He led a team to the United States in May 1970 to review a proposal to lease two squadrons of F-4E Phantoms to provide an interim strike force for the RAAF, pending delivery of the long-delayed General Dynamics F-111C. Read's decision to take up the F-4E offer, over competing Hawker Siddeley Buccaneer and A-6 Intruder options, "delighted RAAF senior officers and aircrews". 
In March 1972, Air Marshal Sir Colin Hannah resigned as CAS one year short of his planned three-year term, to become Governor of Queensland. Read had not been consulted by Hannah prior to the latter's departure, and was reputed to be somewhat reluctant to take over the CAS role. Nevertheless he was promoted to air marshal and served a full three-year tour as the Air Force's senior officer. Read was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in the 1972 Queen's Birthday Honours. A highlight of his tenure as CAS was the belated entry into RAAF service of the F-111C bomber in June 1973; as well as being an advocate for building up Australia's offensive strike capability, Read had been a member of the 1963 mission led by Air Marshal Val Hancock to examine replacements for the Canberra, which led to the F-111's acquisition. Towards the end of his term, however, Read felt that "the nature of the office of CAS changed for the worse", as a plethora of committees sprang up in the wake of the "Tange report" on the Australian defence force. In the words of RAAF historian Alan Stephens, "The seemingly interminable round of committee meetings which followed the Tange reorganisation made management very difficult, to the extent that Air Marshal Read often felt he was fighting against the system rather than working with it".
Retirement.
Read retired from military life on 20 March 1975 and was succeeded by Air Marshal James Rowland, who later became Governor of New South Wales. Considered disdainful of bureaucracy and some of the trappings of high office, Read refused to sit for the usual portrait painted of former Chiefs of the Air Staff. As CAS during the Whitlam Labor government, which was generally antipathetic to imperial knighthoods, he was not raised to Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) until the 1976 Queen's Birthday Honours, after the Liberal Party under Malcolm Fraser had been returned to power. Originally from Vaucluse, in Sydney's east, Read was living in Safety Beach, on the New South Wales Mid North Coast, as of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20439721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439721" title="Timor Air">
Timor Air

Timor Air is an airline launched in partnership with Vincent Aviation in July 2011. It is the proposed flag carrier airline of East Timor (Timor-Leste).
History.
An agreement was signed with Brisbane, Australia-based airline SkyAirWorld on 27 November 2008 to establish the airline using an Embraer ERJ-190 belonging to SkyAirWorld, and taking advantage of SkyAirWorld's management expertise, however SkyAirWorld ceased operations in March 2009. Timor Air's founder Jeremias Desousa gave the government of Timor-Leste a 10% share in the new airline.
In April 2012, the airline signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with AvCon Worldwide Limited, a London, UK based aviation consulting firm and appointed managing director of AvCon Worldwide Limited, James Stewart Kim as its new CEO. In May 2012, the airline ceased Saab 340 operations on the Dili-Darwin route due to low patronage. The same month, the airline signed an MoU with an undisclosed operator to serve the Dili-Darwin route with jet equipment; and to commence services on other routes under its plan.
Destinations.
Plans were to initially fly daily services from Dili's Presidente Nicolau Lobato International Airport to the island of Bali, Indonesia; and to Darwin, Australia; with services to commence on 2 February 2009. Additional routes were expected to be added during 2009, but none came about.
However a daily service from Dili to Darwin International Airport finally commenced 26 July 2011.
Fleet.
At March 2012 Timor Air have one SAAB 340B, operated by Vincent Aviation 

</doc>
<doc id="20439722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439722" title="Supertoroid">
Supertoroid

In geometry and computer graphics, a supertoroid or supertorus is usually understood to be a family of doughnut-like surfaces (technically, a topological torus) whose shape is defined by mathematical formulas similar to those that define the superquadrics. The plural of "supertorus" is either supertori or supertoruses.
The family was described and named by Alan Barr in 1994. 
Barr's supertoroids have been fairly popular in computer graphics as a convenient model for many objects, such as smooth frames for rectangular things. One quarter of a supertoroid can provide a smooth and seamless 90-degree joint between two superquadric cylinders. However they are not algebraic surfaces (except in special cases). 
Formulas.
Alan Barr's supertoroids are defined by parametric equations similar to the trigonometric equations of the torus, except that the sine and cosine terms are raised to arbitrary powers. Namely, the generic point "P"("u", "v") of the surface is given by
where formula_2, formula_3, and the parameters "u" and "v" range from 0 to 360 degrees (0 to 2"π" radians).
In these formulas, the parameter "s" > 0 controls the "squareness" of the vertical sections, "t" > 0 controls the squareness of the horizontal sections, and "a", "b" ≥ 1 are the major radii in the "X" and "Y" directions. With "s"="t"=1 and "a"="b"="R" one obtains the ordinary torus with major radius "R" and minor radius 1, with the center at the origin and rotational symmetry about the "Z" axis.
In general, the supertorus defined as above spans the intervals formula_4 in "X", formula_5 in "Y", and formula_6 in "Z". The whole shape is symmetric about the planes "X"=0, "Y"=0, and "Z"=0. The hole runs in the "Z" direction and spans the intervals formula_7 in "X" and formula_8 in "Y".
A curve of constant "u" on this surface is an horizontal Lamé curve with exponent 2/"t", scaled in "X" and "Y" and displaced in "Z". A curve of constant "v", projected on the plane "X"=0 or "Y"=0, is a Lamé curve with exponent 2/"s", scaled and horizontally shifted. If "v" is 0, the curve is planar and spans the interval formula_9 in "Z"; and similarly if "v" is 90, 180, or 270 degrees. The curve is planar also if "a" = "b".
In general, if "a"≠"b" and "v" is not a multiple of 90 degrees, the curve of constant "v" will not be planar; and, conversely, a vertical plane section of the supertorus will not be a Lamé curve. 
The basic supertoroid shape defined above is often modified by non-uniform scaling to yield supertoroids of specific width, length, and vertical thickness.
Plotting code.
The following GNU Octave code generates plots of a supertorus:

</doc>
<doc id="20439728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439728" title="Shelley railway station, Victoria">
Shelley railway station, Victoria

Shelley is a closed station located in the town of Shelley, on the Cudgewa railway line in Victoria, Australia. Today there is nothing left of the station. The station was the highest station in Victoria at 781 metres (2562 feet). 

</doc>
<doc id="20439746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439746" title="Koetong railway station">
Koetong railway station

Koetong is a closed station located in the town of Koetong, on the Cudgewa railway line in Victoria, Australia. Today there is nothing left of the station. 

</doc>
<doc id="20439768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439768" title="Organoiodine compound">
Organoiodine compound

Organoiodine compounds are organic compounds that contain one or more carbon–iodine bonds. They occur widely in organic chemistry, but are relatively rare in nature. The thyroxine hormones are organoiodine compounds that are required for health and the reason for government-mandated iodization of salt.
Structure, bonding, general properties.
Almost all organoiodine compounds feature iodide connected to one carbon center. These are usually classified as derivatives of I-. Some organoiodine compounds feature iodine in higher oxidation states.
The C–I bond is the weakest of the carbon–halogen bonds. These bond strengths correlate with the electronegativity of the halogen, decreasing in the order F > Cl > Br > I. This periodic order also follows the atomic radius of halogens and the length of the carbon-halogen bond. For example, in the molecules represented by CH3X, where X is a halide, the carbon-X bonds have strengths, or bond dissociation energies, of 115, 83.7, 72.1, and 57.6 kcal/mol for X = fluoride, chloride, bromide, and iodide, respectively. Of the halides, iodide usually is the best leaving group. Because of the weakness of the C-I bond, samples of organoiodine compounds are often yellow due to an impurity of I2.
A noteworthy aspect of organoiodine compounds is their high density, which arises from the high atomic weight of iodine. For example, one millilitre of methylene iodide weighs 3.325 g.
Industrial applications.
Few organoiodine compounds are important industrially, at least in terms of large scale production. Iodide containing intermediates are common in organic synthesis, because of the easy formation and cleavage of the C–I bond. Industrially significant organoiodine compounds, often used as disinfectants or pesticides, are iodoform (CHI3), methylene iodide (CH2I2), and methyl iodide (CH3I). Although methyl iodide is not an industrially important product, it is an important intermediate, being a transiently generated intermediate in the industrial production of acetic acid and acetic anhydride. The potential for methyl iodide to replace the ubiquitous dependence on methyl bromide as a soil fumigant has been considered, however limited information is available on environmental behavior of the former. Ioxynil (3,5-diiodo-4-hydroxybenzonitrile), which inhibits photosynthesis at photosystem II, is among the very few organoiodine herbicides. A member of the hydroxybenzonitrile herbicide class, ioxynil is an iodinated analog of the brominated herbicide, bromoxynil (3,5-dibromo-4-hydroxybenzonitrile).
Iodinated and brominated organic compounds are of concern as environmental contaminants owing to very limited information available on environment fate behavior. However, recent reports have shown promise in biological detoxification of these classes of contaminants. For example, Iodotyrosine deiodinase is a mammalian enzyme with the unusual function of aerobic reductive dehalogenation of iodine- or bromine-substituted organic substrates. Bromoxynil and ioxynil herbicides have been shown to undergo a variety of environmental transformations, including reductive dehalogenation by anaerobic bacteria. 
Polyiodoorganic compounds are sometimes employed as X-ray contrast agents, in fluoroscopy, a type of medical imaging. This application exploits the X-ray absorbing ability of the heavy iodine nucleus. A variety of agents are available commercially, many are derivatives of 1,3,5-triiodobenzene and contain about 50% by weight iodine. For most applications, the agent must be highly soluble in water and, of course, non-toxic and readily excreted. A representative reagent is Ioversol (Figure to right), which has water-solubilizing diol substituents. Typical applications include urography and angiography.
Biological role.
In terms of human health, the most important organoiodine compounds are the two thyroid hormones thyroxine ("T4") and triiodothyronine ("T3"). Marine natural products are rich sources of organoiodine compounds, like the recently discovered plakohypaphorines from the sponge "Plakortis simplex".
The sum of iodomethane produced by the marine environment, microbial activitiy in rice paddies, and the burning of biological material is estimated to be 214 kilotonnes per year. The volatile iodomethane is broken up by oxidation reactions in the atmosphere and a global iodine cycle is established.
Methods for preparation of the C–I bond.
Organoiodine compounds are prepared by numerous routes, depending on the degree and regiochemistry of iodination sought and the nature of the precursors. The direct iodination with I2 is employed with unsaturated substrates:
The iodide anion is a good nucleophile and will displace chloride, tosylate, bromide and other leaving groups, as in the Finkelstein reaction. Aromatic iodides may be prepared via a diazonium salt in the Sandmeyer reaction.
Because of its low ionization energy, iodine is readily converted to reagents that deliver the equivalent of "I+". A representative electrophilic iodination reagent is iodine monochloride.

</doc>
<doc id="20439769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439769" title="Freddie Query">
Freddie Query

Freddie Query is a former late model dirt track racing driver from Mooresville, North Carolina. He raced in the southeastern United States, primarily in North Carolina during the 80s and 90s. He raced in the NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division, Southeast Series. Query won the 1998 Slim Jim All Pro Series championship. he attempted to make one NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race that year but did not qualify. Query had the most Super Late Model wins at Concord Motorsport Park. He became the general manager for Hank Parker Racing in 2000; the team closed operations 3 years later.
Query now owns a Track Operation Industry in Mooresville, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="20439799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439799" title="West Busway">
West Busway

Routes.
Four Port Authority bus routes currently utilize the West Busway. One route is the flag carrier of the busway and terminate at the end of the thoroughfare. The G2 West Busway All Stops travels along the end of the busway to West Carson Street, crosses the Fort Pitt Bridge, then makes a loop through Downtown Pittsburgh. Another important route, the 28X Airport Flyer, uses the West Busway as far south as Bell Station; dedicated ramps connect the Busway to Interstate 376/US 22-30. Following the naming convention of each busway being designated by a color, bus routes that use the West Busway begin with a "G" for green.

</doc>
<doc id="20439861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439861" title="Prompt Global Strike">
Prompt Global Strike

Prompt Global Strike (PGS) is a United States military effort to develop a system that can deliver a precision conventional weapon strike anywhere in the world within one hour, in a similar manner to a nuclear ICBM. In April 2010, Marine Corps General James Cartwright explained the system's rationale, stating that "Today, unless you want to go nuclear, conventional military response time is measured in days, maybe weeks". A PGS system could also be useful during a nuclear conflict, potentially replacing nuclear weapons against 30 percent of targets. The PGS program encompasses numerous technologies, including conventional surface-launched rockets and air-launched hypersonic missiles, although no specific PGS system has yet been finalized.
System.
The PGS system will be designed to complement existing American rapid-response forces, such as Forward Deployed Forces, Air Expeditionary Groups (which can deploy within 48 hours) and carrier battle groups (which can respond within 96 hours). 
Possible delivery systems include:
In 2010, the United States Air Force prototyped a PGS system based on a modified Minuteman III ICBM. In March 2011, Air Force Major General David Scott stated that the service had no plans to use a sea- or land-based ICBM system for Prompt Global Strike, as they would be expensive to develop and potentially "dangerous." Instead, efforts would focus on a hypersonic glider. However, the following day, Air Force Chief of Staff Norton Schwartz said that an ICBM-based PGS system was still an option.
History.
Background.
The administration of George W. Bush considered developing such a weapon in the 2000s, but rejected the idea because of fears that an ICBM-launched weapon would trigger the Russian nuclear-launch warning system, potentially provoking a nuclear war. However, the Obama administration continued development of the system later in the decade.
A potential enemy cannot be certain that a launched ICBM contains only a conventional warhead, not a nuclear one. It is thus currently unclear what design features or precautions could convince China and Russia, two countries with launch-detection systems and nuclear ICBMs, to ignore their early-warning systems. Current ideas include a low-trajectory missile design, or allowing Russian and Chinese inspection of PGS missile sites.
On 11 April 2010, United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates indicated that the United States already had a Prompt Global Strike capability. This coincided with the New START disarmament treaty signed on 8 April 2010, which set new, lower limits on ballistic missiles and their warheads. The treaty does not distinguish between conventional and nuclear versions of weapons, meaning any ballistic PGS missiles and warheads would count toward the new limit. However, the U.S. State Department has stated that this does not constrain plans for PGS deployment, since current plans do not come near the limits.
2011 AHW test.
On 18 November 2011, the first Advanced Hypersonic Weapon (AHW) glide vehicle was successfully tested by the U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command as part of the Prompt Global Strike program. The missile was launched from the Pacific Missile Range Facility in Hawaii, and struck a target at the Reagan Test Site on Kwajalein Atoll, over away, in under 30 minutes. The prototype, which incorporated technologies developed by Sandia National Laboratories, was used to gather data to assist the development of future hypersonic warheads.
Submarine option.
In January 2012, the Pentagon stated that the platform would be submarine-based. However, practical efforts to develop the PGS system were delayed by fears of accidentally starting a nuclear conflict. In February 2014, the U.S. Navy solicited proposals for two-year industry trade studies to test the feasibility of developing a hypersonic submarine-launched intermediate-range conventional prompt global strike weapon. The Navy has specified that the effort is a study to evaluate technology options, not to develop a system-level specific CPGS solution. The Navy is interested in awarding one or two $5 million 13-month contracts.
Russian response.
In December 2010, Russian military experts indicated that the forthcoming S-500 missile defense system would include anti-hypersonic defenses. In December 2012, commenting on the development of a replacement for its R-36M2 Voevoda ICBM, the commander of the Russian Strategic Missile Forces, Sergey Karakaev, stated that the missile will allow Russia "to realize such opportunities as the creation of high precision strategic weapons with non-nuclear warheads and a practically global range. Russia can create non-nuclear, high precision weapons based on intercontinental rockets in the event that the USA also works on designing such a weapon".
On 11 December 2013, Vice Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin has warned that Russia will use nuclear weapons if it comes under an attack, adding that this possibility serves as the main deterrent to potential provocateurs and aggressors.
"One can experiment as long as one wishes by deploying non-nuclear warheads on strategic missile carriers. But one should keep in mind that if there is an attack against us, we will certainly resort to using nuclear weapons in certain situations to defend our territory and state interests", Rogozin, the defense industry chief said on Wednesday speaking at the State Duma, the lower house.
Russia's Fund of Perspective Researches (FPI) will develop a military response to the American Conventional Prompt Global Strike (PGS) strategy, Dmitry Rogozin told the State Duma. So far, the FPI has already looked at over a thousand proposed ideas and plans to work on 60 projects, eight of which are top priority, the politician said. He refused to disclose any details, but said that one of those projects is focused on preparing a response to the PGS, which is the "main strategy" that the Pentagon is nurturing. As Rogozin explained earlier, the strategy would give America an advantage over a nuclear state, thanks to their better technical capabilities with weaponry, including the speed, RIA Novosti cited.
Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin has warned that Russia might respond to a conventionally armed PGS attack with nuclear weapons.

</doc>
<doc id="20439887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439887" title="Alister Murdoch">
Alister Murdoch

Air Marshal Sir Alister Murray Murdoch, KBE, CB (9 December 1912 – 29 November 1984) was a senior commander in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). He served as Chief of the Air Staff (CAS) from 1965 to 1969. Joining the Air Force in 1930, Murdoch trained as a seaplane pilot, and participated in an Antarctic rescue mission for lost explorers in 1935. During World War II, he commanded No. 221 Squadron RAF in Europe and the Middle East, and later occupied senior positions on the staff of RAAF formations in the South West Pacific. His post-war appointments included Commandant of RAAF College from 1952 to 1953, Air Officer Commanding (AOC) Training Command from 1953 to 1955, Deputy Chief of the Air Staff from 1958 to 1959, and AOC Operational Command from 1962 to 1965.
As AOC Training Command in 1954, Murdoch headed a program to determine aircraft purchases for the RAAF; his recommendations included the C-130 Hercules transport, considered one of the most important acquisitions in the Air Force's history. His term as CAS coincided with increased commitment to the Vietnam War, and he came into conflict with Australian Army commanders over the employment of helicopters in battle. He was also involved in assessing the readiness of the General Dynamics F-111C for RAAF service. Appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1960 and Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1966, Murdoch was the fourth in a series of CASs who had been cadets at the Royal Military College, Duntroon. He retired from the Air Force in December 1969, and died in 1984.
Early career.
Alister Murdoch was born on 9 December 1912 in Elsternwick, Victoria, the son of engineer Thomas Murdoch and his wife Kathleen. A lieutenant in the Commonwealth Military Forces at the time of Alister's birth, Thomas was awarded the Distinguished Service Order in World War I, and rose to the rank of brigardier as Director General of Engineer Services in World War II. Educated at Caulfield Grammar School, Alister entered the Royal Military College, Duntroon, in 1929, following his elder brother Ian (later a major general). Alister was one of four cadets sponsored that year by the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), which did not at that stage have its own officer training college. Budgetary constraints imposed during the Great Depression necessitated the transfer of these cadets out of Duntroon midway through their four-year course. Although offered positions in the Australian Public Service or nominations for short-term commissions with the Royal Air Force, all were determined to serve with the RAAF and were more than pleased with the prospect of entering their chosen service early.
Enlisting in the Air Force on 10 December 1930, Murdoch completed his pilot training the following year. He was commissioned in 1932 and later qualified as a flying instructor and seaplane pilot, undertaking navy cooperation and maritime patrol operations. In December 1935, Flying Officer Murdoch was selected to join an RAAF rescue mission for explorer Lincoln Ellsworth and his pilot, Herbert Hollick-Kenyon, who were presumed lost while journeying across the Antarctic. Flying a de Havilland Gipsy Moth, Murdoch located Hollick-Kenyon near the Bay of Whales. Hollick-Kenyon led the search party to Ellsworth, who protested that he was not lost and did not need rescuing. Murdoch was posted to England in 1936–37 to undertake a course in long navigation at RAF Manston and serve on attachment with No. 114 Squadron. Returning to Australia, he married Florence Miller on 27 December 1937; the couple had a daughter. Murdoch spent the next two years on the staff of the Directorate of Operations and Intelligence at Air Force Headquarters, Melbourne. In June 1938, he helped inaugurate RAAF instruction in long navigation, with a nine-month course in the discipline.
World War II.
Ranked squadron leader at the outbreak of World War II, Murdoch took charge of No. 1 Air Observer School at Cootamundra, New South Wales, from April 1940 until mid-1941. Following this posting he was promoted to wing commander and sent to the European Theatre. In August 1941, he became Commanding Officer of No. 221 Squadron RAF, a Coastal Command unit flying Vickers Wellingtons on reconnaissance and anti-submarine patrols out of Iceland during the Battle of the Atlantic. The next year, Murdoch accompanied the squadron to the Middle East, where it carried out anti-submarine and maritime strike operations. He also served as Staff Officer Operations with No. 235 Wing RAF. Back in London in July 1942, Murdoch was assigned to Combined Operations Headquarters, where he assisted in planning the Dieppe Raid before returning to Australia in 1943.
Promoted to group captain, Murdoch was appointed Senior Air Staff Officer (SASO) at Eastern Area Command, Sydney, in July 1943. In January 1944, he became SASO at North Western Area Command, which controlled thirteen Australian, British, Dutch, and American squadrons from its headquarters in Darwin, Northern Territory. Murdoch planned many of the command's bombing and mining operations in the South West Pacific Theatre, and was mentioned in despatches for his "distinguished service" in the role. He was posted as SASO to the Australian First Tactical Air Force (No. 1 TAF) in April 1945, replacing Group Captain William Gibson after the latter's dismissal in the wake of the "Morotai Mutiny", when the threatened resignations of eight of the RAAF's leading fighter aces caused a crisis in the formation's leadership. Delegated responsibility for operational aspects by No. 1 TAF's new Air Officer Commanding, Air Commodore Frederick Scherger, Murdoch received much of the credit for the "excellent" planning of the RAAF's role in Operation Oboe Six, the invasion of Labuan. He accompanied Scherger ashore on the afternoon of the landings on 10 June 1945. Murdoch also earned praise for his staff work during Operation Oboe Two, the Battle of Balikpapan, in July.
Post-war career.
Rise to Chief of the Air Staff.
Murdoch was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) on 25 June 1946 for "conspicuous service in operations against the Japanese" during World War II. One of a small coterie of officers earmarked for top positions in the post-war Air Force, he was Director of Personnel Services during 1946–47 before attending the Imperial Defence College, London, in 1948. Returning to Australia, he served as Director of Air Staff Policy and Plans at Air Force Headquarters between 1949 and 1952. In February 1951, he led a team to the Middle East, where the possibility of Australia contributing a garrison force to the region was first raised. Two years later, No. 78 Wing was deployed to Malta to fulfil this role, operating leased RAF de Havilland Vampire jet fighters. Murdoch became Commandant of RAAF College in June 1952, gaining promotion to air commodore. In December 1953, he was raised to acting air vice marshal and appointed Air Officer Commanding (AOC) Southern Area, shortly to be re-formed as Training Command.
In 1954, Murdoch led a mission to examine potential new fighter, bomber, transport and training aircraft for the RAAF, following a shift in defence funding towards the Air Force. He advocated the F-104 Starfighter as a replacement for the CAC Sabre, two years before the Sabre entered squadron service with the RAAF, as well as nuclear-capable British V bomber strike aircraft to augment Australia's Canberra jet bombers, and C-130 Hercules transports to replace the C-47 Dakota. While his proposals for V bombers and the F-104 were not taken up, the Australian government acquired the C-130 in 1958. Described as second only to the General Dynamics F-111 as the "most significant" purchase by the RAAF, the Hercules gave the Air Force its first strategic airlift capability, which in years to come would provide a "lifeline" for Australian forces deployed to Malaya, Vietnam, and other parts of the South East Asia. Murdoch also recommended the locally built Vampire as a jet trainer for No. 1 Applied Flying Training School; sixty-nine were later delivered as T35s by the de Havilland factory in Bankstown, New South Wales.
Murdoch was seconded to the Department of Defence in January 1956 as Deputy Secretary (Military). By February 1958, he had been made a substantive air vice marshal and was appointed Deputy Chief of the Air Staff. In October 1959, Murdoch was posted to London as Head of the Australian Joint Services Staff, and appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the 1960 New Year Honours. He returned to Australia in June 1962, when he became AOC Operational Command. His tenure in the position coincided with the deployment of the first RAAF aircraft to South Vietnam, seven DHC-4 Caribous, commencing in August 1964. Murdoch was promoted air marshal and appointed Chief of the Air Staff (CAS) on 1 June 1965, succeeding Air Marshal Sir Valston Hancock. He was the last of a quartet of army-trained CASs; from 1954 to 1969 inclusive, every RAAF chief—John McCauley, Scherger, Hancock, and Murdoch—had been a cadet at the Royal Military College, Duntroon, prior to serving with the Air Force. With this pedigree, Murdoch was described by Air Chief Marshal Scherger as "the last of the professionals". The new CAS was raised to Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) in the 1966 Queen's Birthday Honours.
Chief of the Air Staff and Vietnam.
Air Marshal Murdoch led the RAAF through the build-up of Australia's commitment to the Vietnam War beginning in the mid-1960s. He clashed with the Chief of the General Staff (CGS), Lieutenant General Sir John Wilton, over the latter's recommendation in mid-1965 to deploy two UH-1 Iroquois helicopters to Vietnam. Wilton believed that both services would benefit from gaining familiarisation with air/ground operations in the region before large-scale commitment of Australian forces. Murdoch dismissed the idea on resourcing grounds, despite the fact that two-thirds of the RAAF's UH-1 complement had been purchased for the express purpose of army cooperation.
He further contended that helicopter operations in Malaysia had afforded the RAAF sufficient experience in the type of conditions they might face in Vietnam, though Australia's senior UH-1 pilot at the time considered that the former theatre offered "little if any hostile opposition, and there was none of the insertion and extraction of SAS patrols which was to become such an important part of the RAAF's Vietnam operations". Air Commodore Brian Eaton, as Director-General of Operational Requirements, advised Murdoch that if the Air Force did not more fully satisfy the ground support requirements of the Army, then the Army itself would seek to take control of this sphere of operations, undermining the RAAF's position as the main provider of Australia's air power. Murdoch's reluctance to deploy the helicopters was eventually overridden by the Australian government, and No. 9 Squadron's UH-1s were in action in Vietnam less than a year later. When Murdoch visited the combat zone himself in August 1966, he was informed by Brigadier David Jackson that the squadron was not performing the role the Army expected of it.
Wilton's successor as CGS, Lieutenant General Sir Thomas Daly, urged Murdoch to procure specialised helicopter gunships such as the AH-1 HueyCobra for Vietnam, to support the more vulnerable troop-carrying "slicks". Murdoch largely ignored the suggestion, telling his staff to treat the Army's recommendation with a lesser priority than "anything we now have on our 'shopping list. His preference was for V/STOL fixed-wing aircraft like the Harrier Jump Jet, which he thought would open a "new era in close support aircraft". In the event, the Federal government earmarked eleven AH-1G HueyCobras for purchase in 1971, though the deal never went ahead due to Australia's withdrawal from South East Asia. Murdoch's failure to appreciate the need for cooperation with land forces has been blamed for fostering long-running enmity between the services, which twenty years later would contribute to the government's decision to transfer the RAAF's battlefield helicopters to the Army. Air Force historian Alan Stephens contended that despite Murdoch's "competence" and "good mind", his "comprehension of air power in its fullest sense and handling of inter-service politics were respectively inadequate and disastrous ... A generation of lieutenant-colonels and majors had come to believe that the RAAF did not care about army support, and they were to carry that belief into the 1970s and beyond". Murdoch also opposed sending Canberra jet bombers to Vietnam on what were later described in the official post-war history of the RAAF as "misleading" grounds that the type was unsuitable for low-level strike and close support; however their deployment went ahead in April 1967.
In 1963, Australia had selected the F-111 swing-wing bomber as a replacement for the Canberra. Murdoch attended the much-anticipated official hand-over ceremony for the aircraft on 4 September 1968 at Fort Worth, Texas, with Defence Minister Sir Allen Fairhall, various US dignitaries, and RAAF F-111 crews. Within eight days a US Navy F-111B crashed, followed by a USAF F-111A twelve days later, creating a "public relations disaster", and contributing to the type's entry into RAAF service being delayed until 1973. In late 1969, Murdoch accompanied Secretary of Defence Sir Henry Bland to the United States to gain assurance of an adequate "safe life" for the F-111's swing-wing mechanism, amid the Australian government giving serious consideration to abandoning the program.
Later life.
Murdoch retired from the military on 31 December 1969 after completing his term as CAS, which the government had extended for an additional twelve months beyond its original three years. He was succeeded by Air Marshal Colin Hannah, whom Murdoch had earlier recommended for the position of Commander Australian Forces Vietnam (the role went to an Army officer, as had been previous practice). In 1971, Murdoch joined the board of directors of Meggitt Limited, an oilseed-crushing firm that was chaired by World War II fighter ace Nicky Barr. Murdoch continued to exercise his interest in Australia's defence after he left the Air Force, joining in 1975 a group of pundits, including retired Air Vice Marshal Ian McLachlan, who promoted the addition of nuclear weaponry to the country's arsenal. He followed a number of sports, including horse racing. A resident of Church Point, New South Wales, Sir Alister Murdoch died on 29 November 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20439921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439921" title="List of lakes of Malaysia">
List of lakes of Malaysia

This is a list of lakes of Malaysia. This list encompasses both natural and man made lakes. The lakes are arranged alphabetically within their respective states or federal territories.

</doc>
<doc id="20439941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439941" title="University of Arkansas Community College at Hope">
University of Arkansas Community College at Hope

University of Arkansas Community College at Hope (UACCH) is a two-year community college located in Hope, Arkansas and in Texarkana. It is affiliated as a division of the University of Arkansas System as a result a merger by act of the Arkansas Legislature in 1995 and is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. UACCH is an open-access institution that enrolls over 1,500 students at its 2 campuses.
UACCH was founded in 1965 as Red River Vocational-Technical School and the ground breaking ceremony for the campus was held in February 1966 by Governor Orval Faubus and state senator Olen Hendrix. In 1991 it was renamed Red River Technical College and placed under the Arkansas Department of Higher Education. This was done as part of a wider movement to transform Arkansas' technical schools into community colleges. In 1996, the college was renamed to its present name and placed as a division of the University of Arkansas System. The college offers over forty degree and certificate programs.

</doc>
<doc id="20439954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439954" title="Shafer's Mill">
Shafer's Mill

Shafer's Mill is a house near Middletown, Maryland, built in the early 19th century. The Federal style house was built for John Shafer, Jr., and was occupied after his death by his son, Peter. The Shafers operated four mills in the Middletown area. The house, however, was never operated as a mill.

</doc>
<doc id="20439990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20439990" title="M'Bizo">
M'Bizo

"M'Bizo" is the sixteenth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and their fourth on the Canadian Justin Time label. The album features performances by Hamiet Bluiett, John Purcell, Oliver Lake and David Murray, with guests Ronnie Burrage, Mario Canonge, D.D. Jackson, James Lewis, Mabeleng Moholo, Jimane Nelson, and Jaribu Shahid.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "The singers and percussionists add to the party atmosphere which even when remembering the dark days of apartheid, sounds quite hopeful and optimistic. Well worth exploring. ".

</doc>
<doc id="20440055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440055" title="Joseph Consentino">
Joseph Consentino

Joseph Consentino is a director/producer most famous for the TV show The Big Blue Marble. He is also noted for directing the 2007 documentary Baghdad Diary. Consentino has also endeavored in baseball, and, along with former Major League Baseball player George Foster, founded the New England Collegiate Baseball League in 1993. The NECBL is a collegiate summer baseball league.

</doc>
<doc id="20440081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440081" title="São Luís River">
São Luís River

Rio São Luís is a river in the state of Acre, in Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="20440095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440095" title="Campbelltown Arts Centre">
Campbelltown Arts Centre

Introduction.
Campbelltown Arts Centre is a multidisciplinary contemporary arts centre located at the corner of Camden & Appin Roads, Campbelltown in Western Sydney. It is a cultural facility of Campbelltown City Council, assisted by the New South Wales Government through Arts NSW. Since opening in 2005 the Centre has pioneered a contemporary arts program that engages with critical issues of our times. The Centre supports the research, development and production of new work and creates platforms for multidisciplinary arts practice.
Facilities.
The Centre's complex includes the following facilities:
Indigenous Art.
Campbelltown is home to one of the largest urban Aboriginal communities in the Country and the Centre focuses on urban Indigenous visual arts and performance practice. The City is also home to one of the largest and fastest growing Pacific communities in Australia. The Centre has developed an ongoing Pacific arts program that in 2007 included the development and presentation of the major project "News from Islands" that included over twenty new commissions from artists across the Asia and the Pacific. Campbelltown Arts Centre has a range of international intercultural projects in development that includes residencies, performance and visual arts.
Photographic Exhibitions.
Photographic exhibitions held at the Arts Centre have included:

</doc>
<doc id="20440096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440096" title="Pingluo County">
Pingluo County

Pingluo County () is a county under the administration of Shizuishan city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. It has a total area of 2608 square kilometers, and a population of approximately 290,000 people.
Characteristics.
Situated on the shore of the Yellow River basin, Pingluo County is a well-known agricultural county. Although large and widespread areas of the county consist of low-lying swamps with high salt and alkali content that remain uncultivated, residents still use high-tech methods to undertake agriculture. Today, wheat is the primary crop, because the long sunlight hours in the county are conducive to its cultivation. The county's postal code is 753400.

</doc>
<doc id="20440109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440109" title="Stonebraker and Harbaugh-Shafer Building">
Stonebraker and Harbaugh-Shafer Building

The Stonebraker and Harbaugh, Shafer Building in Middletown, Maryland was built "circa" 1830 with a residential section to the east and a commercial section to the west. The Federal style building incorporates Greek Revival detailing in the interior. It is included in the Middletown Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="20440133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440133" title="Milan Pavličić">
Milan Pavličić

Club career.
Born in Osijek, SR Croatia, Pavličić played between 1999 and 2008 in the Croatian First League with NK Osijek and NK Varteks.
In summer 2008 he joined FC Fehérvár in the Hungarian NBI. In the following summer he returned to NK Osijek.
On August 8, 2012, he moved abroad again by signing a 2-year contract with newly promoted Serbian SuperLiga side FK Radnički Niš.
As a child he spent two years growing up in West Ham and played for their Junior side.
He represented Croatia at U-20 level.

</doc>
<doc id="20440135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440135" title="2003–04 Syracuse Orangemen basketball team">
2003–04 Syracuse Orangemen basketball team

The 2003–04 Syracuse Orangemen basketball team represented Syracuse University in NCAA men's basketball competition in the 2003–04 Division I season. The Head Coach was Jim Boeheim, serving for his 28th year. The team played its home games at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse, New York. The team finished with a 23–8 (11–5) record, while making it to the Sweet 16 round of the NCAA tournament. The team was led by junior Hakim Warrick and sophomore Gerry McNamara. Senior Jeremy McNeil, juniors Craig Forth and Josh Pace and sophomore Billy Edelin were also major contributors.
This was the last season for Syracuse men's basketball under the Orangemen nickname. (At that time, women's teams and athletes were known as "Orangewomen".) Effective with the 2004–05 academic year, the school nickname became "Orange" for both men and women.

</doc>
<doc id="20440179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440179" title="Kiss Me thru the Phone">
Kiss Me thru the Phone

"Kiss Me Thru the Phone" is a song from hip-hop artist Soulja Boy released as the second single from his 2008 album "iSouljaBoyTellem". It was the best-selling single from the album, reaching #3 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, #1 on the U.S. Rap Charts, the top ten in the United Kingdom, in Canada, on the U.S. Billboard Pop 100, and in New Zealand.
R&B singer Chris Brown was Soulja Boy's first choice to sing the hook, but turned down the offer. Soulja Boy then tried to sing it on his own with Auto-Tune but found it unacceptable. "Kiss Me Thru The Phone" was 2009's eighth best selling single with over 5.7 million copies sold worldwide.
Chart performance and sales.
"Kiss Me Thru the Phone" has become highly successful for both Soulja Boy and Sammie on the charts. The single peaked at number 12 on the "Billboard" Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart. The song then hit number one on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles on the week of January 3, 2009. The song later debuted at #71 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 on the week of January 10, 2009 and so far peaked at #3, making it Soulja Boy's second top five hit on the US charts since 2007's "Crank That". Also it would eventually start to chart on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs currently in the top ten at #4. The song has also debuted at #71 on the Canadian Hot 100 and has peaked at #10. The song has reached number 1 on Hot Rap Tracks. The video ranked at #14 on BET's Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009 countdown.
The song has sold over 2,261,000 digital downloads in the United States, becoming his second song to reach the two million mark in downloads, the first being "Crank That".
In New Zealand, the song debuted at number eleven on February 2, 2009 and later peaked at number two. It was certified Platinum by the RIANZ on July 12, 2009 with 15,000 digital downloads.
In the United Kingdom, "Kiss Me Thru the Phone" debuted on the UK Singles Chart at #63 on May 3, 2009 on downloads alone; the single has since peaked at #6,his second highest entry on the chart after Crank That peaked at #2 in January 2008. It held a position on BBC Radio 1's A-List. To date the single has sold more than 5 million copies worldwide and is one of the best-selling singles of all-time.
Track listing.
CD single
Digital download
Music video.
The music video was shot in New Orleans, Louisiana on December 6, 2008 and on December 8, 2008 in Atlanta, Georgia at the Kelley residence. The video shows Soulja Boy doing his daily routine, when his girlfriend misses him and calls him, and shoots a video of herself making a kissing face on an iPhone and sends it to him.
The video features Sammie and cameos from A-Rab, Ja-Bar, Vistoso Bosses, Vanessa Simmons, Miami Mike, and Dennis Rodman. The music video premiered on December 15, 2008, a day before the album's release. It also peaked #1 on BET's video countdown, "106 & Park" and ranked at #16 on BET's "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009" countdown.
Telephone number.
The telephone number given in the song, if dialled from the United States, connects to a message system for the artist. An unsuspecting family in Oldham, Greater Manchester, found themselves inundated with calls from fans in the UK who dialled the number without using the international dialling code prefix for the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20440181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440181" title="Vimax">
Vimax

Vimax is a brand of male enhancement supplements sold online, primarily through Internet advertising.
The product, which began production in 2001, is distributed by OA Internet Services Ltd, an affiliate network company based in Montreal, Canada.
The distributor claims to pay website owners and advertisers a 50% commission for sales, which are mostly over $200 for 4 bottles of the product. The company also distributes a mechanical penis stretcher and other pills claimed to be aphrodisiacs and to attract the opposite sex.
In January, 2008, OA Internet Services sued Essential Body Care, a former distributor, as well as its owner, for trademark infringement in New Jersey District Court. The suit accuses Essential Body Care of buying the product through a legitimate distributor, then re-selling the product without approval on amazon.com.
Ingredients.
Dodder seed (seman Cuscutae) 
Epimedium Sagittatum 4:1 Ext (bark) 
Ginkgo Biloba 
Panax Ginseng (root) 
Tribulus Terestris Powder 
Saw Palmetto Pwd 
Hawthorne Berry (Fructus Crataegi) 
Inosine Anhydrous 
Avena Sativa Ext 10:1 (Oat Straw Ext) 
Cayenne Pepper (Fruit) Pwd 
Other Ingredients: Magnesium Stearate

</doc>
<doc id="20440246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440246" title="Charge-exchange ionization">
Charge-exchange ionization

Charge-exchange ionization (also known as charge-transfer ionization) is a gas phase reaction between an ion and an atom or molecule in which the charge of the ion is transferred to the neutral species.
For example

</doc>
<doc id="20440260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440260" title="Napier (surname)">
Napier (surname)

Napier is a surname with an English, Scottish or Polish origin. The British surname "Napier" is derived from an occupational name for someone who sold or produced table linen; or for a naperer which was a servant who was responsible for the washing and storage of linen in a medieval household. The surname is derived from the Middle English, Old French "napier", "nappier" which is a derivative of the Old French "nappe" meaning "table cloth". The earliest occurrences of the surname is of a Peter "Napier" in 1148 in the Winton Domesday; Ralph (le) "Naper", "le Napier" in 1167–71; and Reginald "le Nappere" in 1225. The surname can also be a shortened form of the Polish surname "Napierala".

</doc>
<doc id="20440312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440312" title="Marie of Burgundy, Duchess of Cleves">
Marie of Burgundy, Duchess of Cleves

Marie of Burgundy, Duchess of Cleves (1393 – 30 October 1463) was the second child of John the Fearless and Margaret of Bavaria, and an elder sister of Philip the Good. Born in Dijon, she became the second wife of Adolph, Count of Mark in May 1415. He was made the 1st Duke of Cleves in 1417. They were the grandparents of King Louis XII of France and the great-grandparents of John III, Duke of Cleves, father of Anne of Cleves, who was fourth Queen consort of Henry VIII of England. By their daughter, Catherine, they were ancestors of Mary, Queen of Scots.
The Duke and Duchess of Cleves lived at Wijnendale Castle in West Flanders. She died in Cleves in present-day Monterberg, Kalkar.

</doc>
<doc id="20440400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440400" title="Henry Shoemaker Farmhouse">
Henry Shoemaker Farmhouse

The Henry Shoemaker Farmhouse is a "circa" 1810 Federal style farmhouse which was involved in the Battle of South Mountain in 1862. Located near the eastern end of Turner's Gap, the house was the center of a Union encampment and served as a field hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20440423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440423" title="History of tuberculosis">
History of tuberculosis

Consumption, phthisis, scrofula, Pott's disease, and the White Plague are all terms used to refer to tuberculosis throughout history. It is generally accepted that the microorganism originated from other, more primitive organisms of the same genus Mycobacterium. Contrary to previous findings stating that tuberculosis passed from other animals to humans, scientific research has revealed that tuberculosis passed from humans to other animals instead. Scientific work investigating the evolutionary origins of the "Mycobacterium tuberculosis" complex has concluded that the most recent common ancestor of the complex was a human-specific pathogen, which encountered an evolutionary bottleneck leading to diversification. Analysis of mycobacterial interspersed repetitive units has allowed dating of this "Mycobacterium tuberculosis" complex evolutionary bottleneck to approximately 40,000 years ago, which corresponds to the period subsequent to the expansion of "Homo sapiens sapiens" out of Africa. This analysis of mycobacterial interspersed repetitive units also dated the "Mycobacterium bovis" lineage as dispersing approximately 6,000 years ago, which may be linked to animal domestication and early farming. Human bones from the Neolithic show a presence of the bacteria. Although relatively little is known about its frequency before the 19th century, its incidence is thought to have peaked between the end of the 18th century and the end of the 19th century. Over time, the various cultures of the world gave the illness different names: "yaksma" (India), "phthisis" (Greek), "consumptione" (Latin) and "chaky oncay" (Incan), each of which make reference to the "drying" or "consuming" affect of the illness, cachexia. Its high mortality rate among middle-aged adults and the surge of Romanticism, which stressed feeling over reason, caused many to refer to the disease as the "romantic disease."
Distinct names.
Phthisis.
The term "phthisis" first appeared in Greek literature around 460 BC. Hippocrates identified the illness as the most common cause of illness in his time. He stated that it typically affected individuals between 18 and 35 and was nearly always fatal, leading him to forbid physicians from visiting victims of the disease to protect their reputations. Although Aristotle believed that the disease might be contagious, many of his contemporaries believed it to be hereditary. Galen, the most eminent Greek physician after Hippocrates, defined phthisis as the "ulceration of the lungs, thorax or throat, accompanied by a cough, fever, and consumption of the body by pus."
White Plague.
The tuberculosis epidemic in Europe, which probably started in the 17th century and which lasted two hundred years, was known as the Great White Plague. Death by tuberculosis was considered inevitable, being the principal cause of death in 1650. The high population density as well as the poor sanitary conditions that characterized most European and North American cities created a perfect environment for the propagation.
Tuberculosis in early civilization.
In 2008, evidence for tuberculosis infection was discovered in human remains from the Neolithic era dating from 9,000 years ago, in a settlement in the eastern Mediterranean. This finding was confirmed by morphological and molecular methods; to date it is the oldest evidence of tuberculosis infection in humans.
Evidence of the infection in humans was also found in a cemetery near Heidelberg, in the Neolithic bone remains that show evidence of the type of angulation often seen with spinal tuberculosis. Some authors call tuberculosis the first disease known to mankind.
Signs of the disease have also been found in Egyptian mummies dated between 3000 and 2400 BC.
The most convincing case was found in the mummy of priest Nesperehen, discovered by Grebart in 1881, which featured evidence of spinal tuberculosis with the characteristic psoas abscesses. Similar features were discovered on other mummies like that of the priest Philoc and throughout the cemeteries of Thebes.
It appears likely that Akhenaten and his wife Nefertiti both died from tuberculosis, and evidence indicates that hospitals for tuberculosis existed in Egypt as early as 1500 BC.
The Ebers papyrus, an important Egyptian medical treatise from around 1550 BC, describes a pulmonary consumption associated with the cervical lymph nodes. It recommended that it be treated with the surgical lancing of the cyst and the application of a ground mixture of acacia seyal, peas, fruits, animal blood, insect blood, honey and salt.
The Old Testament mentions a consumptive illness that would affect the Jewish people if they stray from God. It is listed in the section of curses given before they enter the land of Canaan.
The East.
Ancient India.
The first references to tuberculosis in Asian civilization is found in the Vedas. The oldest of them (Rigveda, 1500 BC) calls the disease "yaksma". The Atharvaveda calls it another name: "balasa". It is in the Atharvaveda that the first description of scrofula is given. The "Sushruta Samhita", written around 600 BC, recommends that the disease be treated with breast milk, various meats, alcohol and rest. The Yajurveda advises sufferers to move to higher altitudes.
Ancient China.
The first reference to tuberculosis in Chinese literature may appear in a medical text attributed to the legendary Emperor Shennong. The "Huangdi Neijing", another classic Chinese medical text, attributed to the legendary Yellow Emperor, describes a disease believed to be tuberculosis, called "xulao bing" ("weak consumptive disease"), characterized by persistent cough, abnormal appearance, fever, a weak and fast pulse, chest obstructions, and shortness of breath.
Classical antiquity.
The first classical text to mention the disease is Herodotus' Histories in which he relates how the generals of Xerxes abandoned the campaign against the Spartans due to a consumption.
Hippocrates, in Book 1 of his "Of the Epidemics," describes the characteristics of the disease: fever, colorless urine, cough resulting in a thick sputa, and loss of thirst and appetite. He notes that most of the sufferers became delirious before they succumbed to the disease. Hippocrates and many other at the time believed phthisis to be hereditary in nature. Curiously, one prominent figure that disagreed with the hereditary nature of phthisis was Aristotle, who believed that it was in fact contagious.
Pliny the Younger wrote a letter to Priscus in which he details the symptoms of phthisis as he saw them in Fannia:
Galen proposed a series of therapeutic treatments for the disease, including: opium as a sleeping agent and painkiller; blood letting; a diet of barley water, fish, and fruit. He also described the phyma (tumor) of the lungs, which is thought to correspond to the tubercles that form on the lung as a result of the disease.
Vitruvius noted that "cold in the windpipe, cough, plurisy, phthisis, spitting blood," were common diseases in regions where the wind blew from north to northwest, and advised that walls be so built as to shelter individuals from the winds.
Aretaeus was the first person to rigorously describe the symptoms of the disease in his text "De causis et signis diuturnorum morborum":
In his other book "De curatione diuturnorum morborum", he recommends that sufferers travel to high altitudes, travel by sea, eat a good diet and drink plenty of milk.
Pre-columbian America.
In South America, the first evidence of the disease is found in the Arawak culture around 1050 BC, although the most significant finding belongs to the mummy of an 8 to 10-year-old Nascan child from Hacienda Agua Sala, dated to 700 AD. Scientists were able to isolate evidence of the bacillus.
Europe: Middle Ages and Renaissance.
During the Middle Ages, no significant advances were made regarding tuberculosis. Avicenna and Rhazes continued to consider to believe the disease was both contagious and difficult to treat. Arnaldus de Villa Nova described etiopathogenic theory directly related to that of Hippocrates, in which a cold humor dripped from the head into the lungs.
In the Medieval Hungary many notes of the inquisition were taken while pagans were judged in trials, and one of them from the 12th century contained a very extensive explanation of the cause of illness. The judged pagans affirmed that the turbeculosis was produced when a dog shaped demon occupied the person's body and started to eat his lungs. When the possessed person coughed, then the demon was barking; and getting close to his objective, which was to kill the victim.
Royal touch.
With the spread of Christianity, monarchs were seen as religious figures with magical or curative powers. It was believed that royal touch, the touch of the sovereign of England or France, could cure diseases due to the divine right of sovereigns. King Henry IV of France usually performed the rite once a week, after taking communion. So common was this practice of royal healing in France, that scrofula became known as the ""mal du roi"" or the "King's Evil".
Initially, the touching ceremony was an informal process. Sickly individuals could petition the court for a royal touch and the touch would be performed at the King's earliest convenience. At times, the King of France would touch afflicted subjects during his royal walkabout. The rapid spread of tuberculosis across France and England, however, necessitated a more formal and efficient touching process. By the time of Louis XIV of France, placards indicating the days and times the King would be available for royal touches were posted regularly; sums of money were doled out as charitable support. In England, the process was extremely formal and efficient. As late as 1633, the Book of Common Prayer of the Anglican Church contained a Royal Touch ceremony. The monarch (king or queen), sitting upon a canopied throne, touched the afflicted individual, and then presented that individual with a coin – usually an Angel, a gold coin the value of which varied from about 6 shillings to about 10 shillings – by pressing it against the afflicted's neck.
Although the ceremony was of no medical value, members of the royal courts often propagandized that those receiving the royal touch were miraculously healed. André du Laurens, the senior physician of Henry IV, publicized findings that at least half of those that received the royal touch were cured within a few days. The royal touch remained popular into the 18th century. Parish registers from Oxfordshire, England include not only records of baptisms, marriages, and deaths, but also records of those eligible for the royal touch.
Contagion.
Girolamo Fracastoro became the first person to propose, in his work "De contagione", that phthisis was transmitted by an invisible "virus". Among his assertions were that the "virus" could survive between "two or three years" on the clothes of those suffering from the disease and that it was usually transmitted through direct contact or the discharged fluids of the infected, what he called "fomes". He noted that phthisis could be contracted without either direct contact or fomes, but was unsure of the process by which the disease propagated across distances.
Paracelsus's tartaric process.
Paracelsus advanced the belief that tuberculosis was caused by a failure of an internal organ to accomplish its alchemical duties. When this occurred in the lungs, stony precipitates would develop causing tuberculosis in what he called the "tartaric" process.
Seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.
Franciscus Sylvius began differentiating between the various forms of tuberculosis (pulmonary, ganglion). He was the first person to recognize that the skin ulcers caused by scrofula resembled tubercles seen in phthisis, noting that "phthisis is the scrofula of the lung" in his book "Opera Medica" published posthumously in 1679. Around the same time, Thomas Willis concluded that all diseases of the chest must ultimately lead to consumption. Willis did not know the exact cause of the disease but he blamed it on sugar or an acidity of the blood. Richard Morton published "Phthisiologia, seu exercitationes de Phthisi tribus libris comprehensae" in 1689, in which he emphasized the tubercle as the true cause of the disease. So common was the disease at the time that Morton is quoted as saying "I cannot sufficiently admire that anyone, at least after he comes to the flower of his youth, can dye without a touch of consumption."
In 1720, Benjamin Marten proposed in "A New Theory of Consumptions more Especially of Phthisis or Consumption of the Lungs" that the cause of tuberculosis was some type of "animacula"—microscopic living beings that are able to survive in a new body (similar to the ones described by Anton van Leeuwenhoek in 1695). The theory was roundly rejected and it took another 162 years before Robert Koch demonstrated it to be true.
In 1768, Robert Whytt gave the first clinical description of tuberculosis meningitis and in 1779, Percivall Pott, an English surgeon, described the vertebral lesions that carry his name. In 1761, Leopold Auenbrugger, an Austrian physician, developed the percussion method of diagnosing tuberculosis, a method rediscovered some years later in 1797 by Jean-Nicolas Corvisart of France. After finding it useful, Corvisart made it readily available to the academic community by translating it into French.
William Stark proposed that ordinary lung tubercles could eventually evolve into ulcers and cavities, believing that the different forms of tuberculosis were simply different manifestations of the same disease. Unfortunately, Stark died at the age of thirty (while studying scurvy) and his observations were discounted. In his "Systematik de speziellen Pathologie und Therapie", J. L. Schönlein, Professor of Medicine in Zurich, proposed that the word "tuberculosis" be used to describe the affliction of tubercles.
The incidence of tuberculosis grew progressively during the Middle Ages and Renaissance, displacing leprosy, peaking between the 18th and 19th century as field workers moved to the cities looking for work. When he released his study in 1808, William Woolcombe was astonished at the prevalence of tuberculosis in 18th century England. Of the 1,571 deaths in the English city of Bristol between 1790 and 1796, 683 were due to tuberculosis. Remote towns, initially isolated from the disease, slowly succumbed. The consumption deaths in the village of Holycross in Shropshire between 1750 and 1759 were one in six (1:6); ten years later, 1:3. In the metropolis of London, 1:7 died from consumption at the dawn of the 18th century, by 1750 that proportion grew to 1:5.25 and surged to 1:4.2 by around the start of the 19th century. The Industrial Revolution coupled with poverty and squalor created the optimal environment for the propagation of the disease.
Nineteenth century.
A romantic disease.
It was during this century that tuberculosis was dubbed the White Plague, "mal de vivir", and "mal du siècle". It was seen as a "romantic disease." Suffering from tuberculosis was thought to bestow upon the sufferer heightened sensitivity. The slow progress of the disease allowed for a "good death" as sufferers could arrange their affairs. The disease began to represent spiritual purity and temporal wealth, leading many young, upper-class women to purposefully pale their skin to achieve the consumptive appearance. British poet Lord Byron wrote, "I should like to die from consumption," helping to popularize the disease as the disease of artists. George Sand doted on her pthitic lover, Frédéric Chopin, calling him her "poor melancholy angel."
In France, at least five novels were published expressing the ideals of tuberculosis: Dumas's "La Dame aux camélias", Murger's "Scènes de la vie de Bohème", Hugo's "Les Misérables", the Goncourt brothers' "Madame Gervaisais" and "Germinie Lacerteux", and Rostand's "L'Aiglon". The portrayals by Dumas and Murger in turn inspired operatic depictions of consumption in Verdi's "La traviata" and Puccini's "La bohème". Even after medical knowledge of the disease had accumulated, the redemptive-spiritual perspective of the disease has remained popular (as seen in the 2001 film "Moulin Rouge" based in part on "La traviata" and the musical adaptations of "Les Misérables").
In large cities the poor had high rates of tuberculosis. Public-health physicians and politicians typically blamed both the poor themselves and their ramshackle tenement houses (conventillos) for the spread of the dreaded disease. People ignored public-health campaigns to limit the spread of contagious diseases, such as the prohibition of spitting on the streets, the strict guidelines to care for infants and young children, and quarantines that separated families from ill loved ones.
Scientific advances.
Though removed from the cultural movement, the scientific understanding advanced considerably. By the end of the 19th century, several major breakthroughs gave hope that a cause and cure might be found.
One of the most important physicians dedicated to the study of phthisiology was René Laennec, who died from the disease at the age of 45, after contracting tuberculosis while studying contagious patients and infected bodies. Laennec invented the stethoscope which he used to corroborate his auscultatory findings and prove the correspondence between the pulmonary lesions found on the lungs of autopsied tuberculosis patients and the respiratory symptoms seen in living patients. His most important work was "Traité de l’Auscultación Mediate" which detailed his discoveries on the utility of pulmonary auscultation in diagnosing tuberculosis. This book was promptly translated into English by John Forbes in 1821; it represents the beginning of the modern scientific understanding of tuberculosis. Laennec was named professional chair of Hôpital Necker in September 1816 and today he is considered the greatest French clinician.
Laennec's work put him in contact with the vanguard of the French medical establishment, including Pierre Charles Alexandre Louis. Louis would go on to use statistical methods to evaluate the different aspects of the disease's progression, the efficacy of various therapies and individuals' susceptibility, publishing an article in the "Annales d'hygiène publique" entitled "Note on the Relative Frequency of Phthisis in the Two Sexes." Another good friend and co-worker of Laennec, Gaspard Laurent Bayle, published an article in 1810 entitled "Recherches sur la Pthisie Pulmonaire", in which he divided pthisis into six types: tubercular phthisis, glandular phthisis, ulcerous phthisis, phthisis with melanosis, calculous phthisis, and cancerous phthisis. He based his findings on more than 900 autopsies.
In 1869, Jean Antoine Villemin demonstrated that the disease was indeed contagious, conducting an experiment in which tuberculous matter from human cadavers was injected into laboratory rabbits, who then became infected.
On 24 March 1882, Robert Koch revealed the disease was caused by an infectious agent. In 1895, Wilhelm Roentgen discovered the X-ray, which allowed physicians to diagnose and track the progression of the disease, and although an effective medical treatment would not come for another fifty years, the incidence and mortality of tuberculosis began to decline.
Robert Koch.
Villemin's experiments had confirmed the contagious nature of the disease and had forced the medical community to accept that tuberculosis was indeed an infectious disease, transmitted by some etiological agent of unknown origin. In 1882, Prussian physician Robert Koch utilized a new staining method and applied it to the sputum of tuberculosis patients, revealing for the first time the causal agent of the disease: "Mycobacterium tuberculosis", or Koch's bacillus.
When he began his investigation, Koch knew of the work of Villemin and others who had continued his experiments like Julius Conheim and Carl Salmosen. He also had access to the "pthisis ward" at the Berlin Charité Hospital. Before he confronted the problem of tuberculosis, he worked with the disease caused by anthrax and had discovered the causal agent to be "Bacillus anthracis". During this investigation he became friends with Ferdinand Cohn, the director of the Institute of Vegetable Physiology. Together they worked to develop methods of culturing tissue samples. 18 August 1881, while staining tuberculous material with methylene blue, he noticed oblong structures, though he was not able to ascertain whether it was just a result of the coloring. To improve the contrast, he decide to add Bismarck Brown, after which the oblong structures were rendered bright and transparent. He improved the technique by varying the concentration of alkali in the staining solution until the ideal viewing conditions for the bacilli was achieved.
After numerous attempts he was able to incubate the bacteria in coagulated blood serum at 37 degrees Celsius. He then inoculated laboratory rabbits with the bacteria and observed that they died while exhibiting symptoms of tuberculosis, proving that the bacillus, which he named "tuberculosis bacillus", was in fact the cause of tuberculosis.
He made his result public at the Physiological Society of Berlin on 24 March 1882, in a famous lecture entitled "Über Tuberculose", which was published three weeks later. Since 1882, 24 March has been known as World Tuberculosis Day.
On 20 April 1882, Koch presented an article entitled "Die Ätiologie der Tuberculose" in which he demonstrated that "Mycobacterium" was the single cause of tuberculosis in all of its forms.
In 1890 Koch developed tuberculin, a purified protein derivative of the bacteria. It proved to be an ineffective means of immunization but in 1908, Charles Mantoux found it was an effective intradermic test for diagnosing tuberculosis.
Sanatorium movement.
The advancement of scientific understanding of tuberculosis, and its contagious nature created the need for institutions to house sufferers.
The first proposal for a tuberculosis facility was made in paper by George Bodington entitled "An essay on the treatment and cure of pulmonary consumption, on principles natural, rational and successful" in 1840. In this paper, he proposed a dietary, rest, and medical care program for a hospital he planned to found in Maney. Attacks from numerous medical experts, especially articles in "The Lancet", disheartened Bodington and he turned to plans for housing the insane.
Around the same time in the United States, in late October and early November 1842, Dr. John Croghan, the owner of Mammoth Cave, brought 15 tuberculosis sufferers into the cave in the hope of curing the disease with the constant temperature and purity of the cave air. Patients were lodged in stone huts, and each was supplied with a slave to bring meals. One patient, A. H. P. Anderson, wrote glowing reviews of the cave experience:
By late January, early February 1843, two patients were dead and the rest had left. Departing patients died anywhere from three days to three weeks after resurfacing; John Croghan died of tuberculosis at his Louisville residence in 1849.
Hermann Brehmer, a German physician, was convinced that tuberculosis arose from the difficulty of the heart to correctly irrigate the lungs. He therefore proposed that regions well above sea level, where the atmospheric pressure was less, would help the heart function more effectively. With the encouragement of explorer Alexander von Humboldt and his teacher J. L. Schönlein, the first anti-tuberculosis sanatorium was established in 1854, 650 meters above sea level, at Görbersdorf. Three years later he published his findings in a paper "Die chronische Lungenschwindsucht und Tuberkulose der Lunge: Ihre Ursache und ihre Heilung".
Brehmer and one of his patients, Peter Dettweiler, became proponents for the sanatorium movement, and by 1877, sanatoriums began to spread beyond Germany and throughout Europe. In 1885, Edward L. Trudeau founded Adirondack Cottage Sanitarium, the first tuberculosis sanatorium in the United States, at Saranac Lake, New York. Peter Dettweiler went on to found his own sanatorium at Falkenstein in 1877 and in 1886 published findings claiming that 132 of his 1022 patients had been completely cured after staying at his institution. Eventually, sanatoriums began to appear near large cities and at low altitudes, like the Sharon Sanatorium in 1890 near Boston.
Sanatoriums were not the only treatment facilities. Specialized tuberculosis clinics began to develop in major metropolitan areas. Sir Robert Philip established the Royal Victoria Dispensary for Consumption in Edinburgh in 1887. Dispensaries acted as special sanatoriums for early tuberculosis cases and were opened to lower income individuals. The use of dispensaries to treat middle and lower-class individuals in major metropolitan areas and the coordination between various levels of health services programs like hospitals, sanatoriums, and tuberculosis colonies became known as the "Edinburgh Anti-tuberculosis Scheme."
Twentieth century.
Containment.
At the beginning of the 20th century, tuberculosis was one of the UK’s most urgent health problems. A royal commission was set up in 1901, The Royal Commission Appointed to Inquire into the Relations of Human and Animal Tuberculosis. Its remit was to find out whether tuberculosis in animals and humans was the same disease, and whether animals and humans could infect each other. By 1919, the Commission had evolved into the UK's Medical Research Council.
In 1902, the International Conference on Tuberculosis convened in Berlin. Among various other acts, the conference proposed the Cross of Lorraine be the international symbol of the fight against tuberculosis. National campaigns spread across Europe and the United States to tamp down on the continued prevalence of tuberculosis.
After the establishment in the 1880s that the disease was contagious, TB was made a notifiable disease in Britain; there were campaigns to stop spitting in public places, and the infected poor were pressured to enter sanatoria that resembled prisons; the sanatoria for the middle and upper classes offered excellent care and constant medical attention. Whatever the purported benefits of the fresh air and labor in the sanatoria, even under the best conditions, 50% of those who entered were dead within five years (1916).
The promotion of Christmas Seals began in Denmark during 1904 as a way to raise money for tuberculosis programs. It expanded to the United States and Canada in 1907–1908 to help the National Tuberculosis Association (later called the American Lung Association).
In the United States, concern about the spread of tuberculosis played a role in the movement to prohibit public spitting except into spittoons.
Vaccines.
The first genuine success in immunizing against tuberculosis was developed from attenuated bovine-strain tuberculosis by Albert Calmette and Camille Guérin in 1906. It was called "BCG" ("Bacille Calmette-Guérin"). The BCG vaccine was first used on humans in 1921 in France, but it was not until after World War II that BCG received widespread acceptance in the United States, Great Britain, and Germany.
Treatments.
As the century progressed, some surgical interventions, including the pneumothorax or plombage technique—collapsing an infected lung to "rest" it and allow the lesions to heal—were used to treat tuberculosis. Pneumothorax was not a new technique by any means. In 1696, Giorgio Baglivi reported a general improvement in tuberculosis sufferers after they received sword wounds to the chest. F.H. Ramage induced the first successful therapeutic pneumothorax in 1834, and reported subsequently the patient was cured. It was in the 20th century, however, that scientists sought to rigorously investigate the effectiveness of such procedures. In 1939, the "British Journal of Tuberculosis" published a study by Oli Hjaltested and Kjeld Törning on 191 patients undergoing the procedure between 1925 and 1931; in 1951, Roger Mitchell published several articles on the therapeutic outcomes of 557 patients treated between 1930 and 1939 at Trudeau Sanatorium in Saranac Lake. The search for a medicinal cure, however, continued in earnest.
In 1944 Albert Schatz, Elizabeth Bugie, and Selman Waksman isolated "Streptomyces griseus" or streptomycin, the first antibiotic and first bacterial agent effective against "M. tuberculosis". This discovery is generally considered the beginning of the modern era of tuberculosis, although the true revolution began some years later, in 1952, with the development of isoniazid, the first oral mycobactericidal drug. The advent of rifampin in the 1970s hastened recovery times, and significantly reduced the number of tuberculosis cases until the 1980s.
Tuberculosis resurgence.
Hopes that the disease could be completely eliminated were dashed in the 1980s with the rise of drug-resistant strains. Tuberculosis cases in Britain, numbering around 117,000 in 1913, had fallen to around 5,000 in 1987, but cases rose again, reaching 6,300 in 2000 and 7,600 cases in 2005. Due to the elimination of public health facilities in New York and the emergence of HIV, there was a resurgence of TB in the late 1980s. The number of patients failing to complete their course of drugs is high. New York had to cope with more than 20,000 TB patients with multidrug-resistant strains (resistant to, at least, both rifampin and isoniazid).
In response to the resurgence of tuberculosis, the World Health Organization issued a declaration of a global health emergency in 1993. Every year, nearly half a million new cases of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) are estimated to occur worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20440428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440428" title="2001–02 Syracuse Orangemen basketball team">
2001–02 Syracuse Orangemen basketball team

The 2001–02 Syracuse Orangemen basketball team represented Syracuse University in NCAA men's basketball competition in the 2001–02 Division I season. The head coach was Jim Boeheim, serving for his 26th year. The team played its home games at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse, New York. The team finished with a 23–13 (9–7) record, while making it to the Final Four round of the NIT tournament. The team was led by senior Preston Shumpert and juniors Kueth Duany and DeShaun Williams. Seniors Billy Celuck, sophomores Jeremy McNeil and James Thues and freshmen Craig Forth and Josh Pace and Hakim Warrick were also major contributors.

</doc>
<doc id="20440429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440429" title="Canadia (genus)">
Canadia (genus)

Canadia (meaning "of Canada" or "after Canada") is a genus of extinct annelid worm present in Burgess Shale type Konservat-Lagerstätte. It is found in strata dating back to the Delamaran stage of the Middle Cambrian around 505 million years ago, during the time of the Cambrian explosion. It was about 3 centimeters (1.18 in) in length. Charles Doolittle Walcott named "Canadia" in 1911 after Canada, the country from which its remains have been found. 
Description.
The most notable feature of "Canadia" is the many notosetae (rigid setae extending from dorsal branches of notopodia) along the back of the animal that are characteristic of polychaete worms. It has been suggested that these notosetae may have been iridescent when the organism was alive due to evidence of diffraction gratings found on the surface of some fossils. Tentacles extended from the prostomium and may have served as sensory organs. The gut of "Canadia" was straight and had the ability to extend out of the body in the form of a proboscis, suggesting that the animal was carnivorous. This is further evidenced by the lack of sediments found in the gut that would be present in a benthic detritivore. "Canadia" is thought to have swum above the seafloor as a primary means of locomotion by beating its numerous notosetae. It would also have had the ability to creep along the seafloor using the ventral counterpart of the notopodia, which are termed neuropodia (in reference to the proximity to the paired, ventral nerve cords characteristic of annelids). "Canadia" grew to 2-8 inches (5-20 centimeters) long.
Classification.
There has been some debate as to the placement of "Canadia" within the Annelida phylum. Although it is commonly accepted to be within Annelida, it is uncertain how it relates to modern annelids. Most paleontologists agree that it belongs to the class Polychaeta due in part to the presence of Parapodium. It has been proposed to be a member of the order Phyllodocida along with "Wiwaxia", another organism from the Burgess Shale. Both were placed in a new superfamily called Canadiacea, and were thought to be of closer relationship to each other than to modern annelids. However, "Wiwaxia" is no longer believed to have been an annelid and there is currently dispute as to whether or not "Canadia" should be classified as belonging to anything more derived than Polychaeta.

</doc>
<doc id="20440482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440482" title="De Pippini regis Victoria Avarica">
De Pippini regis Victoria Avarica

Rythmus (or Carmen) de Pippini regis Victoria Avarica ("Poem of king Pippin's Avar victory"), also known by its incipit as Omnes gentes qui fecisti ("All peoples whom you created"), is a medieval Latin encomium celebrating the victory of King Pepin of Italy over the Avars in the summer of 796. It is associated with an experimental trend of the Carolingian Renaissance and, though its author, probably a cleric, is unknown, is associated with the Veronese "school" of poets, one of whom, at the same time, produced the "Versus de Verona", praising the royal capital of Italy, where it and "De Pippini" were probably written. 
"De Pippini" is usually classified as a "popular ballad", though it does not fit stereotypes of either popular or learned literature and has been likened more to a "chanson de geste". It contains some vulgarisms in grammar, orthography, syntax, style, and form, but much of its hybrid nature is probably purposed. Despite this, and its unusual metre, its rhythm is regular. It contains fifteen stanzas and a final line. 
Historically, the Avars settled in Pannonia in a series of ring-shaped fortresses arranged in an even larger ring. An Avar army first appeared on the borders of the Carolingian world in 782 at the river Enns. They were defeated in 795 by Duke Eric of Friuli, who sent an enormous booty to the imperial capital of Aachen; one of their princes, a "tudun", submitted and did homage. In 796 Pepin forced their supreme prince to likewise submit. Structurally, the poet moves from divine praise, a condemnation of the Avars (in language similar to that found in contemporary annals), a narrative of events (including dialogue), and finally praise of its hero, Pepin. The words put in the mouth of the defeated Avar leader, the Kagan ("Cacanus"), mirror contemporary legal formulae of submission. The Kagan, and his wife Catuna, had previously been warned by one of his men, Unguimer, that his kingdom would fall to the "princeps catholicus" (catholic prince) Pepin. At the news of Pepin's approaching army, the Kagan, "cum Tarcan primatibus", went to do him homage. The final stanzas, with the acclamatory "Vivat, vivat rex Pippinus" ("Long live king Pepin!") at stanza 14 and the final line of "Gloria aeterna patri, gloria sit filio" ("Eternal glory be to the Father, glory to His son"), suggest public recitation and liturgical influence. 
The poem was translated into English by Jack Lindsay in "Medieval Latin Poets" (E. Mathews and Marrot, 1934). It was also translated into English and published in booklet form in a limited edition of 300 copies: Bill Griffiths (1976), "The Song of the Hunnish Victory of Pippin the King" (Earthgrip Press, ISBN 0-905-34102-3). Its most recent translator, Peter Godman (1985), "Latin Poetry of the Carolingian Renaissance" (Norman: University of Oklahoma Press), titled it "King Pippin's victory over the Avars". The first stanza in the original Latin, as edited by Godman, goes:
The first stanza of Godman's verse translation goes:
Paul von Winterfeld produced a liberal German translation, the first stanza of which goes:

</doc>
<doc id="20440516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440516" title="Challenger Secondary School">
Challenger Secondary School

Challenger Secondary School is a public secondary school in Spanaway, Washington. The school serves grades 10-12 and graduates 100 to 130 students each year. To enroll, students must meet certain requirements, and unlike other high schools in the district, a normal school day at Challenger is 2½ hours long. Students are trusted to have done three hours of homework each night.
Challenger is a part of Bethel School District.

</doc>
<doc id="20440575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440575" title="Princess Elisabeth of Thurn and Taxis">
Princess Elisabeth of Thurn and Taxis

Princess Elisabeth of Thurn and Taxis (German: "Elisabeth Maria Maximiliana, Prinzessin von Thurn und Taxis") (28 May 1860, Dresden, Kingdom of Saxony – 7 February 1881, Ödenburg, Austrian Empire) 
Life.
Elisabeth was a Princess of Thurn and Taxis by birth and an Infanta of Portugal, Princess of Braganza, and titular Queen consort of Portugal through her marriage to Miguel, Duke of Braganza, Miguelist claimant to the throne of Portugal from 1866 to 1920.
Elisabeth was the second eldest child and daughter of Maximilian Anton Lamoral, Hereditary Prince of Thurn and Taxis and his wife Duchess Helene in Bavaria.
Marriage and Issue.
Elisabeth married Miguel, Duke of Braganza, only son and second eldest child of Miguel of Portugal and his wife Adelaide of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg, on 17 October 1877 in Regensburg, Kingdom of Bavaria.
Elisabeth and Miguel had three children:
The couple moved to Austria, where on 22 September 1878 in Reichenau an der Rax, her first son, Miguel Maximiliano, was born. It was after this birth that Elisabeth's health began to deteriorate. Elisabeth died at the age of 20 in Ödenburg shortly after the birth of her third child, Maria Teresa.
Elisabeth's mother Helene withdrew after her death more and more from public life. Her husband Miguel eventually remarried on 8 November 1893 in Kleinheubach to Princess Maria Theresa of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20440585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440585" title="Rob Jungklas">
Rob Jungklas

Rob Jungklas.
Rob Jungklas is an Memphis, Tennessee-based musician, singer and songwriter.
Jungklas worked in the Memphis-based music circuit for 15 years before signing a deal with Manhattan Records and releasing the album "Closer to the Flame" in 1986. The album contained the minor hit "Make It Mean Something" which reached #86 on the Billboard Hot 100. Another song, "Boystown," had a video directed by Godley & Creme (in the same rapid-jump-cut style of their video for Wang Chung's "Everybody Have Fun Tonight"). "Hello Heaven," another song on the album, appeared on the soundtrack of the 1987 movie "The Principal". 
Jungklas recorded a second album that was not released; he then moved to RCA Records, where his album "Work Songs for a New Moon" was released in 1989. The album was not a commercial success, and he left the label. Jungklas then left the music business; he married, earned a college degree and got a job teaching English and science at the Hutchison School in Memphis. He moved to work at St. Georges Collierville working as a 7th grade science teacher. Jungklas began playing music again in 2001, and released the album "Arkadelphia" in 2003 on Memphis-based label Madjack Records. Its blues-based sound was a major departure from his rock-oriented 1980s releases. Jungklas played several shows opening for Lucinda Williams in support of the album. Jungklas released another blues-based album, "Gully", in 2007. In August 2010, he released Mapping the Wreckage.

</doc>
<doc id="20440614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440614" title="Country Weather">
Country Weather

Country Weather is a psychedelic rock band that were closely associated with the San Francisco music scene of the late 1960s.
Originally named The Virtues, the band was formed in the San Francisco suburb of Walnut Creek, California, by high school students Dave Carter (vocals, bass),Denny Rogan (lead guitar) and Steve Derr (vocals, rhythm guitar) in 1966. They were initially joined by Paul White and Craig T. Nelson, who were soon replaced by Greg Douglass (lead guitar) and Bill Baron (drums).
In 1967 the band changed their name to Country Weather, at the suggestion of San Francisco music promoter Chet Helms. Chet also suggested that the band stop playing cover versions and concentrate on writing their own original material. Soon after, they began opening for various psychedelic bands at key counter-culture venues in San Francisco, including the Avalon Ballroom, the Fillmore Auditorium, and Winterland.
Although Country Weather never signed to a major record label or released any singles or albums during their 1960s heyday, they did record a five song promotional demo in 1969 to help them get gigs. 50 copies of this demo record were produced (making it a much sought-after rarity among collectors) and it received considerable airplay on local radio stations.
Country Weather disbanded in 1973 when Greg Douglass left the band to join Mistress. Later he joined the Steve Miller Band and has also played as a sideman to established artists, including Van Morrison. Dave Carter went on to play with Quicksilver Messenger Service and also played with former Moby Grape member, Skip Spence.
The group reformed in 2000, for a benefit show to help raise funds for a liver transplant for a friend of the band. The result was a full reformation, with Greg Douglass and Bill Baron being replaced by Graham Cooper (guitar), and Lloyd Ferris (drums).
The band released their first CD in 2003, entitled "Makin' Music Again". This 13 track CD featured new and vintage songs, including a recording of "Yes That's Right" taken from a Fillmore Auditorium show in July 1969. In 2005, a double vinyl LP entitled "Country Weather" was released by RD Records. This double album featured the band’s 1969 five song demo, previously unreleased live recordings from summer 1970 and a studio session from 1971. To date, the "Country Weather" double album has not been issued on CD.
In 2007, the band’s signature song, "Fly to New York", appeared on Rhino Records’ "" compilation, which was nominated for a Grammy in the historical category. When Rolling Stone magazine reviewed the album for their October edition, they cited "Fly to New York" as a "great freakout". In February 2009, Country Weather released a 3 song demo CD recorded in 2008 and 2009, which included a new recording of "Fly to New York".

</doc>
<doc id="20440620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440620" title="Bittersweet (Big Head Todd and the Monsters song)">
Bittersweet (Big Head Todd and the Monsters song)

"Bittersweet" was the debut single from Boulder, Colorado based rock band Big Head Todd and the Monsters' third album and major label debut "Sister Sweetly", which eventually went platinum. The song was their third biggest success charting at number 14 on the Mainstream Rock Chart. It also "bubbled under" the Billboard Hot 100 at number 104.
"Bittersweet" had previously appeared on Big Head Todd & the Monsters' independently produced live album "Midnight Radio" three years earlier in 1990. 

</doc>
<doc id="20440664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440664" title="Dush, Albania">
Dush, Albania

Dush (also known as Dushi, Dusi-Eper, and Dushi i Epërmë) is a village in the Qerret municipality, Pukë District, Shkodër County, northern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20440682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440682" title="Ralph Burkei">
Ralph Burkei

Ralph Burkei (15 December 1956, Munich – 26 November 2008) was a German TV producer and co-owner of the Bavarian production company C.A.M.P. TV. He was also active in Bavarian local politics with the Munich CSU party and was its treasurer from 2000 to 2004. At one time, he was vice-president of the TSV 1860 München and president of the VfB Leipzig football teams. Burkei died on the way to hospital after fleeing armed attackers and falling from the facade of the Taj Mahal hotel during the 2008 Mumbai attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="20440694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440694" title="James D. Miller">
James D. Miller

James D. Miller was a steamboat captain in the Pacific Northwest from 1851 to 1903. He became well known for his long length of service, the large number of vessels he commanded, and the many different geographical areas in which he served.
Early life and migration to Oregon.
Capt.. James D. Miller was born in New York or New Jersey in 1830, and arrived on the Pacific Coast in 1848. Arriving in Oregon Miller traded his horses and mules for an acre of land just north of Oregon City, Oregon at a place called Clackamas City.
Flatboat navigation on the Willamette.
In the spring of 1850, Miller began running a flatboat between Canemah just above Willamette Falls on the Willamette River and Dayton, on the Yamhill River. Miller built a flatboat 65 feet long, which was capable of hauling 350 bushels of wheat. He hired four members of the Klickitat First Nation as crew and poled and rowed the boat up the Yamhill River to Dayton and Lafayette. It took two days to go up from Canemah, and one day to return. Miller charged $35 a ton to haul cargo to upriver farmers, mostly consignments from merchants on the lower Willamette (the part of the river below Willamette Falls). Coming down river Miller charged 50 cents a bushel to carry out the farmers' wheat. His chief expenses were the salaries of his First Nations crew, which were $16 per man for each trip.
Start in steamboating.
Miller had been in the flatboat business for about a year when on May 19, 1851, the first steamboat appeared on the upper Willamette. This was the small sidewheeler "Hoosier". Although small and crude, "Hoosier" was capable of hauling much more cargo and wheat than any flatboat. Miller was soon out of business, however he did manage to be hired by "Hoosier'"s owner, John Zumwalt. On board "Hoosier", Miller worked as the bookkeeper, purser, pilot, deckhand and roustabout. In the fall of 1856 with his brother-in-law Silas R. Smith, Miller bought "Hoosier" and the next year built another steamboat "Hoosier No. 2" and operated the vessel on the Willamette between Champoeg and Butteville and up the Yamhill River. Later, they rebuilt "Hoosier' No. 2" and called her "Hoosier No. 3". 
In 1858 Miller sold an interest in "Hoosier No. 3" to E.M. White and with his associates purchased the sternwheeler "James Clinton" and ran her until April 23, 1861, when the "Clinton" was destroyed by a dockside fire at Linn City, Oregon. In 1860 he took the machinery out of "Hoosier" and placed it in the steam scow "Yamhill".
Snake River mines and purchase of the "Unio"/"Union".
Soon after this Miller sold his interest in "Yamhill" to Capt. John T. Apperson, and with Capt. George A. Pease went to the Snake River mines. Meanwhile Apperson had built the sternwheeler "Unio" whose unusual name derived from Captain Apperson's uncertainty about who might prevail in the American Civil War which had just begun, as well as a significant number of Confederate sympathizers who might be among his customers. Returning from there in December, 1861, Miller bought the "Unio" from Captain Apperson, and, not caring what his Southern-inclined customers might think, quickly added the final "n" to her name.
House washed away by flood.
Miller's home was destroyed, along with most of Linn City, in a flood of the Willamette River on December 1, 1861. Miller's home was thought to be the safest structure in the town, and other people sheltered there. But as the water rose, it became obvious they would have to evacuate the structure, which was done just before the building was swept away.
Steamboat pilot on the Willamette.
Except for a short time in 1862, when he was on the "Mountain Buck" and "Julia Barclay", Miller ran "Union" on the Willamette River until 1866 when the vessel was acquired by the People's Transportation Company. From the "Union" Miler went as pilot on the "Fanny Patton" with Capt. George Jerome. After that, Miller moved to the "Enterprise" (built 1863) with Capt. Sebastian "Bas" Miller, remaining with "Enterprise" until that vessel was dismantled.
In 1868 Miller piloted the new steamer "Albany" with Capt. Lon Vickers. After a short term on "Albany" Miller entered the milling business at Oregon City. Soon afterward he served on the People's Transportation Company's steamers "Onward", "Senator" and "E.N. Cooke" Miller was a passenger on "Senator" when she was blown up in 1875 near the Alder Street dock in Portland, Oregon. The Miller next day took command of the "E. N. Cooke", and ran her until the Oregon Steam Navigation Company absorbed the People's Transportation Company.
Financial losses in the flour business.
In 1878 he purchased C. P. Church's interest in some flour mills, and also bought the steamer "A.A. McCully. Miller removed the geared machinery from 'A.A. 'McCully" and installed it in the steamer "Success". Miller ran "Success" up the Willamette River to Eugene, Oregon. In 1879 Miller suffered some financial reverses, losing not only his mill interest but "Success" as well, which he had turned over to Z.J. Hatch. Miller then took command of the "City of Salem", and ran her until 1881 for William Reid, carrying railroad material to Ray's Landing and Dayton, Oregon.
Work in Idaho and eastern Washington.
For health reasons Miller resigned from the command of "City of Salem", and with Church and others bought the flour mills at Walla Walla, Wash. Terr.. From there Miller went to Sand Point, Idaho and ran the "Henry Villard" on Lake Pend Oreille. From the "Henry Villard" he went to the "Katie Hallett", running on the Clarks Fork Yellowstone River.
Return to the Willamette Valley.
In the spring of 1882 Miller returned to Walla Walla, sold out the mill and went to Dayton, Oregon. In 1886 he retired to a farm, returning to the river again in 1889, again running the "City of Salem", this time between Fulquartz and Ray's landings until 1890.
Construction of sternwheeler "Norma" in Idaho.
Miller then went to Huntington, Oregon and superintended the building of the "Norma", making the first trip with her into the Seven Devils' Country. This was a run 60 miles downriver into Hells Canyon to Seven Devils Landing, and then back upriver to Huntington. Returning to Portland he served on the "Governor Newell", "Three Sisters", "Toledo" and "Joseph Kellogg" during 1891-92.
Relocation to the Kootenay region.
In 1893, Miller went to Montana and took command of the steamer "Annerly", running on the upper Kootenay River between Jennings, Montana and Fort Steele, BC.. He remained there until August 1894, when he went to Puget Sound, purchased the steamer "Halys", and had her shipped inland to be placed on the lower Kootenai River, running out of Bonner's Ferry, Idaho. Miller commanded steamboats in the Kootanay region until 1901.
Destruction of the "Gwendoline".
Completion of the British Columbia Southern Railway in October 1898 had the effect of idling the three major steamboats on the upper Kootenay River, all of which Miller had commanded at various times: "J.D. Farrell", "North Star", and "Gwendoline". Miller had the idea of moving "Gwendoline" by rail to the Lardeau River and Kootenay Lake which appeared to be a route where she could generate revenue. (The Kootenay River, which ultimately flowed into Kootenay Lake, was unnavigable below Jennings because of Kootenay Falls. Miller paid $500 in shipping fees and arranged to have "Gwendoline" loaded on three flat cars. The rail line tracked along the canyon face, and at one point there appeared to be not enough room for the steamer to squeeze past. The rail crew shifted the steamer over away from the cliff face and a bit closer to the canyon rim. Unfortunately the steamer was shifted too far, and tipped over off the flat cars and tumbled down into the canyon, landing bottom up, a total loss.
Steamboat operations out of Wenatchee.
In 1902 to 1903, Miller commanded steamboats on the reach of the Columbia River above Wenatchee, Washington.
Death and legacy.
Captain Miller died in 1914 in Oregon. Probably no other person had a longer career in the steamboat business in the Pacific Northwest. Over the course of his career, Miller commanded 36 steamboats, on the Tualatin, Willamette, Columbia and Kootenay rivers, among which were the vessels already named as well as "Elwood", "Multnomah", "Undine", and "Chelan". Captain Miller's son, James D. Miller, was also a steamboat pilot.

</doc>
<doc id="20440721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440721" title="Fauna of Bihar">
Fauna of Bihar

The Ganges River dolphin, or “susu” occur in the Ganges and Brahmaputra, south Asia’s largest river systems. It can now be considered amongst the most endangered mammals of the region.
The Ganges River dolphin ranges from 2.3 to 2.6 meters in length. The tail fluke is on average 46 cm in width. Females are larger than males. The color of this dolphin varies from lead-colored to black. The undersides are lighter in color. The rostrum is 18 to 21 cm in length and the forehead is steep and rises abruptly from the base of the snout. The dorsal fin is rudimentary and ridge-like, and the ends of the pectoral fins are squared instead of tapered. The neck is visibly constricted and the blowhole is a longitudinal slit. There are 28 to 29 teeth on either side of the jaw. The eye and optic nerve of the Ganges river dolphin are degenerate. The eye lacks a lens and is therefore incapable of forming images on the retina. However, it functions in light-detection. It is believed that the lack of a true visual apparatus in the river dolphin is related to its habitat; the water in which it lives is so muddied that vision in essentially useless.
Valmiki National Park, West Champaran district, covering about 800 km² of forest, is the 18th Tiger Reserve of India, and is ranked fourth in terms of density of tiger population. It has diverse landscapes, sheltering rich wildlife habitats and floral and faunal composition, with the prime protected carnivores.

</doc>
<doc id="20440753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440753" title="Consolidated Telephone">
Consolidated Telephone

Consolidated Telephone is a subsidiary of Consolidated Companies, Inc., a family owned, full-service telecommunications company, serving 26 communities and nearly in west central Nebraska. Consolidated offers telephone, cable television and broadband internet, distance learning, business networking and communications systems, as well as construction services.

</doc>
<doc id="20440819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440819" title="McHenry Venaani">
McHenry Venaani

McHenry Venaani (born 8 September 1977 in Windhoek) is a Namibian politician and the president of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance, a party with 2 seats in the National Assembly of Namibia. Venaani is currently not himself a member of the National Assembly, but was between 2002 and 2010. At the time of appointment in 2002, he was Namibia's youngest ever MP.
Education.
Venaani is a graduate of Dawid Bezuidenhout High School in Khomasdal, Windhoek. He is a current student at the University of Wolverhampton.
Career.
Considered a rising star in the DTA, Venaani ran for the top position in the party in 2005 against Katuutire Kaura. In said election, Venaani lost and lost his position as party secretary general. In November 2008, the Windhoek native retook his position as secretary general, beating Alois Gende 111-35 in party elections.
Venaani was placed on DTA's electoral list prior to the 2009 general election, but the party did not receive enough votes for his re-election. In the 2013 DTA elective central committee meeting, Venaani defeated Kaura 96-52 and assumed the party presidency. When Kaura was expelled from the DTA in February 2014, Venaani also took over his seat in Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="20440831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440831" title="Tupchi, Afghanistan">
Tupchi, Afghanistan

Tupchi (also Topchi, Topci, and Kala Topchi) is a village in Bamyan Province, Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="20440901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440901" title="Friedrich Wilhelm von Leysser">
Friedrich Wilhelm von Leysser

Friedrich Wilhelm von Leysser (March 7, 1731 – October 10, 1815); (surname sometimes given as Leyser) was a German botanist who was a native of Magdeburg. He served as counsellor ("Kriegsrat" and "Domänenrat") to the king of Prussia.
He was the author of "Flora Halensis" (Flora of Halle) (1761), and was the first president of "Naturforschende Gesellschaft zu Halle". The plant genus "Leyssera" (Leysera) from the family Asteraceae is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20440938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440938" title="Boulder Station">
Boulder Station

Boulder Station is a casino and hotel located in Sunrise Manor, Nevada on Boulder Highway. Owned by Station Casinos, the hotel opened on August 23, 1994, and has a casino. The hotel tower contains 300 rooms and suites and includes five restaurants.
The Railhead, Boulder Station's music venue, has won a special award from the Academy of Music for its spotlight of up and coming local bands.

</doc>
<doc id="20440969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440969" title="Randy Scott Santana">
Randy Scott Santana

Randy Scott Santana (born January 1, 1983 in Tomatlán, Jalisco, México) is a Mexican football defender. 
He is currently playing for Tecos UAG. So far, Tecos has been the only team for which Santana has played for since he made his professional debut in 2004. He debuted in the Mexican First Division on November 13, 2004 in a 2-2 draw with Chivas de Guadalajara.

</doc>
<doc id="20440974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20440974" title="God's Helicopter">
God's Helicopter

"God's Helicopter" is a young-adult novel by the American writer Lee Gutkind. 
It is set in 1950s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania when Dwight Eisenhower was president, Ralph Kiner was the left fielder for the Pittsburgh Pirates and the greatest man to ever live, according to the twelve-year-old Willie Heinemann, protagonist of this novel. His friend Ronald Middlebaum, however, fights a life-threatening illness and Willie seeks to understand a God who wants Middlebaum dead.

</doc>
<doc id="20441017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441017" title="Bankrate">
Bankrate

Bankrate, Inc. is a consumer financial services company based in North Palm Beach, Florida, in the United States. Bankrate.com, perhaps its best known brand, is a personal finance website. Other operations include NetQuote.
History.
Bankrate was founded in 1976 as a print publisher of the "Bank Rate Monitor." In 1996, the company began moving its business online. Today, Bankrate, Inc.'s online network includes Bankrate.com as well as CreditCards.com, Interest.com, Bankaholic.com, Mortgage-calc.com, CreditCardGuide.com, Nationwide Card Services, InsuranceQuotes.com, CarInsuranceQuotes.com, AutoInsuranceQuotes.com, InsureMe, Bankrate.com.cn, CreditCards.ca, NetQuote.com, and CD.com. The online network received over 150 million visits in 2010. In January 2011, Bankrate completed the acquisition of Trouve Media. In December 2011, Bankrate completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of InsWeb Corporation for $65 million in cash. And in March 2012, Bankrate acquired InsuranceAgents.com.
After spending 10 years as a public company traded on the NASDAQ, Bankrate was acquired in 2009 by Apax Partners in a transaction valued at approximately $571 million.
In June 2011, Bankrate raised a total of $300 million in gross proceeds with a successful Initial Public Offering on the New York Stock Exchange. In December 2011, Bankrate priced a secondary offering of 12.5 million shares at $17.50 per share.
Services.
Bankrate aggregates rate information from over 4,800 institutions on more than 300 financial products. With coverage of nearly 600 local markets in all 50 U.S. states, Bankrate generates over 172,000 distinct rate tables capturing on average over three million pieces of information daily. Bankrate develops and provides web services to over 75 co-branded websites with online partners, including some of the most trusted and frequently visited personal finance sites on the Internet such as Yahoo!, AOL, CNBC and Bloomberg. In addition, Bankrate licenses editorial content to over 100 newspapers on a daily basis including The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, The New York Times, The Los Angeles Times and The Boston Globe.
Bankrate's unique selling proposition is to provide consumers with accurate and objective information to help them take informed financial decisions. On the financial institutions' side, Bankrate generates highly qualified customer leads as a way to monetize the investments it makes in the content side.
Honors.
In October 2012, Advertising Age ranked Bankrate as the fifth fastest-growing media company. Bankrate's "Financial Regulation, One Year Later" package earned a 2012 "Best in Business" award from the Society of American Business Editors and Writers (SABEW). Bankrate won two SABEW Awards in 2011: Holden Lewis' mortgage blog and Bankrate's explanatory series on financial reform were honored. Bankrate writers have won awards from the Society of Professional Journalists several times, most recently in 2007 for their coverage of the Federal Reserve Open Market Committee's rate cut. In 2008, Forbes named Bankrate #41 in its list of America's 200 Best Small Companies. Forbes previously had honored the website in its "Best of the Web" series five times between 1999 and 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20441027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441027" title="Sebastopol Police Department">
Sebastopol Police Department

The Sebastopol Police Department is a law enforcement agency serving the city of Sebastopol, California.
Overview.
It currently employs 31 sworn and non sworn personnel, and 25 volunteers. The department was founded in the early 1900s. The divisions of the department are administration, watch commanders, patrol officers, dispatchers, reserve officers, community service volunteers and explorers. The department covers just over of city with 8,000 citizens. The population can grow up to 50,000 during special events, such as Apple Blossom Parade.

</doc>
<doc id="20441032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441032" title="Robert J. Morris">
Robert J. Morris

Robert John Morris (September 30, 1914— December 29, 1996) was an American anti-Communist activist who served as chief counsel to the United States Senate Subcommittee on Internal Security from 1951 to 1953 and from 1956 to 1958, was President of the University of Dallas and founded the now-defunct University of Plano.
Biography.
Morris grew up in Jersey City, New Jersey, where his father actively opposed Frank Hague, the city's longtime mayor and Democratic Party boss of Hudson County. He was a graduate of Saint Peter's College and the Fordham University School of Law. In 1940, he served on a committee of the New York State Assembly investigating allegations of Communist activities in schools and colleges in New York State.
He enlisted in the United States Navy during World War II, though he had initially been rejected due to an inability to see the color red, a story that he would frequently retell throughout his life. Morris was a commander of counterintelligence and psychological warfare, whose duties included writing propaganda items that were dropped over Japanese cities and interrogating captured prisoners.
Senate Subcommittee on Internal Security.
Morris served as chief counsel to the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Internal Security from 1951 to 1953, leaving the following year when he was elected to serve as a municipal court judge in New York City. He returned as chief counsel from 1956 to 1958.
"The New York Times" described the subcommittee in 1951 as having a mandate that is practically "limitless in the whole field of security" and that its role "far overreaches the House Committee on Un-American Activities, as it far outreaches Senator Joseph R. McCarthy, Republican of Wisconsin." The subcommittee questioned businessman, diplomats, scholars and schoolteachers, and opened investigations into an alleged Communist takeover of Hawaii, Communist control of the military-industrial complex, and Communist involvement on waterfront in New York City.
One of the subcommittee's most notorious events was the April 1957 suicide of E. Herbert Norman, the Canadian Ambassador to Egypt, after Norman found out that the subcommittee was reopening an earlier investigation regarding his involvement in a Communist study group. The death affected American-Canadian relations, with Canadians calling his death the result of a "smear campaign" by the subcommittee. Morris had announced a month before the suicide that there was adequate material to justify an investigation into charges that Norman was a Communist.
In a letter written to William F. Buckley, Jr. published in 1969, Chambers gave Morris credit for much of the efforts attributed to Senator Joseph McCarthy, with Chambers stating that "I would say that Bob Morris really accomplished much of what the Senator is credited with".
Political aspirations.
In January 1958, as a resident of Point Pleasant Beach, New Jersey, Morris announced that he was running for the Republican Party nomination for the United States Senate from New Jersey, and would resign from his $13,000-a-year post as chief counsel as of January 31. In the April 1958 primary, Robert Kean won the Republican nomination with 43% of the vote, defeating U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower's Appointments Secretary Bernard M. Shanley, who had 36%, and Morris, whose 70,000 votes represented more than 20% of the primary votes.
As a resident of Texas, Morris ran for the Republican U.S. Senate nomination in both 1964 and 1970, being defeated both times by George Herbert Walker Bush, a Massachusetts native. Bush procured 62,985 votes (44.1 percent) of the primary vote in 1964 and was forced into a runoff primary against Jack Cox, the 1962 Republican gubernatorial nominee, who trailed with 45,561 (31.9 percent). Morris ran third with 28,279 votes (19.8 percent). Bush defeated Cox in the runoff, 62-38 percent, to garner the nomination but lost in the fall to Democratic incumbent Ralph W. Yarborough. In the 1970 primary, Bush won with 96,806 votes (87.6 percent) to Morris's 13,654 ballots (12.4 percent) 12 percent, but was then defeated in the general election by the Democrat, Lloyd M. Bentsen, Jr.
In 1976, Morris ran for the conservative American Independent Party's presidential nomination against Louisiana politician John Rarick and former Georgia governor Lester Maddox. Maddox, who had been described as the front-runner prior to the convention, won the nomination on the first ballot, with the support of 177 delegates (52.2%). Morris came in second with 80 delegates (23.6%) and Rarick had 79 (23.3%). In the general election, Maddox would go on to win 170,274 votes (or 0.21%) against Jimmy Carter and Gerald Ford.
Back in New Jersey, Morris entered the 1982 Republican U.S. senatorial primary, dropping out of the race in May, saying that he had accomplished the goals he sought to achieve of bringing attention to Soviet expansionism and moral deterioration. The nomination went to Millicent Fenwick, a liberal Republican congresswoman, who was then defeated by Democrat Frank Lautenberg.
In 1984, Morris again ran in the Republican primary for U.S. Senate, facing off against Mary V. Mochary, the Mayor of Montclair, New Jersey who had been guided by the re-election campaign of Ronald Reagan. Mochary won the June primary with 61% of the vote, with Morris's 70,000 votes representing nearly 29% of the total.
Anti-Communist activism.
Morris was chosen as president of the University of Dallas in 1960. His outspokenness on anti-Communism and other issues created conflict within the school, and he left in 1962.
He formed the Defenders of American Liberties in the summer of 1962, intended to serves as a counterbalance to the American Civil Liberties Union, "but with emphasis on different positions." Among the group's early efforts was to defend former Maj. Gen. Edwin A. Walker, who had been arrested on federal charges after a riot broke out following protests he organized in September 1962 against the use of federal troops to enforce the enrollment of African-American James Meredith at the racially segregated University of Mississippi. In a telegram to members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Morris called Walker the "United States' first political prisoner", after Walker was denied bail and placed under psychiatric observation for up to 90 days.
Building on the difficulties faced by one of his children, Morris founded the University of Plano in Plano, Texas in 1964 with a focus on the education of mildly disabled college-age students using techniques from the Doman-Delacato Method, such as crawling and creeping, that were intended to stimulate brain development. He remained at the school until 1977 and it closed its doors shortly thereafter.
Author and columnist.
Morris' column "Around the World", was published for more than two decades, starting in 1960. The column appeared in newspapers including the "Manchester Union Leader" and The "New York Tribune". His 1963 book "Disarmament: Weapon of Conquest" achieved a modicum of success after its publication in 1963, one of five books he wrote that mostly focused on the disintegrating world order.
Later life.
A resident of Mantoloking, New Jersey, he died at the age of 82 at Point Pleasant Hospital in Point Pleasant, New Jersey, of congestive heart failure. He had suffered from hydrocephalus in the year prior to his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20441077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441077" title="Republic of Ireland Intermediate/Junior Football League Systems">
Republic of Ireland Intermediate/Junior Football League Systems

Intermediate and Junior football in the Republic of Ireland can be defined as all leagues outside of the Republic of Ireland football league system. Outside Ireland's senior football league system, competitions mostly revolve around the 4 provinces of Ireland and the 26 counties of the Republic of Ireland.
Intermediate provincial competitions take place in three of the four provinces Munster, Ulster, called the Munster Senior League, Leinster Senior League and Ulster Senior League respectively. Connacht doesn't have provincial league. Despite its name the Ulster Senior League only consists of teams from County Donegal and a Derry City Reserve Team. The District Leagues which take place in each individual county do not necessarily act as feeder leagues to provincial leagues.
About the system.
The system consists of a hierarchy of leagues, bound together by the principle of promotion and relegation. Clubs that are successful in their league can rise higher in the pyramid, whilst those that finish at the bottom can find themselves sinking further down. The only way for a club to rise from an Intermediate league to the League of Ireland is by applying to the FAI for promotion if they wish.
Also, the only way for a club playing in a Junior county league to gain promotion to a provincial Intermediate is to apply to the Provincial Football Association of that province for promotion.
Structure.
Junior Football in Ireland consists of roughly 30 district and provincial leagues, most of which are drawn according to county borders. Some leagues consist of teams drawn from 2 or more counties, such as County Sligo and County Leitrim having a combined league. In Leinster and Munster however, provincial divisions above the county district leagues exist. The exact number of clubs varies from year to year as clubs join and leave leagues or fold altogether.

</doc>
<doc id="20441078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441078" title="Forage fish">
Forage fish

Forage fish, also called prey fish or bait fish, are small pelagic fish which are preyed on by larger predators for food. Predators include other larger fish, seabirds and marine mammals. Typical ocean forage fish feed near the base of the food chain on plankton, often by filter feeding. They include particularly fishes of the family Clupeidae (herrings, sardines, shad, hilsa, menhaden, anchovies and sprats), but also other small fish, including halfbeaks, smelt such as capelin, and the goldband fusiliers pictured on the right.
Forage fish compensate for their small size by forming schools. Some swim in synchronised grids with their mouths open so they can efficiently filter plankton. These schools can become immense shoals which move along coastlines and migrate across open oceans. The shoals are concentrated fuel resources for the great marine predators. The predators are keenly focused on the shoals, acutely aware of their numbers and whereabouts, and make migrations themselves that can span thousands of miles to connect, or stay connected, with them.
The ocean primary producers, mainly contained in plankton, produce food energy from the sun and are the raw fuel for the ocean food webs. Forage fish transfer this energy by eating the plankton and becoming food themselves for the top predators. In this way, forage fish occupy the central positions in ocean and lake food webs.
The fishing industry catches forage fish primarily for feeding to farmed animals. Some fisheries scientists are expressing concern that this will affect the populations of predator fish that depend on them.
In the oceans.
Typical ocean forage fish are small, silvery schooling oily fish such as herring, anchovies and menhaden, and other small, schooling baitfish like capelin, smelts, sand lance, halfbeaks, pollock, butterfish and juvenile rockfish. Herrings are a preeminent forage fish, often marketed as sardines or pilchards.
The term “forage fish” is a term used in fisheries, and is applied also to forage species that are not true fish, but play a significant role as prey for predators. Thus invertebrates such as squid and shrimp are also referred to as "forage fish". Even the tiny shrimp-like creatures called krill, small enough to be eaten by other forage fish, yet large enough to eat the same zooplankton as forage fish, are often classified as "forage fish".
Forage fish utilise the biomass of copepods, mysids and krill in the pelagic zone to become the dominant converters of the enormous ocean production of zooplankton. They are, in turn, central prey items for higher trophic levels. Forage fish may have achieved their dominance because of the way they live in huge, and often extremely fast cruising schools.
Though forage fish are abundant, there are relatively few species. There are more species of primary producers and apex predators in the ocean than there are forage fish.
Ocean food webs.
Forage fish occupy central positions in the ocean food webs. The position that a fish occupies in a food web is called its trophic level (Greek "trophē" = food). The organisms it eats are at a lower trophic level, and the organisms that eat it are at a higher trophic level. Forage fish occupy middle levels in the food web, serving as a dominant prey to higher level fish, seabirds and mammals.
Ecological pyramids are graphical representations, along the lines of the diagram at the right, which show how biomass or productivity changes at each trophic level in an ecosystem. The first or bottom level is occupied by primary producers or autotrophs (Greek "autos" = self and "trophe" = food). These are the names given to organisms that do not feed on other organisms, but produce biomass from inorganic compounds, mostly by a process of photosynthesis.
In oceans, most primary production is performed by algae. This is a contrast to land, where most primary production is performed by vascular plants. Algae ranges from single floating cells to attached seaweeds, while vascular plants are represented in the ocean by groups such as the seagrasses. Larger producers, such as seagrasses and seaweeds, are mostly confined to the littoral zone and shallow waters, where they attach to the underlying substrate and still be within the photic zone. Most primary production in the ocean is performed by microscopic organisms, the phytoplankton.
Thus, in ocean environments, the first bottom trophic level is occupied principally by phytoplankton, microscopic drifting organisms, mostly one-celled algae, that float in the sea. Most phytoplankton are too small to be seen individually with the unaided eye. They can appear as a green discoloration of the water when they are present in high enough numbers. Since they increase their biomass mostly through photosynthesis they live in the sun-lit surface layer (euphotic zone) of the sea.
The most important groups of phytoplankton include the diatoms and dinoflagellates. Diatoms are especially important in oceans, where they are estimated to contribute up to 45% of the total ocean's primary production. Diatoms are usually microscopic, although some species can reach up to 2 millimetres in length.
The second trophic level (primary consumers) is occupied by zooplankton which feed off the phytoplankton. Together with the phytoplankton, they form the base of the food pyramid that supports most of the world's great fishing grounds. Zooplankton are tiny animals found with the phytoplankton in oceanic surface waters, and include tiny crustaceans, and fish larvae and fry (recently-hatched fish). Most zooplankton are filter feeders, and they use appendages to strain the phytoplankton in the water. Some larger zooplankton also feed on smaller zooplankton. Some zooplankton can jump about a bit to avoid predators, but they can't really swim. Like phytoplankton, they float with the currents, tides and winds instead. Zooplanktons can reproduce rapidly, their populations can increase up to thirty percent a day under favourable conditions. Many live short and productive lives and reach maturity quickly.
Particularly important groups of zooplankton are the copepods and krill. These are not shown in the images above, but are discussed in more detail later. Copepods are a group of small crustaceans found in ocean and freshwater habitats. They are the biggest source of protein in the sea, and are important prey for forage fish. Krill constitute the next biggest source of protein. Krill are particularly large predator zooplankton which feed on smaller zooplankton. This means they really belong to the third trophic level, secondary consumers, along with the forage fish.
Together, phytoplankton and zooplankton make up most of the plankton in the sea. Plankton is the term applied to any small drifting organisms that float in the sea (Greek "planktos" = wanderer or drifter). By definition, organisms classified as plankton are unable to swim against ocean currents; they cannot resist the ambient current and control their position. In ocean environments, the first two trophic levels are occupied mainly by plankton. Plankton are divided into producers and consumers. The producers are the phytoplankton (Greek "phyton" = plant) and the consumers, who eat the phytoplankton, are the zooplankton (Greek "zoon" = animal).
Diet.
Forage fish feed on plankton. When they are eaten by larger predators, they transfer this energy from the bottom of the food chain to the top and in this way are the central link between trophic levels.
Forage fish are usually filter feeders, meaning that they feed by straining suspended matter and food particles from water. They usually travel in large, slow moving, tightly packed schools with their mouths open. They are typically omnivorous. Their diet is usually based primarily on zooplankton, although, since they are omnivorous, they also take in some phytoplankton.
Young forage fish, such as herring, mostly feed on phytoplankton and as they mature they start to consume larger organisms. Older herrings feed on zooplankton, tiny animals that are found in oceanic surface waters, and fish larvae and fry (recently-hatched fish). Copepods and other tiny crustaceans are common zooplankton eaten by forage fish. During daylight, many forage fish stay in the safety of deep water, feeding at the surface only at night when there is less chance of predation. They swim with their mouths open, filtering plankton from the water as it passes through their gills.
Ocean halfbeaks are omnivores which feed on algae, plankton, marine plants like seagrass, invertebrates like pteropods and crustaceans and smaller fishes. Some tropical species feed on animals during the day and plants at night, while others alternate summer carnivory with winter herbivory. They are in turn eaten by billfish, mackerel, and sharks.
Predators.
Forage fish are the food that sustains larger predators above them in the ocean food chain. The superabundance they present in their schools make them ideal food sources for top predator fish such as tuna, striped bass, cod, salmon, barracuda and swordfish, as well as sharks, whales, dolphins, porpoises, seals, sea lions, and seabirds.
Schooling.
Forage fish compensate for their small size by forming schools. These sometimes immense gatherings fuel the ocean food web. Most forage fish are pelagic fish, which means they form their schools in open water, and not on the bottom (benthic fish) or near the bottom (benthopelagic fish). They are short-lived, and go mostly unnoticed by humans, apart from an occasional support role in a documentary about a great ocean predator. While we may not pay them much attention, the great marine predators are keenly focused on them, acutely aware of their numbers and whereabouts, and make migrations that can span thousands of miles to connect with them. After all, forage fish are their food.
Herring are among the most spectacular schooling fish. They aggregate together in huge numbers. Schools have been measured at over four cubic kilometres in size, containing about four billion fish. These schools move along coastlines and traverse the open oceans. Herring schools in general have very precise arrangements which allow the school to maintain relatively constant cruising speeds. Herrings have excellent hearing, and their schools react very fast to a predator. The herrings keep a certain distance from a moving scuba diver or cruising predator like a killer whale, forming a vacuole which can look like a doughnut from a spotter plane. The intricacies of schooling is far from fully understood, especially the swimming and feeding energetics. Many hypotheses to explain the function of schooling have been suggested, such as better orientation, synchronized hunting, predator confusion and reduced risk of being found. Schooling also has disadvantages, such as excretion buildup in the breathing media and oxygen and food depletion. The way the fish array in the school probably gives energy saving advantages, though this is controversial.
On calm days, schools of herring can be detected at the surface a mile away by little waves they form, or from several meters at night when they trigger bioluminescence in surrounding plankton. Underwater recordings show herring constantly cruising at high speeds up to 108 cm per second, with much higher escape speeds.
They are fragile fish, and because of their adaptation to schooling behaviour they are rarely displayed in aquaria. Even with the best facilities aquaria can offer they become sluggish compared to their quivering energy in wild schools.
Hunting copepods.
Copepods are a group of small crustaceans found in ocean and freshwater habitats. Many species are planktonic (drifting in the ocean water), while others are benthic (living on the sea floor). Copepods are typically one millimetre (0.04 in) to two millimetres (0.08 in) long, with a teardrop shaped body. Like other crustaceans they have an armoured exoskeleton, but they are so small that this armour, and the entire body, is usually transparent.
Copepods are usually the dominant zooplankton. Some scientists say they form the largest animal biomass on the planet. The other contender is the Antarctic krill. But copepods are smaller than krill, with faster growth rates, and they are more evenly distributed throughout the oceans. This means copepods almost certainly contribute more secondary production to the world's oceans than krill, and perhaps more than all other groups of marine organisms together. They are a major item on the forage fish menu.
Copepods are very alert and evasive. They have large antennae. When they spread their antennae they can sense the pressure wave from an approaching fish and jump with great speed over a few centimeters.
Herrings are pelagic feeders. Their prey consists of a wide spectrum of phytoplankton and zooplankton, amongst which copepods are the dominant prey. Young herring usually capture small copepods by hunting them individually— they approach them from below. The (half speed) video loop at the left shows a juvenile herring feeding on copepods. In the middle of the image a copepod escapes successfully to the left. The opercula (hard bony flaps covering the gills) are spread wide open to compensate the pressure wave which would alert the copepod to trigger a jump.
If prey concentrations reach very high levels, the herrings adopt a method called "ram feeding". They swim with their mouth wide open and their opercula fully expanded. Every several feet, they close and clean their gill rakers for a few milliseconds (filter feeding). In the photo on the right, herring ram feed on a school of copepods. The fish all open their mouths and opercula wide at the same time (the red gills are visible—click to enlarge). The fish swim in a grid where the distance between them is the same as the jump length of their prey, as indicated in the animation below.
In the animation, juvenile herring hunt the copepods in synchronization: The copepods sense with their antennae the pressure-wave of an approaching herring and react with a fast escape jump. The length of the jump is fairly constant. The fish align themselves in a grid with this characteristic jump length. A copepod can dart about 80 times before it tires out. After a jump, it takes it 60 milliseconds to spread its antennae again, and this time delay becomes its undoing, as the almost endless stream of herrings allows a herring to eventually snap the copepod. A single juvenile herring could never catch a large copepod.
Migrations.
Forage fish often make great migrations between their spawning, feeding and nursery grounds. Schools of a particular stock usually travel in a triangle between these grounds. For example, one stock of herrings have their spawning ground in southern Norway, their feeding ground in Iceland, and their nursery ground in northern Norway. Wide triangular journeys such as these may be important because forage fish, when feeding, cannot distinguish their own offspring.
Fertile feeding grounds for forage fish are provided by ocean upwellings. Oceanic gyres are large-scale ocean currents caused by the Coriolis effect. Wind-driven surface currents interact with these gyres and the underwater topography, such as seamounts and the edge of continental shelves, to produce downwellings and upwellings. These can transport nutrients which plankton thrive on. The result can be rich feeding grounds attractive to the plankton feeding forage fish. In turn, the forage fish themselves become a feeding ground for larger predator fish. Most upwellings are coastal, and many of them support some of the most productive fisheries in the world. Regions of notable upwelling include coastal Peru, Chile, Arabian Sea, western South Africa, eastern New Zealand and the California coast.
Capelin are a forage fish of the smelt family found in the Atlantic and Arctic oceans. In summer, they graze on dense swarms of plankton at the edge of the ice shelf. Larger capelin also eat krill and other crustaceans. The capelin move inshore in large schools to spawn and migrate in spring and summer to feed in plankton rich areas between Iceland, Greenland, and Jan Mayen. The migration is affected by ocean currents. Around Iceland maturing capelin make large northward feeding migrations in spring and summer. The return migration takes place in September to November. The spawning migration starts north of Iceland in December or January.
The diagram on the right shows the main spawning grounds and larval drift routes. Capelin on the way to feeding grounds is coloured green, capelin on the way back is blue, and the breeding grounds are red. In a paper published in 2009, researchers from Iceland recount their application of an interacting particle model to the capelin stock around Iceland, successfully predicting the spawning migration route for 2008.
Predator attacks.
Schooling forage fish are subject to constant attacks by predators. An example is the attacks that take place during the African sardine run. The African sardine run is a spectacular migration by millions of silvery sardines along the southern coastline of Africa. In terms of biomass, the sardine run could rival East Africa's great wildebeest migration.
Sardines have a short life-cycle, living only two or three years. Adult sardines, about two years old, mass on the Agulhas Bank where they spawn during spring and summer, releasing tens of thousands of eggs into the water. The adult sardines then make their way in hundreds of shoals towards the sub-tropical waters of the Indian Ocean. A larger shoal might be 7 kilometers (4 mi) long, 1.5 kilometers (1 mi) wide and 30 meters (100 ft) deep. Huge numbers of sharks, dolphins, tuna, sailfish, Cape fur seals and even killer whales congregate and follow the shoals, creating a feeding frenzy along the coastline.
When threatened, sardines instinctively group together and create massive bait balls. Bait balls can be up to 20 meters (70 ft) in diameter. They are short lived, seldom lasting longer than 20 minutes. As many as 18,000 dolphins, behaving like sheepdogs, round the sardines into these bait balls, or herd them to shallow water (corralling) where they are easier to catch. Once rounded up, the dolphins and other predators take turns plowing through the bait balls, gorging on the fish as they sweep through. Seabirds also attack them from above, flocks of gannets, cormorants, terns and gulls. Some of these seabirds plummet from heights of 30 metres (100 feet), plunging through the water leaving vapour-like trails behind like fighter planes, .
The eggs, left behind at the Agulhas Banks, drift northwest with the current into waters off the west coast, where the larvae develop into juvenile fish. When they are old enough, they aggregate into dense shoals and migrate southwards, returning to the Agulhas banks in order to restart the cycle.
Forage fisheries.
History.
Herring has been known as a staple food source since 3000 B.C. In Roman times, anchovies were the base for the fermented fish sauce called "garum." This staple of cuisine was produced in industrial quantities and transported over long distances.
Fishing for sardela or sardina ("Sardina pilchardus") is an ongoing activity on the Croatian Adriatic coasts of Dalmatia and Istria. It traces its roots back thousands of years. The region was then largely a Venetian dominion, part of the Roman Empire. The area has always been sustained through fishing mainly sardines. Along the coast towns still promote the traditional practice of fishing by lateen sail boats for tourism and festivals.
Pilchard fishing and processing thrived in Cornwall between 1750 and 1880, after which stocks went into an almost terminal decline. Recently (2007) stocks have been improving. The industry has featured in many works of art, including Stanhope Forbes and other Newlyn School artists.
Contemporary.
Traditional commercial fisheries were directed towards high value ocean predators such as cod, rockfish and tuna, rather than forage fish. As technologies developed, fisheries became so effective at locating and catching predator fish that many of the stocks collapsed. The industry compensated by turning to species lower in the food chain.
In former times, forage fish were more difficult to fish profitably, and were a small part of the global marine fisheries. But modern industrial fishing technologies have enabled the removal of increasing quantities. Industrial-scale forage fish fisheries need large scale landings of fish to return profits. They are dominated by a small number of corporate fishing and processing companies.
Forage fish populations are very vulnerable when faced with modern fishing equipment. They swim near the surface in compacted schools, so they are relatively easy to locate at the surface with sophisticated electronic fishfinders and from above with spotter planes. Once located, they are scooped out of the water using highly efficient nets, such as purse seines, which remove most of the school.
Spawning patterns in forage fish are highly predictable. Some fisheries use knowledge of these patterns to harvest the forage species as they come together to spawn, removing the fish before they have actually spawned. Fishing during spawning periods or at other times when forage fish amass in large numbers can also be a blow to predators. Many predators, such as whales, tuna and sharks, have evolved to migrate long distances to specific sites for feeding and breeding. Their survival hinges on their finding these forage schools at their feeding grounds. The great ocean predators find that, no matter how they are adapted for speed, size, endurance or stealth, they are on the losing side when faced with the machinery of contemporary industrial fishing.
Altogether, forage fish account for 37 percent (31.5 million tonnes) of all fish taken from the world's oceans each year. However, because there are fewer species of forage fish compared to predator fish, forage species fisheries are the largest in the world. Seven of the top ten fisheries target forage fish. The total world catch of herrings, sardines and anchovies alone in 2005 was 22.4 million tonnes, 24 percent of the total world catch.
The Peruvian anchoveta fishery is now the biggest in the world (10.7 million tonnes in 2004), while the Alaskan pollock fishery in the Bering Sea is the largest single species fishery in the world (3 million tonnes). The Alaskan pollock is said to be the largest remaining single species source of palatable fish in the world. However, the biomass of pollock has declined in recent years, perhaps spelling trouble for both the Bering Sea ecosystem and the commercial fishery it supports. Acoustic surveys by NOAA indicate that the 2008 pollock population is almost 50 percent lower than last year's survey levels. Some scientists think this decline in Alaska pollock could repeat the collapse experienced by Atlantic cod, which could have negative consequences for the entire Bering Sea ecosystem. Salmon, halibut, endangered Steller sea lions, fur seals, and humpback whales eat pollock and depend on healthy populations to sustain themselves.
Use as animal feed.
Eighty percent of the forage fish caught are fed to animals. Ninety percent is processed into fishmeal and fish oil. Of this, 46 percent was fed to farmed fish, 24 percent to pigs, and 22 percent to poultry (2002). Six times the weight of forage fish is fed to pigs and poultry alone than the entire seafood consumption of the U.S. market.
According to Turchini and De Silva (2008), another 2.5 million tonnes of the annual forage fish catch is consumed by the global cat food industry. In Australia, pet cats eat 13.7 kilograms of fish a year compared to the 11 kilograms eaten by the average Australian. The pet food industry is increasingly marketing premium and super-premium products, when different raw materials, such as the by-products of the fish filleting industry, could be used instead.
Environmental issues.
A recent study (2008) by fisheries scientists Jacqueline Alder, Daniel Pauly and colleagues is the product of a nine-year Sea Around Us Project. The study concludes that...
In lakes and rivers.
Forage fish also inhabit freshwater habitats, such as lakes and rivers, where they serve as food for larger freshwater predators. Usually smaller than 15 centimetres (6 in) in length, these small bait fish make up most of the fish found in lakes and rivers. The minnow family alone, consisting of minnows, chubs, shiners and daces, consists of more than fifty species. Other freshwater forage fish include suckers, killifish, shad, bony fish as well as fish of the sunfish family, excluding black basses and crappie, and smaller species of the carp family. There are also anadromous forage fish, such as eulachon.
Within any fresh or saltwater ecosystem, there will always be both desirable and undesirable fishes, and this varies from country to country, and often from region to region within a country. Sport fishermen divide freshwater predators of forage fish into those:
"Rough or coarse fish" usually refers to fish that are not commonly eaten, not sought after for sporting reasons, or have become invasive species reducing the populations of desirable fish. They compete for forage fish with the more popular sport fish. They are often regarded as a nuisance, and are not usually protected by game laws. Forage fish generally are not considered rough or coarse fish because of their usefulness as bait.
The term "rough fish" is used by U.S. state agencies and anglers to describe undesirable predator fish. In North America, anglers fish for salmon, trout, bass, pike, catfish, walleye and muskellunge. The smallest fish are called panfish, because they can fit in a standard cooking pan. Some examples are crappies, rock bass, perch, bluegill and sunfish.
The term "coarse fish" originated in the United Kingdom in the early 19th century. Prior to that time, recreational fishing was the sport of the gentry, who angled for trout and salmon which they called "game fish". Fish other than game fish were disdained as "coarse fish". These days, "game fish" refers to Salmonids (other than grayling) — that is, salmon, trout and char. Coarse fish are made up mostly of the larger species of Cyprinids (carp, roach, bream) as well as pike, catfish, gar and lamprey. Coarse fish are no longer disdained; indeed, fishing for coarse fish has become a popular pastime.
Bait and feeder fish.
Forage fish are sometimes referred to as "bait fish" or "feeder fish". Bait fish is a term used particularly by recreational fishermen, although commercial fisherman also catch fish to bait longlines and traps. Forage fish is a fisheries term, and is used in the context of fisheries. Bait fish, by contrast, are fish that are caught by humans to use as bait for other fish. The terms overlap in the sense that most bait fish are also forage fish, and vice versa. Feeder fish is a term used particularly in the context of fish aquariums. It refers essentially to the same concept as forage fish, small fish that are eaten by larger fish, but the term is adapted to the particular requirements of working with fish in aquariums.

</doc>
<doc id="20441085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441085" title="Jack Lawrence (disambiguation)">
Jack Lawrence (disambiguation)

Jack Lawrence may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20441107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441107" title="Jerry Ellis (author)">
Jerry Ellis (author)

Jerry Ellis is an author who wrote the book "Walking the Trail" after walking the 900 mile route of the Cherokee Trail of Tears. Jerry Ellis has written for the New York Times, had four non-fiction books published by Random House and has been a speaker and consultant in Africa, Asia, Europe and throughout the United States. He has had five plays produced.

</doc>
<doc id="20441114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441114" title="Inventors Assistance League">
Inventors Assistance League

Inventors Assistance League (IAL) is a non-profit organization created to assist inventors, small businesses and entrepreneurs. Its parent organization, the National Inventor's Foundation, was the very first federally chartered non-profit group to serve creative individuals since patent laws were established in 1790.
Founder and original president Ted De Boer was a patent agent with US Trademark and Copyright Office. He created the organization in 1962 (and formalized with the State of California in 1970) when he became frustrated with the lack of affordable legal advice and guidance for inventors.
The organization helps individuals file for a trademark or patent, file for a copyright, learn to market their inventions and get Pre-Patent Protection.
The Better Business Bureau rates the Inventors Assistance League with an A+ Rating, its highest possible rating. The Inventors Assistance League has its office in Los Angeles (Eagle Rock), California.

</doc>
<doc id="20441120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441120" title="Ptarmigan (sternwheeler)">
Ptarmigan (sternwheeler)

Ptarmigan was a sternwheel steamboat that operated in British Columbia on the Columbia River from 1903 to 1909.
Design and Construction.
"Ptarmigan" was built at Golden, BC and was the last vessel built for the Upper Columbia Navig. & Tramway Co., of which Capt. Frank P. Armstrong was the principal owner and manager. "Ptarmigan"'s engines were over 60 years old, and had been originally built for a ferry crossing the St. Lawrence River. The engines had been previously installed in two other sternwheelers on the upper Columbia River, specifically the first "Duchess", and the second "Duchess". The blunt-ended bow of "Ptarmigan" allowed the vessel to be more capable of pushing barges, which increased the vessel's utility and effective cargo capacity.
Operations.
"Ptarmigan" was placed on the Columbia River route that began at Golden and ran south, at least during high water, to Columbia Lake, the ultimate source of the Columbia River. In 1903, soon after completion, "Ptarmigan" was sold to the Columbia River Lumber Company, which hired Armstrong to manage its steamboat operations. In 1907 "Ptarmigan" hit a snag and sank (A snag is a sunken log jammed in the river bottom but sticking up through the water to just below the surface). Captain Armstrong was able to raise "Ptarmigan" and return her to service. However "Ptarmigan" caught fire later in 1907, and her upper works were destroyed. Again, "Ptarmigan" was salvaged, her upper works were rebuilt and she was returned to service.
Race with launch "Gian".
The gasoline engine was a new development in the early 1900s. Captain Northcote Cantlie, who has gone down in history as "an eccentric Scot" purchased a gasoline-engined launch, "Gian", and placed her on the upper Columbia. Unlike Armstrong, Cantlie came from a wealthy background, drank champagne for breakfast, and kept a bagpiper as his personal attendant.
Cantlie, knowing that "Gian" was at least theoretically faster than "Ptarmigan" made several challenges to Armstrong to race. There is a story that one day in late August 1906 Cantlie was out in his launch in the river at the same time as "Ptarmigan". Cantle seized the moment and sped past "Ptarmigan" with his bagpiper blasting out airs as "Gian" sped past. This was too much for Captain Armstrong, a master steamboat man and veteran of the Klondike Gold Rush. Armstrong ordered full steam ahead, and when "Ptarmigan" caught up to "Gian", two or three roustabouts reached over to "Gian", seized the still-playing piper, and lifted him unharmed over to the foredeck of "Ptarmigan" while the piper reportedly never missed a note. "Ptarmigan" passed "Gian" and thereafter Cantlie steered clear of the big steamer.
Dismantled.
"Ptarmigan" was dismantled in 1909. "Ptarmigan'"s engines, which had been under water at least twice when the vessels they powered sank (once with "Ptarmigan", once with the first "Duchess") were installed in another vessel, the "Nowitka".

</doc>
<doc id="20441149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441149" title="1981 Dallas Cowboys season">
1981 Dallas Cowboys season

The 1981 Dallas Cowboys season was their 22nd in the league. The team matched their previous output of 12–4, winning their fifth division title in six years. They lost the Conference Championship game for the second straight season.
The season began with four straight victories, followed by two losses (including a surprising 45–14 blowout loss to the 49ers in week six). The Cowboys rebounded to win 8 of their 9 games to clinch the NFC East but had to settle for the conference's number two seed behind the 49ers.
The Cowboys easily defeated Tampa Bay in the divisional playoff to earn a rematch with the 49ers in the NFC Championship Game. The game was much closer this time, and the Cowboys still held a 27–21 lead with less than a minute to play. However, Joe Montana led a late drive and hit Dwight Clark in the famous "Catch" to give San Francisco a 28–27 victory.

</doc>
<doc id="20441154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441154" title="Vermilion Community College">
Vermilion Community College

Vermilion Community College is a two-year community college in Ely, Minnesota adjacent to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness and the Superior National Forest . 
Vermilion Community College sits on of land and specializes in outdoor environmental education, resource management, and protection of natural resources.
It is part of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system.

</doc>
<doc id="20441194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441194" title="Andre Deveaux">
Andre Deveaux

Andre Deveaux (born February 23, 1984) is a Bahamaian-born Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently an Unrestricted Free Agent. He most recently played within the Florida Panthers organization of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was selected by the Montreal Canadiens in the 6th round (182nd overall) of the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. Deveaux was born in Freeport, Bahamas, but he is a naturalized Canadian citizen who was raised in Welland, Ontario.
Playing career.
Initially drafted by the Montreal Canadiens, 182nd overall in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft, He made his NHL debut with the Toronto Maple Leafs on November 27, 2008 against the Ottawa Senators. In addition to playing with the Maple Leafs, Deveaux has been a member of the Toronto Marlies, Chicago Wolves and Springfield Falcons of the AHL and the Johnstown Chiefs of the ECHL. Deveaux is the first person born in the Bahamas to play in the NHL.
On February 12, 2010, after getting penalized for a melee in a game between the Marlies and the Manitoba Moose in Winnipeg involving almost all the players on the ice, Deveaux was alleged to have been taunted with racial slurs by a fan while in the penalty box. Deveaux subsequently threw a roll of hockey tape into the heckler's direction and was suspended for three games by the AHL.
On August 24, 2010, Deveaux signed as a free agent to a one-year contract to return to the AHL's Chicago Wolves. 
On August 16, 2011, Deveaux signed as an unrestricted free agent with the New York Rangers.
On November 25, 2011, Deveaux was suspended by the NHL for 3 games. The reason given for this was delivering an illegal check to the head of Florida forward Tomas Fleischmann on a game between the New York Rangers and the Florida Panthers played on November 23, 2011. Deveaux was eligible to return December 1, 2011, however this did not happen as New York Rangers President and General Manager Glen Sather announced Deveaux had instead been assigned to the Connecticut Whale of the American Hockey League.
On July 9, 2012, Deveaux signed as a free agent to a one-year contract with the Florida Panthers. With the NHL lockout in affect, Deveaux was directly assigned to AHL affiliate, the San Antonio Rampage. On March 19, 2013, during a game in Cedar Park, Texas, against the Texas Stars, Deveaux was accidentally high sticked in the face. As he fell to the ice he slid underneath teammate Nolan Yonkman, knocking him over. As Yonkman tried not to fall he accidentally stepped on Deveaux's face, with full force. The resulting cut required dozens of stitches to close.

</doc>
<doc id="20441276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441276" title="List of schools in Bexley">
List of schools in Bexley

This list covers primary school and secondary schools in the London Borough of Bexley. Schools are in the state sector unless otherwise indicated.
Primary.
The Borough Council publishes a complete list of all primary schools. The list includes the address of each school, its head teacher, and its 
website.

</doc>
<doc id="20441283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441283" title="Miguel Herrera">
Miguel Herrera

Miguel Ernesto Herrera Aguirre (born March 18, 1968) is a former Mexican footballer and current manager of the Mexico national football team. 
A former defender, Herrera played most of his career with Atlante, playing for the club four different times, and most notably with Toros Neza, making over 100 appearances for the club. He also had stints with Santos Laguna and Querétaro. A Mexican international, Herrera participated in the 1993 Copa America tournament with Mexico, winning second place. 
As a manager, Herera managed Atlante on two occasions, the first in 2002, and again in 2010. He also coached Monterrey, playing the final in 2004, losing to UNAM. He went on to coach Veracruz in 2008, and Estudiantes Tecos from 2008 until 2010. He was announced as América manager in November 2011. In May 2013, Herrera led América to their eleventh league championship, the first in his career. In late 2013, Herrera was named as interim coach of the Mexican national team to guide them through the intercontinental playoff matches against New Zealand to qualify for the 2014 World Cup. After Mexico won both matches and gained qualification, Herrera was given the job permanently. 
Herrera is commonly referred to by his nickname "Piojo" (Spanish for "louse"). 
Club career.
Born in Cuauhtepec, Hidalgo, Mexico, Herrera made his debut with Atlante in 1986. He then transferred to Santos Laguna in 1988, making 30 appearances and scoring four goals. He had another stint with Atlante in 1989, before moving to Querétaro in 1990. He once again transferred to Atlante, where he would remain until 1995, making 125 appearances and scoring nine goals. He was then sold to Toros Neza. The club would reach its first final in the "Verano '97" season, ultimately losing to Guadalajara by a score of 7–2. In 1999, Herrera returned to Atlante for one more year before he retired.
International career.
Herrera participated with Mexico in the 1993 Copa America in Ecuador. Mexico lost the final against Argentina, 2–1.
Managerial career.
Atlante.
In 2002, only two years after retiring, Herrera came back to coach his former club Atlante. He would remain manager for two years, but resigned in 2004 after failing to take Atlante to a final.
Monterrey.
For the Apertura 2004 season, Herrera was named head coach of Monterrey. He ironically faced his former club Atlante in the semifinals, where he defeated them by an aggregate score of 7–3. He ultimately failed to make Monterrey champions, losing to UNAM in the final by an aggregate score of 3–1. He succeeded in taking Monterrey to another final in the Apertura 2005 season, but failed once more, this time losing to Toluca with an aggregate score of 6–3. Herrera would continue to be Monterrey's coach until the Apertura 2007 season, where his contract was terminated in September 2007 due to continuous poor performances the team had.
Veracruz.
In the Clausura 2008 season, Herrera was hired as coach for Veracruz after the resignation of Antonio Mohamed. A stand-out victory for Herrera was a 4–0 home victory over América on March 29, 2008. 
He was in charge of preventing Veracruz from being relegated to the Primera División A, in which inevitably Veracruz descended. Herrera parted ways with the club in May 2008.
Estudiantes Tecos.
Shortly after leaving Veracruz, Herrera was hired to coach a struggling Estudiantes Tecos half-way into the Apertura 2008 tournament to replace José Luis Trejo. He was fired on September 2010.
Return to Atlante.
In November 2010 it was announced that Herrera was hired as the new Atlante manager, returning with his former club following his first managerial stint in 2002. Under his reign, Atlante finished fourth place in the Clausura 2011. They would be eliminated in the quarterfinals by Cruz Azul. Atlante failed to qualify for the playoffs of the Apertura 2011 season, and Herrera did not renew his contract with the club, as there were rumors placing him at Club América as their new manager.
América.
On November 16, 2011, Herrera was named the head coach of América. In his first press conference, Herrera revealed he had signed a contract for six months, saying: ""If in six months I don't give results, I leave.""
On January 7, 2012 América defeated Quéretaro 2–0, which was Herrera's first official victory with América. América finished the Clausura 2012 season in third place, and reached the semifinals, being eliminated by Monterrey by an aggregate score of 0–2. On May 14, Miguel Herrera was ratified as manager.
On May 26, 2013, América won the eleventh league title in their history by defeating Cruz Azul 4–2 on penalty kicks after a dramatic comeback from a 0–1 first leg loss to tie 2–2 on aggregate, and playing the second leg with ten men for over 105 minutes. This would be Miguel Herrera's first league title in his managerial career after losing his two previous finals while at Monterrey.
Mexico national team.
On October 13, 2013, Herrera was appointed interim head coach of the Mexican national team, replacing Víctor Manuel Vucetich to become the fourth national team coach within the span of a month. He led "El Tri" to a 9–3 aggregate victory over New Zealand in the two-leg intercontinental playoff to qualify for the 2014 World Cup. On December 2, it was announced that Herrera would remain national team coach at least through the World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20441302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441302" title="Ignu">
Ignu

Ignu is the name of a poem written by Allen Ginsberg in 1958.
It describes a specific type of person, called an Ignu, who, among other numerous attributes, "lives only once and eternally and knows it," and "sleeps in everybody's bed."
Ginsberg mentions many of his friends in the poem as examples of Ignus, including William S. Burroughs

</doc>
<doc id="20441311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441311" title="Joe Borri">
Joe Borri

Joe Borri (born June 11, 1962 in Detroit, Michigan) is an artist and writer. Born and raised in Detroit, Borri graduated from Northern Michigan University in 1984. He is married and has four children.
His 2007 anthology "Eight Dogs Named Jack" was published by Momentum Books.

</doc>
<doc id="20441314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441314" title="Aca Joe">
Aca Joe

ACA JOE is a clothing line for Men, Women, Boys and Girls that originated in Acapulco in the 1970s. ACA JOE specializes in well-designed cotton clothing inspired by the beachy lifestyle of Acapulco.
ACA JOE was founded by Joseph Rank, a Los Angeles clothing designer. The company's major growth came after Rank teamed with Harry R. Kraatz and William A. Meyer, in the early 1980s to take over the Inmar Corporation. Inmar's retail outlets were transformed into ACA JOE stores and the company name was changed to ACA JOE INTERNATIONAL. 
In the mid-1980s, there were more than 100 ACA JOE stores around the U.S., and the company's stock was the fastest rising stock on Nasdaq in 1985. The company's stock was deleted from the Nasdaq over-the-counter trading system on April 1, 1988 because of the company's failure to meet Nasdaq's capital and surplus requirements. 
In the 1990s, ACA JOE focused on its market in Mexico and was sold in over 35 shopping center and beach stores and featured in the Palacio de Hierro department stores. In the 2000s (decade), ACA JOE was sold in the Liverpool_(store) department stores and Costco in Mexico.
Since 2007, ACA JOE has been exclusively sold through La Comercial Mexicana.

</doc>
<doc id="20441333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441333" title="1981 Detroit Lions season">
1981 Detroit Lions season

The 1981 Detroit Lions season was their 52nd in the league. The team failed to improve upon their previous season's record of 9–7, winning eight games. The team missed the playoffs for the eleventh straight season. In spite of that, halfback Billy Sims continued to play solid football, amassing 1,888 total yards in total offense while scoring a team-high 14 touchdowns. However, the Lions finished in second place in the NFC Central with an 8–8 record.

</doc>
<doc id="20441348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441348" title="Kismet (1920 film)">
Kismet (1920 film)

Kismet (1920) is a silent film version of the 1911 play "Kismet" by Edward Knoblock, starring Otis Skinner and Elinor Fair, and directed by Louis J. Gasnier.
Skinner's daughter, author Cornelia Otis Skinner, plays a small role. This version was released by Robertson-Cole Distributing Company, and was released on VHS by Grapevine Video. In New England the distribution of the film was handled by Joseph P. Kennedy who organized a successful premiere in Boston.
Skinner filmed the play again in a 1930 talkie. This film is lost but its Vitaphone soundtrack survives.

</doc>
<doc id="20441394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441394" title="Airborne ground surveillance">
Airborne ground surveillance

Airborne ground surveillance (AGS) refers to a class of military airborne radar system used for detecting and tracking ground targets, such as vehicles and slow moving helicopters. Airborne ground surveillance is meant for detection of targets on the ground. Antenna beam width should be very small to enhance resolution. This antenna size limitation demands high frequency (GHz range) of operation, to be operated in this mode. AGS radar is typically a medium or low power radar. It includes both maritime and land surveillance. Today, UAVs perform this operation, which often uses optical aids for surveillance.

</doc>
<doc id="20441402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441402" title="Alliance Ground Surveillance">
Alliance Ground Surveillance

Alliance Ground Surveillance is a NATO programme to acquire an airborne ground surveillance capability.
The Main Operating Base will be located at Sigonella Air Base, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20441410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441410" title="Sanlakas Kids">
Sanlakas Kids

Sanlakas Kids is a Philippine TV fantasy series on ABS-CBN about a group of superheroes created by Mars Ravelo. The show called Sanlakas and Isang Lakas earlier in its development process, is part of the "Komiks Presents Mars Ravelo" series. March 14, 2011 to August 26, 2011 From 4:00pm-5:00pm 
Overview.
2010.
The show was originally entitled "Isang Lakas or "Sanlakas" consisting a combination of all the superhero comic adapted through the series Komiks. "Isang Lakas" was supposed to bring back together stars reprising their previous superhero roles, including Vhong Navarro, Jon Avila, Mariel Padilla, John Prats, Shaina Magdayao and Luis Manzano. However, during the 2011 Trade Launch, Sanlakas was reformatted into "Sanlakas Kids".
Reformat.
During the 2011 Trade Launch, Sanlakas was announced as "Sanlakas Kids" described as the earlier life of the superheroes as children. The character will still be consisted of Lastikman, Kapitan Boom, Varga, Tiny Tony, Dragonna and Flash Bomba. However, the cast will be replaced by child actors. The actors are still unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20441427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441427" title="Paul Daley">
Paul Daley

Paul Anthony Daley (born 21 February 1983) is an English professional mixed martial artist who has fought for EliteXC, Cage Rage, Strikeforce, BAMMA, Maximum Fighting Championship, Cage Warriors, Shark Fights, Impact FC, Pancrase, Ultimate Fighting Championship, Bellator Fighting Championships and Cage Contender.
Mixed martial arts career.
Daley's parents are from Caribbean background. Daley was first introduced to martial arts when he began taking karate at the age of 8. Primarily based in England, he has been known to hold portions of his training camp at Mike's Gym in the Netherlands. He was previously a member of Team Rough House, where he trained with fellow Nottingham residents Dan Hardy, Nick Osipczak, Dean Amasinger, Jimmy Wallhead and Andre Winner. But he now trains out of Nottingham based Spirit Dojo, where he also teaches muay thai kickboxing classes. 
Daley was the last ever Cage Rage welterweight champion. Paul has had notable fights against Jake Shields for the EliteXC welterweight championship and UFC veteran John Alessio.
Daley was set to fight Jay Hieron at , but the bout was scrapped due to Affliction Entertainment folding.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
He later signed a four fight contract with the UFC, following Affliction's collapse. Daley's first fight was scheduled to be on the preliminary card of UFC 103 against Brian Foster, which was due to air on ESPN (UK), prior to the main card. However, on 4 September, it was announced that Paul Daley had agreed to step in for Mike Swick, who suffered an injury during training and was unable to fight top contender Martin Kampmann at UFC 103.
In his UFC debut, Daley put in an aggressive performance, defeating Martin Kampmann via Technical knockout due to a barrage of punches.
Daley was expected to face Carlos Condit on 2 January 2010 at UFC 108.
However, Condit would be forced off the card after suffering a severe cut to his hand. He was replaced by Dustin Hazelett.
After failing to make the stipulated 170 lb for the Hazelett fight, Daley was fined 10% of his fight purse.
The bout was fought at a catchweight of 172 lbs. Early in the fight Daley dropped Hazelett with a left hook, then followed up with additional punches on the ground knocking Hazelett out cold.
Welterweight contendership.
At UFC 113, on 8 May 2010, Daley was placed to fight Josh Koscheck, with the winner destined to become the next challenger against Georges St-Pierre for the UFC Welterweight Championship and the opportunity to coach against St-Pierre on the twelfth season of "The Ultimate Fighter".
Koscheck controlled all three rounds, keeping the fight on the ground and neutralizing Daley's striking. After the end of the third and final round, Daley hit Koscheck in the face with a left hook sucker punch. Referee Dan Miragliotta swung Daley around and pinned him against the fence to subdue him. In an interview at the conclusion of the event, UFC president Dana White announced that he was banishing Daley from the UFC for life. White said, "There's no excuse for that. These guys are professional athletes. You don't ever hit a guy blatantly after the bell like that, whether you're frustrated or not." He added, "I don't care if he fights in every show all over the world and becomes the best and everybody thinks he's the best pound-for-pound best in the world, he will never fight in the UFC ever again." White also said that when he spoke to Daley after the fight, he actually denied hitting Koscheck. 
Daley apologized for his actions after returning to the United Kingdom, saying that Koscheck's trash-talking pushed him over the edge, but that there was "no excuse" for his "rash decision." He was suspended 30 days by the Quebec Athletic Commission.
BAMMA.
Daley was supposed to face Yuya Shirai for the BAMMA welterweight belt, but came in over the 170-pound limit for a title bout. The two still headlined the card, but it became a non-title fight. Daley dropped Shirai immediately with a jab, which was his first strike in the fight, and later he dropped him again with an uppercut and left hook before finishing the fight with vicious ground and pound.
Strikeforce.
Following his win over Masvidal, Daley signed a multi-fight deal with Strikeforce and made his promotional debut against Scott Smith on 4 December 2010 at . Smith charged forward as Daley connected with an overhand left hook, sending Smith unconscious face first into the canvas at 2:09 of round 1. In the post fight interview, he called out lightweight K.J. Noons.
After his victory over Scott Smith, Daley received the title shot against Nick Diaz.
Daley fought Nick Diaz on 9 April 2011 at and lost. Daley dropped Diaz twice in the first round of the scheduled five round fight. Daley then fell to the ground after a quick exchange, with the referee ending the bout three seconds from the end of the first round, marking the first time Daley has been stopped by strikes.
After a 3 month hiatus, Daley was expected to face Evangelista Santos at , but Santos was forced to withdraw due to a shoulder injury and was replaced with Tyron Woodley. The winner of this fight was expected to fight for the vacant Strikeforce Welterweight Championship against a fighter yet to be named. He lost the bout via unanimous decision, with all three judges scoring the fight 29-28 each in favour of Woodley.
Daley fought against Kazuo Misaki at . He lost the bout via split decision.
After some months, Daley requested to be released from his Strikeforce contract, citing lack of frequent fights as being the reason for him wanting to leave.
Independent Promotions.
He defeated Daniel Acacio at an Impact Fighting Championships event in Sydney, Australia. Speaking after his victory, Daley revealed that he expects to sign with Strikeforce or DREAM "real soon."
He then faced Jorge Masvidal at "Shark Fights 13: Jardine vs. Prangley" in September 2010, and won via unanimous decision. Before the fight, he weighed in three-quarters of a pound overweight and was forced to give up 15% of his "show purse".
Daley was next scheduled to fight twice in just over five weeks. The first bout was against UFC veteran Jordan Radev at BAMMA 7, and the second bout was against UFC and MFC veteran Luigi Fioravanti at Ringside MMA 12 - Daley vs. Fioravanti. Daley won both via unanimous decision.
Daley was going to fight in a kickboxing bout at UCMMA 26 against Luke Sines for his 'UK1' Welterweight Championship, however, due to contract obligations, Daley had to pull out of the fight due to contract problems with Strikeforce.
Bellator MMA.
On 15 June, just a week after being released from his Strikeforce contract, Daley signed with Bellator Fighting Championships. Daley had a successful debut at against journeyman Rudy Bears in a welterweight fight, defeating him by first round TKO due to strikes.
Daley was next scheduled to fight at Bellator 79 in Rama, Ontario, Canada on 2 November against Kyle Baker, but the fight never materialized.
Daley was selected in a fan vote to fight War Machine in the first Bellator fight to be shown on Spike TV, however injury forced his opponent out of the up-coming Welterweight tournament. Daley himself was then removed from the tournament after being barred from entering the United States after being arrested in December in relation to an alleged bar fight in his native England. He faced up to two years in prison if convicted. Daley later claimed the charges had been thrown out for lack of evidence, clearing him to apply for a visa to compete within Bellator's ninth season.
On 25 July, Bellator announced that Daley had been released from the organization due to ongoing legal troubles. Bellator officials had learned that the charges in the bar fight had not been dropped after all. In fact, Daley had pleaded guilty to one count of assault and two counts of obstructing an officer. The violent nature of the incident, combined with the prospect of continued visa problems due to the fact he was now a convicted felon, made Bellator officials decide to cut ties with Daley.
Return to BAMMA.
On 6 August 2013, it was reported that Daley had signed a 3 fight, 12 month contract with BAMMA. His first fight back in the British promotion was against Romario Manoel da Silva at BAMMA 14 on December 14th. He defeated da Silva by KO at 1:42 of the 2nd round, after dominating the 1st round.
Weight issues.
Daley has had a history of missing weight in fights, with the BAMMA 7 weigh-in marking the 6th time within the last 14 fights that Daley had missed weight for a fight. After the Diaz fight, he vowed that he would improve his diet to help him cut weight correctly for his future fights. However, Daley yet again missed weight for his BAMMA 7 fight.
Personal life.
He lists Muay Thai as his favourite sport. He played football as a hobby with England players such as Jermaine Jenas in the past.
Daley was a cast member of the 1987 film "Sammy and Rosie Get Laid".

</doc>
<doc id="20441458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441458" title="Mali Hrib">
Mali Hrib

Mali Hrib () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20441483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441483" title="Mali Rakitovec">
Mali Rakitovec

Mali Rakitovec () is a small village in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20441486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441486" title="List of food safety organisations">
List of food safety organisations

This is a list of organizations and associated posts which are related to food safety, either as a primary interest or through statutory responsibility. National organizations are grouped by the UN geoscheme.
Africa.
National agency for food and Drug Administration
Ministry of Health

</doc>
<doc id="20441488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441488" title="Under 19 Bayernliga">
Under 19 Bayernliga

The Under 19 Bayernliga (German: "A-Jugend Bayernliga") is the second tier of under 19 youth football in Bavaria, set below the "Under 19 Bundesliga South/Southwest".
Until 1996, the league was the highest tier of under 19 football, containing the youth teams of such clubs as FC Bayern Munich, TSV 1860 Munich and 1. FC Nuremberg.
History.
Pre-Bayernliga era.
A Bavarian championship was played from 1946 onwards, only in 1952 and 1953 was it not held. Until 1971, the Bavarian champions advanced to the Southern German under 19 championship. This competition was disbanded after 1971 in light of the interception of a German championship from 1969 onwards. 
The under 19 team of the 1. FC Nuremberg started a remarkable series from 1967 onwards, reaching the Bavarian final every year until 1994, 28 times in a row! Only in 1995 did Viktoria Aschaffenburg finish above the "1. FCN".
Bayernliga era.
The "Bayernliga" was established in 1974, operating as two regional divisions, a northern and a southern one, the "A-Jugend Bayernliga Nord" and the "A-Jugend Bayernliga Süd". The winner of each division would then advance to the Bavarian championship final, an on-off game. The winner of this game, the Bavarian champions, then advanced to the German under 19 championship.
In 1996, the "Under 19 Regionalliga South" was established, relegating the two "Bayernligas" to second division status. From now on, the best Bavarian clubs would play in the "Regionalliga" and the "Bayernliga" champions played for promotion to this league. 
Since 2001, the final between the two league winners was now played in a home-and-away format. Should each team win a game the goals scored were not taken into consideration, instead, a penalty shoot-out was used to determine the winner.
In 2003, the "Under 19 Regionalliga South" and the "Under 19 Regionalliga Southwest" merged to form the "Under 19 Bundesliga South/Southwest". This changed nothing in the status of the "Bayernligas" as second divisions.
In the 2007–08 season, the 1. FC Nuremberg remained unbeaten throughout its 26 league games but then lost in the finals to Unterhaching.
From the 2008–09 season, the "Bayernliga" now operates as a single division, allowing direct promotion for its champion. Below this league, two "Landesligas", north and south, were slotted in above the seven "Bezirksoberligas" who previously formed the tier below. A final to determine the Bavarian champions will not be necessary any more.
In 2008, the Bavarian football association had 2,013 registered under 19 teams, a 3% increase from the previous year. All up, 20,699 junior teams were registered with the "BFV" in 2008
Champions.
Bayernliga era.
From 2008 onwards, no final was played anymore:
Winners & Finalists.
As of 2013, this is the standing in the all-time winners list:
National success.
On Southern German and national level, the Bavarian clubs archived the following success:
German championship.
The German under 19 championship was intercepted in 1969 and, as of 2012, Bavarian clubs have reached the final 14 times, winning it five times.
Southern German championship.
The Under 19 Southern German championship was intercepted in 1946 and disbanded in 1973. Bavarian clubs have won the competition 11 times.
German Cup.
The German under 19 cup competition was intercepted in 1987 and Bavarian clubs played in the final nine times without having lost one, as of 2008. Originally, the competition was designed for the league runners-up, this was latter changed and nowadays, the 21 regional cup winners qualify for it. Since 2001, a Bavarian Cup competition for the under 19 is played.
Bavarian under 19 cup.
The Bavarian under 19 cup functions as a qualifying competition for the German under 19 cup and was interecepted in 2001.
League placings since 2003–04.
State-wide league.
The placings in the league since 2008–09, when it moved to a single-division format:
Northern and southern divisions.
The placings in the northern and southern division until 2007–08, when they were abolished:

</doc>
<doc id="20441503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441503" title="1981 St. Louis Cardinals (NFL) season">
1981 St. Louis Cardinals (NFL) season

The 1981 St. Louis Cardinals season was the 62nd season the team was in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 5–11, winning seven games. Despite the improvement the team failed – for the sixth consecutive season – to reach the playoffs, .

</doc>
<doc id="20441511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441511" title="Szczepanowice (disambiguation)">
Szczepanowice (disambiguation)

Szczepanowice is a district of Opole, south-west Poland.
Szczepanowice may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20441519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441519" title="Markovo, Kamnik">
Markovo, Kamnik

Markovo is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20441553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441553" title="Balice (disambiguation)">
Balice (disambiguation)

Balice, in full "John Paul II International Airport Kraków-Balice", is an international airport serving Kraków, Poland.
Balice may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20441558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441558" title="Invermere (riverboat)">
Invermere (riverboat)

Invermere was a river boat that operated in British Columbia on the Columbia River from 1912 to about 1915. It was named for the town of Invermere.
Design and Construction.
"Invermere" was built at Golden, British Columbia, in 1912 by riverboat captain Alexander Blakely Although built in the style of a steamboat, "Invermere" was powered by a gasoline or diesel engine, then a newer method of marine propulsion. In 1914, "Invermere was licensed to carry 20 passengers.
Operations.
Invermere's owner, Alexander Blakely, was a steamboat captain who operated on the upper Columbia route from Golden to Windermere Lake.
Dismantled.
"Invermere" was removed from the official registry in 1915. Other boats on the river were taken out of service at the same time, as riverboat operations were coming to an end.

</doc>
<doc id="20441583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441583" title="Rivers of My Fathers">
Rivers of My Fathers

"Rivers of My Fathers" is a song by American recording artist Gil Scott-Heron and musician Brian Jackson. It was written and composed by Scott-Heron and Jackson for their first collaborative album, "Winter in America" (1974). The song was recorded on October 15, 1973 at D&B Sound Studio in Silver Spring, Maryland and produced by Scott-Heron and Jackson with assistance from engineer Jose Williams.
"Rivers of My Fathers" is a soul song with a jazz arrangement. Scott-Heron's Afrocentric lyrics make references to African-American cultural roots and slavery. Although it was not released as a single, the song was recognized by writers for its instrumentation and theme of cultural significance, and regarded as one of Scott-Heron's best compositions.
Composition.
Musical style.
"Rivers of My Fathers" is a soul song, performed with a jazz-based arrangement spanning over eight minutes; the longest track issued on "Winter in America". Recorded on October 15, 1973 at D&B Sound Studio in Silver Spring, Maryland, the session for the song, as well as "Winter", featured a scaled-down lineup of Gil Scott-Heron and Brian Jackson, with drummer Bob Adams and bassist Danny Bowens, as well as a limited personnel for production. With Scott-Heron, Jackson and audio engineer Jose Williams heading production, these circumstances provided an effective forum for a reliance on strong African and R&B influences during the conception of "Rivers of My Fathers". Scott-Heron and Jackson were credited as Perpis-Fall Music, Inc.. The song opens with swing-styled rim shots by Bob Adams. The opening instrumentation continues into the first two minutes, before Scott-Heron enters with vocals. Usually a spoken word performer, Scott-Heron's baritone voice accompanies and adds weight to the dark groove by vocalizing poetry, providing the lyrical subject matter to the composition.
Lyrical theme.
Similar to the lyrical themes predominant on "Winter in America", Scott-Heron's lyrics are Afrocentric and focus on cultural identity through the use of metaphor. Illustrating the significance of ancestry and cultural roots, "Rivers of My Fathers" features the water motif, a common metaphor in African-American culture, which evokes feelings of home and freedom, to represent faith amid the frustrations of a modern black man. As a metaphor, water was also used to hold the promise of freedom; runaway slaves used the rivers during slavery in the United States both as markers of direction and as a method of disguising their scent from hound dogs.
As the opening verse and chorus suggest, "Looking for a way out of this confusion/I'm looking for a sign, carry me home/Let me lay down by a stream and let me be miles from everything/Rivers of my fathers, could you carry me home." In his interpretation of Scott-Heron's lyrics, music writer and author Mtume ya Salaam explained "Gil sings of 'looking for a way out' out of the cold, hard city; he wants to 'lay down by a stream' that is 'miles away from everything.' But he’s too far away from home, there is no way out—instead of warm, open fields and flowing waters, there is only brick, asphalt and mortar." Following several vocal deliveries of whole choruses, the narrator pleads to the "river" to take him home, which is revealed at closing seconds of the song as Scott-Heron silently says "Africa".
Interpretation.
Due to its lyrical content, critics and music writers have made interpretations and comparisons of the song to Toni Morrison's 1977 novel "Song of Solomon", as their themes both adhere to ancestral and cultural identity. Writer Mtume ya Salaam has also made this comparison, as he later stated in an article for the website "Kalamu":
In addition to its recognition for the literary allusion to "Songs of Solomon", "Rivers of My Fathers" has been recognized by critics and music writers as one of "Winter in America"'s best recordings, as well as one of Gil Scott-Heron's best compositions.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from album liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20441589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441589" title="Osgood Mountains">
Osgood Mountains

The Osgood Mountains are a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada.
The Osgood Mountains climb to 7,877 feet (2,400.91 meters) above sea level, and are located at latitude - longitude coordinates (also called lat - long coordinates or GPS coordinates) of N 41.117957 and W -117.350675.

</doc>
<doc id="20441618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441618" title="Painted Point Range">
Painted Point Range

The Painted Point Range is a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20441632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441632" title="Zhu Wei">
Zhu Wei

Zhu Wei (Chinese: 朱偉︱朱伟) is a Chinese artist. As one of China’s most visible contemporary practitioners of the post-Tiananmen period, Zhu is known for his subtly quizzical critique of politics and society in a rapidly evolving China. Faithful to that country’s quintessentially classical artistic medium, Chinese painting, the Beijing-born-and-based Zhu is principally a painter. In recent years, however, the artist has broadened his formal reach to include print-making as well as figurative sculpture. His "China China" series of monumental Mao-jacket-clad Chinese cadres, begun in 2000, has achieved iconic status. In most of his works, his vision often seems anguished and alienated, personal and political at the same time.
Biography.
Zhu Wei was born in Beijing in 1966. As a teenager, Zhu entered the military. His soldiering days ended when he was admitted to the People's Liberation Army Art Academy, finishing in 1989. After a few years of painting propaganda art for the motherland, his unit was demobilized in 1992. In the following year he went to study at the Beijing Academy of Film. Despite his educational background and association with the artistic values of state sanctioned art, Zhu has an incredible knowledge of Chinese tradition and spends enormous effort in perfecting his ink washes (also called Chinese painting), a technique popularized by Taoist artists in fourth and fifth centuries. His works are widely collected in Europe, the United States, Asia and often feature in international auctions.

</doc>
<doc id="20441636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441636" title="Palmetto Mountains">
Palmetto Mountains

The Palmetto Mountains are a mountain range in Esmeralda County, Nevada. The Lida Mining District and Lida, Nevada are located in the range.
The mountains are east of the Sylvania Mountains and north of the Slate Range and Death Valley. It is a sub-range of the Silver Peak Range further northwest. Blue Dick Benchmark, at 9,289 ft above sea level, is the highest point of the Palmettos.

</doc>
<doc id="20441651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441651" title="Papoose Range">
Papoose Range

The Papoose Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20441666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441666" title="Paradise Range">
Paradise Range

The Paradise Range is a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20441674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441674" title="Religion in Venezuela">
Religion in Venezuela

Venezuela, like most South American nations, is a predominantly Catholic nation. The influence of the Catholic Church was introduced in its colonization by Spain. According to government estimates, 92 percent of the population is Roman Catholic, and the remaining 8 percent Protestant, a member of another religion, or atheist. The Venezuelan Evangelical Council estimates that evangelical Protestants constitute 10 percent of the population.
There are small but influential Muslim, Buddhist, and Jewish communities. The Muslim community of more than 100,000 is concentrated among persons of Lebanese and Syrian descent living in Nueva Esparta State, Punto Fijo and the Caracas area. Buddhism in Venezuela is practiced by over 52,000 people. The Buddhist community is made up mainly of Chinese, Japanese, and Koreans. There are Buddhist centers in Caracas, Maracay, Mérida, Puerto Ordáz, San Felipe, and Valencia.
The Jewish community numbers approximately 13,000 and is mainly concentrated in Caracas.
Currently there are approximately 153,000 Mormons (LDS Church) mostly in and around Caracas. 
Venezuela is also notable for its significant syncretic religious traditions, most notably those revolving around the figures of Maria Lionza and Jose Gregorio Hernandez.
In Venezuela, a growing population of Santeria followers has been growing since 2008. The rituals can cost 40,000 bolivars and include the slaughtering of a rooster, a chicken, or a goat.

</doc>
<doc id="20441681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441681" title="Park Range (Nevada)">
Park Range (Nevada)

The Park Range is a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20441692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441692" title="Paymaster Ridge">
Paymaster Ridge

The Paymaster Ridge is a mountain range in Esmeralda County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20441703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441703" title="Peavine Peak">
Peavine Peak

Peavine Peak, the highest point on Peavine mountain, is located in Washoe County Nevada, at the northwest corner of the Truckee Meadows and about due east of the California state. It forms one of the most dominant geographical features in the Reno/Sparks area. Early prospectors to the mountain discovered wild pea vines growing in the vicinity of Peavine Springs on the northeast flank of the mountain, near Poeville, hence the name.
Geology.
Much of the northern Truckee Meadows is built atop Peavine alluvium, most significantly from just west of Lake Park in Northwest Reno, across the campus of the University of Nevada-Reno, and toward Proctor Hug High School in Northeast Reno. Above these alluvial deposits, the sediments become coarser and are frequently interspersed with diatomaceous material.
Where the gentler lower slopes of the foothills join the significantly steeper slopes of the mountain proper, the sediments give way to their igneous parents. U.S. Highway 395 traverses the so-called "Alta Formation", which is composed largely of pyroxene andesite flows, flow breccia, and laharic breccia. On the flanks of Peavine Mountain, the Alta Formation is frequently interrupted by rhyolite plugs and hornblende andesites of the Kate Peak Formation.
The higher reaches of the mountain display large outcroppings of granodiorite, many of which predominate the features on the upper reaches of the south slope. In addition, one of the most common features of Peavine's geology is the so-called Peavine Sequence, Mesozoic-aged altered and unaltered metavolcanic rock composed of a variety of material including rhyolite flows and pyroclastics, dacite, andesite, and laharic breccias.
History.
Native American Presence.
With the discovery of dozens of archaeological sites on Peavine and in the surrounding areas, it is apparent that aboriginal Great Basin cultures were active in this area. The predominant cultures were those of the Washo and Northern Paiute peoples, their artifacts having been found at locations ranging from Bull Ranch, at the southern terminus of Bull Ranch Creek on the southern flank of the mountain, to the shores of White Lake north of the Peavine (it is interesting to note that many of these sites have been found above the 6,000 foot level). Extant artifacts have been traced to both the Kings Beach (ca. 500-1500 A.D.) and Martis (ca. 2000 B.C. to 500A.D.) cultures at sites primarily located within the Truckee River drainage.
Modern History and Development.
Mineral values were extracted from placer deposits as early as 1856 by prospectors returning to California. These small-scale operations lasted only as long as the water in the stream beds permitted, at which times the miners would clear off and move on. Such intermittent placer mining continued through the 1860s.
A prospector named John Poe, allegedly a cousin of Edgar Allan Poe, came to the area ca. 1862, and soon established the Poe Mining Company. He began work at the Paymaster Mine, and developed and platted the townsite of Poeville on the northeast side of the mountain. Poeville maintained a post office from September 1, 1874 to March 22, 1878.
Aside from Poeville, at least two townsites developed, however briefly, on or immediately near Peavine Mountain:
Recreation.
Due to its proximity to the Reno-Sparks area, Peavine is attractive to and popular with all varieties of outdoor enthusiasts. Under the stewardship of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest, many miles of hiking and mountain bike trails have been added, and the varied geography provides a range of challenges. Peavine is also a favorite for off-road vehicles, although access has become increasingly restricted in the past fifteen years from Northwest Reno, due largely to residential building in that area. The HTNF maintains assorted access points across this area on the southwest flank of the mountain, some allowing for motor vehicles, with others designed for pedestrian traffic; access from the east and the north is substantially less regulated.
To service and install the towers and stations located at the peak and on several promontories, an access road was constructed, curling up the north and east faces of the mountain. Weather permitting, this road is passable by most two-wheel-drive vehicles with modest undercarriage clearance and extends to the uppermost summit.

</doc>
<doc id="20441713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441713" title="Peko Hills">
Peko Hills

The Peko Hills are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20441717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441717" title=".476 Enfield">
.476 Enfield

The .476 Enfield, also known as the .476 Eley, .476 Revolver, and occasionally .455/476, was a British centrefire black powder revolver cartridge. Used in the Enfield Mk II revolver, the Mk III variant was introduced by the British Army in 1881, supplanting the earlier .476 Enfield Mark I and II cartridges, which in turn had replaced the .450 Adams cartridges, all of which also used black powder propellant.
The .476 Enfield cartridge was only in British service for a comparatively short period before it was replaced by the black powder-loaded .455 Webley Mark I in 1887 and then by the smokeless powder-loaded .455 Webley Mark IV in September 1894. Just over 1,000 Enfield Mark IIs were issued to the North-West Mounted Police, and these remained in service until 1911, when the last Enfields were phased out in favour of more modern (and reliable) .45 Colt New Service revolvers.
Using the same bullet as the .455 (11.6mm) Webley Mark I, the .476 casing was 0.05 mm (0.002 in) longer and carried a charge of 18 gr (1.17 g) of black powder, compared to 6.5 gr (0.42 g) of cordite in the .455 Mark I. While the .476 Enfield cartridge could be used in any British-manufactured .455 Webley calibre service revolver, there were issues with the later-production Colt or Smith & Wesson .455 Revolver models, which were liable to have slightly smaller bore diameters.
Despite the difference in designation, the .476 readily interchanged with the earlier .450 Adams and .455 Webley rounds (the latter in black powder Mark 1 and smokeless Marks I through VI), as well as the .455 Colt (a U.S. commercial brand for the same .455 Webley round, with slightly different ballistics), which all used the same .455 in (11.6mm) bullet, the distinction being which diameter was measured. Officially, .450 Adams, .476 Enfield, and .455 Webley cartridges could all be fired in the Webley Mark III British Government Model revolver; although case length, bullet weight and shape, and powder charge differed, all three cartridges featured a case diameter of .476 inch with a bullet diameter of .455 inch, which could be fired in a barrel of .450 inch bore.
The Enfield name derives from the location of the Royal Small Arms Factory at Enfield Lock, the armoury where British Military Small Arms were produced (in this case, the Enfield revolver the cartridge was best known for being used in), while Eley was a British commercial brand.

</doc>
<doc id="20441734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441734" title="Hyak (sternwheeler)">
Hyak (sternwheeler)

Hyak was a sternwheel steamboat that operated in British Columbia on the Columbia River from 1892 to 1906. "Hyak" should not be confused with the Puget Sound propeller-driven steamboat also named "Hyak". The name means "swift" or "fast" in the Chinook Jargon.
Design and construction.
"Hyak" was built at Golden, BC in 1892 for the Upper Columbia Navig. & Tramway Co., of which Capt. Frank P. Armstrong was the principal owner and manager.
Operations.
Hyak was operated on the upper Columbia route from Golden to Windermere Lake. In 1903 "Hyak" was sold to the Columbia River Lumber Company, which hired Armstrong to manage its steamboat operations.
Dismantled.
"Hyak" was removed from service in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="20441749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441749" title="The Gates of Reality">
The Gates of Reality

The Gates of Reality (2008) is the second music album by Australis.
History.
"The Gates of Reality" was produced and recorded in Utah, United States, and was released by Australis through the label Essential Noises on November 22, 2008. Before its release, in February 2007, the now defunct Dutch publication "E-dition" magazine published an article about Australis in its last issue (#16) before ceasing operations. The magazine included two tracks from this album in the audio compact disc that accompanied each issue. These tracks were "The Gates of Reality" and "Paqta Kutemunqa". 
On December 23, 2008, the British electronic music online organization Morpheus Music interviewed Australis about the release of this album.
In contrast with Australis' first album, "Lifegiving", this album took over three years to be completed and released.
Overview.
"The Gates of Reality" has fourteen musical tracks in a variety of styles that include ambient music, electronic music, ethnic music, world music and symphonic music.
Unlike his first release, this album introduces vocal elements on several of its tracks, evidence of a brand new area of musical exploration for this artist. To accomplish this, he enlisted the participation of several musical collaborators in its production: Virginia Luna, Alvaro Aguayo (who also collaborated in one track for "Lifegiving"), Mornie Sims and Rebecca Farraway.
One of the tracks in this album, titled "The Hoodoo's Whisper", was co-composed and co-produced by Australis and his long-time friend, the Spaniard composer–producer Roger Subirana.
As with his first release, a strong feature of "The Gates of Reality" is the variety of styles between its tracks. They jump from style to style in complete freedom producing a sensation of substance and diversity while causing a certain perception of being transported through several different places, cultures and/or states of mind.
Musically, this album presents a solid instrumental foundation on each track, which allows even his most simplistic tracks to remain clean and delicate; while also allowing the more dramatic and elaborated tracks to become powerful and intense.
Conceptually, Australis declares this release explores the relationship between the human being and its own imagination; taking inspiration in fantasy, in reality, and in the cryptic bonds between the two.

</doc>
<doc id="20441761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441761" title="Petersen Mountain">
Petersen Mountain

Petersen Mountain is a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20441784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441784" title="Pilot Mountains">
Pilot Mountains

The Pilot Mountains are a mountain range in Mineral County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20441878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441878" title="William Vaux, 3rd Baron Vaux of Harrowden">
William Vaux, 3rd Baron Vaux of Harrowden

William Vaux, 3rd Baron Vaux of Harrowden (before 14 August 1535 – 20 August 1595) was an English peer. He was noted for his Roman Catholic faith and support of Catholic missionary activity.
Life.
The son of Thomas Vaux, 2nd Baron Vaux of Harrowden, he succeeded his father as Baron Vaux of Harrowden in October 1556.
As a Catholic, Vaux was several times convicted of recusancy during the reign of Elizabeth I. He was committed to the Fleet Prison by the Privy Council, and afterwards was tried in the Star Chamber on 15 February 1581 along with his brother-in-law Sir Thomas Tresham for harbouring the Jesuit Edmund Campion and contempt of court. He was sentenced to imprisonment in the Fleet and a fine of £1,000 (about £ as of ).
Marriages and children.
William Vaux married firstly Elizabeth, daughter of John Beaumont of Grace Dieu, Leicester. Their children were:
His second wife was Mary, daughter of John Tresham of Rushton, Northamptonshire, son of Sir Thomas Tresham I. Their children were:
Properties and heirs.
In 1557 Vaux conveyed the manors and advowsons of the family estates at Great and Little Harrowden to his second wife's grandfather, Sir Thomas Tresham I, who died in 1559 and was succeeded by his grandson, another Sir Thomas. The Tresham Papers contain an account of the family disputes which resulted from a 1571 settlement of the properties, under which the younger Sir Thomas stood security for the payment of £500 (£ as of ) to each of Vaux's daughters by his first wife.
William Vaux's eldest son Henry renounced his rights to the family titles to his half-brother George with the intention of entering the priesthood, but both Henry and George predeceased their father. On Vaux's death in 1595, he was succeeded by his grandson, George's son Edward, who inherited the titles shortly before his seventh birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="20441925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441925" title="Pine Forest Range">
Pine Forest Range

The Pine Forest Range is a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada. 

</doc>
<doc id="20441932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441932" title="Sandy Ruby">
Sandy Ruby

Sandow "Sandy" Sacks Ruby (1941–2008) was an American mathematician and entrepreneur who helped found the electronics retail company Tech HiFi.
Biography.
He was born on July 23, 1941 in Orange, New Jersey, to Myron Ruby and Leonore Sacks. The earliest years of his life were spent on army bases as his father served as an officer in the United States Army during World War II but the rest of his childhood was mostly spent in Essex Fells and South Orange. After graduation from Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts he was accepted into Harvard where he studied mathematics, he later attended M.I.T.
While at M.I.T. he and a fellow student by the name of John Strohbeen started selling stereos out of their dorm room, a business which wold grow into Tech HiFi, one of the largest consumer electronics chains in the country. Ruby and Strohbeen opened their first store at the corner of Massachusetts Avenue and Vassar street in Cambridge. The business had expanded to more than eighty stores by the time they went out of business during the mid eighties.
He died on November 22, 2008 in Boston at the age of 67 from diabetes related complications.

</doc>
<doc id="20441949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441949" title="First Choral Symphony (Holst)">
First Choral Symphony (Holst)

British composer Gustav Holst wrote his First Choral Symphony in 1923–24. It was premiered in Leeds Town Hall on October 7, 1925, conducted by Albert Coates and with Dorothy Silk as soloist. The same performers gave the work's second performance three weeks later in London's Queen's Hall.
Structure.
The symphony is written in the traditional four-movement structure; nevertheless, the setting of the "Ode on a Grecian Urn" and the scherzo can also be performed separately.
Overview.
Composition.
By 1923, Holst enjoyed a substantial reputation as a choral composer. That year he was chosen by the organizers of the 1925 Leeds Triennial Festival to write a new work for that event. Holst accepted the commission. Turning to the poetry of John Keats for his text, Holst utilized various unrelated passages that stimulated his musical imagination. For the introduction and first movement he chose stanzas from the chorus of shepherds in "Endymion" and from the "Roundelay" in Book IV of the poem. The second movement became a setting of the complete poem "Ode on a Grecian Urn". The Scherzo uses much of "Fancy and Folly's Song" a short piece published in "Extracts from an Opera". For the finale Holst chose the lines "Spirit here that reighenest" which the poet had written in a copy of Beaumony and Fletcher's plays; this was followed by extracts from the "Hymn to Apollo", most of the "Ode to Apollo" and the ode "Bards of Passion and of Mirth". The work thus became a four-movement choral symphony, with the vocal parts fully integrated in the overall musical texture instead of being added to the orchestra as an extra element.
Reception.
Though it seems that the Leeds premiere was well-received, the London performance had a poor effect, due largely to an inadequate rehearsal of a demanding piece. The work never recovered from that disastrous outing, and there were plenty of pundits prepared to pour scorn on the work. Literary purists were offended by the juxtaposition of unrelated elements from Keats' poems. Music critics scorned the work, accusing Holst of not pouring enough debauchery into the Bacchanale. Singers found the work difficult. Audiences showed little enthusiasm. Even Holst's friend, composer Ralph Vaughan Williams, admitted that he felt only a "cold admiration" for it. After the initial performances the symphony fell into neglect. From this point Holst's popularity as a composer waned.
Second Choral Symphony.
Holst had planned to write a second choral symphony, based on poems by George Meredith, but did not progress past fragmentary sketches. These sketches are now located at the British Museum in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20441962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441962" title="Platyrhina">
Platyrhina

Platyrhina is a genus of rays in the family Platyrhinidae, containing three species. They are native to the warm-temperate to tropical marine waters in the western Pacific Ocean. They are little-known bottom-dwellers that feed on small invertebrates such as crustaceans, molluscs, and worms. The fanray is found inshore to a depth of 60 m on rocky or rock sandy bottoms.
"Platyrhina" species have rounded heart-shaped pectoral fin discs with short, blunt snouts. Their tails are long and shark-like, slightly flattened with lateral ridges. The two dorsal fins and the caudal fin are large and rounded; the caudal fin lacks a lower lobe. The teeth are small and arranged in pavement-like rows for crushing shelled prey. Their bodies are covered with minute dermal denticles; there are also several rows of denticles inside the buccopharyngeal cavity. The shape of these denticles in "Platyrhina" and the similar "Platyrhinoidis" distinguish them from all other guitarfish species. There are large thorns around the eyes and on the shoulders, and arranged in rows along the back and tail. Unlike "Platyrhinoidis", "Platyrhina" species have an additional lateral row of thorns on both sides of the tail, and no rostral thorns.
As far as known, they are ovoviviparous, with the developing fetuses primarily sustained by large yolk sacs. Research on fanrays in Ariake Bay, Japan, indicates that they are faster-growing, earlier-maturing, and shorter-lived than many other ray species. Male fanrays mature at 2.1 years and females at 2.9 years; the females grow larger and more slowly than males. The maximum known age is 5 years for males and 12 years for females. These rays are typically inoffensive but care should be exercised regarding their large, sharp thorns.

</doc>
<doc id="20441967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441967" title="List of libraries in Sri Lanka">
List of libraries in Sri Lanka

This is a list of libraries in the island nation of Sri Lanka in South Asia.
National Library.
The National Library and Documentation Services Board (NLDSB)
was established under the act No. 51 of 1998 succeeding the Sri Lanka
National Library Services Board which was established in 1970. The board
is placed under the Ministry of Education.The present board of Directors consists of 11 members including a full-time Chairman.The Director General is the chief executive and secretary of the board.
Science and Technology Libraries.
This category created by using Ministry of Science and Technology institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="20441968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441968" title="Say Goodbye to Hollywood">
Say Goodbye to Hollywood

"Say Goodbye to Hollywood" is a song written & performed by Billy Joel, first released in 1976 on his album "Turnstiles". The song achieved greater recognition in 1981 when a live version from "Songs in the Attic" was released as a single. Joel wrote the song after moving back to New York City in 1975; he had previously relocated to Hollywood to see if it would boost his career.
Influence.
Joel has stated in his university lectures that he wrote the song with Ronnie Spector and The Ronettes song "Be My Baby" in mind. Indeed, Joel notes that the two songs share a very similar beat. Recognizing Joel's tribute, Ronnie Spector recorded her own cover version of "Say Goodbye to Hollywood" in 1977, soon after Joel released his first recording of the song on "Turnstiles".

</doc>
<doc id="20441999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20441999" title="Fanray">
Fanray

The fanray ("Platyrhina sinensis") is a species of ray in the family Platyrhinidae.<br>
This species is locally common off the coasts of China, Japan, Taiwan, Korea, Vietnam, and possibly Indonesia. It grows to a maximum known length of 68 cm, but most are 30–50 cm and weigh 200-500 g. The coloration is brown above and white below. The flesh is edible but this species is not targeted by fisheries. The fanray is the most abundant elasmobranch species in Ariake Bay, Kyūshū; it is caught as bycatch in gillnets and trawls and discarded, but its population has not been negatively affected by these activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20442002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442002" title="Let's Make the Water Turn Black">
Let's Make the Water Turn Black

"Let's Make The Water Turn Black" is a patter song which first appeared on the 1968 Mothers of Invention album "We're Only in It for the Money" and later on the 1995 compilation album "Strictly Commercial".
The Story.
"Let's Make The Water Turn Black" tells the true story of brothers Ronald and Kenneth Williams (referred to as "Ronnie" and "Kenny" respectively), neighbors of the song's composer Frank Zappa during his youth in Palmdale, California in 1962.
It claims that while their father, known as 'Dink', was away at work "selling lamps and chairs to San Ber'dino squares" and while their mother, Signa, worked at a small café, the brothers occupied their afterschool time with such activities as igniting each other's flatulence. In the original release, a reference to their mother "in her apron and her pad" was cut from the record; although the reference was about an order pad, a record executive thought it was a veiled reference to a sanitary napkin.
Further references can be found in the opening line of the chorus: "Whizzing and pasting and pooting through the day." "Whizzing" referred to Kenny's need to urinate in jars because he and Mothers of Invention saxophone player Jim "Motorhead" Sherwood were living in a garage on the Williams property, one which lacked plumbing. The results were "Kenny's little creatures on display," a reference to what Zappa described in a 1987 interview with "Rolling Stone" as "mutant tadpoles" which had appeared over time in the urine and could be seen swimming in it. "Pasting" is a reference to another part of the song which states that Ronnie saved his "pneumies" on a bedroom window, described rather bluntly in the song as "dysentery green." During the aforementioned "Rolling Stone" interview, Zappa related how the mess was soon discovered by the boys' mother. So thick was the dried mass that removal required "chisels and Ajax." "Pooting" refers to the act of flatulating.
The song's final verse includes references to the boys' adulthood, namely how Ronnie had joined the military, Kenny was "taking pills" and how they both yearned "to see a bomber burn." This may have a double meaning both as a reference to the burgeoning movement against the Vietnam War and as a reference to an African-American nickname for an exceptionally large marijuana cigarette. The final line, "Wait 'til the fire turns green," may be a final reference to igniting each other's flatulence.
While the song itself is up to interpretation Frank Zappa discusses the song in detail in the book By Frank Zappa and Peter Occhiogrosso titled "The Real Frank Zappa Book". The song title and lyric "Let's make the water turn black" are in reference to Ronnie and Kenny's procedure for producing alcohol from raisins. The lyric "Ronnie helping Kenny burn his boots away" is another reference to the production of alcohol. Ronnie would light Kenny's boots on fire "Wait till the fire turns green" then use the burning plastic as a heat source to heat the raisins prior to the fermenting process. The alcoholic mixtures were then sold by Kenny and Ronnie to students at Frank Zappa's school or used for their own consumption when Mother and Father Williams were away at work.
It ends when recording engineer Dick Kunc opens the talkback line to the recording studio to introduce "a little bit of vocal teenage heaven right here on earth." What follows are several seconds of distorted, guttural vocalizing by Ronald Williams himself.
The next song on the album "The Idiot Bastard Son" revisits the story of the Williams brothers in a more sedate style.

</doc>
<doc id="20442075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442075" title="Ursula Yovich">
Ursula Yovich

Ursula Yovich is an Australian actress and singer. She received a Helpmann Award in 2007 for her performance in "Capricornia" and was nominated in 2005 for her performance in "The Sapphires". She has appeared in over 20 productions, including "Capricornia", "The Sapphires", "Natural Life", "Nailed", "The Sunshine Club", "Nathaniel Storm", and "The Adventures of Snugglepot and Cuddlepie and Little Ragged Blossom" and in the films "Jindabyne" and "Australia". She was the subject of an episode of the SBS documentary series Blaktrax. She is a member of The Black Arm Band. Her father, Slobodan Jovic, was a Serbian immigrant who anglicised his name to Stan Yovich.

</doc>
<doc id="20442081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442081" title="Agulhas Long-billed Lark">
Agulhas Long-billed Lark

The Agulhas Long-billed Lark ("Certhilauda brevirostris") is a small passerine bird. It is an endemic resident breeder in the Western Cape, South Africa. Its restricted range is centred on the Agulhas arable farmlands, from east of the Hottentots-Holland mountain range to Mossel Bay, and occupies a maximum of 15,000 km².
This lark was formerly considered as a subspecies of Cape Long-billed Lark, "Certhilauda curvirostris" until it, with three other subspecies, was elevated to species status (Sibley and Monroe 1990, 1993).
Habitat and breeding.
The natural habitat of Agulhas Long-billed Lark is uncertain, since most of its range has been converted into stony wheatfields and pasture land, only 30% remaining as coastal fynbos or karoo scrub. It is endemic to South Africa. However, it appears to have adapted quite well to its modified habitats, like farmlands, although its distribution is patchy for unknown reasons. At present, very little is known about its ecology and breeding requirements. Like other larks, it nests on the ground. Its food is seeds and insects, the latter especially in the breeding season.
Identification.
The Agulhas Long-billed Lark is 18–20 cm in length. It is long-tailed and has a longish curved bill. It has a streaked buff-grey head and back, and the closed wings are grey. The underparts are cream-coloured with dark streaking on the breast and flanks. Compared to Cape Long-billed Lark, this species more buff and has a shorter tail and bill.
The display song of Algulhas Long-billed Lark is a disyllabic whistle "seeooo seeeooo".
Status.
This species is listed as Near Threatened, since the total population is unknown. However, its true status and the nature of any threats are currently uncertain.

</doc>
<doc id="20442084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442084" title="Malabon, Oregon">
Malabon, Oregon

Malabon (also Clear Lake) is a historical unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States. The area is now a scattering of rural houses and farms northwest of Eugene, close to Mahlon Sweet Field.
Clear Lake runs through the area. It is a widened stretch of Amazon Creek, a tributary of the Long Tom River.
The soils around Malabon define a series of soil types.
Malabon Elementary School is some east-southeast of the historical community.
The Oregon Historical Society has Southern Pacific Railroad timetables listing Malabon.

</doc>
<doc id="20442085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442085" title="Joseph M. Pallissard">
Joseph M. Pallissard

Joseph Marie Pallissard (January 4, 1886 - May 24, 1960) also known as Caproni-Joe, was a pioneer aviator.
Biography.
He was born in St. Anne, Illinois on January 4, 1886. He attended St. Anne's Academy and the University of Illinois.
In 1913, he started a flying school with E. L. Partridge and H. C. Keller at Cicero Field in Chicago, Illinois.
He built his own aircraft and soloed for the first time on June 5, 1915. This flight made him eligible for the Early Birds of Aviation, an organization whose membership was limited to those who had solo piloted a glider, gas balloon or airplane prior to December 17, 1916 (December 17 being the date of the first flights of Wilbur and Orville Wright).
In July 1917, Pallissard helped fly one of the first twenty Curtiss JN-4 "Jennys" to Chanute Field.
Pallissard returned to his farm temporarily in 1927 and then went to work building diesel engines in the General Motors Electro-Motive Division. 
He died on May 24, 1960 in Broadview, Illinois of a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="20442095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442095" title="Phoebe Daring">
Phoebe Daring

Phoebe Daring: A Story for Young Folk is a mystery novel for juvenile readers, written by L. Frank Baum, the author of the Oz books. Published in 1912, it was a sequel to the previous year's "The Daring Twins", and the second and final installment in a proposed series of similar books. "Phoebe Daring" was illustrated by Joseph Pierre Nuyttens, the artist who illustrated Baum's "The Flying Girl", "Annabel", and "The Flying Girl and Her Chum" in the same period. Hungry Tiger Press announced that they would reprint the book as "Unjustly Accused!" in the back of their 2006 reprint of the first book as "The Secret of the Lost Fortune".
Like "The Daring Twins", "Phoebe Daring" involves two orphaned twins, Philip and Phoebe Daring; as its title indicates, the sister takes the primary role in the second book, which delivers a plot about a good man unjustly suspected of a crime — very much as the first one did. This similarity, and lack of originality, might be the best explanation for the book's limited popular success and the termination of the Daring Twins series after two books.
It is clear that Baum had hopes of more Daring Twins novels, involving the younger of the five Daring siblings and eventually their children as well. Evidence suggests that he wrote at least a third book in the series; in the papers left after Baum's death in 1919, the file that contained the manuscript for his last Oz book, "Glinda of Oz", was labelled "Phoebe Daring, Conspirator". Baum's correspondence with his publisher, Reilly & Britton, mentions yet another book, titled either "Phil Daring's Experiment" or "The Daring Twins' Experiment". Yet nothing of these other Daring books is known to have survived.
The girl-detective concept had a persistent hold on Baum's imagination. He returned to it in a more successful series, the "Mary Louise" novels that he began in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="20442143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442143" title="Shivaranjani">
Shivaranjani

Shivaranjani or Sivaranjani is a musical scale used in Indian classical music. There are two scales, one each in Hindustani music and Carnatic music. The Hindustani rāga is a pentatonic scale, while the Carnatic scale is a sampoorna scale (has all seven notes).
Hindustani scale.
The Hindustani rāga "Shivaranjani" belongs to the "Kaafi thaat" in terms of classification of the scale. Its structure is as follows.
The "komal"(soft) "gandhar"(g) in place of "shuddh gandhar" (G) is the difference between this rāga and the global musical scale of "Bhoop".
Borrowed into Carnatic music.
This Hindustani scale is also the currently popular scale in Carnatic music. This scale is a "janya" rāgam (derived scale), as it does not have all the seven "swaras" (musical notes). It is a symmetric rāgam that does not contain "madhyamam" or "nishadam". It is an "audava-audava" rāgam in Carnatic music classification ("audava" meaning 'of 5'). Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) using "swaras" in Carnatic music notation is as follows.
In this form, "Shivaranjani" is considered a "janya" rāgam of "Kharaharapriya", the 22nd "Melakarta" rāgam, though it can be derived from 3 other melakarta rāgams, "Gourimanohari", "Hemavati" or "Dharmavati", by dropping both "madhyamam" and "nishadam".
Popular compositions.
"Shivaranjani" rāgam brings out "karuna rasa" (pathos) and lends itself for elaboration and exploration. It has many compositions in classical music and in film songs.
The popular Hindi film song "Jaane kahan gaye woh din" ("Where have those days gone") is based on this scale. "Shivaranjani" was a favourite of the legendary composers Shankar-Jaikishan (in fact, to be more precise, that of both Shankar and Jaikishan), in addition to the aforementioned song from Mera Naam Joker they also used it for "O basanti pavan paagal" ("O bewitching spring breeze") in "Jis Desh Men Ganga Behti Hai" and "O mere sanam" ("O my love") in "Sangam" "Mere naina Saon Vhado". "Kannum Kannum" from the movie Thiruda Thiruda ("Thief Thief") is regarded as the most different song done in this raga.
In Carnatic music, two "ragamalikas" (songs which have different stanzas in different ragas) start with a refrain in "Shivaranjani". M S Subbulakshmi made "Kurai onrum illai" very popular which begins with this scale. "Kurai onrun illai" literally means "there is no defect" or "there is nothing left wanting", alluding to "we are satisfied and thankful" in prayer to "Kannan" (Lord Krishna). Another composition "Muiyakka muiyakka", by Purandaradasa, also begins with this scale. Another famous composition in this raaga is 'Jagat janani' rendered in Tamil language.
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
Graha bhedam.
"Shivaranjani's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 2 other pentatonic rāgams, namely, "Sunadavinodini" and "Revati". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. See "Graha bhedam on Shivaranjani" for more details and an illustration.
Carnatic scale.
The Carnatic scale "Shivaranjani" is a "janya" rāgam (derived scale) associated with the 64th parent scale "Vachaspati" ("melakarta"). It has "vakra prayoga" (zig-zag notes in its scale and note phrases) and its scale is as follows.
Compositions.
The compositions in this scale are:
See also.
Bhopali
Durga

</doc>
<doc id="20442171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442171" title="Hana Hegerová">
Hana Hegerová

Hana Hegerová (née Carmen Farkašová, born 20 October 1931 in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia), is a leading Czechoslovakian singer, actress and uncrowned Queen of Czechoslovak chanson. Foreign critics call her ""The Great Lady of Chanson"", ""The Piaf from Prague"", and ""The Chanteuse with a Slavic Soul"". Having no comparable competition in Czechoslovakia, she gained popularity primarily as a singer of chanson. She has charmed her audience and critics with an extraordinary ability to interpret the lyrics dramatically. Outside of the Czechoslovakia, Hegerová has attained wide recognition, especially in German-speaking countries. She lives in Prague, Czech Republic.
Biography.
From 1937 to 1942 Hegerová attended ballet school at the National Theater in Bratislava. After completing her primary education in Komárno in 1950, she worked as a clerk for Škoda Works and as a teacher at a vocational school. From 1951 to 1953, Hegerová attended professional theatrical courses at the State Theater Conservatory, then in 1957 joined the company of the Petr Jilemnický Theatre in Žilina.
In 1954, Hegerová played the title role in the film "Frona" under the name Hana Čelková. 1957 saw her first appearance as a singer in "Tatra Revue" in Bratislava. After she came to Prague, the foremost Czech actor Jan Werich offered her an engagement in the ABC Theatre, however, she refused. From 1958 to 1961, she performed at the Rokoko Theatre in Prague, and from 1961 to 1966 at the Semafor Theater where she appeared in the jazz opera "Dobře placená procházka" by Jiří Suchý (libretto) and Jiří Šlitr (music), and film "Kdyby tisíc klarinetů" ("If a Thousand Clarinets"). Hegerová's repertoire included many chansons by Czech and Slovak authors, and also Czech versions of songs from the repertoire of Édith Piaf (""Mylord""), Jacques Brel (""Ne me quitte pas""), and songs by Kurt Weill (""Surabaya Johnny"", ""The Barbara Song"") and many others. In 1967, Hana Hegerová appeared at the Paris Olympia with the songs of Jacques Brel and Charles Aznavour. She also performed at the World's Fair in Montreal. From 1977 to 1981, during the Czechoslovak normalization, Hegerová was forced to stop her activities abroad, and her concert activities were also restricted in Czechoslovakia. Following the Velvet Revolution she began to perform more often in public. During this time she received many music awards, for example, the "Platinum Disc" in 1992, the Czech "Gramy" in 1996. In 2002, Hana Heregová received a Medal of Merit from Czech President Václav Havel.
In August 2011, the national press announced that diva decided to retire from the music industry, saying for MusicServer: "I have decided that I no longer want it. I don't want to sing, I don't want to go public. I want to get rid of stress. Simply, Hana Hegerová enterprise is terminated, only Hana Hegerová remains as a private person who finally wants to enjoy peaceful days with her dog. Wish me luck so that there are still lots of them left."

</doc>
<doc id="20442194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442194" title="Waterloo Police Department (Iowa)">
Waterloo Police Department (Iowa)

The Waterloo Police Department is the municipal police department for the city of Waterloo, Iowa. The department currently consists of a staff of 120 sworn officers and 11 civilians.
Since 1868 there have been 12 Marshals and 21 Police Chiefs for the City of Waterloo. The current Chief, Thomas J. Jennings has been with the department since October 25, 1974 and was appointed Chief of Police November 21, 2000.
The mission of the Waterloo Police Department is to vigilantly protect, serve and work together with the community to prevent crime and enhance the quality of life in the city's neighborhoods.
The department is located at 715 Mulberry Street, and shares a building with the Mayor, City Attorney, City Clerk, and Code Enforcement. The department patch, as well as the livery for their cruiser units is very unique within the state of Iowa as it incorporates a Red Griffin within the scheme.
History of Waterloo police chiefs.
There have been 36 police chiefs for the Waterloo Police Department. Over the course of time, the departmental commanders have been known as Marshall, Chief of Police and Police Chief. This is a preference of each commander.
Fallen officers.
In the history of the Waterloo Police Department, six officers have been killed in the line of duty.

</doc>
<doc id="20442205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442205" title="Mixed Relations">
Mixed Relations

Mixed Relations are an Australian band formed by Bart Willoughby. They play a mixture of reggae, pop, rock and jazz.
Mixed Relations have toured extensively throughout the Aboriginal communities, Australian cities, Pacific Islands, New Zealand, USA, Europe and Hong Kong. Mixed Relations was chosen as the closing act for the 1989 inaugural Invasion (aka Survival) Day Concerts at La Perouse, Sydney and then every Invasion Day concert until its final date at La Perouse in 1994. Their single "Aboriginal Woman" was #89 on Triple J's Hottest 100 in 1993.
Bart Willoughby was a member of No Fixed Address, Coloured Stone and Yothu Yindi. Murray Cook joined Mental As Anything. Selwn Burns played with No Fixed Address, Coloured Stone and Blackfire. Vanessa Lucas was a short term member of Tall Tales and True.

</doc>
<doc id="20442222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442222" title="Saas v/s Bahu">
Saas v/s Bahu

Saas v/s Bahu was an Indian dance television series that aired on Sahara One channel in 2008.
Concept.
"Saas v/s Bahu" is a dance competition between the Saases (mother-in-laws) and the Bahus (daughter-in-laws) from some of the most popular Indian television series. The show was hosted by a television actor Karan Mehra. The 'saases' and 'bahus' will be scored a number out of 10 by the judges, Aruna Irani and Longinus Fernandes (Longie). Each week there was six contestants (three saases and three bahus) who will be competing with each other. 
The top score the contestants can receive is 30 (20 from the judges and 10 from the audiences).
Performances.
The first day the contestants are to do a solo performance, the second day they are assigned a partner to dance with, and the last day will be when the "bahus" will dance with their "saases" but get different scores and the teams will do their triplets. The team who wins the week will be in the quarter finals but they must be valued to be in it. On Mondays the contestants will do their solo performance. Tuesdays the contestants partner comes and does their solo performance. Wednesday the contestants and partner will do their doubles performance. Thursdays are when the saas and bahu dance together but they score separately and they will do their triplets. Fridays they will show the saas and bahu in the drawing room practicing for their big performance!
Quarter finals.
In the quarter finals the rules are little different. The contestants will dance to a song by an actor for solos. Then for the round which the contestant and partner dance together, they will dance on a certain genre, salsa or folk or rock and roll. The saas and bahu will do the same time. For the saas vs bahu round, one of them will dance an instrumental if the team thinks they are the best out of the three. The team who wins the week will be in the semi-finals but they must be valued for it.
Semi-finals.
In the semi-finals the rules are different from quarter-finals and on the regular basis. In the semi-final there are 12 contestants, six saases and six bahus. Only four can go in the Grand Finale from each team. Teammates vote their own teammates out after seeing their performance and scores. The semi-final spend two days for solo performances (about two, three or four a day). But here the rules are different. The contestants do not bring a partner: They just go and dance with their saas or bahus. But its the impersonation round for them so one of them will dress up as a man and one of them as a woman. As always they will get the scores separately. On Friday, so they show the drawing room for all that has happened. Then the next week the saas and bahu will do their triplets (two a day so it ended on Tuesday). On Tuesday they did the vote out. For the next two days they showed who is in the Grand Finale and some of their performances and on Friday they show the drawing room for the triplets.
Support.
Some of the people from Indian television series came to support the teams: Aman Verma, Chetan Hansraj, Hussain Kuwajerwala, Karan Wahi, Mazher Syed, Naman Shaw, Salil Acharya, Sanjit Bedi, Sharad Kelkar, Shaleen Bhanot, and Sonia Chopra.

</doc>
<doc id="20442289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442289" title="Benjamin Till">
Benjamin Till

Benjamin Till (born 8 August 1974), is an English composer, director and film maker, who works in the field of through-composed Musical Documentary, where contributors often tell their stories through the medium of specially written song.
Early years.
Till was born to Richard Till and Noelle Till (née Garner), in Oswestry, Shropshire, and spent much of his childhood in the Northamptonshire town of Higham Ferrers, attending the Ferrers School. He was also active in the Northamptonshire Music School, playing the cello in various youth orchestras and chamber ensembles.
Education.
Till studied music and composition at The University of York, then trained on the directing course at London's Mountview Theatre School.
As a composer, Benjamin's work at York included, music for Arthur Miller's "The Crucible", a lunchtime concert piece, based on text by Siegfried Sassoon entitled "Golgotha", and the aforementioned "The Black Cat". Also at York, Benjamin performed "Eight Songs for a Mad King", a monodrama by Sir Peter Maxwell Davies, where the singer needs to cover more than five octaves.
Till's directing credits during his time at Mountview included Lluïsa Cunillé's "Libration" (graduation piece), which was performed at the Theatre Museum in Covent Garden.
Composing.
Oranges and Lemons.
In early 2009, Till recorded all the bells mentioned in the nursery rhyme, Oranges and Lemons (two hundred bells in seventeen London churches), and wrote a piece of music to feature them all playing in harmony, alongside a choir of people who live or work in one of the areas around the churches. This twelve-minute composition, which included a staggering 4000 individual bell strikes was featured on BBC Radio 3's In Tune and the Today Programme alongside in depth coverage by BBC London (who sponsored the piece with Arts Council England). 
The piece received its premiere performance on 11 July 2009 at St. Mary le Bow Church, London.
Theatre work.
Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
Shows directed for the Edinburgh Festival Fringe include: "Living Together, Falling Apart", (Roman Eagle Lodge, 1995); "The Big Book for Girls", (1994 and 1995); and "We Are Here, Are You There?" (Bedlam Theatre, 1997).
Other theatre.
"Alice Through the Looking Glass" (Fox Theatre, Palmers Green, 1996 and Blewbury Theatre, Oxfordshire, 2002 - Director, adaptor and composer), "Someone Whistled" an opera (Pleasance Theatre, May 1997 - Composer, director), "An Evening of Opera Excerpts" (Royal Theatre, Northampton, August 1997 - Director), "Madam Butterfly" (Royal Albert Hall and Tour, 1998 and 2000 - Assistant director), "Aida" (Royal Albert Hall and NIA, Jan-Mar 2001 - Assistant director), "A Christmas Carol" (Royal Festival Hall, December 2001 - Assistant director), Boy George's "Taboo" (West End, 2001–2003 - Resident director), 
Verdi's "Macbeth" (Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, 2002 - Assistant director), "Little Lil" (Hen and Chickens Theatre, May 2003 - Director), "Little By Little" (Arts Theatre, London, July 2004 - Director)
In 1997, Till was approached by playwright, Sir Arnold Wesker, to collaborate with him on a one-woman musical play that he had written in 1990. The piece was called "Letter to a Daughter", and this was the UK premiere, opening at the Assembly Rooms in Edinburgh, on Benjamin's birthday, August 8, 1998.
Film and television.
Casting.
From 2004 to 2006, Till worked as a casting assistant to casting director, Shaheen Baig, and worked on such films as "Control", "Notes on a Scandal", "Brick Lane" and "28 Weeks Later", the last of which he also worked closely with the two young leads, Imogen Poots and Mackintosh Muggleton.
BBC Films.
In early 2005, he submitted a pitch to BBC London News, who were looking for people to make a two-minute short film, on the subject of "Untold London." The pitch was for a musical film, featuring the different communities who use and enjoy Hampstead Heath. Benjamin was one of ten directors chosen to make their films, and "Hampstead Heath: The Musical" was born. The film was nominated for a Royal Television Society award.
BBC producer, Penny Wrout, then commissioned him to make a three-minute musical film for the Children In Need telethon, showcasing the bizarre and wacky ways that people were raising money for the popular charity: the film was shown twice during the telethon in November that year.
The Busker Symphony.
In 2006 he made four short films for Channel 4's "Three-Minute Wonder" season. The project was called "The Busker Symphony", and a four-movement piece he composed was performed by buskers past and present at various locations around London. Each film featured one movement from the Symphony, variously entitled "Andante", "Adagio", "Scherzo" and "Finalé": the films were broadcast in April 2006.
A1: The Road Musical.
In April 2008, Till started work on his largest-scale project to date, "A1: the Road Musical", again for Channel 4. The half-hour film was produced by Endemol, and followed a lorry driver's journey up the A1, from London to Edinburgh, during which he met various people along the way, who all tell their stories either in song, or set to a specially composed soundtrack.
The film starts with Londoners singing their thoughts while stuck in city traffic, then further up the road a young Polish man is introduced, he is deliberating whether or not to leave England and return to Poland, then a lady who was involved in a severe car accident and the mysterious stranger who helped her, a choir of ex-miners, lamenting the demise of the coal industry, a young man who lost his brother in an accident on the A1, two motorbikers railing at the government red tape that threatens to stifle people's independence and a Berwick-upon-Tweed resident who is campaigning to have the Scottish border redrawn, to make his town part of Scotland, where he feels it rightly belongs.
The film was broadcast on August 29, 2008, and became the fourth most-praised programme aired on Channel 4 that month, based on telephone calls to the station, to congratulate the makers.
Coventry Market: The Musical.
On November 4, 2008, BBC Coventry and Warwickshire screened the premiere of "Coventry Market: The Musical", a film made by Till to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the town's indoor market. Drawing on the whole community surrounding the market, and those who work in it or patronise it, the film spawned a large multi-platform project, with many radio hours dedicated to its creation, and the stories of some of those featured in it, as well as online blogs and news documentaries shown in the region.
Radio.
Till worked with long-term friend, Sir Arnold Wesker, again in 2007, when he was asked to write the featured song (to Wesker's lyrics) and incidental music for Wesker's radio play, "The Rocking Horse", commissioned by the BBC World Service to celebrate their own, and Wesker's, 75th birthday. The play was aired in November 2007.
Other information.
Benjamin has spent a good deal of the last seven years working on a new musical, entitled "Blast", developing it firstly as a stage project, and then adapting his own script for film. There is a demo recording of the show, featuring, among others, Little Britain star, Matt Lucas.

</doc>
<doc id="20442308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442308" title="Tuomas Nieminen">
Tuomas Nieminen

Tuomas Nieminen (born in Vaasa, Finland September 16, 1981) is a Finnish long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20442334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442334" title="Panzhihua New Steel and Vanadium">
Panzhihua New Steel and Vanadium

Panzhihua New Steel & Vanadium Company Limited (), parented by Panzhihua Iron and Steel, involves in the manufacture and sales of iron, steel and vanadium products. It is headquartered in Panzhihua, Sichuan, China.
It was established in 1993 with the name of Pangang Group Steel Plate Company Limited. It was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 1996. Its name was changed to Panzhihua New Steel & Vanadium Company Limited in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20442371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442371" title="Voyager (Manilla Road album)">
Voyager (Manilla Road album)

Voyager is an album released by heavy metal band Manilla Road in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20442416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442416" title="Andrew McKelvey">
Andrew McKelvey

Andrew McKelvey (October 13, 1934 – November 27, 2008) was an American business mogul and former chairman and chief executive of Monster Worldwide. He was a billionaire and a philanthropist through the McKelvey Foundation.
As a 14-year-old, McKelvey started a business in southern New Jersey, buying eggs from a farmer and reselling them to area residents for an additional ten cents per dozen.
McKelvey graduated from Westminster College in Pennsylvania. The Westminster College campus center is named in his honor.
After graduating from college, he operated a movie theater and served in the United States Army. After leaving the Army, he headed to Australia in the mid-1950s, where he hoped he could take advantage of the lag in social trends reaching that part of the world. While there, he began a jukebox business that became one of that country's largest.
He returned to the United States in the early 1960s, and took a job with an ad agency on Madison Avenue promoting products including Vaseline Hair Tonic. At another agency, he managed an account of a client that advertised in the Yellow Pages, which triggered the idea of pursuing the opportunity of advertising in telephone directories.
In 1967, he founded Telephone Marketing Programs (TMP) as an ad agency focusing on the Yellow Pages ad agency, and built the firm up through a series of acquisitions. The business expanded into help-wanted agencies in the 1990s, which provided his introduction into commerce online. In negotiating to purchase Adion, a help-wanted ad agency run by Jeff Taylor, he learned about the firm's Web site, known as the Monster Board. He purchased Adion in 1995 and eventually bought into the Internet strategy. He further solidified the prominence of Monster.com by acquiring rivals Online Career Center and FlipDog.com. Telephone Marketing Programs (TMP) was later known as TMP Worldwide, and eventually becoming Monster Worldwide. By 2007, the firm had more than 5,000 employees in 36 countries and had revenue of $1.35 billion.
As a billionaire philanthropist, McKelvey contributed $25 million to establish the Andrew J. McKelvey Lung Transplant Center at Emory University to support the research of a doctor who had treated him for a lung-scarring ailment. McKelvey helped organize the Families of Freedom fund after the September 11 attacks, headed by Bill Clinton and Bob Dole, which raised more than $100 million to be used toward college scholarships for the children of the attack's victims. He established the McKelvey Foundation in 2000 to fund college scholarships for high school students with an interest in entrepreneurship. He donated $3 million to fund what is now the Andrew J. McKelvey Lower School at New York City's Hewitt School.
McKelvey was a board member of Handgun Control, Inc. and in 2000, founded the Americans for Gun Safety Foundation.
McKelvey left Monster Worldwide in 2006 after questions were raised regarding his involvement in the company's backdating of stock options. McKelvey repaid $8 million to the firm and gave up the majority of his voting shares, relinquishing his super-voting B shares and converting them into A shares, reducing his voting control in the firm from approximately 31% to 7%. He also made a payment of approximately $276,000 to the Securities and Exchange Commission, which acknowledged that he had not been a beneficiary of the backdated options. Federal authorities had begun the investigation after an article in "The Wall Street Journal" raised questions about what the paper called "a series of improbably well-timed stock-option grants to senior executives".
McKelvey died in New York City at age 74 on November 27, 2008 of pancreatic cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20442419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442419" title="Iserbrook">
Iserbrook

Iserbrook is a quarter in the Altona borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg in northern Germany. In 2007 the population was 10,660.
Geography.
According to the statistical office of Hamburg and Schleswig-Holstein, the quarter Iserbook has a total area of 2.7 km².
The western border is to the quarter Sülldorf. In the East is the quarter Osdorf and in the North is Schenefeld in the state Schleswig-Holstein. The southern border is with the quarters Blankenese and Nienstedten.
Demographics.
In 2007, 10,660 people were living in the quarter Iserbrook. Therefore, the population density was 3,998 people per km². Of the population, 16.8% were children under the age of 18, and 26.5% were 65 years of age or older. 283 people were registered as unemployed (<2%), 10% of those being under the age of 25.
In 1999 there were 5,370 households out of which 19% had children under the age of 18 living with them and more than 40% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was less than 2.
In 2007, there were 538 criminal offences. With 50 crimes per 1,000 people Iserbook is among the lowest rates of all quartes in Hamburg where the average is 136 crimes per 1,000 people.
Education.
In 2008, there were no secondary schools and 2 elementary schools in Iserbrook.
Culture.
Iserbook is home to the Martin-Luther-Kirche, Iserbrook, which is part of the parish Sülldorf-Iserbrook. The parish Sülldorf-Iserbrook was formed in 2005 in order to prevent bankruptcy of both parishes.
Sports.
On the southern edge, between Iserbook and Blankenese, there is the indoor pool Simrockbad. Opposite this, there are some playing fields of the sport club FTSV Komet Blankenese.
Infrastructure.
Health systems.
In Iserbrook there are not less than 12 day care centers for children and as well as 15 physicians in private practices and 2 pharmacies.
Transportation.
Iserbrook is serviced by the rapid transit system of the city train. Public transport is also provided by buses. Both are operated by the HVV.
According to the Department of Motor Vehicles (Kraftfahrt-Bundesamt), in the quarter were 4,467 private cars registered (379 cars/1000 people). The Bundesstrasse 431 (one of the biggest east-west transits in northern Germany is passing to connect Altona with Meldorf in Schleswig-Holstein.

</doc>
<doc id="20442439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442439" title="Mekinje, Kamnik">
Mekinje, Kamnik

Mekinje (in older sources also "Mekine", ) is a settlement at the confluence of the Kamnik Bistrica and Nevljica rivers in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is considered a suburb of the town of Kamnik.
Name.
Mekinje was attested in written sources in 1143–47 as "Minkendorf" (and as "Minchendor(f)" in 1209 and "Menkendorf" in 1288). The name is probably based on the Slavic personal name "*Mękyna" (< "*mękъ(kъ)" 'soft'), meaning 'Mękyna's village' and referring to an early inhabitant of the place. It is less likely that the name is based on the common noun "*mękyn'i" 'bran; chaff, husks; soft straw'. The settlement was known as "Münkendorf" or "Minkendorf" in 19th-century German.
Convent.
Mekinje is the location of a large Ursuline convent. The convent with its church dedicated to the Virgin Mary was founded in 1300 by Siegfried of Gallenberg and granted to the Poor Clares. The original monastery was destroyed in 1491 during Ottoman raids and was rebuilt soon after. It was totally rebuilt again in the late 17th century (1682), but by the end of the 18th century it was dissolved by Emperor Joseph II. From 1902 to 1945 it was administered by the Ursuline Order from Ljubljana, but then nationalized after the Second World War and only returned to the order in 1990. From 1972 to 2000 it served as a storage unit for the National and University Library of Slovenia and the convent still has a rich library of its own.
Bridge.
The bridge over the Nevljica in Mekinje was built between 1952 and 1955. Its location was selected by Jože Plečnik, and its detailed plans were created by his assistant Anton Bitenc, based on Plečnik's plans.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Mekinje include:

</doc>
<doc id="20442444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442444" title="Kent Kitzmann">
Kent Kitzmann


</doc>
<doc id="20442467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442467" title="Maskray">
Maskray

The maskrays are a genus, Neotrygon, of stingrays in the family Dasyatidae, native to the Indo-West Pacific. They are so named because of a distinctive color pattern around their eyes, resembling a mask. The species in this genus were originally placed in the genus "Dasyatis" by most authors. However, recent morphological and molecular analyses have conclusively showed that they represent a distinct group, and so the genus "Neotrygon" was resurrected for them.
Aside from their mask-like color pattern, the maskrays are variable in coloration and can be plain or ornate. Their pectoral fin discs are largely smooth, with a single row of thorns along the dorsal midline. The mouth is small with two central papillae and a row of enlarged, long-cusped teeth halfway along the upper jaw on both sides. The nasal curtain, formed by the merging of the nasal flaps, is long and narrow. The tail is very short with well-developed dorsal and ventral fin folds and a filamentous tip, and is banded black and white past the stinging spine. In addition, "Neotrygon" species also differ from other stingrays in their buccal and skeletal morphology, as well as in the CO1 gene.

</doc>
<doc id="20442476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442476" title="List of nematodes in Sabah">
List of nematodes in Sabah

This is a systematic list of 52 species of nematode (Phylum Nematoda) recorded along the coastal area of Sabah, Malaysia. Classification and nomenclature follow Platt & Warwick (1983).

</doc>
<doc id="20442483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442483" title="Jamil Othman Nasser">
Jamil Othman Nasser

Jamil Othman Nasser () was a Palestinian politician, leader and permanent figure.
Early years.
Born in the city of Jerusalem on January 30, 1945. He spent his early years in the city of Jericho in the Jordan Valley, where he received his elementary education. He graduated from school (Coptic College) in Jerusalem in 1965, and soon after left to Beirut, Lebanon, where he studied Law and graduated from the Beirut Arab University, with a degree in Law in 1970. During his university years in Beirut, he joined the Palestinian National Liberation Movement, Fatah, and upon his return to Palestine in the early 1970s, became a leading figure among its leadership in the occupied territories.
Political and Social activism.
Nasser helped establish many institutions in the occupied Palestinian territories, upon the directions of the Palestinian leadership in exile, and was an active member of the various committees launched to coordinate between the various Palestinian factions (factions of the PLO). Nasser participated as a leading member of the "National Front" in the first free elections for the municipal councils of the cities of the West Bank held under Israeli occupation. He was elected as a municipal council member in the city of Jericho in the 1976 elections, and was later elected by the council as vice president. He was the youngest member to be elected for a municipal council in the West Bank at the age of 31. He succeeded the president in 1981 when the latter died, before being deposed by the occupation authorities in 1982 with a military order deposing the elected councils and appointing ones approved by the Israeli occupation authorities.
The 1980s.
In 1982, he was elected as head of the Palestinian Lawyers' Bar. The Israeli response was quick, and Nasser's movement was restricted to the city boundaries of Jericho. He was not allowed to leave the city boundaries and was supposed to report to the police station twice a day, for terms extending to six months each. His final release came in 1988, at the beginning of the Palestinian Intifada, of which he soon after assumed a leading role.
The 1990s and the PNA.
In the early 1990s Nasser served as general secretary of the national institutions in the occupied territories (PLO and other national institutions), a position he held until the signing of the Oslo Accords in 1993, and the resulting founding of the Palestinian National Authority by the PLO. In 1994, he was appointed as the first Director General of the Ministry of Interior in the first government formed by the PNA. A position he held until January 1996, when late President Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian National Authority, appointed him as Governor of Jerusalem, the first governor to be appointed by the PNA and the first governor of Jerusalem since the Israeli occupation in 1967. Governor Nasser served as a governor until September 2008.
Death.
Governor Nasser died on the night of November 22, 2008 due to a cardiac arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="20442534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442534" title="McKelvey Foundation">
McKelvey Foundation

McKelvey Foundation is a charitable organization based in New York City established in 2000 by American businessman and founder of Monster Worldwide Inc. Andrew McKelvey. The Foundation offers scholarships to young people for acquiring college education, and has awarded more than 600 scholarships.

</doc>
<doc id="20442571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442571" title="SS Belgian">
SS Belgian

The SS "Belgian was a 5,287 ton steamship which was built in 1919, sold in 1934 becoming Amelia Lauro, seized in 1940 and renamed Empire Activity" and sunk by a German U-boat in 1941.
History.
"Belgian" was built by Swan Hunter and Wigham Richardson Ltd, Wallsend and launched on 29 August 1919, being completed in October 1919. From 1919 to 1934 "Belgian" was owned by the Leyland Line. In 1934, she was sold to Achille Lauro, and renamed "Amelia Lauro".
On 7 March 1940, "Amelia Lauro" was damaged by German bombing at en route from Newcastle upon Tyne to Piombino laden with coal. She was set on fire and the crew anchored her, then abandoned her. The SS "Titania" rescued 37 of the crew, and the sloops "Pintail" and "Londonderry" assisted. "Amelia Lauro" was escorted to Immingham with her superstructure burnt out. One crew member was killed outright and three were wounded. One of the wounded crewmen later died from his injuries. In an expression of gratitude, Lauro Lines owner Achille Lauro donated £26. 5s to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution in appreciation of assistance rendered by the Great Yarmouth and Gorleston lifeboat in bringing 29 crew to shore. Permission was given for temporary repairs to be carried out.
As a consequence of Italy's declaration of war on 10 June 1940, "Amelia Lauro" was seized as a prize of war. The seizure was ratified by the prize court on 4 May 1941. "Amelia Lauro" was taken over by the Ministry of War Transport, being renamed "Empire Activity". Galbraith, Pembroke & Co were appointed managers. On 27 June 1941, "Empire Activity" was torpedoed by "U-96 off Newfoundland at , 1 nautical mile south of the Peckford Reef. She was en route from Botwood to the United Kingdom laden with zinc concentrates.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Belgian" had the UK Official Number 140659. "Amelia Lauro" had the Italian Official Number 423 "Empire Activity" had the UK Official number 140659.
"Belgian" used the Code Letters KCQH. "Amelia Lauro" used the Code Letters IBEZ. "Empire Activity" used the Code Letters GQXX.

</doc>
<doc id="20442580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442580" title="List of districts of Mizoram">
List of districts of Mizoram

The Indian state of Mizoram is divided into 8 districts.
History.
When Mizoram became a Union Territory on 21 January 1972, it was divided into three districts: Aizwal, Lunglei and Chhimtuipui. Later five more districts were carved out of the already existing three districts.
Administrative structure.
A district of Mizoram is headed by a Deputy Commissioner who is in charge of the administration in that particular district. He has to perform triple functions as he holds three positions as the Deputy Commissioner, the District Magistrate and the District Collector.As a Deputy Commissioner he is the executive head of the district.The District Magistrate is responsible for maintaining the law and order situation in the district.As the Collector he is the Chief Revenue Officer of the district who is responsible for revenue collection and recovery.
A Superintendent of Police (SP) controls the police administration of each district.
A district is divided into one or more subdivisions, further divided into tehsils and blocks.

</doc>
<doc id="20442586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442586" title="Princess Elisabeth Helene of Thurn and Taxis">
Princess Elisabeth Helene of Thurn and Taxis

Princess Elisabeth Helene of Thurn and Taxis () (15 December 1903, Regensburg, Kingdom of Bavaria – 22 October 1976, Munich, Bavaria, Germany) was a Princess of Thurn and Taxis by birth and a Princess and Duchess of Saxony, Margravine of Meissen, and titular Queen consort of Saxony through her marriage to Friedrich Christian, Margrave of Meissen. Elisabeth was the sixth child of Albert, 8th Prince of Thurn and Taxis and his wife Archduchess Margarethe Klementine of Austria.
Marriage and issue.
Elisabeth married Prince Friedrich Christian of Saxony, second eldest child and son of Frederick Augustus III of Saxony and his wife Archduchess Luise of Austria, Princess of Tuscany, on 16 June 1923 in Regensburg, Bavaria. Elisabeth and Friedrich had five children:

</doc>
<doc id="20442598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442598" title="JH (hash function)">
JH (hash function)

JH is a cryptographic hash function submitted to the NIST hash function competition by Hongjun Wu. Though chosen as one of the five finalists of the competition, JH ultimately lost to NIST hash candidate Keccak. JH has a 1024-bit state, and works on 512-bit output blocks. Processing an input block consists of three steps:
The resulting digest is the first 224, 256, 384 or 512 bits from the 1024-bit final value.
It is well suited to a bit slicing implementation using the SSE2 instruction set, giving speeds of 16.8 Cycles per byte.

</doc>
<doc id="20442658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442658" title="Budapest Resonance">
Budapest Resonance

Budapest Resonance is the first, and as of November 2008 the only album of the Hungarian nu-jazz band Toy Division, released by Mama Records in 2003. This was also the very first album released by nu-jazz / electronic record label founded shortly before by Hungarian DJ and radio host, DJ Nesta. The album followed the vinyl-only single of the song "Budapest Resonance", and simultaneously "Abhorrence" was released on video as well. It contains 8 original songs and a cover of "Personal Jesus" by Depeche Mode. These three songs are still frequently played on Hungarian alternative radios.

</doc>
<doc id="20442676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442676" title="Asian Poker Tour">
Asian Poker Tour

The Asian Poker Tour (APT) is a major poker tour focusing on the Asia-Pacific region. It aims to promote poker by conducting poker tournaments and events in major Asia-Pacific cities such as Macau and Philippines. The APT holds main events as well as assists in the setting up of smaller, accredited events throughout the Asian region.
History.
The Asian Poker Tour (APT) is the biggest and original poker tour in Asia.
The first ever APT event was held in Singapore in November 2006 while the APT was still under the management of Singapore-based Capital Events Pte. It was then that poker player Tony G was named the first APT Champion.
The Asian Poker Tour was acquired by AsianLogic (AIM:ALOG) in early 2008 and seeks to continue positioning itself as the premier poker tournament in Asia. Its growing popularity as a highly respected poker tour is a testament to its goal of bringing world-class poker experience in Asia. As a result, the Asian Poker Tour continues to be highly anticipated by poker players and enthusiasts in Asia and all over the world.
This year, the Asian Poker Tour will once again be holding big events at Asia’s most popular poker destinations, including Macau and the Philippines. In line with its commitment to helping the growth of the game in Asia, the Asian Poker Tour is also providing assistance with the setting up of smaller, accredited events in different locations all over the region.
Tournaments.
2008.
The Asian Poker Tour (APT) has held two major events in 2008: APT Philippines and APT Macau. The Asian Poker Tour Philippines 2008, was held in Manila, Philippines from May 27 to June 1, 2008, and was won by Australia-based poker player David Saab. The Asian Poker Tour Macau 2008, on the other hand, was held in Macau, the Gaming Capital in Asia, from 27th 'til the 28th of August in 2008 with Yevgeniy Timoshenko grabbing the APT Macau 2008 Main Event Champion title.
2009.
In 2009, Filipino poker player Neil Arce won the APT Philippines 2009's Main Event. While the Main Event in APT Macau 2009, the twelve-day festival of poker, was won by French online qualifier Adrien Allain.
2010.
The now annual APT Philippines was held at the Resorts World Manila complex from August 23 to 29, 2010. the APT Philippines 2010 Main Event title was taken home by local player Michael Cua.
The APT closed off the year by hosting by the Asian Poker Tour Macau 2010 held from the 6th 'til the 14th of November 2010 at the Hard Rock poker lounge in City of Dreams, Macau. China's Zhang Dan Peng was crowned the Main Event Champion for the APT Macau 2010 Main Event.
2011.
The APT began the year with its new event format dubbed the APT Asian Series. This event features the same type of tournaments the APT is known for but at a much lower buy in. In January, the APT Asian Series Cebu was won by Andreas Lindblom from Sweden. The APT went back to Resorts World Manila for the Asian Poker Tour Philippines 2011 from March 28 to April 3 which was won by Enrique Del Prado, Jr. from the Philippines
2012.
Full Results unposted, APT player of the year Sam Razavi

</doc>
<doc id="20442706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442706" title="Himank">
Himank

Himank is a project of the Border Roads Organisation (BRO) in the Ladakh region of northernmost India that started in August 1985. Himank is responsible for the construction and maintenance of roads and related infrastructure including the world's highest motorable roads across the Khardung La, Tanglang La and Chang La passes. Himank's work ensures access to sensitive military areas including the world's highest battle-ground at the Siachen Glacier and Pangong Tso Lake (at 14500 ft) whose waters span the de facto India-China border. Nicknamed “The Mountain Tamers”, Himank's personnel battling tough terrain and extreme climatic conditions and are constrained in most areas to work within a short working season of four months as roads get blocked by heavy snow and extreme cold temperatures. Between 1987 and 2002 at least 124 Himank personnel were killed while on duty in Ladakh including five officers. Most of the manual labourers are from Bihar not from Ladakh. They are nicknamed Dumkas after a village where many of the original Himank workers were recruited.
Road signs.
Project HIMANK is known to have humorous road signs, photos of which are the subject of the book "Peep Peep Don't Sleep". Examples include:
I'm curvacious, but please take me slowly.<br>
Better Mr. Late than Late Mr.<br>
Let your insurance policy mature before you.<br>
On the bend go slow friend<br>
Feel the curves : Do not test them<br>
Darling I like you : but not so fast<br>
Safety on road : is “safe tea” : at home<br>
After whisky : driving risky<br>
Don't Gossip Let Him Drive<br>
If you are married, divorce speed<br>
Don't be a Gama in the land of Lama.<br>
Way of worship may be different but GOD is One.
Other Himank signboards, notably those in the Nubra Valley, offer philosophical statements from those as disparate as singer Patti LaBelle, French author Jules Renard, author Jimmy Buffett and early Zionist Jessie Sampter.

</doc>
<doc id="20442749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442749" title="Stephen Gardner Champlin">
Stephen Gardner Champlin

Stephen Gardner Champlin (July 1, 1827 – January 24, 1864) was an American physician, lawyer, soldier, and judge. He served in the Union Army during the American Civil War, rising to the rank of brigadier general before succumbing to wounds he received in combat.
Early life.
Champlin was born in Kingston, New York, a son of Jeffrey Clarke Champlin (1798–1872) and his wife Allis Ellen (1804–73). He received his initial education at local public schools, and then he attended the academy at Rhinebeck in Dutchess County for a single term. In 1842 Champlin began studying medicine at Harperfield in Delaware County, and by 1845 a he had a medical practice located at Warwarsing in Ulster County. Champlin decided in 1848 to give up working as a physician, and by 1849 he was studying to become a lawyer. He attended the law school at Balston Spa for two terms, and in 1850 he continued his studies in Kingston, New York. Also that year Champlin was admitted to the New York state bar association, and in 1850 started a law practice in Albany, New York. 
On January 1, 1851, Champlin married Mary E. Smedes at the town of Wawarsing in Ulster County. The couple had at least one child together, a son named Alexander. During 1853 he relocated his family to Grand Rapids, Michigan. There Champlin created a law partnership with Lucius Patterson, and in 1856 he was elected a judge of the Recorder’s Court of Grand Rapids for two years service. He was also active in the Michigan state militia, and on April 22 he was elected a captain in the Grand Rapids Light Artillery (“Ringgolds” Light Artillery.) During 1857 he began a new law partnership, this time with Harry Yale. In February 1858 Champlin was elected a major of the Grand River Battalion. That fall he was elected the Prosecuting Attorney for Kent County.
Civil War service.
When the American Civil War began in 1861, Champlin chose to follow the Union cause. On June 10 he entered the Union Army as a Major in the 3rd Michigan Infantry. This regiment was organized at Grand Rapids to serve three years, and left the city on June 13. Camplin was in command of a reconnaissance on August 30 near Bailey's Corners in Virginia. Afterwards he was highly praised for his performance in this minor action by the Union Army of the Potomac's commander, Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan. On September 5, McClellan sent the 3rd Michigan an aide with the following message: "The general is much pleased with Major Champlin's dispositions on the occasion, which he deems eminently proper, and he desires you to convey his thanks to Major Champlin for the efficient manner in which this service was performed." That fall Champlin was appointed commander of the 3rd Michigan, with the rank of colonel as of October 28.
Champlin participated during the 1862 Peninsula Campaign, and was wounded in his hip at the Battle of Seven Pines on May 31. Subsequently he was granted a 30-day leave to mend. Champlin was commended for his actions during the battle by divisional commander Maj. Gen. Philip Kearny, shortly before the latter's own death in combat.
Partially recovered, Champlin led his regiment during the Second Battle of Bull Run on August 28–30, and was again injured during the battle's last day, re-opening his wound he received in May. During this second leave for recuperation, Champlin was promoted to brigadier general in the Union Army, to rank from November 29, 1862. While resting in Washington, D.C., he wrote to Michigan Governor Austin Blair on January 3, 1863, formally resigning his command of the 3rd due to his promotion.
In 1863 Champlin was appointed to command of the Draft Depot at Camp Cleveland, Ohio. However this order was revoked in late August, most likely due to his health condition. Instead, Champlin was assigned to the command of the Draft Depot near his home in Grand Rapids on September 22. Champlin's hip wound still bothered him, and he reportedly resigned his commission in the Union Army on November 8, 1863.
Champlin died in early 1864 at his home due to his wounds. His funeral was conducted at St. Mark’s Church in Grand Rapids on January 28, and he was buried there in Fulton Street Cemetery. In his honor, Grand Army of the Republic Post #29 in Grand Rapids was named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="20442763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442763" title="Cyrus Lassus">
Cyrus Lassus

Cyrus Lassus was born March 1, 1982 in Arrecife, Spain and made his acting debut in 2006 in the film "Wild Seven", starring Robert Loggia, Richard Roundtree and Robert Forrester. the last film by the late Canadian film director Lindsay Shonteff. In 2006, he moved to Hollywood where he assistant directed two short films, "Zydeco" and starred in plays like "Ramona",

</doc>
<doc id="20442786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442786" title="Chak 128 NB">
Chak 128 NB

Chak 128 NB is a village situated on the Sillanwali to Farooqa Road in Sillanwali Tehsil of the Sargodha District in Punjab, Pakistan. Its neighbouring villages are Chak 130 NB, Chak No. 129 NB, Chak 125 NB and Jahanawala. The village is mainly an agricultural area. The nearest city is Sillanwali, which is also the Tehsil headquarters and nearest police station.
History.
In the 19th Century, as part of a grand engineering programme, the British Imperial authorities built a huge network of irrigation canals to settle what was then a piece of scrubland known as the Kirana Bar. Villages were built along canals, and given numbers. So Chak 128 means village number 128 and NB means North Branch canal. So the name of the village basically means 128th village number on the North (Shumali) Branch canal.
Tribes and clans.
Most of the villagers are indigenous to the region, unlike other colony villages, where settlers were brought from other parts of the Punjab. The exception are a community of Mirpuris, originally from Azad Kashmir. The locals refer to them as Mangla Dami (builders of the Mangla Dam).
The rest of the population belongs to various Kirana Bar tribes, such as the Moand, Kalyar, Khichi, Khokhar etc. While laborers have settled from the adjoining areas of Jhang District. Many belong to the Muslim Shaikh community.
Schools.
The village also has a Boy's Primary School and Girl's Primary school. Mian Abdul Wahid is the headmaster of this school.
Agriculture.
The village relies primarily on agriculture, which the main crops being wheat, sugar cane, cotton, pulses, rice and citrus.
Religion and shrines.
There are three mosques in the village.
All the residents are followers of the Sunni sect. Many are the murid (followers) of the Sufi saint Pir Sial Lajpal of Sial Sharif and of Hazrat Sultan Bahoo (Rahmatuuallah alah).
There is Darbar of "Hazrat Syed Chan Pir". He was a mureed from Hazrat Hyder Shah of Jalalpur Sharif. Many people and murid come to the darbar. There are some personalities of the village buried here, such as Baba Jalal Khichi, Baba Nadir Kalyar Hazrat Molan Muhammad Abdullah Sialvi and khan Muhammad khichi

</doc>
<doc id="20442820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442820" title="Like You Know It All">
Like You Know It All

Like You Know It All (; lit. "You Think You Know It All But You Don't") is a 2009 South Korean comedy-drama film written and directed by Hong Sang-soo.
Plot.
Arthouse filmmaker Goo can't seem to direct a hit, but at least the critics love him. He goes to Jecheon, North Chungcheong Province to judge the local film festival, but the common practice for jurors is to schmooze by day, drink at night, and sleep through movies. He bumps into an old friend Boo Sang-yong in town and drinks till he passes out, but not before soundly offending his friend's wife.
After Jecheon, Goo heads to Jeju Island to give a college lecture. There he meets up with a former mentor, who it turns out is now married to Goo's ex-unrequited lover.
Production.
"Like You Know It All" is Hong's second film to be shot on HD video following his previous feature "Night and Day", released in 2008. The film was produced independently with a short shooting period and low budget of $100,000, with the cast — some of whom have appeared in Hong's earlier films — working without any fees upfront. Shooting commenced in Jecheon, August 2008, where the real-life Jecheon International Music and Film Festival is held annually, before moving to Jeju Island where filming continued into September.
A member of the main production staff said, "the film steps away from the sharp beauty of cinematic form, trying to make some changes while being more loose in form but more dynamic
in atmosphere. It is more hilarious but also bitter at the same time."
"YesAsia" said, "Hong's characteristic episodic narrative and elliptical reflection provide the brooding framework for a bitingly funny send-up of filmmakers, festivals, and the people and places in between."

</doc>
<doc id="20442848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442848" title="Bihari culture">
Bihari culture

The culture of Bihar, a northern state of India, includes aspects such as literature, cuisine, performing and visual arts, and festivals.
Language.
Hindi, Maithili and Urdu are the official languages of the state, whilst the majority of the people speak one of the Bihari languages – Bhojpuri, Magadhi, etc. Bihari languages were once mistakenly thought to be dialects of Hindi, but they have been more recently shown to be descendant of the language of the erstwhile Magadha kingdom – Magadhi Prakrit, along with Bengali, Assamese, and Oriya.
The number of speakers of Bihari languages are difficult to indicate because of unreliable sources. In the urban region most educated speakers of the language name Hindi as their language because this is what they use in formal contexts and believe it to be the appropriate response because of unawareness. The uneducated and the rural population of the region return Hindi as the generic name for their language.
Despite of the large number of speakers of Bihari languages, they have not been constitutionally recognized in India. Hindi is the language used for educational and official matters in Bihar. These languages was legally absorbed under the subordinate label of HINDI in the 1961 Census. Such state and national politics are creating conditions for language endangerments.
The first success for spreading Hindi occurred in Bihar in 1881, when Hindi displaced Urdu as the sole official language of the province. In this struggle between competing Hindi and Urdu, the potential claims of the three large mother tongues in the region – Magahi, Bhojpuri and Maithili were ignored. After independence Hindi was again given the sole official status through the Bihar Official Language Act, 1950. Urdu became the second official language in the undivided State of Bihar on 16 August 1989.
The relationship of Maithili community with Bhojpuri and Magahi communities – the immediate neighbors have been neither very pleasant nor very hostile. Maithili has been the only one among them which has been trying to constantly deny superimposition of Hindi over her identity. The other two have given up their claims and have resigned to accept the status of dialects of Hindi.
Literature.
Bihar has produced a number of writers of Hindi, including Raja Radhika Raman Singh, Shiva Pujan Sahay, Divakar Prasad Vidyarthy, Ramdhari Singh 'Dinkar', Ram Briksh Benipuri, Phanishwar Nath 'Renu', Gopal Singh "Nepali" and Baba Nagarjun. Mahapandit Rahul Sankrityayan, the great writer and Buddhist scholar, was born in Uttar Pradesh but spent his life in the land of Lord Buddha, i.e., Bihar.Hrishikesh Sulabh is the prominent writer of the new generation. He is short story writer, playwright and theatre critic. Arun Kamal and Aalok Dhanwa are the well-known poets. Different regional languages also have produced some prominent poets and authors. Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay, who is among the greatest writers in Bengali, resided for some time in Bihar. Of late, the latest Indian writer in English, Upamanyu Chatterjee also hails from Patna in Bihar. Devaki Nandan Khatri, who rose to fame at the beginning of the 20th century on account of his novels such as "Chandrakanta" and "Chandrakanta Santati", was born in Muzaffarpur, Bihar. Vidyapati Thakur is the most renowned poet of Maithili (c. 14th to 15th centuries).
Bihar has also produced a number of scholars, writers and poets of Urdu, including Shaad Azimabadi, Jamil Mazhari, Bismil Azimabadi (Poet of famous Patriotic ghazal 'Sarfaroshi ki tamanna ab hamare dil mein hai'), Maulana Shabnam Kamali (Great Scholar, teacher, writer & poet), Kaif Azimabadi, etc.
Performing arts.
Music.
Bihar has contributed to Indian (Hindustani) classical music and has produced musicians such as Bharat Ratna, Ustad Bismillah Khan and dhrupad singers like the Malliks (Darbhanga Gharana) and the Mishras (Bettiah Gharana). Bihar has an old tradition of folk songs, sung during important family occasions such as marriage, birth ceremonies, and festivals. They are sung mainly in group settings without the help of many musical instruments, although the dholak, Bansuri and occasionally the tabla and harmonium are used. Bihar also has a tradition of lively Holi songs known as 'Phagua', characterised by their fun rhythms.
During the 19th century, when the standard of living in Bihar worsened under British misrule, many Biharis had to migrate as indentured laborers to West Indian islands, Fiji, or Mauritius. During this time many sad plays and songs called biraha became very popular in the Bhojpur area. Dramas on that theme continue to be popular in the theaters of Patna. Also of note, B Smooth fronted Bihari Beach is one of the most popular bands from the area.
Dance.
There are several folk dance forms that are practised, such as the dhobi nach, jhumarnach, manjhi, gondnach, jitiyanach, more morni, dom-domin, bhuiababa, rah baba, kathghorwa nach, jat jatin, launda nach, bamar nach, jharni, jhijhia, natua nach, bidapad nach, sohrai nach, and gond nach.
Drama and theatre.
Some forms of theatre with rich traditions are the Bidesia, Reshma-Chuharmal, Bihula-Bisahari, Bahura-Gorin, Raja Salhesh, Sama Chakeva, and Dom Kach. These theatre forms originate in the Anga region of Bihar.
Modern Hindi theatre movement In Bihar
The condition and plight of theatre in Bihar was not good in the 1950s. Theatre activities were very amateurish till 1960. In the 1960s, like other regions of India. Modern Hindi Theatre movement also started in Bihar. Satish Anand, talented versatile actor and Director is the maker of Modern Hindi theatre in Bihar. He is known as trend setter in contemporary modern Indian theatre. Satish Anand had established theatre group Kala Sangam at Patna, capital of Bihar in 1962. Created a very healthy theatre environment and popularize Hindi plays and theatre by constantly and regularly staging plays like; Dharmvir Bharti's Andha Yug, Mudrarakshash's Merjeeva, Mohan Rakesh's Adhe-Adhure, Ashadh Ka Ek Din and Lahron ke Rajhans, Badal Sircar's Baki Itihas, Ballabhpur Ki Roopkatha, Pagla Ghora and Juloos, Vijay Tendulkar's Khamosh Adalat Jari Hai, Jat Hi Puchho Sadhu Ki,Gireesh Karnad's Tughlaq, Sophocles Greek tragedy Oedipus, Rambriksha Benipuri's Ambapali, Shanti Mehrotra's Thahra Hua Pani, Ek Tha Gadha, Kisi Ek Phool Ka Naam Lo, Godan, Chandrashekhar Kambar's Aur Tota Bola, Ibsen's Enemy of the people(Janshatru), Ben Johnson's Volpony (Chor Ke Ghar Mor), Delhi Uncha Sunati Hai, Manoj Mitr's Rajdarshan, Debashish Majumdar's Tamrapatra,Sushil Kumar Singh's Singhasan Khali Hai, Bertolt Brecht's Three Penny Opera ( Do Takkey Ka Swang), Jyoti Mahpseker’s Beti Aayee Hai etc. Kala Sangam’s director Satish Anand had worked on every new production as a Production Oriented Theatre Workshop. He worked hard and trained actors-actresses in every department of acting. 
Production of Adhe-Adhure in 1973 was considered a great happening in History of the cultural field of Bihar. This incidence was considered as Renaissance of theatre in Bihar. Kala Sangam always preferred to take up Socio-Political-Economic issues in its plays. Variety in designing of play-productions with innovative ideas and high class powerful performances injected & created a keen interest for theatre among the people of Bihar. The conservative and orthodox society opened up slowly and started liberalizing their views about this powerful performing art, theatre and specially about its actors-actresses. In fact, Theatrical activities of Kala Sangam took a shape of cultural Movement in Bihar. Intellectuals, educationists, Artists of other allied arts and people from all sections of the society either associated themselves with the movement or started taking interest in theater activities and become the regular theater audience. A Large number of working women & school-college going girls were allowed by their guardians and parents to participate actively in plays, and the best part was that they made their presence felt on stage with their talents. 
Hundreds of boys and girls were trained by Satish Anand during these years. Some of the trained actor-actresses are Kunal Singh (famous Bhojpuri actor), Basant Kumar (now famous actor and script writer of Bhojpuri cinema and TV serials), Umesh Srivastav, Vineeta Agarwal, Navneet Sharma, Veena Sahay, Vandana Gupta, Vineeta Singh, Shailendra Jha, Hari Saran, Suman Kumar, Kiran Kant Verma (now famous Bhojpuri film director), Vineet Kumar (now famous Bollywood & TV actor), Uma Shanker, Paritosh Shukla, Kanhaiya Prasad, Jhunnu Srivastav, Rajiv Soni, Vineet Jha (now famous Bhojpuri actor) Nilesh Mishra, Parvez Akhtar, Javed Akhtar, Abhay Sinha, Anil Kumar Sinha (famous painter), Arun Mishra, Arvind Mehra (Famous Bollywood Voice-over Artist), Om Prakash Yadav,Jammu, Ram Krishan Pandey, Uday Manna, Awinindra Ashutosh (Deepu), Apu, Prithvi Singh, Sudhir Sinha, Prahlad Sinha,Ratnaker, Thakur Onkar Nath, Rajkumar Mehrotara, Ashok Pandey, Ramesh Singh, Virendra Mandal, Paras, Ram Kishor, Ahindra Verma, Ravindra Singh, Ashish Mishra, Punj Prakash (Munchun), Alok Kapoor, Praveen Singh Sisodia (now famous Bollywood actor), Krishan Murai, Sam, Pankaj Kharbanda, Anand, Tony, Hrishikesh Sulabh, Anjani Sinha, Naveen Adhikari, Sanjay Jha, Vikas Shekhar, Dharmendra Mohan, Randhir Kumar, Dhirendra, Chanchal, Rajeev Pandey, Amita Mehrotra, Reeta Adhikari, Ranjana Ragini, Walsa Uppal, Frida Hassan, Shanta Jaitely, Vandana Sharma, Shyamilee Chatterjee, Shruti Shukla, Veena Sinha, Maya Prasad, Sarita Sinha, Neelam sharma, Anjana Bhanti, Anju Jha, Rashmi Sinha, Tamra Uppal, Vani Singh, Puja Verma, Rachna Verma, Sapna Verma, Mala Uppal, Poonam Singh, Sarita Bhatia, Tabassum, Zeba, Sushma Sinha, Shweta Ghosh, Kavita Kundra, Swapna Roy, Poonam Verma, Preeti Sinha etc.
The quality and class of Kala Sangam’s play-productions established Kala Sangam as pioneer of Hindi theatre of Bihar and leading theatre groups of India. Patna became the one of the most active-theatre center of India in 70's, 80's & 90’s. The outstanding and high class play production of Kala Sangam directed and designed by Satish Anand put Bihar on national theatre map. Eminent theatre critic Dhyneshwar Nadkarni, after watching the plays of Kala Sangam in 1979 wrote in Economic Times with this heading “ Small Town Stalwarts”. People started accepting that Kala Sangam gave a new face to Theatre of Bihar.
Satish Anand introduced Street Thatre in Bihar during J.P Movement in 1975. Kalakar Sangharsh Samitee was formed under the eminent novelist Phanishwarnath “Renu’ and revolutionary Hindi Poet Baba Nagarjun. Many young painters (students of Art College, Patna), poets like Satyanarayan, Gopivallabh, Paresh Sinha, Ravindra Rajhans, Robin Shaw Pushp, Ripudaman Singh (Short Story Writer) etc. Actors, Journalists and intellectuals were the part of this Sangharsh Samitee, Sangharsh Samitee used to organize Painting Exhibition followed by poetry recitation by poets and performances of street plays under the direction of Satish Anand in every evening for 30 days in different corners of Patna to educate and arouse the conscience of the citizen against the misrule. Firebrand Young Journalist Jugnu Shardey and Basant Kumar wrote scripts ’18 march Ki Dohpahar” and ‘Afwah Mantri’ for Street Theatre (Nukkar Natak) performances.
Kala Sangam first time presented its Street Theatre, Badal Sircar,s Juloos’ under the direction of Satish Anand. Production of Kala Sangam on street corner, parks and road sides created a history in Patna. Kala Sangam had presented 108 shows of Juloos in Patna and outside Bihar. Large number of audience used to assemble at performing corners and enjoyed the performances. Success of the Juloos created large number of theatre audience in Patna. Success of ‘Juloos” had also motivated and inspired many political parties to start or form their cultural groups to perform street plays. IPTA, Patna was revived in 1979 and started its dramatic activities under talented young director Kasim Khursheed
Kala Sangam had organized its first theatre festival and first all India theatre Seminar in 1978. Kala Sangam presented its five plays, Andha Yug, Ashadh Ka Ek Din, Lahron Ke Rajhans, Ballabhpur Ki Roopkatha & Singhasan Khali Hai. The Subject of the All India theatre Seminar was "Aaj Ka Natak Aur Rangmanch" (Today's Drama & theatre) Mr. B.V Karanth, Dr. Pratibha Agarwal and Sachidanand Hiranand Vatsyayan were the guest speaker of this seminar. 2nd Kala Sangam's Theatre festival and All India theatre Seminar was organized in 1979. Eminent scholar theatre critic Nemi Chand Jain, Dhyaneshwar Nadkarni had participated in the seminar and also witnessed plays presented in the festival. Kala Sangam had organized its nine theatre Festivals from 1978 to 1995 respectively. Kala Sangam’s work had inspired many people in Bihar to start theatrical activities in their respective places.
It is a wrong notion or perception among the people of Bihar about Bidesia Style. In the early 19th and 20th centuries there were many Launda Naach Parties in Bihar. Bhikhari Thakur also had a Naach Party (Launda Naach) in Kutub Pur, North Bihar, He had many Laundas (male dancers in female costumes and makeup using vulgar, obscene gestures with dancing body movements to entertain the villagers who didn’t have the access to other mediums of entertainment.) Bhikhari Thakur with his Naach party used to travel to remote area of north and central Bihar to perform its Naachs. Skits or Short plays were also staged in these Naachs. Bidesia was his play. Bhikhari Thakur interpreted Bidesia, as “a person who has left his home and his dependents to earn his livelihood in far-off places like Dhaka, Calcutta (now Kolkata) etc. And does not come back to his native village and settles permanently there and also gets married, forgets his family, wife and children etc, leaves them to live in misery or remain suffering emotionally, physically financially, bear all the physical, Mental and sexual tortures whole life”. This was a severe problem in U.P and Bihar at that time. Bhikhari Thakur saw this problem and observed this minutely. Bhikhari Thakur was a great Bhojpuri poet, singer, music composer and actor. He took this problem and made a theme of his one of the Naach. 
In the opening scene of his every play performance the narrator comes on stage and tells or informs the audience that he is going to show them a ‘Bidesia Ka Naach or Bidesia Ka Tamasha’ or ‘Beti Bechvaa Ka Naach or Tamasha’ These opening lines are spoken in his every written play. 
Bhikhari Thakur had never claimed that he was going to perform any of his play in Bidesia style. Bidesia is a written play (Text) and Bidesia Style is a Format or form of presentation (Visual communication). Therefore, one should not be mistaken while speaking about Bidesia play and Bidesia style.
In 1984 Satish Anand had evolved a new theatre idiom 'BIDESIA STYLE' for Modern Indian theatre by using indigenous traditional folk theatre elements of Bihar. Satish Anand started his research. Conceptualized the form and finalized its Format. Evolved a new Theatrical Idiom for Modern Indian Theatre ‘BIDESIA’ based on Lesser-Known Traditional Theatrical Folk Forms of Bihar, LAUNDA NAACH & NAACH PARTIES ( With Special reference to Bhikhari Thakur’s Naach Party ), Traditional Songs, Traditional Music, Traditional Dances, Folk Culture, Life-Cycle, Rituals, Customs, Faith & Belief, Life styles, Habits, Behavior, Festivals & Celebrations etc. of Bihar. Format of BIDESIA style consists of Theatrical elements, chosen very carefully from above & creatively used in this style with contemporary & modern sensibility. Bidesia style is a new Theatrical Idiom ( Rang Bhasha ) of Modern Indian Theatre. This style works as a Bridge between Rural & Urban Theatre. Initially short stories written by Phanishwar Nath 'Renu', short stories by Mandhkar Gangadhar were read but at last one day a short story 'Amli' which was published in "Sarika" Hindi magazine was selected. Renowned Hindi Writer Kamleshwar was its Editor. Satish Anand liked that story and started work on it. He completely rearranged the incidents and sequences, created new characters, incidents and situations according to the thought format of Bidesia style. Bhojpri dialect was used in the play. Director selected music from all parts of Bihar i.e. Mithilanchal, Angika, Magahi, Bhojpuri, vajjika region. Traditional music, Songs & their Tunes were selected according to the conflict, mood, feelings of the characters and situations. Best part of that Every actor of Kala Sangam contributed his knowledge and experience in Adaptation of a short story ‘AMALI’, Adaptation of a Shudraka's Sanskrit play ‘MARICHCHHAKATIKA’( Mati Gari ) and Phanishwar Natn's Hindi Novel ‘MAILA ANCHAL in Bidesia Style. And in 1994, a new play Rabindranath Tagore’s ‘MUKTADHARA’ Produced & presented in BIDESIA style. With the innovation of Bidesia style, Satish Anand gave a new identity to Theatre of Bihar.
Kala Sangam also toured Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Bhubaneshwar, Bhopal, Ujjain, Guwahati, Kota, Jaipur, Jodhpur, Bikaner, Hanuman Garh, Ganga Nager, Lucknow,Allahabad, Nanital & Allahabad etc. etc. with its plays. All these plays had been presented very successfully in various Zonal & National Folk Theatre Festivals organized in different parts of India respectively. This Bidesia style had been recognized by Theatre Practitioners and Theatre Critics & appreciated by audience throughout the country. Fascinating part is that this style has also influenced Modern Indian Theatre. Kala Sangam had staged Muktadhara in Bidesia Style in Bharangam, Delhi in 2000. 
Bhagwan Sinha, Pyare Mohan Sahay, R.S Chopra were other great stage actors. They had entertained the audience with their performances. Bihar Art Theatre is also very important theatre group. Its founder director Anil Mukherjee was also a playwright. Usha Kiran Khan Avinash Chandra Mishra Shrikant Kishor emerged as powerful playwrights. many new theatre organizations were established in late 1970s, 1980s and 1990s. Ankur, Prangan, Nirman Kala Manch, Pryas, Prerna, Bhangima, Aangan, Manch, Jan Sanskrity Manch etc. also contributed to Bihar theatre with their regular theatre activities.
Main article: Languages in Bihar
See also: Angika, Bhojpuri, Magadhi, Maithili language, Hindi in Bihar, Urdu Language in Bihar, and Magadhi Prakrit
Hindi, Maithili and Urdu are the official languages of the state, whilst the majority of the people speak one of the Bihari languages – Bhojpuri, Magadhi, etc. Bihari languages were once mistakenly thought to be dialects of Hindi, but they have been more recently shown to be descendant of the language of the erstwhile Magadha kingdom – Magadhi Prakrit, along with Bengali, Assamese, and Oriya.needed
The number of speakers of Bihari languages are difficult to indicate because of unreliable sources. In the urban region most educated speakers of the language name Hindi as their language because this is what they use in formal contexts and believe it to be the appropriate response because of unawareness. The uneducated and the rural population of the region return Hindi as the generic name for their language.
Despite of the large number of speakers of Bihari languages, they have not been constitutionally recognized in India. Hindi is the language used for educational and official matters in Bihar.These languages was legally absorbed under the subordinate label of HINDI in the 1961 Census. Such state and national politics are creating conditions for language endangerments.[3 The first success for spreading Hindi occurred in Bihar in 1881, when Hindi displaced Urdu as the sole official language of the province. In this struggle between competing Hindi and Urdu, the potential claims of the three large mother tongues in the region – Magahi, Bhojpuri and Maithili were ignored. After independence Hindi was again given the sole official status through the Bihar Official Language Act, 1950. Urdu became the second official language in the undivided State of Bihar on 16 August 1989.
The relationship of Maithili community with Bhojpuri and Magahi communities – the immediate neighbors have been neither very pleasant nor very hostile. Maithili has been the only one among them which has been trying to constantly deny superimposition of Hindi over her identity. The other two have given up their claims and have resigned to accept the status of dialects of Hindi.
Literature
Main article: Literature in Bihar
Bihar has produced a number of writers of Hindi, including Raja Radhika Raman Singh, Shiva Pujan Sahay, Divakar Prasad Vidyarthy, Ramdhari Singh 'Dinkar', Ram Briksh Benipuri, Phanishwar Nath 'Renu', Gopal Singh "Nepali" and Baba Nagarjun. Mahapandit Rahul Sankrityayan, the great writer and Buddhist scholar, was born in Uttar Pradesh but spent his life in the land of Lord Buddha, i.e., Bihar.Hrishikesh Sulabh is the prominent writer of the new generation. He is short story writer, playwright and theatre critic. Arun Kamal and Aalok Dhanwa are the well-known poets. Different regional languages also have produced some prominent poets and authors. Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay, who is among the greatest writers in Bengali, resided for some time in Bihar. Of late, the latest Indian writer in English, Upamanyu Chatterjee also hails from Patna in Bihar. Devaki Nandan Khatri, who rose to fame at the beginning of the 20th century on account of his novels such as Chandrakanta and Chandrakanta Santati, was born in Muzaffarpur, Bihar. Vidyapati Thakur is the most renowned poet of Maithili (c. 14th to 15th centuries).
Bihar has also produced a number of scholars, writers & poets of Urdu, including Shaad Azimabadi, Jamil Mazhari, Bismil Azimabadi (Poet of famous Patriotic ghazal 'Sarfaroshi ki tamanna ab hamare dil mein hai'), Maulana Shabnam Kamali (Great Scholar, teacher, writer & poet), Kaif Azimabadi, etc.
Visual arts.
Painting.
Mithila paintings are a style of Indian painting, practiced in the Mithila region of Bihar. Tradition states that this style of painting originated at the time of the Ramayana, when King Janak commissioned artists to do paintings at the time of marriage of his daughter, Sita, to Lord Ram. The painting was traditionally done on freshly plastered mud wall of huts, but now it is also done on cloth, handmade paper and canvas. Madhubani painting mostly depict the men and its association with Nature & scenes and deities like Krishna, Ram, Shiva, Durga, Lakshmi, and Saraswati from ancient epics. Natural objects like the sun, the moon, and religious plants like tulsi are also widely painted, along with scenes from the royal court and social events like weddings. Generally no space is left empty. Traditionally, painting was one of the skills that was passed down from generation to generation in the families of the Mithila Region, mainly by women. The painting was usually done on walls during festivals, religious events, and other milestones of the life-cycle such as birth, Upanayanam (Sacred thread ceremony), and marriage.This painting is in fact the simplistic manifestation of the philosophical heights achieved by our nation in yesteryears .There are so many Famous Mithila painters like Smt Bharti dayal, Mahasundari Devi, late Ganga devi, late Sita devi and others who have induced intellectual edges in their paintings and made it Famous & Prestigious Worldwide . Bharti Dayal is considered as one of the greatest Mithila painter as her work of art is a unique amalgamation of Heritage & modernity .It appear fresh and graceful . Radha is not a mythical character hemmed in by tradition but a selfless striver for sublimity also in Bharti's canvases !! Besides National Award, She has also been Honoured with The Vishist Bihari Samman amid festivities to commemorate 100 year of Bihar .
Manjusha Kala or Angika Art is an art form of Anga region of Bihar.
Patna School of Painting or "Patna Qalaam", some times also called "Company painting", offshoot of the well-known Mughal Miniature School of Painting flourished in Bihar during early 18th to mid-20th centuries. The practitioners of this art form were descendants of Hindu artisans of Mughal painting who facing persecution from the Mughal Emperor, Aurangzeb found refuge, via Murshidabad, in Patna during the late 18th century. They shared the characteristics of the Mughal painters, but unlike them (whose subjects included only royalty and court scenes), the Patna painters also started painting bazaar scenes. The paintings were executed in watercolours on paper and on mica. Favourite subjects were scenes of Indian daily life, local rulers, and sets of festivals and ceremonies. Most successful were the studies of natural life, but the style was generally of a hybrid and undistinguished quality. It is this school of painting that formed the basis for the formation of the Patna Art School under the leadership of Shri Radha Mohan. College of arts and crafts Patna is an important center of Fine Arts in Bihar.
Sculpture.
The first sculptures in Bihar date back to the Mauryan empire, where stone and bronze figures have been discovered. Pillars of Ashoka and Didarganj Yakshi are estimated to be at least 2000 years old; and were carved out from a single piece of stone. The statues are found all over Bihar. Sculptures were also made from bronze, an advanced technique at that time. An example of this is the 1500 years old Sultanganj Buddha statue, which is about 7 ft and made of 500 kg bronze, the largest of that period. A multiplicity of statues, ranging from Hellenistic gods, to various Gandharan lay devotees, are combined with what are thought to be some of the early representations of the Buddha and Bodhisattvas. Today, it is still unclear when the Greco-Buddhist art of Gandhara exactly emerged, but the findings in Sirkap indicate that this art was already highly developed before the advent of the Kushans. Mandar Hill has the unique image of Lord Vishnu, from the Gupta period, in his man-lion incarnation. The image is 34 inches high and made of black stone. Most the Hindu and Buddhism sculptures was destroyed by Muslim invaders along with the other major centers of Hinduism and Buddhism in India.
Architecture.
The first examples of significant architecture pieces in Bihar date back to the vedic period. While the Mauryan period marked a transition to the use of brick and stone, wood was still the material of choice. Chanakya, in the arthashastra, advises the use of brick and stone for their durability. Megasthenes mentions that the capital city of Pataliputra was encircled by a wooden palisade. Evidence of this has been found in recent excavations in Kumrahar in modern day Patna. Remains of an 80 pillared hall has also been unearthed. Many stupas like those at Nalanda and Vikramshila were originally built as brick and masonry mounds during the reign of Ashoka.
The Buddhist stupa, a dome shaped monument, was used in India as a commemorative monument associated with storing sacred relics. The stupa architecture was adopted in Southeast and East Asia, where it became prominent as a Buddhist monument used for enshrining sacred relics. Upon its discovery, these became known as "pagoda" to Westerners. Fortified cities with stūpas, "viharas", and temples were constructed during the Maurya empire (c. 321–185 BCE). --> Wooden architecture was popular and rock cut architecture became solidified. --> Guard rails—consisting of posts, crossbars, and a coping—became a feature of safety surrounding a stupa. --> Temples—build on elliptical, circular, quadrilateral, or apsidal plans—were constructed using brick and timber.--> The Indian gateway arches, the "torana", reached East Asia with the spread of Buddhism. Some scholars hold that "torii" derives from the torana gates at the Buddhist historic site of Sanchi (3rd century BCE – 11th century CE).
Walled and moated cities with large gates and multi-storied buildings which consistently used arched windows and doors are important features of the architecture during this period. --> The Indian emperor Ashoka (rule: 273 BCE to 232 BCE) himself established a chain of hospitals throughout the Mauryan empire by 230 BCE. One of the edicts of Ashoka (272—231 BCE) reads: "Everywhere King Piyadasi (Asoka) erected two kinds of hospitals, hospitals for people and hospitals for animals. Where there were no healing herbs for people and animals, he ordered that they be bought and planted." Buddhist architecture blended with Roman architecture and Hellenestic architecture to give rise to unique blends—such as the Greco-Buddhist school. The state was largely in ruins when visited by Hsüan-tsang, and suffered further damage at the hands of Mughal raiders in the 12th century. Though parts of the Bihar have been excavated, much of it still lies buried beneath modern Bihar.Rock-cut stepwells in India date from 200–400 CE. Subsequently, the wells at Dhank (550–625 CE) and construction of stepped ponds at Bhinmal (850–950 CE) takes place.
Mughal tombs of sandstone and marble show Persian influence. Sher Shah Suri and his successor had created some eligent Mughal architecture like Sher Shah Suri Tomb. Ibrahim Khan, Governor of Bihar, who was also Makhdum Daulat's disciple finished the construction of Makhdum Daulat in mausoleum in 1616. The building at Maner Sharif is a marvelous one. The walls of the building are adorned with intricate designs. There is a big dome on the top and the ceiling is full of inscriptions depicted from the Quran.
Patna High Court, Bihar Vidhan Sabha, Bihar Vidhan Parishad, Transport Bhawan, Patna, Golghar St. Mary's Church and Patna Museum are some example of Indo-Saracenic Architectures.
Craft.
The artisans of Bihar have been very skillful in creating articles using local materials. Baskets, cups and saucers made from bamboo-strips or cane reed are painted in vivid colors are commonly found in Bihari homes. A special container woven out of sikki grass in the north, the "pauti", is a sentimental gift that accompanies a bride when she leaves her home after her wedding. The weavers of Bihar have been practicing their trade for centuries. Among their products in common use are the cotton dhurries and curtains. They are produced by artisans in central Bihar, particularly in the Patna and Biharsharif areas. These colourful sheets, with motifs of Buddhist artifacts, pictures of birds, animals, and/or flowers, gently wafting in the air through doors and windows, blown by a cool summer breeze, used to be one of the most soothing sights as one approached a home or an office.
Bhagalpur is well known for its seri-culture, manufacture of silk yarn and weaving them into lovely products. It is known as the tussah or tussar silk.
Cuisine.
Chitba and Pitthow which are prepared basically from rice, are special foods of the Anga region. Tilba and Chewda of Katarni rice are also special preparations of Anga. Kadhi bari is a popular favorite and consists of fried soft dumplings made of besan (gram flour) that are cooked in a spicy gravy of yogurt. This dish goes very well with plain rice.
Bihar offers a large variety of sweet delicacies which, unlike those from Bengal, are mostly dry. These include Anarasa, Belgrami, Chena Murki, Motichoor ke Ladoo, Kala Jamun, Kesaria Peda, Khaja, Khurma, Khubi ki Lai, Laktho, Parwal ki Mithai, Pua & Mal Pua, Thekua, Murabba and Tilkut. Many of these originate in towns in the vicinity of Patna. Several other traditional salted snacks and savouries popular in Bihar are Chiwra, Dhuska, Litti, Makhana and Sattu.
There is a custom of eating Boiled Rice based lunch and Roti based dinner and breakfast. The food culture is both vegetarian and non-vegetarian. People from Mithilanchal enjoy both veg as well as non-veg dishes and cuisine of Mithilanchal area is unique in its own way.Machchak Jhor is a special fish curry made in mustard paste and is a preparation from Mithila. Maus is generally mutton or chicken or squails (tittar/battair) in a spicy gravy and is generally enjoyed with malpuas.Kankorak Chokha is a Mashed preparation of Crab (Kankor) after roasting the crab.Dokak Jhor generally are Oysters stew cooked with Onion gravy.
Chitba (a flour and sugar pancake) and Pitthow, which is prepared basically from rice, are special foods of the Anga region. Tilba and (choora) of Katarni rice are also special preparations of Anga.
Kadhi bari is a popular favorite and consists of fried soft dumplings made of besan (gram flour) that are cooked in a spicy gravy of yogurt and besan. This dish goes very well with plain rice. People also enjoy eating Chura or Chiwda (beaten rice) with yogurt and sugar. Arikanchanak Tarkari is a preparation of Marinated sun dried Colocasia leaves, steamed and cooked in mustard gravy and is a famous maithil dish,Daail-Jhinguni (Fried Ribbed Gourd cooked with Lentil and cereals), Ramruch is a besan based dish unique to Mithila region,"Goidila" (a sauce prepared from green peas & flavourings) and is generally had with rice or rotis.
The service style of the cuisine has little similarity with that of “Tabal d’ hote” (Table of the Host) of French, yet different being all preparations served together in a platter and consumed at once. Since there is no course wise meal practice therefore there is no well defined Gastronomique practice too, and hence people give equal importance to all kind of preparations and take pleasure in enjoying each delicacy to the fullest. Unlike others Maithils enjoy both the quality and quantity of the food and this is the characteristics that differentiates the cuisine and people from others. The best manifestation of this seen in any Traditional Maithil wedding (considered to be a very classical marriage ceremony ever in any culture.) Maithils always give immense priority to milk products in their food which could perfectly be measured with this old saying “ Aadi Ghee aur Ant Dahi, oyi Bhojan k Bhojan kahi” (A meal is the Meal that starts with Ghee and ends with Yogurt).The meal practice in mithilanchal is as common as the normal food habit of people which is Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. People also like enjoying some tit bits during evening with a cup of tea. The best breakfast time favorite is “Chura – Dahi” (beaten rice with a thick coating of creamy curd) the table condiments used is salt, green chillies and home made pickles, a spicy mixed vegetable item could also be served along with this item as a side dish. During summer the same Chura is consumed with best quality mango pulp, and the dish is called “Chura Aam” . “Poori – Aloo dum” is another breakfast item that people like having along with a sweet dish “Jalebi” (roundels of deep fried fermented flour batter dipped in sugar syrup). Apart from that there are several other items like Chini wala Roti, Chilha (pan cake made out of flour batter), Suzi k halwa (porridge prepared from semolina), etc. which is preferred for the breakfast.For evening snacks a range of Bhujas are consumed like Chura ka Bhuja (beaten rice shallow fried with sliced onion, chopped green chillies and green peas), Makai ke Lawa (Pop corns), Masalgar Murhi (Rice pops mixed with chopped green chillies, Onion, coriander leaf, salt and few drops of mustard oil) etc. Maithils are also a big time sweet lovers. Varieties of Kheer and other sweet item is prepared as a dessert course.one of the famous among them is Makhanaak Kheer (a sweet dish prepared with Lotus seed, Milk and Dry nuts). Malpua is another popular sweet item, which is much different from the malpua prepared in north India, both are prepared from the flour batter only but in north India after deep frying malpua is dipped in sugar syrup while in Mithilanchal the batter itself is sweetened and it is a dry preparation which could be stored for 2–3 days. There are also sweet preservatives made out of fruit pulps like Ammath (layered mango pulp sundried and cut into small chunks), Kumhar ke murabba, Papita ke murabba, Dhatrikak murabba etc.The introduction about Mithila Cuisine would remain incomplete without a reference on Paan (betel leaves). According to an old saying Paan, Maach and Makhan (betel leaves, fish and lotus seed) is not found even in the paradise, so one should enjoy these things on earth only so not to regret later. A sweet betel leaf is flavoured with Sweet fennel, cardamom, clove, rose petals, sugar crystal etc. which is taken after completion of the meal in order to make it complete.
Fishes cooked in a spicy mustard gravy known as "MACHAK JHOR" is a special preparation in the Mithila region. Cuisine of the Mithila region matches a lot with Bengali Cuisine and generally imbibes the usage of Mustard oil and the five spices known as the "Paanch Phoron". Roll is a typical Bihari non-vegetarian dish. These are popular and go by the generic name "Roll Bihari" in and around Lexington Avenue (South) in New York City.
There is a strong influence from Mughalai cuisine in eastern uttar pradesh and western bihar which resulted in development of bhojpuri cuisine with Bihari flavor are also part of Bihar's unique confluence of cultures. Famous food items include Biharee Kabab, Shami Kabab, Nargisi Kufte, Shabdeg, Yakhnee Biryanee, Motton Biryani, Shaljum Gosht, Baqer Khani, Kuleecha, Naan Rootee, Sawee ka Zarda, Qemamee Sawee, Gajar ka Halwa, Ande ka Zfrani Halwa etc.
Religion.
Gautam Buddha attained Enlightenment at Bodh Gaya, a town located in the modern day district of Gaya. Vardhamana Mahavira, the 24th and the last Tirthankara of Jainism, was born in Vaishali around the 6th century BC.
A typical Bihari household would begin the day with religious devotion. The blowing of a conch shell heralds the dawn of a new day while somewhere in the distance; a Hindu priest intones the ancient incantations. The low-pitched chanting of a Buddhist monk or the tolling of a church bell reminds people to pay their salutations to god.
In Bihar, every aspect of life is suffused with religious significance and its manifestations abound in every corner of the state. While shrines are located everywhere – at the foot of trees, roadsides, etc., religious symbols or images of deities can be found in the most obscure or the most public places. From the dashboard of a dilapidated taxi to the plush office of a top executive, holy symbols or idols have their place.
Hinduism being the main religion of the state, most of the festivals stem from it. There are many variations on the festival theme. While some are celebrated all over the state, others are observed only in certain areas. But Bihar being so diverse, different regions and religions have something to celebrate at sometime or the other during the year. So festivals take place round the year.
On arrival in any part of this state, a tourist finds around him evidence of the extent to which religion enters into the daily life of the people. The calendar is strewn with festivals and fairs of different communities living together. Many of these are officially recognized by the days on which they take place being proclaimed as Government holidays.
The battle cries of the Bihar Regiment, consisting of 17 battalions, are "Jai Bajrang Bali" ("Victory to Lord Hanuman").
Dariya Sahib, was a saint (who was born in Shahabad in the 18th century) influenced by Kabirdas and Dharamdas, united the Hindu and Muslim communities. Dariya Sahib, like many other Bhakti saints, is known as Dariyadas. He was listed by Brahm Sankar Misra as one of India's greatest saints. Many of his followers believe that he is the reincarnation of Kabir.
Festivals.
Chhath.
Chhath, also called Dala Chhath – is an ancient and major festival in Bihar, and is celebrated twice a year: once in the summers, called the "Chaiti Chhath", and once around a week after Deepawali, called the "Kartik Chhath". The latter is more popular because winters are the usual festive season in North India, and Chhath being an arduous observance requiring the worshippers to fast without water for more than 24 hours, is easier to do in the Indian winters. Chhath is the worship of the Sun God. Wherever people from Bihar have migrated, they have taken with them the tradition of Chhath. This is a ritual bathing festival that follows a period of abstenance and ritual segregation of the worshiper from the main household for two days. On the eve of Chhath, houses are scrupulously cleaned and so are the surroundings. The ritual bathing and worship of the Sun God takes place, performed twice: once in the evening and once on the crack of the dawn, usually on the banks of a flowing river, or a common large water body. The occasion is almost a carnival, and besides every worshipper, usually women, who are mostly the main ladies of the household, there are numerous participants and onlookers, all willing to help and receive the blessings of the worshiper. Ritual rendition of regional folk songs, carried on through oral transmission from mothers and mothers-in-law to daughters and daughters-in-law, are sung on this occasion for several days on the go. These songs are a great mirror of the culture, social structure, mythology and history of Bihar and eastern Uttar Pradesh. Chhath being celebrated at the crack of the dawn is a beautiful, elating spiritual experience connecting the modern Indian to his ancient cultural roots. Chhath is believed to be started by Karna, the king of Anga Desh (modern Bhagalpur region of Bihar).
Among ritual observances, the month long Shravani Mela held along a 108 kilometre route linking the towns of Sultanganj and Deoghar (now in Jharkhand state) is of great significance. Shravani Mela is organised every year in the Hindu month of Shravan, that is the lunar month of July–August. Pilgrims, known as "Kanwarias", wear saffron coloured clothes and collect water from a sacred Ghat (river bank) at Sultanganj, walking the 108 km stretch barefooted to the town of Deoghar to bathe a sacred Shiva-Linga. The observance draws thousands of people to the town of Deoghar from all over India.
Teej and Chitragupta Puja are other local festivals celebrated with fervor in Bihar. Bihula-Bishari Puja is celebrated in the Anga region of Bihar. The Sonepur cattle fair is a month long event starting approximately half a month after Deepawali and is considered the largest cattle fair in Asia. It is held at the conflunce of river Ganges & Gandak in the town of Sonepur. The constraints of the changing times and new laws governing the sale of animals and prohibiting the trafficking in exotic birds and beasts have eroded the once-upon-a-time magic of the fair.
Apart from Chhath, all major festivals of India are celebrated in Bihar, such as Makar Sankranti, Saraswati Puja, Holi, Eid-ul-Fitr, Eid-ul-Adha (often called Eid-ul-Zuha in the Indian Subcontinent), Muharram, Ram Navami, Rath yatra, Rakshabandhan, Maha Shivaratri, Durga Puja, Diwali, Laxmi Puja, Christmas, Mahavir Jayanti, Buddha Purnima, Chitragupta Puja, and several other local festivals as well.
Pitri Paksha Mela.
It is a 15-day fair held on the bank of River Falgu at Gaya during Pitru Paksha every year. Pilgrims from all corners of the country visit Gaya for offering Pinda to their Ancestors. According to Bihar Tourism Department estimates, some 5,00,000 to 75,00,000 pilgrims arrive in the Gaya city during the Pitri Paksha Mela every year.
Media.
Print media.
"Hindustan Times", "Dainik Jagran", "Navbharat Times", "Aj" and "Prabhat Khabar" are some of the popular Hindi news papers of Bihar. E-papers, "Bihar Times" and "Patna Daily" have become very popular among the educated Biharis, specially the non-resident Biharis. "Jaibihar" is a similar e-paper, which has been recently started. National English dailies like "The Times of India" and "The Economic Times" are read in urban regions.
Television and radio.
Several national and international television channels are popular in Bihar. DD Bihar, Sahara Bihar and ETV Bihar-Jharkhand are the television channels dedicated to Bihar. Recently couple of dedicated Bhojpuri channel, Mahuaa TV and Purva TV has been launched.
Cinema.
Bihar has a robust cinema industry for the Bhojpuri language. There are also a small Maithili, Angika and Magadhifilm industry. First Bhojpuri Film was "Ganga Jamuna" released in 1961. "Lagi nahin chute ram" was the alltime superhit Bhojpuri film which was released against "Mugle Azam" but was a superhit in all the eastern and northern sector. Bollywood's Nadiya Ke Paar is among the most famous Bhojpuri language movie. The first Maithili movie was "Kanyadan" released in 1965, of which a significant portion was made in the Maithili language. Bhaiyaa a Magadhi film was released in 1961.Bhojpuri's history begins in 1962 with the well-received film "Ganga Maiyya Tohe Piyari Chadhaibo" ("Mother Ganges, I will offer you a yellow sari"), which was directed by Kundan Kumar. Throughout the following decades, films were produced only in fits and starts. Films such as "Bidesiya" ("Foreigner," 1963, directed by S. N. Tripathi) and "Ganga" ("Ganges," 1965, directed by Kundan Kumar) were profitable and popular, but in general Bhojpuri films were not commonly produced in the 1960s and 1970s.
In the 1980s, enough Bhojpuri films were produced to tentatively make up an industry. Films such as "Mai" ("Mom," 1989, directed by Rajkumar Sharma) and "Hamar Bhauji" ("My Brother's Wife," 1983, directed by Kalpataru) continued to have at least sporadic success at the box office. However, this trend faded out by the end of the decade, and by 1990, the nascent industry seemed to be completely finished.
The industry took off again in 2001 with the super hit "Saiyyan Hamar" ("My Sweetheart," directed by Mohan Prasad), which shot the hero of that film, Ravi Kissan, to superstardom. This success was quickly followed by several other remarkably successful films, including "Panditji Batai Na Biyah Kab Hoi" ("Priest, tell me when I will marry," 2005, directed by Mohan Prasad) and "Sasura Bada Paisa Wala" ("My father-in-law, the rich guy," 2005). In a measure of the Bhojpuri film industry's rise, both of these did much better business in the states of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar than mainstream Bollywood hits at the time, and both films, made on extremely tight budgets, earned back more than ten times their production costs. "Sasura Bada Paisa Wala" also introduced Manoj Tiwari, formerly a well-loved folk singer, to the wider audiences of Bhojpuri cinema. In 2008, he and Ravi Kissan are still the leading actors of Bhojpuri films, and their fees increase with their fame. The extremely rapid success of their films has led to dramatic increases in Bhojpuri cinema's visibility, and the industry now supports an awards show and a trade magazine, "Bhojpuri City", which chronicles the production and release of what are now over one hundred films per year. Many of the major stars of mainstream Bollywood cinema, including Amitabh Bachchan, have also recently worked in Bhojpuri films.
Culture by region.
Angika region.
Angika region, comprises the districts of Banka, Bhagalpur, Munger, Jamui, Lakhisarai, and Shekhpura in the eastern part of India. Angika is the mother-tongue of people of this area.
Bhojpuri region.
Bhojpuri region, comprises the districts of Rohtas, Kaimur, Buxar and Bhojpur to the south of the Ganges; and, Saran, Siwan, Gopalganj, East Champaran and West Champaran to the north of the Ganges in the eastern part of India. Bhojpuri is the mother-tongue of people of this area.
Magadh region.
Magadh region, comprises the districts of Patna, Nalanda, Nawada, Gaya, Arwal, Aurangabad, and Jehanabad, in the Central Bihar region, are the nourishing ground of the ancient Magahi (Magadhi) culture in the eastern part of India. Magadhi is the mother-tongue of people of this area.
Maithili region.
Mithila region broadly comprises the districts of Vaishali, Muzaffarpur, Madhubani, Darbhanga, Samastipur, Sheohar, Sitamarhi, Begusarai, Khagaria, Katihar, Madhepura, Saharsa, Supaul, Purnia, Araria, and Kishanganj in the eastern part of India. Maithili is the mother-tongue of people of this area.
The relationship of Maithili community with Bhojpuri and Magahi communities – the immediate neighbors have been neither very pleasant nor very hostile. Maithili has been the only one among them which has been trying to constantly deny superimposition of Hindi over her identity. The other two have given up their claims and have resigned to accept the status of dialects of Hindi.
It goes without saying that the relationship of Maithili and Hindi have been most complicated. While almost all Maithils have accepted Hindi as a language of formal occasions, the retention of Maithili for cultural, social, familial as well as literary purposes have also been more or less steady. The trend among the youngest generation to use Maithili in lesser and lesser occasions should be viewed in the context of the same thing happening among Hindi, Telugu or Marathi speakers who are tilting towards use of English rather than their mother tongue.

</doc>
<doc id="20442855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442855" title="Edward Milner">
Edward Milner

Edward Milner (20 January 1819 – 26 March 1884) was an English landscape architect.
Early life and career.
Edward Milner was born in Darley, Derbyshire, the eldest child of Henry Milner and Mary née Scales. Henry Milner was employed at Chatsworth by William Cavendish, 6th Duke of Devonshire, as a gardener and porter. Edward was educated at Bakewell Grammar School and was then apprenticed to Chatsworth's head gardener, Joseph Paxton. In 1841 he continued his studies in Paris at the Jardin des Plantes and returned home to become Paxton's assistant. He worked with Paxton in developing and managing Princes Park, Liverpool and assisted him at Osmaston Manor in Derbyshire. In 1847 he laid out the Italian Garden at Tatton Park, Cheshire, which had been designed by Paxton. When Paxton re-erected The Crystal Palace in Penge Park, Sydenham in 1852, Milner was appointed as the superintendent of works. He also worked for Paxton in creating the People's Park, Halifax for Francis Crossley.
Independent career.
From the mid-1850s, Milner worked as an independent landscape gardener. He received commissions for work in England and Wales, including designing three public parks in Preston, Lancashire. These parks were constructed as part of a scheme for relieving unemployment caused by the cotton famine in the 1860s. He also designed gardens in Germany and Denmark. In 1881 he became principal of the Crystal Palace School of Gardening, established by the Crystal Palace Company.
Works as an independent designer.
This is an incomplete list.
Personal life.
In 1844 he married Elizabeth Mary Kelly of Liverpool with whom he had 11 children. The family moved to Norwood, London, and later to Dulwich Wood Park. Milner appointed his son Henry Ernest as his principal assistant. Edward Milner founded the firm of Milner-White which survived until the retirement of Frank Marshall in 1995, at which time it was the oldest garden design and landscape architecture practice in the British Isles. He died at his home in 1884 leaving an estate valued at slightly over £8,000 (£ today).

</doc>
<doc id="20442860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442860" title="Rule of 10-12">
Rule of 10-12

In contract bridge, the Rule of 10-12 is applied when the opening lead is the third or the fifth best from the defender's suit. By subtracting the rank of the card led from 10 or 12 respectively, a defender can determine how many cards are higher than the card partner has led. Ten is used if the lead is fifth best and 12 is used if the lead is the third best. The Rule of 11 applies when the lead is the 4th best.
When following the Rule of 10-12, the lead is the third card from a three or four-card suit and the fifth card from a five-card or longer suit. Leading the third best is also applied to interior sequences (K J 10 x x) which is less ambiguous than the top of interior sequence. The third best lead from an interior sequence is called a coded 9 & 10 lead.
Sometimes opening leader may choose to lead the fourth best card from a four-card suit against a notrump contract if the third card is a spot card. The spot-card lead may give declarer a trick that he can't get if the fourth best is led. If the opening lead is the 7, the suit will be blocked and defense is unable to set up the 3rd winner in the suit.
Variation.
Possible variation that helps giving count from 5+ cards suit is leading the third best from even number of cards and the lowest from odd number.

</doc>
<doc id="20442867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442867" title="Chris Pacana">
Chris Pacana

Ernani Christopher M. Pacana III (born on December 24, 1981), better known as Chris Pacana, is a Filipino professional basketball player who plays for the Barako Bull Energy Cola in the coming season of the Philippine Basketball Association. Born to Ernani Pacana II and Elizabeth Mendoza-Pacana he was the fifteenth draft pick of the Coca-Cola Tigers in 2006. He played for the Barangay Ginebra Kings from (2007-2009) where he was one of the factors of their championship run in the 2008 PBA Fiesta Conference. He was then signed by the Sta. Lucia Realtors and later the Meralco Bolts.
After a successful stint in the ABL with the Westport Malaysia Dragons, he was acquired by the San Mig Coffee Mixers.

</doc>
<doc id="20442875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442875" title="Surantih">
Surantih

Surantih is a "Nagari" (a cluster of villages) in the Kabupaten District of Pesisir Selatan of West Sumatra province in Sumatra island, Indonesia. Surantih is one of 11 major nagari—out of 37—in Pesisir Selatan. The other 10 major nagaris are Tarusan, Pasarbaru, Salido, Painan, Pasar Kuok (or Batang Kapas), Kambang, Balai Selasa, Air Haji, Indrapura, and Tapan—in that order from north to south, where Surantih is situated between Batang Kapas and Kambang.
Location and access.
Surantih is located 116 km to the south of Padang, the capital city of the province. It is geographically closer to Singapore, and Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia, than to Jakarta (the capital city of Indonesia). It stretches along Batang Surantih (Surantih River) from the Indian ocean 30 km inland to the Bukit Barisan region where it borders another nagari from a different district, Solok.
There is only one land transportation access to Surantih, the district main road connecting Padang with all major Nagari in the Pesisir Selatan district and continues to Bengkulu and Jambi province. It takes about 3 hours by bus/car from Padang to Surantih, and about 4–5 hours further to the south to the Bengkulu or Jambi province borders.
Pasar Surantih (lit. Surantih’s market) is the main village where commercial amenities and social facilities are located, such as shops, small restaurants, wet market, and schools. Pasar Surantih is a typical small town in Indonesia with around 2,000 population. The entire Surantih population is about 25,000-30,000, the latest population survey from Dept. PU in 2003 showed a 25,412 population (12,898 female, 12,524 male). This population is spread across an area of approximately 300 km2 and is thus almost half Singapore's size, with a few small villages which were not accessible by modern transportation means until a couple of years ago.
Langgai is the most remote village in Nagari Surantih, situated in the Bukit Barisan with a different climate from the lowland and coastal part of Surantih. A road has been built to this village, but the condition is poor; it takes 3-4 hours to cover a distance of 30 km to reach Langgai from Pasar Surantih.
People and language.
The population is virtually 100% Moslem with occasionally a few non-Moslems from other provinces residing in the area temporarily, normally civil servants. While Moslems in this area are generally not as devout as others from other parts of West Sumatra, it is important to not to do anything that is against Islam and traditional local values. Consuming pork or alcohol is offensive to locals, unless one consumes it secretly at their own house.
Locals speak “Pasisie” (Indonesian/Malay: "Pesisir"; English: "Coast") accent of Minangkabau language/Padangnese. The Minangkabau language is related to standard Malay spoken in Indonesia and Malaysia. But it is different in a sense that both native speakers will barely understand each other if they converse in normal way. But, it might be relatively easy for a Malay speaker to learn the Minangkabau language and vice versa. Almost all people speak and understand the standard accent of Indonesian or Malay, but many of the older generation especially those live in inland do not speak Indonesian at all. Young children, especially those who have not yet attended a school, might not speak Indonesian as well. English is very rarely spoken here. However, some high school students or one or two people may understand very basic English. English is taught in high school, but the standard is relatively poor.
Like most of the West Sumatrans/Minangkabau people, the people of Surantih traditionally leave their home and move elsewhere in the nation for a better life. For the younger generation, leaving home is a must if they want to continue studying at university level (or senior high school until very recently). People from Surantih could be found in many big towns and cities across the island of Sumatra, and in major cities in Java island.
Generally, West Sumatrans/Minangkabau people considered Pesisir Selatan district a backward area, due to a lag in economic development, education level, and other measures. Some of them also consider people from Pesisir Selatan district to be less acculturated and less devout in practicing Islam. This perception has reduced somewhat in recent years with economic development, and in particular improved population mobility as well as improving communication and information exchanges. However, the education standard here remains among the lowest in the province.
Amenities and social infrastructure.
The commercial center of this Surantih, Pasar Surantih, is situated about 1 km from the coastline, and it was about 30 km from the most remote village, namely Langgai, in Bukit Barisan region. It actually lies along/parallel to the coastline.
With the economic progression, and helped by government spending, some modern facilities have been built in Surantih. It had access to electricity in the early 1980s. In the late 1980s, the residents for the first time received television broadcasts. Telecommunication service, a fixed line phone infrastructure, was extended to this small town in early 2000. With rapidly expanding cellular communication investment and technology, one now could enjoy some coverage of cellular phone service.
Education facilities have also improved. Since the establishment of the first junior high school in late 70s/early 80s, the government has built another junior school in the inland area. A senior high school was also built in early 2000 which allows locals to finish the first 12 years of basic education without leaving their village for the district's capital.
There is one health clinic with one doctor/general practitioner and several nurses. There are 10-15 mosques and surau (small mosque/chapel) across the Surantih. The two biggest ones are in Pasar Surantih. A football field which hosts other sports and social activities, such as concerts or movies, is situated 200m-300m from Pasar Surantih market. Two or three small restaurants can be found in Pasar Surantih that serve Padang cuisine. Small stalls selling food or traditional cakes can be found in or around the wet market. Two local “cafés” are other places to get traditional cakes (e.g. onde-onde, lapek bugih, lemang, etc.), drinks (coconut drink is a must here). These local cafes/warungs are open till midnight, located in the main street, just the opposite of the wet market.
There is no hotel or hostel, but there is a local shop owner who allows people to stay at the second storey of his house for two thousand Rupiah (e.g. US$1 or 2). Visitors with no relatives or acquaintances normally sleep in or near the mosque, although non-Moslems are not allowed to enter the mosque.
Economy.
This small town is known for its traditional fishing industry. It also has a long beach which serves a tourist destination for people within the Nagari. The main river, Batang Surantih (Surantih river), originates in the Bukit Barisan region and ends in the Indian ocean--the mouth of the river is situated approximately 1 km from Pasar Surantih. Surantih is largely arable land, and so most of the population rely on agriculture, in addition to fishing.
Surantih is typical of small towns in Indonesia in terms of economic development. To put local income in perspective, the residents' annual per capita income than the national average, about USD2,000, for 3 reasons. First, rural income is lower than urban. Secondly, West Sumatra Province GDP per capita is lower than national average. Lastly, Pesisr Selatan District GDP per capita is lower than the Province average.
According to official data from the Pesisir Selatan district website, about 39.7% of the district population is considered below the official poverty line. Surantih, by and large, resembles the average of the district's physical appearance, it is quite fair to assume that a similar proportion of local population live below the national poverty line. However, it is said that most of the local officials tend to mark up the number of poor families in order to get special subsidy from central government.
Picture: "Surantih's mouth of river, about 1 km from Pasar Surantih"
People from Surantih.
There are no truly famous people from this small town. Here are a few names that might worth to mention.

</doc>
<doc id="20442890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442890" title="KittyWu Records">
KittyWu Records

KittyWu Records is a Singapore-based record label, specializing in shoegaze, instrumental rock and electronic pop. KittyWu Records also acts as an independent concert promoter. KittyWu Records was founded in 2007 by Errol Tan and Lesley Chew.

</doc>
<doc id="20442908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442908" title="List of districts of Meghalaya">
List of districts of Meghalaya

The Indian state of Meghalaya is divided into 11 districts.
Districts.
Meghalaya currently has 11 districts. 
Jaintia Hills Division:
Khasi Hills Division:
Garo Hills Division:

</doc>
<doc id="20442925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442925" title="Christian Fechner">
Christian Fechner

Christian Fechner was born on July 26, 1944 in Agen, South of France.
Initially magician, then he became record producer with French popular singer Antoine. He transformed musicians thereof, les Problems, in a group named Les Charlots.
Producer Christian Fechner managed to bring Louis de Funès back for a movie under unusual conditions. (After Louis’s two heart attacks in 1975 any insurance companies were able to insure a shoot with him anymore.) The Wing or the Thigh, The Spat (La Zizanie), L'Avare and La Soupe aux choux (1981)…
He is considered as one of the most prolific producers in the history of French cinema, producing both blockbusters and independent movies since the 1970s : Les bidasses en folie, Les fous du stade, Bons baisers de Honk-Hong, Viens chez moi, j'habite chez une copine, Papy fait de la résistance, Les Spécialistes, Marche à l’ombre, The Children of the Marshland, La Tour Montparnasse Infernale, Chouchou…
Camille Claudel : Nominated for Academy Awards for Best Actress]] and for Best Foreign Language Film]].
Received five César Award, including the César Awards for Best Film and Best Actress 1989 - Isabelle Adjani. Received the Golden Bear for Best Actress at the 39th Berlin International Film Festival.
Les Amants du Pont-Neuf (The Lovers on the Bridge) in 1993 : Nominated for BAFTA for Best non-English language film.
La Fille sur le pont (The Girl on the Bridge) in 2001 : Nominated for BAFTA for Best non-English language film.
In 2005, he produced and signed his last great success with nearly $151,211,264 at the box office.
Christian Fechner died on November 25, 2008 after cancer battle.
Christian Fechner had two children: film producer Alexandra Fechner and Maxime Fechner, owner of the fashion brand Kymerah.
Filmography.
Producer.
Series:

</doc>
<doc id="20442948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442948" title="Yogesh Chabria">
Yogesh Chabria

Yogesh Chabria is an author. He has written books such as "Invest The Happionaire Way" and "Happionaire's Cash The Crash". He also has a regular column on Moneycontrol.com, an Indian website on finance and investing, as well as "The Times of India" and "The Economic Times". He has also been a contributing author to the international series, "Chicken Soup for the Soul".

</doc>
<doc id="20442952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442952" title="Calcutta Jain Temple">
Calcutta Jain Temple

Calcutta Jain Temple (also called Parshwanath Temple) is a Jain temple at Badridas Temple Street is a major tourist attraction in Kolkata (Calcutta), India. The temple was built by a Marwari Shrimal Jain named Seth Badridas in 1867. Pratishtha was done by Sri Kalyansurishwarji Maharaj.
The complex is subdivided into 4 temples:
The temple is dedicated to Pareshnath, who was the 23rd Jain Tirthankar, and he is worshipped by the Jains, and this is one of the most important Jain temples in Kolkata. The place is famous all over that is why devout Jains from distant parts of India flock to the Temple precincts al round the year. The temple consists of four temples inside of it. The deity of Lord Shitalnathji is seated in the sanctum sanctorum, and his diamond-studded forehead is a major attraction for the visitors. There is a lamp, which burns with ghee inside the sanctum sanctorum, which has been continuously burning ever since the initiation of the temple since 1867. The lamp bears silent testimony to the contemporary world since ages and it is wonderful to acknowledge the mysticism associated with. 
There are three other shrines dedicated to Chanda Prabhujidev, Dadaji Garu and Kushalji Maharaj. The last temple is dedicated to Lord Mahavira, who was the last Tirthankara of the Jain tradition. 
Pareshnath Jain Temple, Kolkatta The Pareshnath Jain Temple, Kolkata, has displays of exquisite designs and it is an impressive structure consisting of mirror-inlaid pillars and windows that have made of stained glass. The interiors of the temple are splendidly beautiful, along with the outdoors, which are surrounded with many beautifully colored flower gardens and fountains. There is a small stream flowing through it, which also has amazing variety of flowers all around it. The fountains look brilliant when water gushes out of them in perfect harmonization. A well-maintained reservoir, adds up to the surrounding beauty. Colorful fishes swarm the surface of the glistening water at the slightest hint of food grains. The floor of the temple is elaborately paved with marble that gives it a solemn look and also a mark of purity. The temple exhibits extraordinary artistic tendencies that are visible in the whole pattern of the decoration of the interiors and the exteriors. One can also find the paintings of renowned painter Ganesh Muskare, adorning the walls, which enthralls the visitor. Chandeliers or Jhar Battis are another feature that makes the interiors sparkle and lends the extra shimmer to the serenity of the temple.(Edited By:Koushik Dutta)

</doc>
<doc id="20442973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442973" title="List of districts of Goa">
List of districts of Goa

The Indian state Goa is divided into 2 districts, i.e.,North Goa and South Goa

</doc>
<doc id="20442993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20442993" title="GBR-12935">
GBR-12935

GBR-12935 is a piperazine derivative which is a potent and selective dopamine reuptake inhibitor. It was originally developed in its 3H radiolabelled form for the purpose of mapping the distribution of dopaminergic neurons in the brain by selective labelling of dopamine transporter proteins. This has led to potential clinical uses in the diagnosis of Parkinson's disease, although selective radioligands such as Ioflupane (¹²³I) are now available for this application. GBR-12935 is now widely used in animal research into Parkinson's disease and the dopamine pathways in the brain.

</doc>
<doc id="20443003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443003" title="List of districts of Tripura">
List of districts of Tripura

The Indian state of Tripura borders with Bangladesh and the Indian states of Assam & Mizoram. The third smallest state in India and also a princely state till 1949, It covers an area of 10,491 km2 (4,051 sq mi).The area of modern Tripura was ruled for several centuries by the Tripuri dynasty. It was a princely state during British rule, and joined the newly independent India.Ethnic strife between the indigenous people and Bengali population led to tension and scattered violence since its integration into the country, but the establishment of an autonomous tribal administrative agency and other strategies have led to peace. Tripura was divided into 4 districts but with effect from 21 January 2012 four more new districts was divided making a total of 8 districts in the state.
History.
Dating back to the time of Mahabharatha, the very helm of the Kingdom of Tripura encompassed the greater part of Eastern Bengal stretching from the Bay of Bengal in the South to the Brahmaputra in the North and west and Burma, now Myanmar in the East. The earliest trace of the history of Tripura can be found in the Ashokan pillar inscriptions. 
The 17th Century is a major watershed in the history of Tripura when the administration of the region passed on the hands of the Mughals with some powers left with the Manikyas. In the Colonial era, the Britishers extended their control over Tripura granting some limited independence to the Manikya kings. The region was under the rule of the Twipra Kingdom for centuries, although when this dates from is not documented. The "Rajmala", a chronicle of Tripuri kings which was first written in the 15th century, provides a list of 179 kings, from antiquity up to Krishna Kishore Manikya (1830–1850), but the reliability of the "Rajmala" has been doubted. The Royal history of Tripura ended when the princely state acceded to the Indian Union on October 15, 1949. After death of the last king Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Manikya on May 17, 1947, a Regency Council was formed headed by Maharani Kanchan Prabha Devi, for aid of the minor Prince, Kirit Bikram Kishore Manikya Bahadur. The regent signed the merger agreement with the Government of India. After merger Tripura became a Part ‘C’ State. On reorganization of the states, effected in November, 1956, Tripura became a Union Territory with an Advisory Committee to aid and advise the Chief Commissioner. Thereafter in place of the Advisory Committee, a Territorial Council was formed through the adult franchise on 15 August 1957. On July 1, 1963, the Tripura Territorial Council was dissolved and the Legislative Assembly with the existing members of the Territorial Council was formed. On January 21, 1972 Tripura became full-fledged State by the Act of Parliament called the North Eastern Areas (Reorganization) Act, 1971.
Former administrative structure.
New list of Districts after the reorganization.
For administrative purposes, the state has been divided into 8 districts, 23 subdivisions and 45 development blocks - with effect from 21 January 2012, after a Government of Tripura Decision, out of which the newly created districts are 4, subdivisions 6, development blocks 5. The four new Distrcts are Khowai Unakoti, Sipahijala and Gomati; the six new sub-divisions are Jirania, Mohanpur, Kumarghat, Panisagar, Jampuijala and Karbook; the five new development blocks are Yuvarajnagar, Durga Chawmuhani, Jolaibari, Silachari and Lefunga.
Demographics.
The following is a list of the basic demographic data for the districts of Tripura based on the size of the district's area, i.e, arranged in descending orders
References.
Newly added four district and 6 sub division.
DHARMANAGAR is one of four newly added district
http://ibnlive.in.com/generalnewsfeed/news/four-new-districts-six-subdivisions-for-tripura/876579.html
[http://www.telegraphindia.com/1111027/jsp/northeast/story_14670582.jsp]

</doc>
<doc id="20443004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443004" title="Terzaghi">
Terzaghi

Terzaghi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20443015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443015" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1956–1959">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1956–1959

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1956 to 1959. Half of its members were elected at the 9 May 1953 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1953 and finishing on 30 June 1959; the other half were elected at the 10 December 1955 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1956 and finishing on 30 June 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20443024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443024" title="Richard Stock">
Richard Stock

Richard Stock (1569 – 1626) was an English clergyman and one of the Puritan founders of the Feoffees for Impropriations. He was minister at All Hallows, Bread Street in London, from 1611 to 1626.
Life.
He was born in York, according to the "Worthies" of Thomas Fuller. Fuller also says he gained the nickname “green-head” when a young preacher at Paul's Cross, attacking inequality. He preached against the Lord Mayor, too, in 1603, when he was a lecturer at St Augustine Watling Street in London.
He was a scholar of St John's College, Cambridge in 1587, and graduated M.A. there in 1594. He studied with William Whitaker, and became a friend of Thomas Gataker. He was briefly a fellow of Sidney Sussex College.
He became rector of Standlake in 1596. He then was chaplain to Sir Anthony Cope. 
At All Hallows, he was the young John Milton's parish priest, and may have had a say in choosing his teachers. Thomas Young may have been recommended by Stock, or Gataker. Later Stock may have had a hand in choosing Milton's replacement college tutor Nathaniel Tovey.

</doc>
<doc id="20443048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443048" title="BSRIA">
BSRIA

BSRIA (it takes its name from the initial letters of the Building Services Research and Information Association) is a UK-based testing, instrumentation, research and consultancy organisation, providing specialist services in construction and building services engineering. It is a not-for-profit, member-based association, with over 650 member companies; related services are delivered by a trading company, BSRIA Limited. Any profits made are invested in its research programme, producing best practice guidance.
BSRIA is a full member of the Construction Industry Council
Structure.
BSRIA had a turnover of £11.8 million in 2010/11. It employs over 180 people at its UK head office in Bracknell as well as regionally based engineers in the UK and offices in France, Spain, Germany, China, Japan, Brazil and North America.
BSRIA's mission is 
"to enable the building services and construction industries and their clients to enhance the value of the built environment, by improving the quality of their products and services, the efficiency of their provision and the effectiveness of their operation."
History of BSRIA.
BSRIA was formed in 1955 as the Heating and Ventilating Research Council, later to become the Heating and Ventilating Research Association. As the industry became increasingly linked with other services so its research association and professional body saw the need to widen their remit. In 1975 the 'building services' scope was adopted, marked by the formation of the Building Services Research and Information Association, commonly shortened to BSRIA, and, in 1976, the formation of the Chartered Institution of Building Services, renamed the Chartered Institution of Building Services Engineers (CIBSE) in 1985.
As the Association's activities developed to meet the needs of an integrated construction industry and to provide more than just research and information, the full name became less relevant. When new government rules required it to split research and other activities into two companies, BSRIA started formal use of the abbreviation.
Trading activities, including research, are now managed through a trading company, BSRIA Limited, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Building Services Research and Information Association, which is a company limited by guarantee. Thus, members - largely companies active in designing and delivering building services - join the Building Services Research and Information Association, and services are provided by BSRIA Limited.
Founding members.
The following companies were the founding members of BSRIA who remain as members now (original company names updated to current):
BSRIA now has over 600 corporate members.

</doc>
<doc id="20443060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443060" title="Koroknay">
Koroknay

Koroknay is a surname of Hungarian origin.
People with this name:

</doc>
<doc id="20443091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443091" title="Wutong Mountain">
Wutong Mountain

Wutong Mountain () is a mountain located near the border of Luohu and Yantian in Shenzhen, China. At 943.7m, it is the tallest mountain in Shenzhen.
The mountain is source of the Sham Chun River (or Shenzhen River) that flows into Shenzhen and Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="20443096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443096" title="Sophia Fresh">
Sophia Fresh

Sophia Fresh is an American R&B girl group comprising three members, Skye, Crystal, and Cole Rose. The trio are currently recording their debut album with executive producer T-Pain.
Music career.
The group was originally called Gyrlfriend and consisted of members Chelle, Skye, Cole Rose and Jade Johnson. The group signed their first major deal with J Records in 2005; however, the group eventually disbanded. Skye and Cole Rose then joined with Crystal to form Sophia Fresh. The girls decided on the name Sophia Fresh because it was "a reflection of three southern girls in one, united by hip hop".
In 2008, the group's manager took them to Atlantic Records and introduced them to singer/producer T-Pain. According to Cole Rose, "they took us to T-Pain, he loved us and the rest is history". T-Pain signed the trio as one of the first acts to his Atlantic imprint, Nappy Boy Entertainment. The group began recording their debut album with T-Pain, and were allowed the creative freedom to record their "very high energy, very edgy and funky" music. The group said that with J Records, "they had us in like a safe lane", but when recording with T-Pain, "we're free to be Sophia Fresh. We're free to do whatever - express ourselves. That's T-Pain. He talks about what he feels and that's what we're gonna do."
Sophia Fresh have confirmed that T-Pain will be "heavily involved" in the production of their album". For the album, the trio promised, "energy, expect fun, and expect the real because that's what we're talking about - just real situations. Expect to laugh, expect to cry... expect everything. We're three different girls with three different personalities and we're all showcase." T-Pain described Sophia Fresh as "a contemporary TLC". Despite Nappy Boy Entertainment being a digital label, T-Pain said that they would still release physical albums.
Sophia Fresh debuted their first song, "Lives In Da Club", on the soundtrack "", which was released in February 2008. In November 2008, Sophia Fresh released their debut single, "What It Is", featuring Kanye West. Singer Rihanna praised the song, exclaiming, "I fell in love with it. I almost wish the song was mine. It's really, really incredible. There's no genre for it. The melody is very pop, but the beat is really gutter. It's a heavy hip-hop beat." Another Sophia Fresh track, "This Instant" featuring T-Pain, was selected to appear on the "Step Up 3D" soundtrack.
External links.
Vai Corinthians.

</doc>
<doc id="20443107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443107" title="Alyssa Mastromonaco">
Alyssa Mastromonaco

Alyssa Mastromonaco (born February 22, 1976) is Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations in the administration of President Barack Obama.
Biography.
Education.
Mastromonaco grew up in Rhinebeck, New York and originally attended the University of Vermont, majoring in French. However, after a stint interning for then-Rep. Bernie Sanders as he campaigned for his fourth term in the House of Representatives, she transferred to the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where she majored in political science, graduating with a BA in 1998.
Career.
Mastromonaco worked as the Director of Scheduling for Senator John Kerry's presidential campaign in 2004, and before that was Press Secretary for Congressman Rick Boucher of Virginia. She has worked for President Obama since February 2005, when she first joined Obama's United States Senate office as Director of Scheduling. After that, Mastromonaco was named the Political Director for Obama's Political Action Committee, Hopefund, during the 2006 midterm elections. Mastromonaco served as Director of Scheduling and Advance for Barack Obama's presidential campaign beginning at his announcement in February 2007.
On November 25, 2008, Mastromonaco was appointed Director of Scheduling and Advance in the administration of President Barack Obama. In 2011, she was appointed Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations.
In November 2011, Mastromonaco was included on "The New Republic's" list of Washington's most powerful, least famous people.

</doc>
<doc id="20443131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443131" title="Mayo Association Football League">
Mayo Association Football League

The Mayo Association Football League is an Irish amateur league for association football clubs in the Irish province of Connacht, drawing clubs from County Mayo. At the fourth position of the Irish football league system, might say it would be or it is the country's fourth football competition.
It is sponsored by Elverys Sports and therefore officially known as the Elverys Sports Super League.
History.
The group of men who came together in the autumn of 1953 to form the Mayo Association Football League, were responding to the need to provide organised football within the county.
But the league was not taken seriously in the early days, and did not establish a firm footing of respectability and authority for many years.
Joe McCormack, the founder chairman, said the Mayo League was always destined to experience troubles in its formative years.
He explained: "Economically and socially, the fifties was a grim period in the country. It was extremely hard for clubs to function like they do today.
Clubs did not have enough money to operate properly. If they could not pay for transport to a match on a particular Sunday, they might be given a few day's credit.
But if they did not come up with the money before the next away game, then the bus operator would not entertain them.
"Money was also scarce for the purchase of jerseys, shorts, boots and so on. Even calling a meeting was not as easy as it sounded. So it was hardly surprising that one crisis followed another.
The most frustrating problem, he remembered, was the anti-Mayo League feeling which emanated from the clubs, even through the clubs themselves had been instrumental in setting up the league. If a decision by the league did not suit a particular club, then they rejected the league," he explained. The founding fathers of the Mayo League met in a room owned by Castlebar businessman Michael Heverin at Shamble Lane in the town.
Michael Heverin, who was chairman of the local Urban Council at the time, was a strong supporter of the game.
He had a long and active association with Castlebar Celtic and held the position of president of the Connaught Football Association during the fifties. There was an ulterior motive behind the initial move to set up the league.
The county was being denied representation on the F.A.I.'s Senior and Junior Councils because there was no organised league in Mayo, and officials involved in the game believed the situation was no longer acceptable.
Galway and Sligo had representation at F.A.I. level since the thirties, and the feeling abounded that the game in Mayo could only benefit from similar status.
Senior Castlebar Celtic officials Robert Kilkelly, a travel agent and merchant by profession, and Joe McCormack, a respected building contractor, decided it was time for change. They were not alone in their views. Hughie McGartland, who came to Castlebar from Omagh, Co. Tyrone, in 1926, had long been campaigning, in his capacity as secretary of Castlebar Celtic, to have the game properly structured in the county.
Hughie came to town to work in Hack Walsh's Barber Shop in Castle Street, where Ivy House now stands. He subsequently opened up his own gents hairdressing business in a different premises halfway down the street. At the annual general meeting of Celtic on March 8, 1953, he renewed his call for moves to be taken to set up a properly run league in the county for the first time.
Speaking at the Celtic clubrooms in Market Square, he said: In Mayo we are handicapped by the lack of local competition like Galway and Sligo clubs have. But now that teams from Achill and Swinford have affiliated, the time has arrived for the formation of a Mayo League as competition is the lifeblood of any sport.
The inaugural meeting of the Mayo League was attended by Joe McCormack, Robert Kilkelly, Hughie McGartland, Chas. Guthrie, Tommy Ketterick, Andy Leonard, Paddy Gilligan, all of whom were members of Castlebar Celtic; John McGreal, John Staunton, and Brod Malone of Westport United; and Benny McAleer and John Foy of Quay Hearts. Joe McCormack accepted the position of chairman and Robert Kilkelly was appointed secretary.
It took the league three years to win representation on the F.A.I. Senior Council, and it was Joe McCormack who achieved the distinction of being the first Mayo official to serve on the authority. He served as a member of the F.A.I. Senior Council for nine years, from 1957 to 1966.
The initiative of the founder members in establishing a ruling soccer body in Mayo for the first time was singularly responsibly for the huge growth in the game that materialised in the seventies, eighties and nineties.
Six clubs were operating in Mayo in 1953. They were Westport Town, Castlebar Celtic, Westport United, Quay Hearts, Dooniver Swifts of Achill, and Swinford. Westport Town was the oldest club in the county, having been formed in 1910. It is accepted, however, that the first soccer club in Westport had been set up some time earlier, in 1889.
Castlebar Celtic came into operation in 1928, but a soccer team had been existence in the town for a number of years before that.
Swinford got their first taste of football in the Castlebar Junior Leagues in the early fifties, while Quay Hearts emerged during the thirties as a local league side in Westport. Dooniver Swifts had been set up during the forties, and Westport United was established in 1952.
By the time the Mayo League first kicked off on Sunday, April 11, 1954, Barcastle, representing Castlebar Bacon Factory, had also been formed.
Origins.
Founded in the autumn of 1953 by a group consisting of several men, and so the response to the need to be able to provide organized soccer in the county.
The Mayo Football Partnership.
Since 25 June 2010, it is the Mayo County Council is now possible, actionable data on football online to make available, the Mayo Football Partnership involves all football bodies in Mayo - Mayo Junior Football, Mayo Youths, Schoolboys / Schoolgirls, Mayo Ladies, coaching, referees, and The Mayo Sports Partnership. This impression is probably not only the fans, including by FIFA to have been impressed.
Previous/Forgotten Clubs.
Achill Eagles, Achill United, Ashleam FC, Balla FC
Ballina Broadhaven Rovers, Ballyhaunis FC,
Ennischrone FC, Dooega FC, Dooniver Swifts, Garrafauns FC
Lacken United, Mountgable Celtic, Moy Hearts, Newport Town
Shraigh FC, Shrule FC, Parkside Celtic, Quay Hearts, Roundfort FC,
Road Rangers FC, Westport Crusaders, Western Harps FC, Westport Sporting Club
Westport Town, Westport Textiles

</doc>
<doc id="20443135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443135" title="Galway &amp; District League">
Galway &amp; District League

Galway & District League is an amateur football league in the Irish province of Connacht, drawing clubs from County Galway [http://galwayfa.net/].
The district league comprises 42 member clubs, with 71 teams, spread across seven divisions.
Athenry contribute the most to the number of teams, having 4 involved in the league. NUI Galway and West United also make a large contribution, entering 3 teams each.

</doc>
<doc id="20443154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443154" title="Keelsathambur">
Keelsathambur

Keelsathambur is a village situated in Namakkal district of Tamil Nadu, India. It is one of the biggest village in population and in area in Namakkal district. It is located 20 km from Namakkal and 11 km from Velur.
The village falls under Namakkal Taluk and Nallipalayam pirka and the police station in Paramathy.
Prior to 1996, this village had a scarcity of water. However, in 1996 an irrigation plan was started for cultivation, in which the water is pumped out from river Kaveri with the help of motor pumps by cement pipes. The pump house is at Kooduthurai near Palappatti. The water travels nearly 7 km in cement pipes and waters more than of land in Keelsathambur and Ponnerippatti village.
Sri Sellandi Amman temple is situated in Keelsathambur, for a group of peoples known as Vellaiyan Koottam that belong to Kongu Vellalar Community.

</doc>
<doc id="20443156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443156" title="Stephen Koroknay">
Stephen Koroknay

Steven Joseph Koroknay is an Australian oil company executive. He was born in Hungary about 1946.
Koroknay's career in the international oil and gas industry began at Esso Australia Limited (Esso). Before becoming the Technical Manager of Esso's upstream activities in Australia, he was the Assistant Area Manager for the Esso/BHP Bass Strait operation, which at the time included twelve offshore platforms producing oil and gas, associated pipelines and three onshore processing plants. During the 15 years he worked for Esso, he also had various assignments in the United States.
Koroknay left Esso to take up the position of Manager of Production and Engineering with Bridge Oil Limited, where he rose to the position of Executive Director–Resources. He remained at Bridge Oil for ten years, during which the growth of Bridge Oil was principally achieved through a strategy of acquisition of oil and gas producing assets in Australia and the United States. Bridge Oil was acquired by Parker and Parsley Petroleum in 1994. After Bridge was taken over, Koroknay was appointed CEO of Aztec Mining Limited, but the company was promptly taken over by Normandy Poseidon.
Koroknay was formerly a councillor of Australian Petroleum Production and Exploration Association Limited and the chairman of the Advisory Board for the School of Petroleum Engineering at the University of New South Wales.
On 10 June 2010, Koroknay became non-executive chairman of Galilee Energy Limited, an ASX-listed coal and coal-seam gas energy company. He served as a director of Innamincka Petroleum Ltd and as a nonexecutive director of Cue Energy Resources, Eastern Corporation, and Metgasco Limited.
In 2003, he was a director of Indonesian oil company, Interra Resources.

</doc>
<doc id="20443214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443214" title="Union Internationale de Pentathlon Moderne">
Union Internationale de Pentathlon Moderne

The International Modern Pentathlon Union (), UIPM, is the international governing body of Modern pentathlon. Its headquarters are in Monte-Carlo, Monaco.Modern Pentathlon was introduced at the 5th Olympiad in Stockholm (SWE) 1912, comprising the contemporary sports of pistol shooting, fencing, swimming, horse riding and running, which embraced the spirit of its ancient counterpart
History.
The Greek Olympic Games Pentathlon.
The Pentathlon (consisting of running the length of the stadium, jumping, throwing the spear, throwing the discus and wrestling) was introduced for the first time at the 18th Olympiad in 708 BC and held a position of unique importance in the Games. It was considered to be the climax, with the winner ranked as "Victor Ludorum". Admiration for the Ancient Pentathlon was fully shared by the founder of the Modern Olympics, Baron Pierre de Coubertin and from 1909 he tried to have the event re-introduced into the Olympic programme. Pentathlon’s moment came two years later at the 14th session of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in Budapest (HUN) when, as the Baron stated: “the Holy Ghost of sport illuminated my colleagues and they accepted a competition to which I attach great importance”
The Modern Pentathlon.
Modern Pentathlon was introduced at the 5th Olympiad in Stockholm (SWE) 1912, comprising the contemporary sports of pistol shooting, fencing, swimming, horse riding and running, which embraced the spirit of its ancient counterpart. It was De Coubertin’s belief that it would be this event, above all others, that "tested a man’s moral qualities as much as his physical resources and skills, producing thereby the ideal, complete athlete.” This new sport was enthusiastically adopted with its inherent demands of courage, co-ordination, physical fitness, self-discipline and flexibility in ever changing circumstances. A young American Lieutenant, later to be the famous World War II General, George S. Patton, was to finish fifth in the first ever Olympic Modern Pentathlon competition. The mixture of physical and mental skills demanded in the Pentathlon has also meant that athletes have been able to compete in as many as three or four Olympic Games. This is because while running and swimming times can be expected to decline with age, experience and skill in the technical disciplines often increase.
The oldest Olympic gold medallist (in the teams event) in the Modern Pentathlon to date is Pavel Lednev (former USSR) who was 37 years old at the 1980 Games in Moscow. In the same Olympic Games the individual gold medallist (former USSR) Anatoly Starostin was 20 Year old. Today, both men and women compete in all five events of the Modern Pentathlon in one day. A points system for each event is based on a standard performance earning 1000 points. The star of the last event is by Handicap Start; in this way the winner of the competition is the first athlete to cross the finishing line.
Administration of Modern Pentathlon.
Modern Pentathlon was administrated directly by the IOC until 1948, when the International Modern Pentathlon Union (UIPM) was founded by Gustaf Dyrssen (1920 Olympic Champion) from Sweden as the first President and Sven Thofelt, Secretary General, and later to be President for 28 years (IOC Member 1970-1976).
In 1960, Biathlon (cross country skiing and rifle shooting) was introduced in the Olympic Program and joined the Union which thereafter became the Union Internationale de Pentathlon Moderne et Biathlon (UIPMB). In 1993, an agreement was made to retain as an umbrella body under which the UIPM and the International Biathlon (IBU) could act autonomously. The UIPMB however, continued to be the only international multi-sport organisation recognised by the IOC.
Until 1998, the President of Modern Pentathlon acted as President of the Union during the two years prior to the Summer Olympic Games, and the President of the Biathlon acted as such for two years prior to each of the Winter Games. Having matured into an organisation capable of continuing on its own, the IBU decided on 26 June 1998, to exist autonomously. The separation from the UIPMB took effect on 20 August 1998, creating two distinct International Federations – the UIPM and IBU, both of which are recognised by the IOC and GAISF. At this moment there are over 100 national Modern Pentathlon federations affiliated with UIPM.
Sports development.
Modern Biathle.
Designed as a ‘Sport for All’, Biathle has been practised for over 50 years. Through Biathle the UIPM has established a competition composed of the two fundamental components of Modern Pentathlon and most practised sports in the world – run and swim.
The Biathle has universal appeal. It is inexpensive to organise, simple to understand, can be viewed from a single location, and organised practically anywhere in the world at any time of the year. The Biathle competition begins with a pack start of runners who complete one-half of the total running distance before entering a 50 meter transition area. Athletes then dive into the water and swim the required swimming distance before exiting the water, putting on their shoes and running the second leg of the run to the finish line. The first person to cross the finish line wins. The race distances vary with the age groups concerned.
The first Biathle World Championships took place in Monaco in 1999 and the Biathle World Tour started in 2002 to include up to 6 competitions in various locations throughout the year. Medals are awarded to the top 3 athletes in each age group in both the World Championships and the World Tour.
World School Biathle.
In 2005 UIPM launched a new competition linked to the success of Biathle. The event consists of the swimming and running disciplines. The swimming discipline is conducted in a 25m or 50m pool and the running discipline is conducted preferably on a standardised track (although it can also be carried out on a flat surface if extra care is taken so that the distances are correct). The swimming discipline is conducted first and the running discipline is mass start. The Final result is the sum of the swimming and running points.
The originality of the ‘World School Biathle’ is that schools will take part to this international competition by entering their results in a global database using the UIPM website (www.pentathlon.org) directly from their location. Therefore this competition does not require any funding for transportation or lodging. All can be made ‘at home’ by the registered physical education teacher or coach.
Modern Triathle.
UIPM has been officially approved in November 2012 as a ‘Sport for All’ event and in combination with Biathle it is an integral part of the UIPM Development Plan. 
Through Triathle also known as Modern Triathle the UIPM has established a platform to enhance the young generation to practice modern pentathlon starting from the basic disciplines of running and swimming and also progressing into shooting to slowly become fully pentathletes. 
Adding competition composed of the two or in this case three fundamental components of Modern Pentathlon it is key for sport development.
The Modern Triathle is also very easy to organise and the modern beach triathle as performed in Cyprus 2013 World Championships has been able to showcase how athletes of all ages can perform in a competition that has its own core also within the shooting part that is delivered with low cost equipment at no extra cost for the athletes competing.
The Modern Triathle is the innovation for the future of our sport because it included progressively new skills and it can be easily seen as an inexpensive alternative for many countries and it is sport for all because can also be seen as a discipline to be integrate within the Paralympic movement as well. Modern Triathle begins normally with a pack start of runners for the first 25mt and athletes will compete in 1 series of 5 shots each that will define the athletes runners up to the next leg before approaching the transition area and get into the swim before finish running the last leg towards the finish line. As usual, the first person crossing the finish line will be declared the winner. The race distances vary with the age groups concerned.
The first Triathle World Championships took place in Cyprus in 2013 and the Modern Triathle World Tour will also make its new debut in 2014 as well It has been declared sport discipline for the next editions of the Asian Youth and Asian Beach Games as well.
The Five Events.
Fencing.
Fencing is a series of one-touch bouts with épée swords. The fencing event of modern pentathlon is a round-robin tournament, with a single touch deciding each match. The fencing event is held usually in an indoor arena on special strips (pistes) measuring 14m long and between 1.5m and 2m wide. Each competitor has a bout against every other competitor. Bouts last for one minute, the winner being the first fencer to score a hit. If neither scores a hit, both competitors register a defeat, a double hit, doesn’t count. Point penalties are awarded for a variety of infringements including hitting the épée on anything other than the opponent to register to a hit, crossing the boundary line with both feet or to avoid a hit, dangerous play and when a fencer turns their back on the opponent. Seventy percent bouts won correspond to 1000 pentathlon points. Each win is called a victory and each loss a defeat. Each victory over or under the 70% mark is worth a specific point value and this number is in accordance with the number of competitors:
• 22-23 Bouts gives +/- 40 points
• 24-26 Bouts gives +/- 36 points
• 27-29 Bouts gives +/- 32 points
• 30-33 Bouts gives +/- 28 points
• 34-39 Bouts gives +/- 24 points
Example: 36 competitions (the number of athletes in a final) means 35 bouts, 70% of 35 bouts = 25 victories = 1000 points, 23 victories are therefore worth 952 Pentathlon points.
Swimming.
Pentathletes usually have a swimming background, which is considered to be the only pentathlon discipline that cannot be taught at a higher level at an older age. For this reason, good swimming standards are considered to be a “precondition” for participation in Modern Pentathlon. The swimming event is a freestyle race over 200m for men and women with athletes seeded in heats according to their personal best time. A time of 2:30 earns 1000 Pentathlon points. Every 0.33 seconds is worth +/- 4 points and thus the value of each swimming second is worth 12 points. Example: the time 2:32.66 minutes corresponds to 968 points. Forty point penalties are incurred for a false start, failing to touch the wall at the end of a lap or leaving the pool in an incorrect manner as stipulated in the rules.
Equestrian.
The riding even (equestrian show jumping) included in the Modern Pentathlon competition involves jumping over obstacles of up to 120cm in height. The obstacle course is between 350-450m in length and includes 12 obstacles with one double and one triple, for 15 jumps. Athletes compete on horses provided by the organisers, which are selected from a random draw. For warm-up and preparation purposes, athletes are allowed to ride their allocated horse for 20 minutes and to have up to 5 trial jumps in the warm-up arena provided. Pentathletes are given 20 minutes to inspect the course at any time during the competition programme according to the organiser’s schedule. The athlete has a specific time limit in which to complete the course, and the time limit is set according to its length. A clear round in time allowed (varies between 1 minute and 1.17 minutes) gives the rider 1200 pentathlon points. For each mistake the rider loses points. Examples of penalties given are 20 points for knock-down and 40 points for every refusal or disobedience: but any disobedience leading to the knocking down of an obstacle gives 60 points deduction. After 2 refusals to jump, the rider must try to jump the next obstacle. A fall of the rider from the horse or if they both fall is a 60 point penalty. After 2 falls the riding will be terminated. In case of riding terminations for every obstacle not jumped, the rider loses 100 points. The most common cases of riding terminations are: Wrong course, second fall, exceeding the time limit that is double of the time allowed and retiring from the competition.
Each second over the time limit means a deduction of 4 points. The maximum time is the double of the standard time. If the rider is slower than the time allowed, the riding is terminated Riders must jump the obstacles in order. Riders must wear protective head-gear and a riding jacket and can use a whip and spurs: Horses hoods and blinkers are prohibited.
Combined Event.
In 2008, the UIPM Congress passed a motion to change the competition format of the Modern Pentathlon to combine the shoot and run disciplines. This is now known as the “combined event” and is the final event of the day’s competition. In the individual competition for men and women at Senior, Junior and Youth A levels, athletes start with a handicap start, approx. 25m run, to a shooting range where they are required to hit 5 targets (time limit 50”for youth before beginning a 800m run. This is repeated 3 further times for a total of 20 targets and 3200m run. Two thousand (2000) Pentathlon points are awarded for a time of 12.30 minutes. Each second faster or slower than the prescribed time is worth +/-4 points.
The combined event is also included in relay competitions in teams of 2 or 3 pentathletes. However, the format differs slightly in that only 2 series of the course are repeated (5 Targets down (time limit 50”for youth); 800m run; 5 Targets down (time limit 50”for youth); 800m run) for each of the pentathletes. For team of 3 athletes, 2000 points are awarded for a time 25.00 minutes. Each second faster or slower than the prescribed time is worth +/-4 points. For team of 2 athletes, 2000 points are awarded for a time 17.00 minutes. Each second faster or slower than the prescribed time is worth +/-4 points.
Within the combined event the shooting takes place with an completely safe and environmentally friendly laser pistol, fired at a target from a distance of 10 metres. The Shooting competition is in 4 series; each series consists of hitting 5 targets with an unlimited number of shots in a maximum time of 50” for youth on a target of dimension 59.5mm. If after 50” one or more targets have not been hit( or the athlete did not hit 5 times the valid zone), the pentathlete can start on the running leg without being penalised. Only after having hit 5 targets using an unlimited number of shots in the time limit of 50” can the pentathlete start from the shooting station to perform the first running leg of 800m. After the first leg, the pentathletes return to their shooting stations, where they must reset their target, (only the pentathlete is authorised to reset their target) and then start the second shooting series that consists of hitting 5 targets using an unlimited number of shots but in the time limit of 50”. The pentathlete repeats the same procedure for the second shooting series and second running leg of 800m. After the fourth shooting series the pentathletes perform the fourth and final running leg of 800m to the finish line.
The combined event uses electronic targets which consist of one black single aim and 5 green/red lamps indicators.
Modern Pentathlon Competitions.
Olympics Games.
From 1912 to 1980 the Olympic Modern Pentathlon competition was held over five days with one event per day. Between 1984 and 1992, the competition was held over four days with either running and shooting or swimming and shooting on the same day. For the Atlanta Olympic Games in 1996, the competition was a one-day event in which 32 men who qualified via pre-Olympic competitions participated. In 1998, the UIPM received approval for women to compete in the Sydney 2000 Olympics Games and so 24 men and 24 women competed in individual competition and for the first time in history, the Pentathlon venues were 96% sold out. UIPM subsequently received an increase in the quota and in Athens 2004, 32 men and 32 women competed and both competitions were 100% sold-out.Following this success, UIPM received in February 2006 a further increase in quota from the IOC Executive Board – in Beijing 2008 Olympic Games, 36 men & 36 Women took part in the Olympic Modern Pentathlon event. The same quota has also been confirmed for the 2012 London Olympic Games.
World Championships.
World Championships take place annually for Senior, Junior and Youth A (17-18 years), Men & Women which include individual, team and relay events. Youth World Championships differ slightly in that they do not include riding. Athletes qualify for the Final via qualification groups of up to 36 athletes per group. So, in the case of 3 groups the top 12 placed athletes qualify. The athletes then compete in the Final, one day later, which is therefore composed of the best 36 competitors from these qualifiers. Individual medals and prize money are awarded as well as team medals which are decided by adding the three individual team member’s scores together. For the relay event this consists of 16 teams of three athletes competing in a continuous relay completed in one day. Each Team Member swims 100m, fences one opposing team member, rides a horse over 9 x show jumps and completes the competition with the combined event that consists on 2 series of shooting and 2 x 1 km running. In this way, the relay competition is an exciting spectacle requiring contribution form each team member in every event. Also a mist relay with two competitors, one man one women included from 2009 on the official World Championships programme.
World Cup Series.
A World Cup Series for both Men and Women has been organised since 1990. Each year between 4 and 6 World Cup competitions and a World Cup Final are organised and the whole package is called the World Cup Series. The best 36 athletes qualify for the World Cup Final via a league table constructed from their three best results at World Cup competitions. The very best 36 athletes are guaranteed to compete in the Finals. Prize money is also available.
Athletes.
See :Category:Modern pentathletes by nationality
Olympic Pentathletes.
See :Category:Olympic modern pentathletes

</doc>
<doc id="20443222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443222" title="Petter Meyer">
Petter Meyer

Petter Meyer (born 21 February 1985) is a Finnish footballer currently representing Seinäjoen Jalkapallokerho of the Kakkonen. Meyer, who is a striker, signed a one-year contract with the Seinäjoki based club after the 2010 season. His previous club was FF Jaro of the Veikkausliiga.
Meyer was an integral part of the Grankulla IFK team that was promoted to the Finnish First Division in 2007. In 2008 he scored twelve goals for his club, third most in the whole league, which earned him a contract with the top flight side FF Jaro. During the 2009 season, he was the best scorer at FF Jaro in the Premier Division. Meyer suffered from injuries that required surgery during the next season. He wasn't able to feature in Jaro as a first team regular because of this.
In December 2010, Meyer announced that he was joining Thai Port F.C. of the Thai Premier League on a trial.
In January 2011, Meyer announced his commitment to SJK for the 2011 season. The main reason for this was the opportunity to combine football with studies.

</doc>
<doc id="20443234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443234" title="Aspy Fatakia">
Aspy Fatakia

Aspy Nariman Fatakia (born August 10, 1934) is a global investor and a member of the South Asian IT companies CEO community, and is a member of the Pakistani IT Industry through his company Ora-Tech Systems (Pvt) Ltd. 

</doc>
<doc id="20443245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443245" title="Bangor Celtic F.C.">
Bangor Celtic F.C.

Bangor Celtic F.C. are a football club from Crumlin, Dublin, Republic of Ireland who play in the Leinster Senior League.
Senior staff.
•Manager: John Scott
•Chairman: Gerry Carney •Treasurer: Eddie Kearney • Secretary: Aileen Sheridan

</doc>
<doc id="20443257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20443257" title="Iris Loveridge">
Iris Loveridge

Iris Gwendolyne M. Loveridge (10 April 1917 – 6 November 2000) was an English classical pianist.
Born in West Ham, London, she attended the Royal College of Music, and later the Royal Academy. She specialised in British contemporary music, including piano sonatas by Arnold Bax, Gordon Jacob (of which she was the dedicatee), E.J. Moeran and Edmund Rubbra. In 1947 she also gave the UK premiere of William Schuman's Piano Concerto with the BBC Symphony Orchestra under Basil Cameron. She also performed in duet with the oboist Evelyn Rothwell (Lady Barbirolli). In addition, she made appearances at the Henry Wood Proms. She retired professionally in 1995.
Her recordings of Bax's piano works (not quite a complete survey of his piano output, though most of his pieces for the instrument are represented) were recently re-issued on CD by Lyrita Records.
She married Henry Morriss in 1966, but continued to perform under her maiden name. Henry died in 1995. Iris Loveridge died in Gloucester.

</doc>
