<doc id="20367620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367620" title="No Bobby Left Behind">
No Bobby Left Behind

"No Bobby Left Behind" is the fifth episode in the 13th season of the Fox animated series "King of the Hill", and the 240th episode overall. It originally aired on November 9, 2008. Mark Sainsbury and Paul Henry guest star. The episode's title references the No Child Left Behind Act, which is often referred to as 'No Child Left Behind'.
Plot.
A math teacher meets with Hank and Peggy after Bobby receives a “D-minus” on a test. Bobby says he’s not very good at math. The math teacher considers the possibility that Bobby is simply a “bad test taker.” However, Hank blames Bobby’s low score on his son not asserting himself and forces Bobby to study harder.
Meanwhile, a school board member named Stu tells Principal Moss about their “No Child Left Behind” problem -- namely, that the students haven’t passed the yearly standardized test in two years despite their success in passing students from one grade to the other. If the students fail again, the state will fire the teaching staff, including Moss. The teachers have only a few weeks to prepare the kids for the test. Moss addresses the student body, telling the kids that if they don’t pass the test, they’ll be shipped off to other schools (the honors students will go to North Arlen Middle School while the rest will go to schools in Durndle or worse). 
With the test rapidly approaching, all classes, including gym class, focus on math and reading. When the dumbfounded kids are unable to answer the question, Kleehammer tells Moss the situation is hopeless. Moss notices something in the standardized test manual that gives him hope: any child labeled as “special needs” is exempt from the standardized government test. At first, Bobby isn’t too sure about the idea, but when Moss states that any child labeled “special needs” is exempt from homework and will accompany the honor roll students to the Alamo Land theme park the following week, Bobby embraces it. Later, Mister Terkelson evaluates the students and categorizes Bobby (along with Joseph Gribble, Clark Peters, and others) as “special needs.” Bobby returns home and tells his parents the news. While Peggy shows concern over the possibility of Bobby being a “special needs” student, Hank protests that Principal Moss is taking the easy way out and Bobby is just a lazy student.
Hank drives to Bobby’s school to speak with Moss, but Moss bolts out in a panic, so instead he speaks to Terkelson. He accuses the school of placing his son in the “special needs” class to prevent him from taking the standardized test. Hank demands action, but Terkelson assures Hank he has the final word in such matters. Later, Moss speaks with the math teacher, telling him that all “C” and “D” students have been accounted for. But when the math teacher points out a student named Jack who appears to be daydreaming, Moss has Jack removed from the classroom and placed with the “special needs” kids. Jack tells Bobby that he doesn’t belong in the class. But when Bobby lists the advantages—including ice cream treats, a beanbag chair and the trip to Alamo Land—Jack changes his mind and embraces the class. Later, Bobby and his fellow “special needs” students accompany the honor roll kids to Alamo Land. There, Bobby, Jack and Joseph take an interest in a log flume ride. As the log is about to plummet into a “bottomless pit,” the boys stand up—and are tossed into the water. As horrified bystanders observe, Bobby and his friends plunge over the edge and into the “bottomless pit.”
When Peggy finds out about the flume incident, she vows that someone will pay dearly for letting it happen. The local news media picks up the story (and mistakes a shirtless Dale for one of the special needs kids), prompting school board member Stu to warn Moss that he’ll lose his job. Moss tells Stu he put the boys in the “special needs” class so they would be exempt from the standardized test. A short time later, Moss tells Hank about the scheme and worries about what to do next. Hank decides there’s only one thing left to do: let Bobby and the other slow learners take the test. Hank thinks the kids just need to be pushed. Later, Bobby learns that he passed the test. However, the school as a whole fails. Principal Moss is let go, and Coach Kleehammer is made interim principal. Later, Hank and Peggy discover that Moss now earns a living selling steaks.

</doc>
<doc id="20367667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367667" title="Bishops College (Newfoundland)">
Bishops College (Newfoundland)

Bishops College is a high school located in central St. John's, Newfoundland. It is next to another high school called Booth Memorial High.
Bishops College has French Immersion and English stream programs and is well into its fifth decade as an educational institution, is located in St. John's, NF, Canada. It offers grades 10 to 12 to a total student population of about 600 and operates under the Newfoundland and Labrador Department of Education curriculum. Bishops College is under the trusteeship of the Eastern School District
Over the past two decades Bishops College has been proud to nominate its teachers for one of the most prestigious awards an educator can receive – the Prime Minister's Award for Teaching Excellence. Bishops College has been even more proud to announce successful nominees year after year. Winners include Bonnie Campbell, Yvonne Dawe, Carolyn Morgan, Claire Frankel, Renee Boyce, Brian Vardy, Pat Wells, Jim Moore, Brenda Rowe-Bartlett, Sharon Whitt and Garland Jennings. To have so many winners from the same school has been unprecedented nationwide. 
History.
Before 1787 the Church of England in Newfoundland was under the jurisdiction of the Bishop of London, and then later the diocese of Nova Scotia. It was not until 1839 that the first Bishop of Newfoundland, Rev. Aubrey George Spencer, was consecrated. Bishop Spencer laid foundations upon which his successors built. He extended the work of the church, established a school for the training of clergymen (afterwards Queen's College), and laid the foundation stone for the building of a cathedral in St. John’s. Under his successor, the Right Rev. Edward Feild, education continued to be encouraged, and orphanages founded. 
Bishop Feild founded a collegiate school for boys which in 1894 became Bishop Feild College. He also established Bishop Spencer College, a diocesan school for girls. For 100 years these schools were homes to boys and girls from the Church of England. Bishop Feild College was the College for all Anglican people in Newfoundland. To that end Feild Hall was erected near present day St. Thomas' Church to house the "outport" boys whose parents could afford to send them to Feild. Bishop Jones Hostel (Rennies Mill Road) was the girls’ accommodation.
The present Bishop Feild School, the old Bishop Feild College, was erected in 1926 and opened in 1928. The school recently celebrated its 165th anniversary.
In 1959 Bishops College was built by The Anglican Church necessitating a diminishing of the old Bishops Feild college to a Junior High. Why this was done is open to speculation but some believe it was a turning away from the British Model of comprehensive schooling to the American model of a tripartite system of primary, elementary, and high schools).
In 1972 a further decrease in Feild's status came when Junior High Schools like Macdonald Drive, Macpherson and I.J. Samson were built. Thus Feild became a Primary/Elementary School and by 1986 it was a French Immersion School.
The First amalgamation.
Formation of the Integrated School Board, which was called the Avalon Consolidated School Board, occurred in 1969. This amalgamation brought together the United, Anglican, Presbyterian, and the Salvation Army. At this time Bishops College was no longer a school for Anglican male and females but for most Protestant religions.
The Second Amalgamation.
In 1995 the people of Newfoundland voted 54% to reduce the denominational system in Newfoundland and by 1998 a provincially run system was set up. Gone was 277 years of denominational education. Bishops College, along with Booth Memorial became the schools serving the west end of St. John's and Kilbride area. Feeder schools for Bishops were Cowan Heights Elementary and I. J. Samson Junior High. In 2005 a change in the feeder system brought St. Matthew's Elementary and Hazelwood Academy, feeding into Beaconsfield Junior High and then to Bishops College.
Archive and Heritage Project.
The 50th Anniversary Committee digitized the 50 yearbooks which are available online for students, alumni and members of the public to view in PDF format. 
http://www.bishops.k12.nf.ca/archive/yearbooks.html
Barons Bulletin.
The school produces newsletters four times a year and they are available online since 1998.
Staff and students contribute news items so the community can be informed about school programs and successes.
http://www.bishops.k12.nf.ca/bulletin/index.htm
Mascot.
The Mascot for Bishops is The Bishops Baron, sometimes depicted as Snoopy dressed as the Red Baron.
References.
http://www.bishops.k12.nf.ca/bishhist/index.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20367680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367680" title="Coat of arms of Austria-Hungary">
Coat of arms of Austria-Hungary

The coat of arms of Austria-Hungary was that country's symbol during its existence from 1867 to 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20367720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367720" title="1931 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1931 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1931 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1931-1932. The Buckeyes compiled a 6–3 record and outscored opponents by 120, 194-74. Head coach Sam Willaman improved to 2-1 against Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20367736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367736" title="2009 Women's Professional Soccer season">
2009 Women's Professional Soccer season

The 2009 Women's Professional Soccer season served as the inaugural season for WPS, the top level professional women's soccer league in the United States. The regular season began on March 29 and ended on August 9, with the postseason being held between August 15 and 21.
Standings.
"Blue denotes team has clinched regular season championship."
"Green denotes team has spot in 2009 Women's Professional Soccer Playoffs."
Leaders.
Goalkeeping.
270+ MINS only
Related Competitions.
All-Star Game.
WPS All-Star 2009 was played on August 30 at Soccer Park in the St. Louis suburb of Fenton, Missouri, with the WPS All-Stars defeating Swedish powerhouse Umeå IK of Damallsvenskan 4–2. The match was televised in the US on Fox Soccer Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20367777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367777" title="Mount Union Purple Raiders football">
Mount Union Purple Raiders football

The Mount Union Purple Raiders football team is the varsity intercollegiate football team representing the University of Mount Union, located in Alliance, Ohio, United States. They compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) at the Division III level and are members of the Ohio Athletic Conference (OAC). The team was established in 1893 and plays their home games at the 5,600 seat Mount Union Stadium. They are coached by Vince Kehres. Through the 2012 season, Mount Union football has won 11 Division III National Championships and 25 OAC titles, which includes a streak of 22 consecutive conference titles dating back to 1992. Additionally, the Purple Raiders own the NCAA football record for consecutive victories, with 55, set from 2000–2003, which broke their previous record of 54, set from 1996–1999. With the Purple Raiders' success, former head coach Larry Kehres holds the record for highest winning percentage, , for coaches with minimum 200 career wins, over his 27 seasons (1986–2012) as coach at Mount Union.
History.
The first football game played by Mount Union was on the schools baseball field in 1893 against the Alabama Crimson Tide. Over the course of eight consecutive seasons from the start of the 1996 season through 2003, the team went 111–0 (), won six national titles, eight straight conference championships, and had a winning streak of 111 games. On October 16, 1999, the team broke the NCAA football record for consecutive victories with their 48th straight win, a 44–20 home win over Otterbein College. The previous record of 47, set by the Oklahoma Sooners, had stood since 1957. The Purple Raiders' winning streak, which began in 1996, reached 54 games before coming to an end December 11, 1999 in an overtime loss in the Division III playoffs. In 2003, the team broke their own record by winning their 55th consecutive game, a 66–0 home win over Bridgewater College, a streak that began September 2, 2000, and ended the following week on December 20, 2003, with a loss in the Stagg Bowl.
Championships.
The Purple Raiders won their first OAC title in 1985 and repeated in 1986. After winning the title again in 1990, the team began a streak of consecutive conference titles in 1992 that reached 22 following their 2013 OAC championship.
Through the 2012 season, Mount Union has won 11 Division III National Championships and has 16 total appearances in the Stagg Bowl, including the last 8 consecutively, along with 24 playoff appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="20367783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367783" title="La Marche (cave)">
La Marche (cave)

La Marche is a cave and archaeological site located in Lussac-les-Châteaux, a commune in the department of Vienne, western France. The carved etchings discovered there in 1937 show 15,000 year-old detailed depictions of humans. The cave paintings at this site are controversial and many doubt their authenticity.
Location.
The La Marche cave is located in the Lussac-les-Châteaux area of western France. It is at the bottom of a small valley bordered by the Petit Moulin river, and is most likely the result of the river’s underground tunneling. Of the 350 known sites of European cave art from the Ice Age, almost half are located in this country. In addition to La Marche, several other important cave sites from the Paleolithic period have been discovered in France including those at Lascaux, Niaux, Trois Frères, Font-de-Gaume and Les Combarelles, Chauvet, Cosquer, Cussac, and Rouffignac.
The artwork found in La Marche is specifically from the middle Magdalenian period, dating to around 14,000 or 15,000 BCE. Factors that made La Marche an ideal archaeological site for artwork include its usefulness as a shelter to prehistoric humans, the cultural preference of these early people, and its relatively good preservation.
History.
The La Marche cave paintings were discovered in the caves in the Lussac-les-Châteaux area of France by Léon Péricard in November 1937. Péricard, and his partner Stephane Lwoff, studied these caves for five years, and found etchings on over 1,500 slabs. In 1938, they presented their discovery to the French Prehistoric Society, and published them in the Society's "Bulletin". However, many people questioned the validity of these findings because the paintings closely resembled modern art. Also, in the lectures that Lwoff gave about the caves, he gave his audience false information, thus discrediting the findings even more. The caves were studied again in 1938 and 1939 by the French priest Henri Breuil. Breuil’s results were similar to Péricard’s findings, and therefore more people believed the authenticity of the paintings. After this, La Marche was not studied until recently.
In 2002, Péricard’s findings were reevaluated by Dr. Michael Rappenglueck of Munich University. He believes that Péricard’s findings are valid and has initiated a more thorough study of the caves. He also states that a large portion of the paintings were lost during Péricard's excavations: in his attempt to examine the walls, Péricard completely ignored the cave floors that possibly displayed even more paintings and etchings, destroying many of these in the process. Dr. Rappenglueck suggests that a detailed study of the cave floors may bring to light pieces of the puzzle advancing the credibility of Péricard’s original discovery.
Finds at La Marche.
When French scientist Léon Péricard excavated La Marche between 1937 and 1942 he catalogued over 1,500 slabs of limestone that had been carefully placed on the floor.
In the past two decades an extensive inventory of the cave has been taken. 1,512 pieces have been found and numbered, 386 of which were deemed as compositional entities. The content of these etchings include animals, such as lions and bears, along with 155 depictions of humans, clad in robes and boots, each with their own well-defined faces.
Style.
The intricate portraits of La Marche do not resemble the stick figure style that was common in prehistoric cave paintings. Instead, these portraits are more lifelike and realistic. The engravings are also more complex and present in higher qualities than in other sites. Many of the figures are superimposed over one another with a single figure cut out multiple times. This style made the engravings hard to isolate and decipher when they were first discovered in 1937 and also added to the doubt of the site’s authenticity.
Humans.
Péricard originally found 69 human figurines in the caves. There were 49 etchings of heads alone and 18 with the whole body. All together, there were 50 etchings of females, 12 of males and 5 that were of indeterminate gender. Eventually, 155 human figurines were found.
Heads.
When studying the heads and faces of the human etchings, Péricard took detailed observations of the eyes, ears and nose. He also studied skull structure, such as the shape of the chin and cheekbones. He noticed that there were different types of facial features for each etching. This shows that the etchings were differentiated for different people. A person was identified by certain facial characteristics and this was mirrored by the etching. This differentiation can extend to simply determining the gender of the subject. By combining different facial features, scientists are able to determine the gender of a figure by its face alone.
Bodies.
The etchings of the bodies in La Marche have distinct characteristics as well. Generally, the etchings are those of obese women. The bodies of the women were constructed in a diamond shape, with a small head, large stomach and small feet. Men were also etched with large bodies, although this was not as prominent in men as it was in women. Bodies are also extremely useful in determining the gender of an etching, in that they portrayed the secondary sex characteristics. In addition, many of the engravings show people wearing hats, robes and boots. Although this does not coincide with the previously accepted view of prehistoric people, it may be because paintings depicting clothed humans were destroyed in the other caves while scientists were studying the walls.
Constellations.
Additionally, Dr. Michael Rappenglueck has noted pits arranged like certain constellations on the cave floor. One constellation on La Marche’s floor, the Pleiades, has been found engraved on the walls of Neolithic caves, but rarely on those of the Paleolithic. Dr. Rappenglueck has suggested that these pits might have been filled with animal fat and set on fire to replicate the stars in the sky. If so, Rappenglueck ventures, this site could mark the origin of the candlelit festivals in the Far East that also celebrate the Pleiades.
Controversy.
At the time of discovery.
Péricard and Lwoff were the main contributors to the discovery and created the original documents concerning the findings at La Marche. These documents focused mostly the depictions of humans. When the documents were presented before the French Prehistoric Society, they were greeted with skepticism. This especially came from their colleagues in the northern region of France, which was occupied by Germany during that period of World War II.
The publication of the discovery in 1941 did not present information that coincided with the original documents created and presented by Lwoff and Péricard. Though certain commentaries by Lwoff and Péricard were meant to open up a discussion about the site’s validity, the reaction was one of skepticism. More doubt was raised due to a number of lectures regarding La Marche given by Lwoff. Lwoff's lectures included incorrect facts. This point can be noted in one of the lectures given by Lwoff in Paris regarding L'homme de Lussac.
At the same time, the French Prehistoric Society supported the findings at La Marche and attested to the authenticity of the paintings even if some of the details were questionable. The official report from the French Prehistoric Society states that the findings at La Marche are completely authentic. However, this statement was not enough to quell the skepticism of many prehistorians.
It seems that the skepticism was not disarmed until 1942 at the reception of a letter and report from priest and archaeologist Henri Breuil. This priest had been to La Marche and searched it for three weeks, seeing all of the material found from its discovery up until April 1940. Ultimately, his report dispelled much of the doubt and skepticism within the archaeological community.
More recently French archaeologist André Leroi-Gourhan analyzed the technique of the etchings. His findings indicate that the drawings are too complicated to come from the era to which they have been dated. He believes that the searches do not yield enough hard evidence to be proven authentic. He compared La Marche to another cave, Angles-sur-L'Anglan, which has provided more detailed proof whereas La Marche’s information is not as clear-cut.
The doubt regarding the engravings has had many consequences on the development of the discovery. Due to the high percentage of skepticism, the findings were not exposed immediately at the Museum de Saint Germain. This has allowed for further study and preservation of the artifacts found at La Marche. Upon closer examination, the quality and nature of the etchings is an extremely important contribution to the study of cave people.
Further debate.
Certain findings at La Marche have led to greater debate over the origin and development of writing systems. In particular, an engraved reindeer antler from La Marche has provided proof that more sophisticated systems of symbols existed during the Paleolithic period than once believed. Francesco d'Errico, an archaeologist who analyzed the antler, sees it as proof that humans at this time had “artificial memory systems,” which enabled them to record various groupings of information.
As a result, this discovery has forced anthropologists to reconsider such fundamental concepts as cognitive evolution and the definition of writing. d’Errico argues that cognitive evolution, or the assumption that writing systems naturally became more complex over time, does not apply in the case of the antler, which contains a more advanced recording system than that of the early Neolithic period. Thus, d’Errico does not agree that artifacts like the reindeer antler can fairly be classified as from the pre-writing period as they always have been. This recent debate between archaeologists can be seen as even further proof that scientific opinion is increasingly favoring La Marche as an authentic site.

</doc>
<doc id="20367790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367790" title="Beacon College">
Beacon College

Beacon College is a small private college in Leesburg, Florida exclusively for students with dyslexia, ADHD, or other specific learning disabilities.
The college offers Associate of Arts and Bachelor of Arts degrees in Human Services, Interdisciplinary Studies, Computer Information Systems, Psychology, and Business Management.
The college is regionally accredited through the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and is licensed by the Florida Department of Education.
Quality Enhancement Plan.
Every college in the Southern Association of Colleges (SACS) are required to submit and implement a "Quality Enhancement Plan" (QEP). This includes Beacon College. The idea behind the Quality Enhancement Plan is for the college or school to devise a personal plan--that's documented--to the SACS with the mission and purpose of outlining a course of action to deliver better institutional methods and practices to greatly improve student learning; in turn vastly improving the overall educational quality of the college.
Beacon College's main mission with its Quality Enhancement Plan is taking up the Paul/Elder Critical Thinking philosophy and methods. The Paul/Elder methods to train the mind and find a higher more efficient way of critically thinking and reasoning are based on a few principals that Beacon College has fully adopted. Paul/Elder teaches that first it is important to establish the "elements of reasoning(or thought)", i.e.: concepts, purpose, point of view, etc. Then to follow up and train students' minds to take in "intellectual traits(or virtues)", i.e.: intellectual courage, "fairmindedness", intellectual empathy, etc. Beacon College has found not only these methods to be effective and beneficial to their students in the classroom but also for their students outside/after the classroom.

</doc>
<doc id="20367793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367793" title="Dunbar Street">
Dunbar Street

Dunbar Street is the name of a major north-south thoroughfare bisecting Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It runs from 16th Avenue in the north, to 51st Avenue by the Point Grey Golf and Country Club in the south.
Route.
Beginning at 16th Avenue near the Dunbar district, the street passes south, intersecting King Edward Avenue and on through 41st Avenue. It mostly passes through residential districts, with the exception near King Edward Avenue and 41st Avenue. It also passes by the Dunbar Loop of Translink. The route ends at 51st Avenue, where the Point Grey Golf and Country Club lies to the south. It is the westernmost of the major routes.
Neighbourhoods.
Dunbar Street passes through the following Vancouver neighbourhoods (north to south):
Intersections.
The following are the major east-west intersections with Dunbar Street (north to south):

</doc>
<doc id="20367819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367819" title="List of Australia Test cricket records against South Africa">
List of Australia Test cricket records against South Africa

This is a list of Australian Test cricket records against South Africa. It is based on the List of Australia Test cricket records, but concentrates solely on records dealing with the Australian Test cricket team, and any cricketers who have played for that team, against the South Africa Test cricket team. Australia played its first recognised Test cricket match against South Africa in October 1902, and the records listed here date from that time.
Listing criteria.
In general the top ten are listed in each category (except when there is a tie for the last place among the ten, when all the tied record holders are noted).
Listing notation.
Team notation
Batting notation
Bowling notation
Currently playing

</doc>
<doc id="20367836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367836" title="Thomas C. Griggs">
Thomas C. Griggs

Thomas Cott Griggs (June 19, 1845 – August 12, 1903) was an English-born Latter-day Saint director and hymnwriter. He is probably most notable for being the composer of the music to "Gently Raise the Sacred Strain", which has been used by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir for over three-quarters of a century as the opening number in the "Music and the Spoken Word" broadcasts.
Biography.
Griggs was born in Dover, Kent, England. His mother joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) when Griggs was young and he was baptized a Latter-day Saint in May 1856. That same year he and his mother (his father was dead by this point) traveled with a group of Latter-day Saints to Boston. They stayed there for five years. During this time, Griggs belonged to a band formed by the LDS Church's Boston congregation. It was as a member of this band that he first had his desire to study music kindled. While in Boston, Griggs was also made a teacher in the LDS Church's Aaronic priesthood; his call to this office was given by Apostle George Q. Cannon. With the outbreak of the American Civil War, the Griggs heeded the counsel of LDS Church leaders to move to Utah Territory. The Griggs crossed the plains in Joseph Horne's Mormon pioneer company in 1861.
Griggs first joined the Mormon Tabernacle Choir in 1866 when Charles John Thomas was the director. Griggs would continue as a member of the choir until his death in 1903. While Robert Sands was the conductor of the choir, Griggs served as the assistant conductor. Around 1880, Griggs left the choir for a short time to serve as a Mormon missionary in Britain. While away, he was appointed director of the choir, but on returning to Utah and realizing that Ebenezer Beesley was directing the choir well, he convinced to church leaders to appoint Beesley as the director and leave him as the assistant director.
Besides his work with the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, Griggs also assisted in the compilation of the "Latter-day Saint Psalmody" and the first song book published by the Deseret Sunday School Union.
Griggs had very deep connections to the LDS Church's Sunday School. From 1874 to 1891 he was superintendent of the Sunday School located in the 15th Ward in Salt Lake City. From 1891 to 1901 he was superintendent of the Sunday School for the Salt Lake Stake, thus being in charge of all Sunday Schools teaching Latter-day Saints in all of Salt Lake County. Griggs had also been made a member of the General Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union in 1889, and served in that position until his death in 1903. He was the Deseret Sunday School Union business manager from 1900 until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20367878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367878" title="1930 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1930 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1930 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1930–1931. The Buckeyes compiled a 5–2–1 record while outscoring their opponents 139–48.

</doc>
<doc id="20367880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367880" title="Ewart Grogan">
Ewart Grogan

Ewart Scott Grogan (1874–1967) was a British explorer, politician, and entrepreneur. He was the first person to walk the length of Africa, following a path from Cape Town to Cairo.
Biography.
Ewart Grogan was educated at Winchester College and Jesus College, Cambridge, which he left without taking a degree. He was expelled from both school and university. He subsequently spent some time at the Slade School of Art before going to Bulawayo to help defend the town in the Second Matabele War.
He fell in love with Gertrude Watt, the sister of a Cambridge classmate, but her stepfather disapproved of the match; while Grogan came from a respectable family, his own life had little to recommend it. He proposed becoming the first man to make the Cape-to-Cairo journey; the stepfather agreed that this would be a suitable test of his character and seriousness.
He then commenced his expedition from Cape Town to Cairo at the age of 24, reaching Cairo in 1900, after two and a half years of travelling. He had been stalked by lions, hippos, and crocodiles, pursued by headhunters and cannibals, plagued by parasites and fevers. He returned home a popular sensation. He was made a fellow of the Royal Geographic Society and met Queen Victoria. In four months of effort, Grogan wrote about his journey in "From the Cape to Cairo; the first traverse of Africa from south to north" (1902). Capping his success, he married Gertrude.
Gertrude's Garden Children's Hospital located in Nairobi, Kenya was founded in 1947, with the donation of some land by Colonel Ewart Grogan, in memory of his wife, Gertrude Edith. The hospital now has seven branches spread out in the City's residential areas.
While at Cambridge Grogan was a member of the notorious and mysterious dining society, The Natives. The club, which has run for over 135 years, toasts Grogan's journey from Cape Town to Cairo at every dinner.
First World War.
In October 1914 Grogan traversed part of German East Africa to Kivu where he met his old friend the Belgian Josué Henry. Most of his subsequent life was spent in east Africa, mainly Kenya, where he settled. He died in South Africa at the age of 92.
Kenya.
Grogan held strong views regarding Black Africans: "A good sound system of compulsory labour would do more to raise the nigger in five years than all the millions that have been sunk in missionary efforts for the last fifty." He earned the distinction, in 1908, of becoming the first Kenyan settler to commit a "killing which aroused the indignation of all fair minded people in Kenya and abroad", when he, along with four friends, flogged two of his so-called rickshaw boys so viciously for so long that one died, while the other was hospitalised for three months. Grogan was initially charged with murder, but ended up being convicted of mere common assault, serving just two months' hard labour as punishment.
Legacy.
In 2007, American journalist Julian Smith retraced Grogan's route from South Africa to southern Sudan, and wrote about it in the book "Crossing the Heart of Africa" (2010). The book also re-tells Grogan's journey and life story.

</doc>
<doc id="20367924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367924" title="Seven Stabs">
Seven Stabs

Seven Stabs is the fourth major release from Dublin-based instrumental rock band The Redneck Manifesto. The album was recorded by bass player Richard Egan and self produced in January 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20367931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367931" title="Live in Sydney">
Live in Sydney

Live in Sydney is the 2001 DVD release of Kylie Minogue's On a Night Like This Tour. The DVD features exclusive backstage footage of the concert, including a look into the dancers dressing rooms and a prank played on Kylie during the show entitled 'Will Kylie Crack'. The DVD was certified 3× Platinum in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20367944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367944" title="List of NFC champions">
List of NFC champions

The National Football Conference (NFC) is one of two conferences within the National Football League (NFL), the American Football Conference (AFC) being the other. Prior to 1970, there were two separate professional football leagues, the National Football League and the American Football League (AFL). In 1970, the AFL merged with the NFL. As part of the merger, the former AFL teams, plus three former NFL teams (the Baltimore Colts, the Cleveland Browns and the Pittsburgh Steelers), were placed into the AFC. The remaining former NFL teams were placed in the NFC. As of June 2012, only the Detroit Lions have not won an NFC championship.
Background.
The NFC champion is not necessarily the team with the best record in the regular season. Rather, the champion is decided by the NFC Championship Game as part of the post-season playoffs involving the teams with the best regular season records. The Dallas Cowboys won the first two NFC championships, in 1970 and 1971. No team has won more than two consecutive NFC championships. The Cowboys won two consecutive NFC championships three times (1970–1971, 1977–1978, 1992–1993). The Minnesota Vikings (1973–1974), Washington Redskins (1982–1983), San Francisco 49ers (1988–1989) and Green Bay Packers (1996–1997) have also won two consecutive NFC championships.
Through the 2012 season, the Dallas Cowboys have won more NFC championships than any other team, with eight. The San Francisco 49ers have won six. The Washington Redskins and New York Giants have each won five NFC championships. The Minnesota Vikings, Los Angeles/St. Louis Rams and Green Bay Packers have won three apiece. The San Francisco 49ers have also been the NFC runner up, as a result of losing the NFC Championship Game, a record nine times. The Rams and Cowboys have each been the runner up six times.
The record for the most regular season wins by an NFC champion is 15, by the 1984 San Francisco 49ers and the 1985 Chicago Bears, each with a 15–1 record. Six NFC champions have won 14 games. The 1982 Washington Redskins had the fewest wins of any NFC champion, with eight wins and just one loss in the strike–shortened 1982 season. The fewest wins by an NFC champion in a complete season were by the 1979 Los Angeles Rams, 2008 Arizona Cardinals, and the 2011 New York Giants. All three had nine wins and seven losses.
Tom Landry was the head coach for five NFC championships, more than any other head coach. Landry coached the Dallas Cowboys to NFC championships in 1970, 1971, 1975, 1977 and 1978. Joe Gibbs coached four NFC champions, and Bud Grant, Bill Walsh and Mike Holmgren each coached three. Holmgren and Dick Vermeil both won NFC championships for two different franchises. Holmgren was the head coach of the 1996 and 1997 NFC champion Green Bay Packers and of the 2005 NFC champion Seattle Seahawks. Vermeil was the head coach of the 1980 NFC champion Philadelphia Eagles, and 19 years later was the head coach of the 1999 NFC champion St. Louis Rams.
Roger Staubach and Joe Montana were each the starting quarterback for four NFC championships, more than any other quarterback. Staubach was the starting quarterback for the 1971, 1975, 1977 and 1978 Dallas Cowboys. Montana was the starting quarterback for the 1980, 1984, 1988 and 1989 San Francisco 49ers. Fran Tarkenton, Troy Aikman and Kurt Warner were each the stating quarterback for three NFC champions. Warner accomplished this for two different franchises, the 1999 and 2001 St. Louis Rams and the 2008 Arizona Cardinals. Joe Theismann, Phil Simms, Brett Favre and Eli Manning were each the starting quarterback for two NFC champions, although Simms missed the NFC Championship Game in one of those seasons (1990) due to injury.
Chuck Foreman and Emmitt Smith were each the leader in rushing yards for an NFC champion four times. Others who led an NFC champion in rushing yards multiple times are Duane Thomas, Tony Dorsett, John Riggins, Wendell Tyler, Roger Craig and Marshall Faulk. Tyler did so with two different franchises, the 1979 Los Angeles Rams and the 1984 San Francisco 49ers. Jerry Rice and Michael Irvin each led an NFC champion in receiving yards three times. Bob Hayes, Drew Pearson, Charlie Brown, Dwight Clark, Gary Clark and Antonio Freeman each led an NFC champion in receiving yards twice.
The 1983 Washington Redskins had seven 1st team All-Pros, more than any other NFC champion. The 2012 San Francisco 49ers and six and 1985 Chicago Bears had five. The 1975 Dallas Cowboys, 2000 New York Giants and 2007 New York Giants did not have any 1st team All-Pros. Ron Yary of the 1973, 1974 and 1976 Minnesota Vikings is the only offensive lineman with three 1st team All-Pro selections for an NFC champion. Several defensive players have been 1st team All-Pros for two NFC champions, including Alan Page, Cliff Harris, Ronnie Lott and LeRoy Butler.
The Super Bowl is played annually between the AFC champion and the NFC champion. The first four Super Bowls were played prior to the AFL/NFL merger between the AFL and NFL champion. The 1970 NFC champion Dallas Cowboys lost the first Super Bowl played after the merger, but the 1971 Cowboys were the first NFC team to win the Super Bowl. The NFC had a streak in which its champion won 13 consecutive Super Bowls, from the 1984 NFC champion San Francisco 49ers through the 1996 NFC champion Green Bay Packers. Overall, the NFC champion has won 23 of the 43 Super Bowls played since the formation of the NFC with the AFL/NFL merger through the end of the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20367957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367957" title="Now Larimar Resort">
Now Larimar Resort

Now Larimar Resort is a resort located on Bavaro Beach Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. It was opened in late 2007. The resort sits on Bavaro Beach, which shares many other resort hotels. The resort, formally known as the EdenH Real Arena Resort, is operated by Now Resorts.
Rooms.
There are 658 rooms. There are three types of rooms- Deluxe Rooms, Paradise Club Rooms, and 38 suites. The rooms are located in two parallel buildings that each have four floors. 
Deluxe Rooms
450 rooms that have
46 square meters by 
A/C and fans available
Bathrooms with shower and a Jacuzzi
Color TV with plasma screen
Hair dryer
Umbrellas Coffee maker
In-room safe
Iron board
Room service
Paradise Club Rooms
170 rooms
54 square meter by 
Beach towels and bathrobes
A/C and fans available
Bathrooms with shower and a Jacuzzi
Color TV with plasma screen
Hair dryer
Umbrellas Coffee maker
In-room safe
Iron board
Customers with a Paradise Club Room are called "Paradise Club Members." These customers also have access to:
VIP swimming pool and bar
Luxury room amenities 
Complimentary 15 minute massage
Upgraded room service menu 
VIP Lobby 
Private check in 
Private lounge
Facilities.
Now Larimar Resort has many facilities to offer countless activities. Although the entertainment may seem lacking at night, there are still many things to do during the day. The resort is part of Bavaro Beach, a long strip of beach that is occupied by many resort hotels. EdenH has its own line of motorized and nonmotorized water vehicles that can be used on the beach, and the resort also has many areas to exercise. There are two pools, one for adults and one for children, and one bar that only Paradise Club members are allowed to use. Customers with a Paradise Club status wear pink bracelets and have paid for a room that is more costly than the normal room.
Facilities include: five swimming pools, six restaurants, eight bars, one casino, a spa, Kids Club, Teens Club, gym and exercise center, Internet Lounge, basketball courts, two tennis courts, volleyball courts on the pool and beach, bowling lanes, life-size chess games at the pool, conference and banquet facilities for up to 700 people, dry cleaning & laundry facilities, and lounge chairs available at the beach and pools. 
Restaurants.
Now Larimar Resort has six restaurants and eight bars. Of the six restaurants, four are specialty restaurants including 
The other two restaurants are buffets. One is inside, the other is by the main pool. Of the eight bars, one is private. Most of the bars are outside or in a restaurant, but there is a bar located in the casino and the main lobby lounge. On the beach there is a mini snack area with sodas, water, and fresh fruit.

</doc>
<doc id="20367963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20367963" title="92 Code">
92 Code

The 92 Code was first adopted by Western Union in 1859. The reason for this adoption was to reduce bandwidth usage over the telegraph lines and speed transmissions by utilizing a numerical code system for various frequently used phrases. 
1859 Western Union "92 Code".
The following code was taken from "The Telegraph Instructor" by G.M. Dodge.
Contemporary usage.
Today, amateur radio operators still use codes 73 and 88 profusely and –30– is used in journalism. Radio-amateurs also occasionally use the code 99 for "Go to Hell", though this may be their own addition to the code-table. The other codes have mostly fallen into disuse.

</doc>
<doc id="20368042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368042" title="Gardner Loulan">
Gardner Loulan

Gardner Willson Loulan (born January 29, 1982) is an online community manager for Tout.com (formerly Kicktag.com) and former television host at MTV Networks and NBC Universal. He received an Emmy Award nomination as a television host, for LXTV's "1st Look" on NBC highlighting the best destinations and the latest developments in food, nightlife, art, fashion, travel, and entertainment.
Biography.
His professional television career began as a video jockey, writer and producer for MTV University (MtvU). He was part of the team that won an Emmy for their reporting on the conditions in Darfur. He got this job while a sophomore at Fordham University (Lincoln Center) after sneaking into the Metropolitan Opera House prior to the MTV Video Awards. He later created an irreverent short video about the show. The video was passed throughout the dormitory and ultimately into the hands of executives at MTV Networks. 
While with MTV University he wrote scripts, produced segments and toured the country interviewing entertainers, celebrities (at the MTV Video Awards and Movie Awards) and students. MtvU is seen on more than 750 college campuses nationwide. 
During his time at Fordham University, he was voted Student Government President and participated extensively in Fordham's Global Outreach programs leading community service projects throughout New York, Pennsylvania, North Dakota, Montana, Colorado and Haiti. In addition to his degree from Fordham he has studied at both NYU and USC film schools. 
Gardner Loulan has also worked with the US Forest Service, Habitat for Humanity, Diane E. Watson (Member of the US House of Representatives) as well as the Sisters of Charity and Champions (an outdoor education program based in Los Angeles). In 2006 he co-wrote, directed and co-produced the feature film "Our Feature Presentation"(90min) which had a theatrical premiere on December 21, 2008 and is now available on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="20368043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368043" title="Bisie">
Bisie

Bisie is a township of 10,000 in the Walikale territory, province of North Kivu, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), an illegal source of an estimated 15,000 tons of tin, or 4% of global production. Bisie was established following the discovery of cassiterite by a hunter, and led to a frenzy. Following the Second Congo War, the Mai Mai - allied militia in the area was to form the 85th brigade of the national army and receive training and evenly deployed throughout the DRC. The militia refused, and under the leadership of Colonel Samy Matumo, the production and transport of tin, and the economy of Bisie is largely controlled by the renegade militia. It is estimated that production of tin is as high as $100 million a year. It is estimated that the militia extorts $300–600,000 a month in illegal taxation on everything from transport into the mine, to mud huts ($50 a month), and sales taxes ($20 a week from small peddlers). Though tin is the lifeblood of the economy of Bisie, the militia have built large hotels, brothels and bars.
Tin is mined by hand through open cast mining, and put in bags that weigh in excess of 110 pounds, and dropped off at a central location, where it is transported on foot by individuals for over 30 miles, typically over 2 days. From there it is driven to the village of Kilambo, where it is transported via Soviet-style cargo planes to Goma, where it is sold to international dealers, such as Malaysia Smelting Corporation.
The militia controls the entire area, only allowing people who pay their taxes. While Mining and Processing Congo, a consortium of British and South African investors, bought rights in 2006, the militia has thwarted any attempt by them to arrive in the area, having in the past shot and injured people who came to the area in association with the company.
While the mine is illegal, the political and economic situation is complex. Any abrupt closing of the mine would cause more chaos in the region, with the militia and thousands of people depending on the mine being out of business. The mine has been intimately tied to world markets, as in October 2008, prices of tin increased 37% at the end of the month with news of fighting in the region. According to some watching the conflict, the fact that a transition is not being made from the militia to a legal form of production indicates corruption at the regional and federal levels of the DRC.
The FARDC's 85th non-integrated Brigade has recently been redeployed. Bisie Mine is now under the control of "former" CNDP forces who are integrating into the FARDC.

</doc>
<doc id="20368046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368046" title="Belsky family">
Belsky family

Belsky family may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20368047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368047" title="Gonocarpus">
Gonocarpus

Gonocarpus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Haloragaceae. The species, which are native to Australia, New Zealand and Malesia, include:

</doc>
<doc id="20368074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368074" title="Southland Art Foundation">
Southland Art Foundation

The Southland Art Foundation, established in 1995, is a Southland, New Zealand art foundation that provides funding for a variety of art programs and scholarships for New Zealand artists. It was the successor to the Trustbank Southland Art Foundation, created by former Southland Museum and Art Gallery Chairman, Dr Alf Poole CBE and former Southland Museum and Art Gallery Director, Russell Beck.
William Hodges Fellowship.
The Southland Art Foundation 'Artist in Residence' programme began in 1996, having been proposed and developed by Michael A R Anderson, Head of Art Faculty, Southern Institute of Technology and by Wayne P Marriott, Art Gallery Manager, Southland Museum & Art Gallery, .
Southland had previously hosted a number of one off opportunities for New Zealand artists to work in the region, during the 1980s. These had been the work of Russell Beck and Dr Alf Poole, former Director and former Chair, Southland Museum and Art Gallery. This culminated in 1990 with the Art in the Sub-Antarctic programme, which provided an opportunity for Bill Hammond, Geerda Leenards, Shaun Burdon, Chester Nealie, Helen Mitchell, Lloyd Godman and Laurence Aberhardt, amongst others to participate in the joint Museum and DOC residency on the Sub-Antarctic Islands. Godman proposed the concept of the project as far back as 1984 and was instrumental in the organization as was Lou Sanson, Conservator for the Southland Conservancy in charge of Fiordland National Park, Stewart Island and the Subantarctic World Heritage Area.
Anderson saw the residency as an opportunity to expose the Southland community, and the students of the Southern Institute of Technology, to the creative genius of some of New Zealand's greatest living artists.
Artists are required to spend time at the Southern Institute of Technology and also to work in and around Southland.
In 1999 the Trustees–Shirley Palmer, Gwen Neave, Russell Beck and Wayne P Marriott resolved to rename the Artist in Residence programme the William Hodges Fellowship. This was in recognition of the acquisition of William Hodges "Maori before a Waterfall", 1773 by the Southland Museum and Art Gallery in 1998. Hodges was regarded as the first artist in residence in Southland, having depicted the flora, fauna and people of the region during Captain Cook's second voyage to New Zealand.
Artist in Residence
William Hodges Fellowship
Burwell House.
In 2000, Burwell House, a former 1878 Doctors residence of Invercargill Public Hospital was converted into a residence and studio for artists, and officially opened by Hon. Judith Tizard, Associate Minister, Arts, Culture and Heritage that year.
The original architect was F W Burwell; Burwell House was constructed in 1879.
The Southland Museum and Art Gallery leased the property in 1988 and undertook some external restoration on the buildings. It used the Central Block for storage and in 2000 refurbished the South Wing for use as the accommodation for the artist-in-residence program.

</doc>
<doc id="20368089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368089" title="AD Arganda">
AD Arganda

Agrupación Deportiva Arganda is a football club based in Arganda del Rey, Community of Madrid, Spain. The club was established in 1964 and play their home games at the Estadio Municipal de Arganda inaugurated in 1980 to replace the "Campo de Las Cañas". Since its founding, the club has spent much of his career in the Regional and Preference Categories Madrid soccer, with sporadic participation in the Third División has participated in eight seasons. In 2009, the club returned to the Third División after 24 years.
History.
The club was founded by Julian Vadillo and Juanjo Pozo on 14 February 1964 and became part of the 3rd Regular Regional. In those beginning the Arganda played their home games in the "Campo de Las Cañas". The beginning of the entity flows through the various echelons of the regional categories, until in June 1974 AD Arganda achieved one of their biggest hits after rising for the first time in their history after beating Third Division in the ascent phase to Zamora CF, Third Division team.
The club were framed in the Group II Third, along with historical teams today as the Club Atlético Osasuna, Getafe CF, Real Unión, CD Logroñés or SD Eibar.
The debut in the category ended in a 4–3 win at Atletico Madrileño, Atlético Madrid reserves. The adventure of the team lasted only one year, given their poor results achieved on the road, where he was unable to win a match, only tied on four occasions. However, as local victories achieved talked about, two 4–1 to Real Union and Industrial Béjar or Eibar 3–1.
The coach at that time was Jose Esteban de la Cita, and the squad was: Luis Mariano, Pichi, Valiela, Boyarizo, Rico, Carmona, Pinilla, Borja, Echebarría, Jorge Gil, Bajo, Martínez, Sutil, Poli, Quique, Vicioso II, Vicioso III, Ungria, Denche, and sporadically Olivares, Calleja, Fernández, Barrayo, Nieto, Zurro, Castellanos and Bustamante.
After two years, the Regional A.D. Arganda returned to Third Division, where it remained for four consecutive seasons. Those years served to strengthen the team and that, under the presidency of José de Llanos, be achieved by getting the City to build a new football stadium, the current Municipal Sports Stadium, opened in 1980.
Soon after, in 1982–83, was again achieved promotion to Third División, in which the club endured two seasons in the category. In 1983–84 the club argandeño that ended in what is to date his best season in the category, finishing in 14th place.
Preferential The return in 1985, a period of decline for the Arganda and with it a journey to the regional level until the 1987–88 season, in which the Club disappears because of the many debts that accumulated. After his disappearance, was formed UD Arganda, which brought together the local neighborhood teams.
This situation lasted until the 1991–92 season, the year that chairman Maximiliano Lopez takes over and manages, after City Council separated, that regains its original name Arganda, AD Arganda. A year later, in 1992–93, the Arganda returns to the preference category, which at different times managed to be among the top of the table and even stay at the gates of the rise, as happened in the 2005–06 season. Finally, it was the 2008–09 campaign in which the Arganda won the Third Division after he returned to consummate their league championship in Villarejo de Salvanés. For the first time since Maxi López became chairman, the team again reached the Third División.
In 2009, the Estadio Municipal de Arganda entered into a process of remodeling, so the AD Arganda had to play their games both at the Polideportivo de La Poveda as the new City of Football. The institution managed to put together a good set in the year of his return, 24 years later, but the economic problems that arose in the mid-campaign staff made the coach Paco Lobato and several players who came with him, leaving the club when the team marched in the comfort zone of the table.
In early season, it is usual every year the traditional dispute Trofeo Virgen de la Soledad, which takes place during the festivities of the town.
One of the most memorable players and representing the history of the club is Jorge Gil Montero, who spent ten seasons at the club between 1970 and 1980, coinciding with that golden decade of Arganda. Other major players in the club have been Agustín Pérez, who was twelve seasons with the Arganda and "Manolito", which will be ten. They have rejected offers from clubs of a higher grade to stay in the team of their land. Finally, we also include striker Poli, Jose Manuel Mendez, the winger Antonio Azcona and goalkeeper Jesús Lamela.
Stadium.
The AD Arganda plays its matches in the Municipal stadium of Arganda, with capacity of 3,000 spectators. Arganda's council rebuilt Municipal after AD Arganda's promotion to Tercera División. However, the council built a new training facilities in Arganda's City of Football. This new training grounds includes medical and training facilities for the first team.

</doc>
<doc id="20368119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368119" title="RMNMN">
RMNMN

RMNMN is an EP released by Dublin-based band The Redneck Manifesto. It was intended as a free CDEP for those who attended their Vicar Street headline gig in 2006. The CD was meant to be available soon after the gig but due to financial and CD pressing issues, the release was pushed back from its June 1, 2006, release date.
Due to the amount of lost tickets (tickets were required to collect the CD) the band put the EP up for download on their website along with hi res versions of the artwork. The EP also increased from being a two-track EP to a five-track with each member contributing a track.

</doc>
<doc id="20368134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368134" title="Saleh Mosque">
Saleh Mosque

The Saleh Mosque or Al Saleh Mosque (Arabic: جامع الرئيس الصالح) is the largest and most modern mosque in Sana'a, Yemen. It lies in the southern outskirts of the city, south of the Al Sabeen Maternal Hospital. Inaugurated in November 2008 by Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh, it is named in his honor. The mosque, in size, has a central hall which is with an occupancy capacity of 44,000. The building cost nearly US$60 million to construct. Open to non-Muslims, the mosque is frequented by tourists, and promotes moderate Islam. Security measures include police and bomb-sniffing dogs.
History.
The President of Yemen was criticized in 2008 for undertaking such a grand project when the country was suffering with socio-economic problems. Several accidents occurred during its construction. The minarets collapsed multiple times, resulting in some deaths. After these occurrences, the site was used to build the Islamic college and the garden next to the mosque. It is also mentioned that Hayel Said, a local businessman, was threatened with reprisals and annulment of his business licenses if he did not pay for the building of the mosque. It is also reported that because of the fluid political situation in Yemen where the Zaidi tribal elites are influential, the Saleh's palace mosque was bombed in June 2011 with the president badly injured; the bombing took place at the instigation of tribal elites who supported the youth movement which sought a national leadership change.
The Saleh Mosque appears on Yemeni currency. It is depicted on the face of the 2007 issue 250 rial note.
Architecture and fittings.
The mosque was constructed using different types of stone, including black basalt stones as well as limestone in red, white and black. The building is compared in its beauty and architectural elegance with the Masjid al-Haram, in Mecca. It was built in a fusion of "Yemeni architecture and Islamic styles", with many Quranic verses inscribed on the walls. The layout is referred to as "Himyarite architecture". The building has wooden roofs and seven ornate domes. There are five domes in the main roof, the main dome measuring in diameter with a height of above the mosque's roof. The other four domes measure with height of above the roof level of the mosque. Windows fitted with stained glass are locally referred to as "qamariyah". Of the fifteen wooden doors, ten of them are situated on the eastern and western sides, and five open south towards the Islamic college and ablution areas. The doors are in height and include engraved copper patterns. Four of the six minarets are in height.
The interior space is from floor to ceiling. While the plush carpeting contains intricate patterns, huge chandeliers have colorful and flower-like patterns. The three-storied building which includes the Quran College, also contains libraries and over two dozen classrooms, enough space to accommodate 600 students. Three large rooms are specifically for women; a small hall can accommodate 2,000 women.
The mosque has a modern central air conditioning and sound systems, as well as full security arrangements, including bomb-sniffing dogs. The building stays lit through the night. Thorn Lighting International, through its distributor Al Zaghir, was the lighting contractor. Diah International served as the subcontractor for civil and mechanical engineering; Sodaco Engineering & Contracting also provided services in the building's construction.
Grounds.
Situated in close proximity to the Presidential palace, the mosque is set within the Al Sabeen square, which is the country's largest parade square. The mosque was built on a large area of land which was acquired from Beit Zuhra, of a well-known local family; it is said that when Zuhra refused to sell the land at a low price, his eldest son was abducted for ransom and released three months later, after Zuhra agreed to sell the land for the mosque at a low price. Nearby is an amusement park named FunCity. The grounds include sprawling gardens, green courtyards, and parking space for thousands of vehicles, part of an integrated services plan.
Worshippers.
As people of all religions can visit the mosque, tourists are present in large numbers. The mosque also promotes moderate Islam, and that to a large number of people, considered a positive feature in light of the Al-Qaeda influence. Women pray in an enclosed area separated from the main central hall. The Saleh Mosque is the only Yemeni mosque where police and bomb-sniffing dogs are utilized for inspecting worshippers. Prayers are also telecast over the national television network to reach a larger viewing audience.

</doc>
<doc id="20368136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368136" title="Jaime Castillo Petruzzi">
Jaime Castillo Petruzzi

Jaime Castillo Petruzzi, known as "El Toro" ("The Bull"), is a Chilean terrorist and financier who worked with the Túpac Amaru Revolutionary Movement during the internal conflict in Peru.
Along with a few others, he conformed a group of Chileans who carried out special operations for the terrorist organization. Petruzzi kidnapped many prominent businessmen during this period, who were kept in "cárceles del pueblo" (people's jails) and usually exchanged for money to buy modern weaponry and equipment.
He was known as a lunatic, who killed businessperson David Ballón Vera and also shot dead one of his brothers in arms for losing his nerves during the kidnapping of Pedro Miyasato Miyasato.
Petruzzi was detained in 1993 and sentenced to life in prison for betrayal in the high-security Yanamayo prison in Puno, Peru.
Biography.
Castillo became a militant of the MIR in the 1960s. After the victory of Salvador Allende, he was employed by the Government, sent to Cuba to train, and eventually became a guard of the Palacio de La Moneda. In 1973, immediately after Augusto Pinochet's coup d'état he fled to Paris to study. In the University of Paris he met fellow students, future MRTA leader Víctor Polay Campos and ex-president of Perú, Alan García. From Paris, he traveled to El Salvador and fought in the civil war there for two years. After this, he went to Nicaragua to aid the government in fighting Contra rebels. Around 1987, the military failure and numerous inside betrayals that plagued the MRTA led Polay to contact Petruzzi and urge him to go to Peru and join his organization.

</doc>
<doc id="20368151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368151" title="Seasons (David Murray album)">
Seasons (David Murray album)

Seasons is an album by David Murray which was released on the Pow Wow label. It was released in 1999 and features performances by Murray, Roland Hanna, Richard Davis, and Victor Lewis.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "Among the better numbers on this restrained date are "Spring Will Be a Little Later This Year," "The Summer Knows," "Autumn in New York," and "Snowfall.".

</doc>
<doc id="20368171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368171" title="Alan Tarney">
Alan Tarney

Alan Tarney (born 19 November 1945) is an English songwriter, record producer and bass guitarist. He was born in Workington, Cumberland, England, but spent his teenage years in Adelaide, Australia, where he met his songwriting and musical partner Trevor Spencer.
Career.
Tarney was part of the influx of British migrants who settled in Adelaide during the height of 1960s pop music boom. His first major group in Australia was James Taylor Move, a four-piece outfit regarded as one of Australia's first psychedelic rock bands; the original line-up in 1967 comprised Tarney on bass, his longtime collaborator Trevor Spencer on drums, Kevin Peek on lead guitar and Robert (R.J.) Taylor on vocals. Both The James Taylor Move and their rising-star contemporaries The Twilights were formed by various members of two earlier Adelaide bands, Johnny Broome and the Handels, and The Hurricanes.
James Taylor Move's (JTM) early concerts were in support of The Twilights, who soon moved to Melbourne. JTM built up a solid following in Adelaide and in early 1967 they won the South Australian final of the Hoadley's Battle of the Sounds. They headed to Melbourne in July for the national finals, and although they were defeated by The Groop they decided to remain there.
Securing a deal with Festival Records they released their debut single "And I Hear The Fire Sing" / "Magic Eyes" in August 1967. The A-side was apparently considered too radical for local radio, but the B-side was picked up, received plenty of airplay in the southern states and became a Top 40 hit in Melbourne. In October, Festival released their second and final single, "Baby Jane", backed by the raga-influenced "Still I Can Go On".
Peek left the band in May 1968, and was replaced by two new members, John Pugh and organist Lance Dixon. Lead singer Robert Taylor left the following month, and he was replaced by the 18-year-old blues/soul singer Wendy Saddington. This second line-up lasted only a few more months and made no commercial recordings before their split at the end of 1968.
Tarney and Spencer were next reunited with Kevin Peek in The Kevin Peek Trio (1968–69). They moved back to the UK in 1969, where they recruited an old Adelaide friend Terry Britten (ex Twilights) to join the group, which was then renamed Quartet (1969–70). Quartet recorded one album with Decca Records which remains unreleased, but two singles were issued on Decca: "Joseph" / "Mama Where Did You Fail" (F13072, 1970) and "Now" / "Will My Lady Come" (F12974, 1970).
After the demise of Quartet, the four members became a session musicians and songwriters, recording and writing for many top UK acts including Cliff Richard and Olivia Newton-John. Around this time Tarney also joined The Shadows and was a member from 1973 to 1977. In 1975 he was one half of Tarney/Spencer Band along with Trevor Spencer. They signed a 10-album deal with A&M Records, but met with little success and after three album releases, the group disbanded and discontinued their contract with agreement by the record label.
In 1979, Tarney began the biggest period of his career when he wrote and arranged the Cliff Richard No. 1, "We Don't Talk Anymore". This led to him becoming Richard's record producer of his next two albums, "I'm No Hero" (1980) and "Wired for Sound" (1981). At this time he also wrote and produced Barbara Dickson and Leo Sayer - his distinctive sound being heard on the hit singles "January February" and "More Than I Can Say".
Tarney went on to bigger success in the mid-1980s when he teamed up with Norwegian group A-ha. Producing the second version (after Tony Mansfield) of their first single "Take On Me", the song became a worldwide hit and he went on to produce the group's first three albums. He also produced David Cassidy's comeback 1985 album "Romance," which included the top ten hit "The Last Kiss". He returned again to write and produce for the Cliff Richard albums "Always Guaranteed" (1987) and "Stronger" (1989).
Tarney's other production credits include Bow Wow Wow, The Moody Blues, The Dream Academy's "Life In A Northern Town", Squeeze, Matthew Sweet, Voice of the Beehive, the "" album and Pulp's hit single "Disco 2000".
Personal life.
Tarney currently lives in Richmond, London. He has a daughter, Mia, a professional artist painter and a son, Oliver, who works in the music industry.
Selected discography.
With The Tarney/Spencer Band.
Albums:
CD reissues
Producer.
Singles:
Albums:
Studio session musician for:

</doc>
<doc id="20368190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368190" title="Tony Vacca">
Tony Vacca

Tony Vacca is an American percussionist specializing in jazz and an early innovator in world music. He incorporates percussion instruments from a world of traditions that includes African, Caribbean, Asian and Middle-Eastern influences, to which he adds some of his spoken word and rhythm poetry. 
Vacca plays both as a soloist and with his World Rhythms Ensemble. His frequent trips to West Africa have contributed to his unique approach to playing the balafon, and to his depth of knowledge regarding African and American musical traditions.
Vacca has recorded and performed with such a wide range of musicians such as Sting, Senegalese Afro-pop artist Baaba Maal, Jazz trumpeter Don Cherry, poet Abiodun Oyewole, Senegalese Hip-Hop artists Gokh-bi System, and Massamba Diop.
Vacca currently resides in Whately, MA. 

</doc>
<doc id="20368204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368204" title="Abel Stearns">
Abel Stearns

Abel Stearns (February 9, 1798 – August 23, 1871) was a trader who came to the Pueblo de Los Angeles, Alta California in 1829 and became a major landowner, cattle rancher and one of the area's wealthiest citizens.
Early life.
Stearns was born in Lunenburg, Massachusetts, the son of Elizabeth (née Goodrich) and Levi Stearns, a farmer. His parents were both from families that came from England in the 1600s. Stearns went to Mexico in about 1826, where he became a naturalized citizen.
Los Angeles.
In 1829, Abel Stearns emigrated to Monterey, California, then settled in the Pueblo de los Ángeles, present day Los Angeles, California. He obtained a government concession to build a warehouse at San Pedro, the nearest seaport. Later, he established a stagecoach route connecting San Pedro Bay with the Los Angeles pueblo. In 1831, he built a three-story flour mill on North Spring Street, Los Angeles. Soon, Stearns became one of the most prominent and influential citizens of the pueblo.
In 1842 Stearns bought the Rancho Los Alamitos between Los Angeles and the harbor. However, there was a drought between 1862 and 1864 which was said to have resulted in the death of 50,000 cattle on Stearns land alone. Stearns mortgaged the rancho to Michael Reese, who then purchased it at a sheriff's sale and Reese's estate then sold it to John W. Bixby.
In 1842 Stearns made the first shipment to the U.S. Mint of California gold on record. On July 8, 1843, his package of 1,843 ounces of placer gold valued at $19 an ounce was deposited in the Philadelphia Mint by Alfred Robinson.
Following the Mexican-American War, Abel Stearns represented Los Angeles to the US military government of California, 1848-1850. He was a delegate to the 1849 California Constitutional Convention, representing the district of Los Angeles; later he was California State Assemblyman, and a Los Angeles County Supervisor and a member of the Los Angeles Common Council, the legislative branch of the city government.
Ranchos.
By 1860, Abel Stearns was the most important land owner in Southern California, and owned Rancho La Habra, Rancho Los Coyotes, Rancho San Juan Cajón de Santa Ana, Rancho Las Bolsas, Rancho La Bolsa Chica, Rancho Jurupa and Rancho La Sierra (Sepulveda). Stearns was hit hard by the drought of 1863-64, causing the loss of thousands of cattle. By 1868 Stearns had suffered such financial reverses that he mortgaged all his ranch assets in what were then Los Angeles and San Bernardino counties.
Robinson Trust.
To obtain the necessary operating capital, he formed a real estate sales partnership, with Alfred Robinson and four San Francisco investors; Samuel Brannan, E. F. Northam, Charles B. Polhemus, and Edward Martin; that became known as the Robinson Trust in 1868. He turned over to the Trust, including all but one of his ranchos.
The era of the large cattle ranchos was on the way out. In its place came agriculture, as ranchos were broken up and generally sold in farms and ranches. The Robinson Trust acted as sales agents for the subdivisions. In order to gain maximum coverage for their campaign, they linked themselves to the California Immigrant Union and helped guide that organization’s sales pitches. 
Despite considerable friction between Stearns and the other members of the trust, the Robinson Trust nevertheless succeeded. By 1870 Stearns was out from under the debts incurred by the drought of the 1860s and was on his way to accumulating yet another fortune. But, before he could realize that fortune, Abel Stearns died.
Family life.
Stearns was nicknamed "Cara de Caballo" (Horse Face) because of his long-jawed countenance. In 1841 Stearns married Arcadia Bandini of the wealthy Bandini family. Stearns died on August 23, 1871 at age 72 in the Grand Hotel, San Francisco, California, and is interred at Calvary Cemetery, Los Angeles.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20368230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368230" title="Cleburne Building">
Cleburne Building

Cleburne Building (also known as 924 West End Avenue) is an apartment building located at West End Avenue and 105th Street in Manhattan, New York City.
The Cleburne was completed in 1913 by real estate developer Harry Schiff on the site of the mansion of Mr. and Mrs. Isidor Straus who perished on the RMS Titanic. There is a memorial to Mr. and Mrs. Straus in nearby Straus Park.
The building, which is designed in the Arts and Crafts Movement style has a handsome porte-cochère.

</doc>
<doc id="20368247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368247" title="Charles John Thomas">
Charles John Thomas

Charles John Thomas (November 20, 1832 – March 31, 1919) was the director of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir for part of the 1860s, and was involved in several other musical endeavors in early Utah.
Biography.
Thomas was born in Burnley, Lancashire, England. His parents were Joseph K. Thomas and Margaret Spotswood. Charles J. Thomas was a member of an orchestra by the age of nine. He had been trained up to this point in music by his father, who made his living in orchestras. In 1851 he joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). The rest of his family joined the LDS Church shortly afterward, following his being healed after being administered to by elders of the church. 
During the 1850s, Thomas traveled with an Italian opera company and some of his compositions were played at London theatres. 
In 1861, Thomas emigrated to Utah Territory. Among the first things Thomas did on arriving in Utah was taking over the band of the late Ballo. He not only lead the Tabernacle Choir for a time but was also the first orchestral director at the Salt Lake Theatre. From 1862 until 1865 Thomas was director of the Tabernacle Choir. He was the first director to lead the choir in the current Salt Lake Tabernacle building. From 1865 until 1871, Thomas lived first in the St. George area and then in Beaver, Utah. In both locations he was involved in organizing choirs and teaching music. 
Thomas was asked by Brigham Young to return to Salt Lake City in 1871 and again take the lead of the Salt Lake Theatre Orchestra. In the following years in Salt Lake City Thomas formed the first male glee club in Salt Lake City in 1876. He also taught music lessons in Salt Lake City, where he had among other students Heber J. Grant. 
In 1887, Thomas served as a Mormon missionary in Great Britain. After his return to Salt Lake City, he was head of music for the Salt Lake Temple. He also was appointed by Evan Stephens to direct a choir made up of those members of the Tabernacle Choir that did not go to the World's Fair in Chicago in 1893 and thus provide music at the Tabernacle while most of the Tabernacle Choir was absent.
Thomas married Charlotte Gibbs. Charlotte died in 1875 and in 1878 Thomas married Amy H. Adams. Between his two wives Thomas had a total of 13 children, however only six of his children were alive in 1904, the rest having died primarily at very early ages.
Thomas's sister Margaret married George Romney (1831–1920), who was a brother of Miles Park Romney, the grandfather of George W. Romney, and the great-grandfather of Mitt Romney.
Among the works written by Thomas was the music to "Sons of Michael, He Approaches", a hymn that was in previous Latter-day Saint hymnals, but is not contained in the latest English-language hymnal of the LDS Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20368281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368281" title="Singapore Shorts">
Singapore Shorts

Singapore Shorts (Volume 1) is a 2002 compilation of 9 award winning Singapore short films: "3 Feet Apart" by Jason Lai, "Autograph Book" by Wee Li Lin, "Birthday" by Bertrand Lee, "Locust" by Victric Thng, "Mother" by Royston Tan, "Moving House" by Tan Pin Pin, "The Call Home" by Han Yew Kwang, "The Secret Heaven" by Sun Koh, "While You Sleep" by Eva Tang.

</doc>
<doc id="20368285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368285" title="Intimate and Live (DVD)">
Intimate and Live (DVD)

Intimate and Live is a DVD release of Kylie Minogue's Intimate and Live Tour. It was filmed in Capitol Theatre, Sydney. Australia on 1 July 1998 and released on 23 July 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20368312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368312" title="1941 (EP)">
1941 (EP)

1941 is a 2001 EP release from Soul-Junk. It was released as part of a 3-inch disc series by Absalom Recordings. Its sound is unusual even for Soul-Junk, consisting of purely instrumental electronic music blended with low-fi, jazz, and hip-hop. It is most similar to their album "1956". The song "Rubbernecker" is a remix of the song by the Danielson Famile.

</doc>
<doc id="20368338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368338" title="Westwood (Uniontown, Alabama)">
Westwood (Uniontown, Alabama)

Westwood is a historic plantation in Uniontown, Alabama. The main house was built between 1836 and 1850 by James Lewis Price. It is in the Greek Revival style with some Italianate influence. The outbuildings include a smokehouse with architectural detailing identical to the main house, a carriage house, a dairy, and a cook’s quarters. Westwood Plantation was added to the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district on November 21, 1974. Boundary increases were made to the district on March 15, 1984 and December 10, 1984.
History.
James Lewis Price migrated to Perry County in 1835 from his native Richmond, Virginia. He began building Westwood in 1836, naming it after his grandfather's Virginia home. His slaves cleared the land and were responsible for the construction of his estate, including the main house. By 1850 Price had finished work on Westwood, now its sprawling plan was complete with projecting corner pavilions and two-story end loggias with recessed cast-iron porches. Westwood currently continues to be owned by Price descendants. The 1860 United States Census of Perry County indicates that James Lewis Price owned 108 slaves in that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20368358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368358" title="Perfluorononanoic acid">
Perfluorononanoic acid

Perfluorononanoic acid, or PFNA, is a synthetic perfluorinated carboxylic acid and fluorosurfactant that is also an environmental contaminant found in people and wildlife along with PFOS and PFOA.
Chemistry and properties.
In acidic form it is a highly reactive strong acid. In its conjugate base form as a salt it is stable and commonly ion paired with ammonium. In the commercial product Surflon S-111 (CAS 72968-3-88) it is the primary compound present by weight. PFNA is used as surfactant for the production of the fluoropolymer polyvinylidene fluoride. It is produced mainly in Japan by the oxidation of a linear fluorotelomer olefin mixture containing F(CF2)8CH=CH2. It can also be synthesized by the carboxylation of F(CF2)8I. PFNA can form from the biodegradation of 8:2 fluorotelomer alcohol. Additionally, it is considered a probable degradation product of many other compounds.
PFNA is the largest perfluorinated carboxylic acid surfactant. Fluorocarbon derivatives with terminal carboxylates are only surfactants when they possess five to nine carbons. Fluorosurfactants reduce the surface tension of water down to half of what hydrocarbon surfactants can by concentrating at the liquid-air interface due to the lipophobicity of fluorocarbons. PFNA is very stable and is not known to degrade in the environment by oxidative processes because of the strength of the carbon–fluorine bond and the electronegativity of fluorine.
Environmental and health concerns.
Like the eight-carbon PFOA, the nine-carbon PFNA is a developmental toxicant and an immune system toxicant. However, longer chain perfluorinated carboxylic acids (PFCAs) are considered more bioaccumulative and toxic. PFNA is an agonist of the nuclear receptors PPARα and PPARγ. In the years between 1999–2000 and 2003–2004, the geometric mean of PFNA increased from 0.5 parts per billion to 1.0 parts per billion in the US population's blood serum. In a cross-sectional study of 2003–2004 US samples, a higher (13.9 milligram per deciliter) total cholesterol level was observed in when the highest quartile was compared to the lowest. Non-HDL cholesterol (or "bad cholesterol") levels were also higher in samples with more PFNA.
In bottlenose dolphins from Delaware Bay, PFNA was the perfluorinated carboxylic acid measured in the highest concentration in blood plasma; it was found in concentrations well over 100 parts per billion. PFNA has been detected in polar bears in concentrations over 400 parts per billion. PFNA was the perfluorinated chemical measured in the highest concentration in Russian Baikal seals. However, PFOS is the perfluorinated compound that dominates in most wildlife biomonitoring samples.

</doc>
<doc id="20368375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368375" title="USS Opal (PYc-8)">
USS Opal (PYc-8)

USS Opal (PYc-8), formerly the yacht named "Coronet" (1928), was a patrol boat in the United States Navy during World War II and then served in the Ecuadorian navy.
1928-1941: Yacht "Coronet".
"Opal" was originally designed by the naval architecture firm of Cox & Stevens as the steel-hulled motor yacht "Coronet" for American businessman Irving T. Bush. It was built in 1928 at Kiel, Germany by Germania Werft. This vessel was named after the smaller schooner yacht "Coronet" of 1885, built for Irving's father Rufus T. Bush and known for its victory in an 1887 transatlantic ocean race. The first "Coronet" was also the vessel upon which young Irving Bush and his family had sailed around the world in 1888. The new diesel-powered "Coronet" featured a library, a living room with an open fireplace, a dining room, six staterooms (each with its own bathroom), and space for a crew of 20. The yacht had a 7,000 mile range. 
During the late 1920s and early 1930s, "Coronet" served as a pleasure yacht, for example cruising around the Mediterranean Sea and participating in New York Yacht Club activities on Long Island Sound. 
From 1931 through the end of the 1930s, "Coronet" stayed in south Florida, in and near Miami, maintained and ready for service, yet inactive. In 1935, Bush transferred ownership of the yacht to his wife, Marian Spore Bush. As both husband and wife were officially residents of New York City, and the "Coronet" was registered in New York but kept in Florida, the yacht became the subject of a property taxation dispute, which was finally settled by the Florida Supreme Court in 1939.
1941-1943: Coastal Patrol Yacht "USS Opal".
"Coronet" was purchased by the United States Navy from M.S. Bush on 27 January 1941 and converted for naval service at Merrill-Stevens Drydock Co. in Miami, Florida. It was commissioned "Opal" on 10 June 1941. 
"Opal" reported 23 August, 1941 at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, Cuba for service in the 10th Naval District. The vessel patrolled off Cuba and among the Greater Antilles prior to arrival at Trinidad, 24 April 1942, for similar “inshore patrol” duties. Early in October 1941 it sailed to the Charleston Navy Yard for installation of new sound detection equipment before returning to action against German submarines in the Caribbean Sea. "Opal" frequently served on escort missions between Guantanamo and Trinidad during the first eight months of 1943. 
1943-1960: Ecuadorian Navy's "Manabi".
In 1943, the US Navy reassigned "Opal" to serve as a training ship for Ecuadorian naval crews. It was lent to Ecuador on 23 September 1943 under the Lend-Lease Program and renamed "Manabi." The United States sold the vessel to Ecuador on 13 May 1949 and the US Navy struck its name from the Navy List on 7 June 1949. The Ecuadorian Navy scrapped the vessel in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="20368394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368394" title="Glenn S. Dumke">
Glenn S. Dumke

Glenn S. Dumke (May 5, 1917 – June 29, 1989) was a historian and chancellor of the California State University system from 1962 to 1982 – most of its first twenty years. He developed common standards for the colleges and universities in the system, supported affirmative action to recruit women and minority students, and assisted the establishment of four new campuses.
Early life and education.
Glenn Dumke was born in 1917 in Green Bay, Wisconsin. When he was age five, his family moved to Glendale, California. His father, William Frederick Dumke, was a buyer for a southern California grocery business. His mother, Marjorie Schroeder Dumke, was a homemaker who later went to work as a title searcher in Los Angeles. Dumke attended UCLA's Training School and graduated from Glendale Hoover High School in 1934. He earned a history degree from Occidental College in 1938. He completed an M.A. in history from Occidental and a Ph.D. in history from UCLA in 1942.
Career as university professor and administrator.
Dumke's first academic job was teaching Western American and Hispanic history at Occidental College. During the 1940s he conducted extensivel research and published his most notable historical works, including "The Boom of the Eighties in Southern California" (1944) and "A History of the Pacific Area in Modern Times" (1949), co-authored with Osgood Hardy. In 1950 he became Dean of Faculty at Occidental. In 1957 he accepted the position of president at San Francisco State College. Shortly thereafter, he was invited to join the committee creating the California Master Plan for Higher Education (1960), which distinguished among the University of California (UC) system, whose research campuses would offer degrees through the Ph.D., the California State Universities & Colleges (now known as CSU), which would offer bachelors and masters degrees, and the California Community Colleges, which would offer two-year programs. Dumke was appointed the first vice chancellor for academic affairs of the CSU system. When Buell Gallagher, the first chancellor of the new system, resigned suddenly after only eight months on the job, Dumke was offered the position.
As CSU chancellor from 1962 to 1982, Dumke's accomplishments were significant. Under his leadership 19 separate state colleges became the largest system of higher education in the United States, and enrollment tripled to 319,000 students. He created a system-wide academic senate. He began the practice of meeting monthly with the campus presidents, giving them significant input on system policies. He pushed for strong accreditation standards, and a system-wide general education program. He advocated for admission standards, which the CSU finally adopted in 1990. During his term of office, he helped create four new campuses at Dominguez Hills, Bakersfield, San Bernardino and Sonoma. Dumke was a staunch opponent of student and faculty strikes in the period of unrest from 1965 to 1971, issuing a ban on faculty strikes in 1969. Other initiatives of Dumke include the establishment of off-campus and extension programs in 1971, and a 1978 five-year affirmative action plan to increase enrollment of women and minorities in the CSU.
Later life.
After his retirement in 1982, Dumke was president of several think-tanks, including the conservative Institute for Contemporary Studies (1982-1989) and the Foundation for the 21st Century (1986-1989). He also sat on the governing boards for Pepperdine University, University of Redlands, and the California Chamber of Commerce. Among his national awards were the USO Distinguished American Award and the award for Individual Excellence in Education from the Freedoms Foundation. He was a member of a number of social clubs, including the Bohemian Club and the Commonwealth Club of California.
He was married to Dorothy Robinson Dumke for 44 years.
Books by Glenn S. Dumke.
Dumke wrote several historical novels under the pseudonyms Glenn Pierce ("The Tyrant of Bagdad", 1955; and "King's Ransom", 1986) and Jordan Allen ("The Condor", 1970; "Texas Fever", 1980; and "Cavern of Silver", 1982 ).

</doc>
<doc id="20368395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368395" title="Reach (Eyes Set to Kill song)">
Reach (Eyes Set to Kill song)

"Reach" is a song from an American metalcore band Eyes Set to Kill. It was released February 5, 2008 and was the lead single of the band from their debut album "Reach". Alexia Rodriguez is now the vocals after Lindsey Vogt left. An acoustic version of the song will be included on Lexia's debut "Underground Sounds".
Music video.
The music video is shot at an old room of an eerie Victorian home. The video is about a girl (Alexia Rodriguez) who is packing her clothes. There are shots of the band playing the song. She is wondering inside the old house with many light bulbs. She picks her things - a guitar, a bag, and a microphone. In the later part, she's in bed singing this part, "I try to reach you but I fall". When the song is about to finish, she leaves the house with her things and walks down in a car junkyard.

</doc>
<doc id="20368404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368404" title="2008 FIA GT San Luis 2 Hours">
2008 FIA GT San Luis 2 Hours

The 2008 FIA GT San Luis 2 Hours was the tenth and final round of the 2008 FIA GT Championship season. It took place at the new Potrero de los Funes Circuit in Argentina on 23 November 2008 It is the first time in FIA GT Championship history that an event has been held in South America.
Race results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="20368427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368427" title="Edge Foundation, Inc.">
Edge Foundation, Inc.

The Edge Foundation, Inc. is an association of science and technology intellectuals created in 1988 as an outgrowth of The Reality Club. Currently, its main activity is contributing to the edge.org website, edited by publisher and businessman John Brockman. The site is an online magazine exploring scientific and intellectual ideas.
The Third Culture.
The Third Culture is the growing movement towards (re)integration of literary and scientific thinking and is a nod toward British scientist C. P. Snow's concept of The Two Cultures of science and the humanities. John Brockman published a book of the same name whose themes are continued at the Edge website. Here, scientists and others are invited to contribute their thoughts in a manner readily accessible to non-specialist readers. In doing so, leading thinkers are able to communicate directly with each other and the public without the intervention of middlemen such as journalists and journal editors.
Many areas of academic work are incorporated, including genetics, physics, mathematics, psychology, evolutionary biology, philosophy and computing technology.
Annual questions.
In recent years Edge has posed its members an annual question: 
Contributing authors.
, contributors included Anthony Aguirre, Stephon Alexander, John Allen Paulos, Adam Alter, Alun Anderson, Ross Anderson, Samuel Arbesman, Scott Atran, Mahzarin Banaji, Samuel Barondes, Thomas Bass, Sue Blackmore, Paul Bloom, Giulio Boccaletti, Stefano Boeri, Nick Bostrom, Stewart Brand, David Buss, William Calvin, Nicholas Carr, Joan Chiao, Nicholas Christakis, George M. Church, Andy Clark, Gregory Cochran, Alana Conner, James Croak, Fiery Cushman, Scott D. Sampson, W. Daniel Hillis, Satyajit Das, Richard Dawkins, Aubrey De Grey, Daniel Dennett, Emanuel Derman, Keith Devlin, Rolf Dobelli, George Dyson, David Eagleman, Brian Eno, Juan Enriquez, Dylan Evans, Christine Finn, Stuart Firestein, Helen Fisher, Susan Fiske, Tecumseh Fitch, Richard Foreman, Howard Gardner, Amanda Gefter, David Gelernter, Neil Gershenfeld, Gerd Gigerenzer, Marcelo Gleiser, Joel Gold, Nigel Goldenfeld, Rebecca Goldstein, Daniel Goleman, Beatrice Golomb, Alison Gopnik, Joshua Greene, Jonathan Haidt, Diane Halpern, Kevin Hand, Haim Harari, Sam Harris, Marti Hearst, Roger Highfield, Donald Hoffman, Gerald Holton, Bruce Hood, Nicholas Humphrey, Marco Iacoboni, Jennifer Jacquet, Xeni Jardin, Daniel Kahneman, Paul Kedrosky, Kevin Kelly, Douglas Kenrick, Christian Keysers, Vinod Khosla, Marcel Kinsbourne, Jon Kleinberg, Brian Knutson, Bart Kosko, Kai Krause, Lawrence Krauss, Andrian Kreye, Rob Kurzban, George Lakoff, Jaron Lanier, Jonah Lehrer, Garrett Lisi, Seth Lloyd, Tania Lombrozo, Stephen M. Kosslyn, Gary Marcus, Hazel Rose Markus, John McWhorter, Thomas Metzinger, Geoffrey Miller, Evgeny Morozov, P.Z. Myers, David Myers, Richard Nisbett, Tor Norretranders, Gloria Origgi, Neri Oxman, Carl Page, Mark Pagel, Greg Paul, Irene Pepperberg, Clifford Pickover, Steven Pinker, David Pizarro, Ernst Pöppel, Robert Provine, V.S. Ramachandran, Lisa Randall, Martin Rees, Andrew Revkin, Matt Ridley, Matthew Ritchie, Jay Rosen, Carlo Rovelli, David Rowan, Rudy Rucker, Douglas Rushkoff, Paul Saffo, Eduardo Salcedo-Albaran, Robert Sapolsky, Dimitar Sasselov, Richard Saul Wurman, Roger Schank, Kathryn Schulz, Gino Segre, Charles Seife, Terrence Sejnowski, Martin Seligman, Michael Shermer, Clay Shirky, Gerald Smallberg, Laurence C. Smith, Lee Smolin, Dan Sperber, Tom Standage, Victoria Stodden, Linda Stone, Nassim Taleb, Don Tapscott, Max Tegmark, Richard Thaler, John Tooby, Eric Topol, Hans Obrist, J. Craig Venter, Eric Weinstein, Frank Wilczek, Dave Winer, Milford Wolpoff, Carl Zimmer, and Jason Zweig.

</doc>
<doc id="20368438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368438" title="Mount Amorong">
Mount Amorong

Mount Amorong a potentially active volcano, part of the Amorong Volcanic Group, is located at the northern end of the Luzon Central Plain, in Pangasinan province, Region I, on the island of Luzon, in the Philippines. 
Physical Features.
Amorong is one of a cluster of small lava domes and diatremes. It is the only one which currently exhibits any volcanic-related activities, being fumarolic and solfataric.
Listings.
Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) lists Amorong as Inactive.
The Smithsonian Institution lists Amorong as Fumarolic.
Eruptions.
Date of the last eruption is unknown but possibly more than 1 million years before present.
Geology.
Rock type is principally trachyandesite.
K-Ar dating of about 1.14 million years was obtained from the Amorong volcanic group.
It lies along the Eastern Bataan volcanic lineament of the Philippines. 

</doc>
<doc id="20368447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368447" title="A Gunfighter's Pledge">
A Gunfighter's Pledge

"A Gunfighter's Pledge" (the working title was "The Pledge") is a 2008 Western television film starring Luke Perry. The film premiered on Hallmark Channel in July 2008. It was filmed at Big Sky Ranch in Simi Valley, California.
Plot.
Ex-lawman Matt Austin (Luke Perry) accidentally kills an innocent man (Francesco Quinn) while hunting an outlaw who killed his family. He pledges to the dying man that he will take his body to his sister Amaya (Jaclyn DeSantis). Austin wrestles with the idea of telling her he caused the death, but is faced with bigger battles once at the farm. There he gets involved with land baron Horn (C. Thomas Howell), who is trying to take Amaya's land. Their lives are more intertwined than he thought, when he takes on Horn and discovers that Horn has hired the man he was looking for all along.
Promotion.
Hallmark Channel employed guerilla marketing tactics to promote the movie. The network dispatched 20 cowboys each day from June 30 through July 2 in various places, including Times Square and Rockefeller Plaza in New York, and Venice Beach and the Santa Monica Pier in Los Angeles. Over the three days, the cowboys engaged onlookers in showdowns and deputized locals with sheriff’s badges featuring tune-in information for the film. Wild postings in the form of Old west-style wanted posters featuring an ink-block likeness of Luke Perry’s character, Matt Austin, and the phrase, “a sheriff with nothing to lose” were also put up around the cities.
Reception.
When "A Gunfighter's Pledge" premiered on Hallmark Channel, it scored a 2.3 household rating with over 1.9 million homes. It ranked as the second-highest-rated Prime Time telecast of the day and the second-highest-rated ad-supported cable movie of the week. The movie also boosted the network to rank third in Prime Time on the day of its premiere with a 1.9 household rating. It also ranked in the top 10 during the time period among key demo ratings and delivery.

</doc>
<doc id="20368452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368452" title="Federation of Evangelical Lutheran Churches in Switzerland and the Principality of Liechtenstein">
Federation of Evangelical Lutheran Churches in Switzerland and the Principality of Liechtenstein

The Federation of Evangelical Lutheran Churches in Switzerland and Liechtenstein ("In German": Bund Evangelisch-Lutherischer Kirchen in der Schweiz und im Fürstentum Liechtenstein; and "in French": Fédération des Eglises évangéliques luthériennes en Suisse et dans la principauté du Liechtenstein) is an organization of five Lutheran churches in Basel and Northwestern Switzerland, Bern, Geneva, Zurich, and Vaduz (Liechtenstein). It was founded in 1967 and represented 6500 baptized members in 1999, growing to 6,818 baptized members by the end of 2009. It is a member of the Lutheran World Federation since 1979.
Organization.
The mission of the federation is to promote the unity of the member congregations.
Decisions are made through a convention that takes place every two years. Members of the convention include three representatives from each of the five churches, among these are the pastors of each congregation.
The federation convention votes for a president, a vice president, a secretary, and a treasurer for two year terms.

</doc>
<doc id="20368492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368492" title="Asheville Police Department">
Asheville Police Department

The Asheville Police Department (APD) is a nationally accredited police department and the primary law enforcement agency servicing a population of 72,789 people within of the municipality of Asheville, North Carolina.
History.
The APD was created in 1849 with a volunteer force of 5 officers and a captain. Because they were not authorized to carry weapons at the time, the volunteers had to weigh no less than . Later the next year, the town constable became the first chief of police. After several changes to staff and procedures, the force was officially created by ordinance on November 1, 1875.
In 1932, the department was using vehicles and had the first radios put into use. The radios at the time were one-way and required the dispatcher to repeat the message for service multiple times, slowly and loudly as there was no way for the beat officer to acknowledge receipt of transmission. By 1934, the police cars were equipped with Thomson .45 caliber submachine guns and riot gas deployment devices. In 1938, the first two-way radios were placed into operation.
Organization.
The APD is divided into 3 districts: Adam (western), Baker (north and east), and Charlie (south and central). The department also has a variety of specialized units such as: K-9, Emergency Response Unit, and Patrol Special Services.

</doc>
<doc id="20368495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368495" title="Brown University Student Television">
Brown University Student Television

Brown University Student Television (also known as Brown Television, BrownTV and BTV) was a Student television station broadcasting on the campus of Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island.
History.
Brown Television was one of the most historically rich organizations at Brown University. It began in 1987 founded by Doug Liman, now Hollywood director of “The Bourne Identity” and “Jumper”, among others. It was a student run television network running student made productions both for news and entertainment back in the old days of analog UHF equipment and tape decks. Over time, technological advancements left BTV in the dust. The old analog equipment started to fail and BTV became nothing more than a channel on Brown’s IPTV network broadcasting movies distributed by Swank. This, however, also ended due to contract disputes between Swank’s clients and the use of IPTV for the distribution of the movies. BTV had become nothing more than an empty room with missing and broken equipment and a channel broadcasting a blackscreen 24 hours a day. A group of determined students decided to re-vamp BTV in the late 2000s. At the same time, another small but passionate group of students was trying to reestablish the Brown Film Society’s old production outfit, Brown Film Production. These two groups eventually realized their common goals and agree upon collaboration and in Spring 2008 the Undergraduate Finance Board allocated the necessary funds to powerfully and tangibly start the reconstruction of Brown TV.
Transition to Brown University Motion Pictures (BMP).
In spring of 2012 the executive board of Brown TV began discussing potentially renaming the organization given its transition from the creation of series for closed circuit television digital broadcast to the semester long production of quality digital short films. By the spring of 2013 the process of re-branding had begun, and Brown Motion Pictures officially launched in Fall of 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="20368496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368496" title="The Gate">
The Gate

The Gate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20368500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368500" title="Dong Jin">
Dong Jin

Dong Jin (董晉) (724 – March 13, 799), courtesy name Huncheng (混成), was an official and general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.
Background.
Dong Jin was born in 724, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His family was from Hezhong Municipality (河中, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi) and claimed ancestry from the Han Dynasty scholar Dong Zhongshu. Dong Jin's great-grandfather Dong Renwan (董仁琬) served as a prefectural education official, and his father Dong Boliang (董伯良) served as a county secretary.
During Emperor Suzong's and Daizong's reigns.
Early in the "Zhide" era (756-758) of Emperor Xuanzong's son Emperor Suzong, when Emperor Suzong was at Pengyuan (彭原, in modern Qingyang, Gansu) during the Anshi Rebellion as the armies of the rebel Yan occupied the capital Chang'an, Dong Jin went to Pengyuan and submitted a petition for an audience with the emperor, Emperor Suzong made him a "Xiaoshulang" (校書郎), an editor at the archival bureau (秘書省, "Mishu Sheng"). Later, he was made the secretary general at the ministry of armory supplies (衛尉丞, "Weiwei Cheng"), and then the military advisor to the prefect of Fen Prefecture (汾州, in modern Linfen, Shanxi). Subsequently, when the prefect, Cui Yuan, was made the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu), he invited Dong to serve as his secretary. Soon, though, he was recalled to Chang'an to serve as an imperial censor, first under the title "Dianzhong Shiyushi" (殿中侍御史) and then "Shiyushi" (侍御史); he later successively served as "Zhuke Yuanwailang" (主客員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of rites (禮部, "Lǐbu"); and then "Cibu Langzhong" (祠部郎中), a supervisorial low-level official at the ministry of rites.
In 769, when Emperor Suzong's son Emperor Daizong created a daughter of the general Pugu Huai'en to be Princess Chonghui, to be married to the khan of Huige, the official Li Han (李涵) served as Princess Chonghui's escort. Li Han invited Dong to serve as his secretary. When they arrived at Huige headquarters, the Huige officials threatened Li Han over Tang's late payment for horses that it had purchased from Huige. Li Han did not dare to respond, but Dong responded, pointing out that Tang had been willing to absorb Huige's excess horses without demanding better quality and that Huige should be appreciative; his responses drew respect from the Huige officials. Upon the completion of the mission, he was made "Sixun Langzhong" (司勳郎中), a supervisorial official at the ministry of civil service affairs (吏部, "Lìbu", note different tone than the ministry of rites), and then the deputy head of the archival bureau (秘書少監, "Mishu Shaojian").
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
After Emperor Daizong died in 779 and succession of his son Emperor Dezong, Dong Jin was made the minister of worship (太常卿, "Taichang Qing"). Because he had a reputation for being hardworking and careful, he was subsequently made "You Sanqi Changshi" (右散騎常侍), a high-level consultant at the legislative bureau (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng") as well as deputy chief imperial censor (御史中丞, "Yushi Zhongcheng"), but acting as the chief imperial censor. Soon, he was made the prefect of Hua Prefecture (華州, in modern Weinan, Shaanxi) as well as defender of Tong Pass.
In 783, soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), then at Chang'an to await deployment to the east to combat warlords, mutinied, forcing Emperor Dezong to flee to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi). The Jingyuan soldiers supported the general Zhu Ci as their leader, and Zhu soon declared himself the emperor of a new state of Qin. Zhu sent his general He Wangzhi (何望之) to attack Hua Prefecture, and Dong abandoned Hua Prefecture and fled to Fengtian, although the Tang general Luo Yuanguang (駱元光) soon recaptured Hua Prefecture. When Dong arrived at Fengtian, Emperor Dezong made him the principal of the imperial university (國子祭酒, "Guozi Jijiu"), and soon made him a special emissary to the region north of the Yellow River. As he was returning from his mission and went through Hezhong, Hezhong had been occupied by Li Huaiguang — a major Tang general who had rebelled recently. Dong tried to persuade Li Huaiguang to rejoin the imperial cause, and it was said that due to Dong's efforts, while Li Huaiguang did not resubmit to Emperor Dezong, he also did not join Zhu in attacking Emperor Dezong. After Chang'an was recaptured from Zhu, Dong accompanied Emperor Dezong back to Chang'an and was made a general of the imperial guards, and then "Shangshu Zuo Cheng" (尚書左丞), one of the secretaries general of the executive bureau (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng"). At that time, his colleague as secretary general, Yuan Xiu (元琇), was in charge of financial affairs, but was demoted due to false accusations by the chancellor Han Huang. Dong met with the other chancellors and tried to speak in Yuan's defense, and while he was unsuccessful in doing so, was praised by other officials for doing so. Soon thereafter, he was again made the minister of worship.
As of 789, Li Mi was in effect the only chancellor, and Li repeatedly recommended both Dong and Dou Can, believing that Dou was capable in financial matters and Dong was morally upright. Emperor Dezong initially did not agree with Li's assessment, but in 789, with Li being seriously ill, he again recommended Dou and Dong, and Emperor Dezong finally agreed. He made Dong "Menxia Shilang" (門下侍郎), the deputy head of the examination bureau (門下省, "Menxia Sheng"). He also gave both Dou and Dong the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making them chancellors "de facto". Li died shortly after, and it was said that while both Dou and Dong were chancellors, Dou had greater grasp of power and put many of his associates in powerful positions. Dong was said to be careful in his behavior, and did not leak contents of his conversations with the emperor. When his sons and brothers asked about the conversations, he would respond:
Later, Dou began to draw Emperor Dezong's displeasure due to his arrogance and partisanship. In 792, Dou asked Dong to recommend his nephew Dou Shen (竇申) to be the deputy minister of civil service affairs. Emperor Dezong, when hearing this recommendation, sternly asked Dong, "Is it not Dou Can who asked you, Lord, to make this recommendation?" Dong did not dare to hide Dou's request from Emperor Dezong, and when Emperor Dezong subsequently asked further about Dou's faults, he reported them to Emperor Dezong. Soon, Dou was exiled, and Dong, in fear, requested to resign. In 793, Dong was removed from his chancellor position and made the minister of rites (禮部尚書, "Lǐbu Shangshu"). He was soon made the official in charge of the eastern capital Luoyang as well as the commander of the militias of the region.
In 796, Li Wanrong (李萬榮) the military governor of Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan) died. His son Li Nai (李迺) started a disturbance and tried to take over the circuit, but the eunuch monitor of the army, Ju Wenzhen (俱文珍) and the officer Deng Weigong (鄧惟恭) joined forces and arrested Li Nai. Emperor Dezong then named Dong the new military governor. Deng, believing that he should be allowed to take over the circuit, refused to send messengers to welcome Dong. As Dong travelled from Luoyang toward Xuanwu's capital Bian Prefecture, he went through Zheng Prefecture (鄭州, in modern Zhengzhou, Henan). The people at Zheng Prefecture feared for Dong's safety and tried to persuade him to slow down and not proceed to Bian Prefecture. Dong refused, and continued to proceed, arriving at Bian Prefecture quickly. Deng, surprised by Dong's arrival and not knowing how to react, was forced to welcome Dong. Dong therefore took his position as military governor and entrusted much of the responsibilities of governing the army to Deng. At that time, the military governors of Xuanwu were accustomed to have a large corps of guards, and Dong dismissed them as he believed them to be unnecessary.
Meanwhile, Emperor Dezong, believing Dong to be too meek in his personality, sent Lu Changyuan (陸長源) to assist him as the commander of the army. It was said that Lu was harsh and wanted to impose rules of stricter discipline. Initially, Dong agreed, but after Lu drafted the rules, he set them aside, and the army was thus comforted. Despite this, though, Deng was fearful, and he gathered a group of some 200 soldiers, planning an uprising. The plot was discovered in winter 796, and Dong arrested Deng and delivered him to Chang'an. Emperor Dezong spared Deng's life but exiled him.
Dong died in spring 799. He was given posthumous honors and given the posthumous name of Gonghui (恭惠, meaning, "respectful and benevolent").

</doc>
<doc id="20368507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368507" title="Joseph Solomon">
Joseph Solomon

Joseph Solomon (died 17 October 1995) was a convicted murderer and was the most recent person to have been executed by Saint Lucia.
Solomon was convicted of murder and rape in 1979 and sentenced to death, which was mandatory for murder under Saint Lucian law. However, his sentence was commuted to life imprisonment by the government. In 1993, after serving fourteen years in prison, Solomon was pardoned and released from prison. The next year, Solomon was arrested for murder again. At his 1994 trial, he was again sentenced to death by hanging.
Solomon was executed on 17 October 1995, with another prisoner acting as the hangman. It was the first execution in Saint Lucia since 1986. Since Solomon's execution, no prisoner has been put to death by Saint Lucia.

</doc>
<doc id="20368522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368522" title="Dovbush rocks">
Dovbush rocks

The Rocks of Dovbush is a group of natural and man-made structures carved out of rock at around 980 m ASL in the Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. The name of the formations comes from a leader of the opryshky movement, Oleksa Dovbush.
The rocks are a part of the Polyanytskiy Regional Landscape Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20368557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368557" title="Come Around (album)">
Come Around (album)

Come Around is the debut studio album from Minneapolis, Minnesota pop rock band Sing it Loud. It was released on Epitaph Records on September 23, 2008.
Track listing.
All tracks by Sing it Loud

</doc>
<doc id="20368561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368561" title="Jack Gwynne">
Jack Gwynne

Jack Gwynne (12 April 1895–7 December 1969) was an American illusionist, actor and creator of magic effects.
Early life.
Born Joseph McCloud Gwynne in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Gwynne was inspired to become a magician after seeing a performance by Harry Kellar and Howard Thurston in 1908. With little money to procure magic props from professional outlets, Gwynne began designing and building his own tricks and illusions.
He married Anne Apel (1896-1979) in 1915 and had two children; Margaret (Peggy) Gwynne (1916-1973) and Virden “Buddy” Gwynne (1917-1978).
During the 1910s and early 1920s, Gwynne was employed by the Edgar Thompson Steel Mill (Carnegie Steel) in Pittsburgh during the day and performed and built magic at night. In 1925, after seeing a performance by Gwynne at Kaufman’s Department Store in Pittsburgh, legendary magician Harry Houdini hired Jack to build several props for the Houdini show. These included an original “Disappearing Chicken” trick that was featured by Houdini until his death in October, 1926. Gwynne also built props for the Howard Thurston show and other contemporary performers. Later creations included the "Flip Over Dove Vanish" box and "Flying Carpet" levitation effect.
Vaudeville.
Following an appearance at the 1927 International Brotherhood of Magicians convention in Kenton, Ohio, Gwynne took his act to New York in attempt to find work in vaudeville. After a show for booking agents at the Franklin Theater, Gwynne was offered a contract with RKO (Radio-Keith-Orpheum), the largest chain of vaudeville theaters in the U.S., for 50 weeks, beginning in September, 1927. From that point, Gwynne’s career took off with performances from coast to coast for the next eight years. In New York he was featured at the Palace Theater (considered the top vaudeville theater in the nation), along with The Roxy, Loew’s State, and Radio City Music Hall. Gwynne’s act was known for its speed, precision timing and baffling, original magic. Trademark routines included the appearance of a tall stack of seven glass goldfish bowls (filled with water and live goldfish), the Disappearing Chicken and his original Temple of Benares (sword box) illusion. Utilizing his wife, son, daughter and nephew, Roger Apel, in the act, the Gwynnes became known as “The Royal Family of Magic.”
Floor Shows.
As American vaudeville declined in the mid-1930s, Gwynne adapted his stage act to perform in the then-new venue of floor shows. Floorshows were small entertainment revues, featuring several live acts, that performed on the dance floors of night clubs and hotels during the flourishing post-Prohibition, big band era. Gwynne was the first illusionist to adapt to this new medium. It was unusual because many thought that magicians needed a stage and curtains to hide the workings of their tricks. Gwynne could perform his act with the audience entirely surrounding him, which heightened the mystery. As he had in vaudeville, Gwynne became one of the most popular performers in nightclubs during their heyday before World War II.
Motion Pictures.
While performing in nightclubs in California in 1940, Gwynne and his family settled in Hollywood. Gwynne was cast in several motion pictures by Universal Studios, including, Dark Streets of Cairo (1940); Bagdad Daddy (Knight In A Harem) (1941); Model Wife (1941); Three Hits and a Miss (1941); and Hello, Sucker (1941). A friend of director and magician, Orson Welles, Gwynne is also credited with a brief appearance (as the “man on the roof”) in Welles’ epic, Citizen Kane (RKO, 1941). In several of his film appearances, Gwynne performed some of his original magic routines.
USO.
With America’s entry into World War II, Gwynne joined the United Service Organization (USO). In 1943, as part of USO unit #289, Gwynne made a tour of stateside army bases and hospitals, entertaining the troops. In 1944, Jack and Anne Gwynne embarked on a year-long tour for the USO, through remote parts of North Africa, Italy, Iran, India, Burma and China, presenting hundreds of shows for soldiers on the front lines of combat. Upon their return to the United States in July 1945, the Gwynnes had logged some 30,000 miles of travel for the USO. Their son, Buddy was a decorated glider pilot during the war in Europe and also performed a private magic show for U.S. Army General, Mark Wayne Clark and his staff.
Postwar Years and Television.
Following the war, the Gwynne family settled in the Chicago suburb of Oak Lawn, Illinois. With the help of his son, Buddy and son-in–law, Frank Cole II (also a magician), Gwynne built a large magic show that toured theaters and civic auditoriums throughout the United States from 1946 to 1960.
As television burst upon the scene, Gwynne was the first illusionist to be featured in a series, with 28 appearances (between 1952-1955) on the ABC network show, Super Circus. Gwynne was also featured in print and broadcast advertising for Zenith television.
Final Years.
Gwynne continued to find work with his magic during an era when many other magicians were struggling to make ends meet. In the early 1960s he was featured in several Shrine Circus productions around the United States. Making his entrance atop an elephant, he performed his magic in the center ring, surrounded by the audience. He appeared in the inspirational film, Parable that was featured at the Protestant Pavilion at the 1964 New York World’s Fair. That same year, Gwynne headlined the annual production of “It’s Magic” at the Wilshire Ebell Theater in Los Angeles.
By the late 1960s, Gwynne had been performing for over 50 years. Realizing there was a new generation who had not been exposed to live entertainment, he developed an educational magic program that was featured in Chicago schools.
Death.
Jack Gwynne died of a heart attack at age 74 on Sunday, December 7, 1969 at his home in Oak Lawn, Illinois. The previous Friday he had performed four magic shows at Chicago area schools. His wife, Anne, survived him by 10 years, making annual appearances at the Abbott’s Magic Get-Together in Colon, Michigan, where she presented the “Jack Gwynne Excellence In Magic Award” each year to the outstanding magician at the gathering. The award is still presented by surviving members of the Gwynne family.

</doc>
<doc id="20368566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368566" title="List of Metallica concert tours">
List of Metallica concert tours

Metallica is an American heavy metal band, founded in 1981 by drummer Lars Ulrich and rhythm guitarist James Hetfield. Aside from Ulrich, the original lineup for some of the 1982 concerts included James Hetfield (rhythm guitar and lead vocals), Dave Mustaine (lead guitar and backing vocals) and Ron McGovney (bass guitar). Cliff Burton replaced McGovney in 1982 and played with the band till his death in 1986, after his death till today new bassist were recruited in the band Jason Newsted (1986–2001), and Robert Trujillo (since 2003). While the lead guitarist role was taken by Kirk Hammett (since 1983) after Dave Mustaine got fired from the band. 
During the first years Metallica played in small festivals and as supporting acts on tours for bands such as Venom. Since 1982, Metallica has performed on all populated continents numbering live events every year (with the exception of 2001) in a total of over 1,600 shows. The majority of these were played in the United States, but numerous concerts were also played in Canada, the United Kingdom, and Germany, among other countries. The band also went on seven worldwide tours: Damage, Inc. Tour (1986–1987), Damaged Justice (1988–1989), Wherever We May Roam Tour (1991–1992), Nowhere Else to Roam (1993), Madly in Anger with the World Tour (2003–2004), Escape from the Studio '06, and World Magnetic Tour (2008–2010). During these tours, South Africa as well as several countries in Central and South America, Asia, and Oceania were visited.
Metallica has played many shows at major rock festivals such as Woodstock '94, Ozzfest, Monsters of Rock, Lollapalooza, Download Festival, Reading Festival, and Days on the Green. They also held numerous concerts in stadiums, some of which featured crowds of over 100,000 people. One of the highest-attendance music concerts in history was held by Metallica on September 28, 1991 at Tushino Airfield in Moscow, where unofficially 1.6 million people attended, while it is actually estimated to be closer to 150,000 through 500,000. Some of these performances were later released as videos for special box set or DVD releases. Some performances have been held in theaters, including two April 1999 shows alongside the San Francisco Symphony that were released as the album "S&M".
Metallica's first official tour was Kill 'Em All for One, which started in 1983 to promote their debut album. Their longest so far have been the Wherever We May Roam and World Magnetic Tours, which lasted 14 months and 20 months, respectively, with each having over 170 concerts. The band is among the most lucrative live bands, selling out half of their first 187 concerts held during the 2000s, and gaining an attendance of over 3.5 million people and a gross of over US$227 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20368572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368572" title="My President">
My President

"My President" is the fourth official single from rapper Young Jeezy's third studio album, "The Recession". The song also features rapper Nas and is produced by Tha Bizness. This song was number 16 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008. Jeezy and Nas recorded the song on the day Barack Obama clinched the Democratic nomination for the Presidency. "My President" also is notable for the unified collaboration between the two artists, who had been having a feud since the 2006 release of Nas' album ""Hip Hop Is Dead"", which contained statements to which Young Jeezy took offense.
Music video.
The music video was shot on Sunday, November 23, 2008 in Atlanta, Georgia and features many supporters of Barack Obama holding placards with various names written on them including Mother Teresa, Sojourner Truth, Bamir Topi, Sali Berisha, Bernie Mac, Sebastian Edwards, Tupac Shakur, The Notorious B.I.G., Nas, Bun B, Juelz Santana, William Shakespeare, The Game, Lil Boosie, Jam Master Jay, Trick Daddy, David Banner, Akon, Jermaine Dupri, Pimp C and Soulja Slim. Other placards name famous world figures like Mahatma Gandhi and Che Guevara. The placards are meant to evoke those held by delegations at national political conventions; however, Hart elected to also include neighborhoods like Queensbridge and countries like Haiti, Israel and Iraq. The Israel placards caused offense to many Palestinians, including DJ Khaled and Muslims because of the 2008-2009 Gaza War. Young Jeezy bought his Lamborghini Murcielago for the music video in which he raps, "My president is black, my Lambo is blue".
The video was directed by Gabriel Hart. The music video was released on January 16, 2009 in preparation for Obama's inauguration. It ranked at #44 on BET's "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009" countdown.
Remixes.
The official remix features former Def Jam labelmate Jay-Z, it was leaked on the internet on January 29, 2009. It was mentioned by Jay-Z, who performed his verse live with Jeezy on January 18, 2009 at Love Nightclub in Washington, D.C. Jay-Z's verse of the remix was released on January 20, 2009, President Obama's inauguration, it was called the "DC Mix". The remix was also produced by Tha Bizness. Jeezy's new verse of the remix is a diss to Bill O'Reilly. This is the second song off the album that has a remix with Jay-Z, the first song was "Put On", the 1st single. The remix is included in the deluxe edition of Jay-Z's compilation album "".

</doc>
<doc id="20368605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368605" title="Zulu Nation">
Zulu Nation

Zulu Nation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20368620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368620" title="December Bride (disambiguation)">
December Bride (disambiguation)

December Bride may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20368635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368635" title="Baeocrara">
Baeocrara

Baeocrara is a genus of featherwing beetles named because of the intricate structure of their flight wings, which have a long fringe of hairs on their borders. They belong to the Ptiliidae family, and are minute: between 1 and 0.5 mm. They are mostly found in hollow fir stumps and other types of rotten wood, dung and plant detritus. They feed on fungal spores. They seem to be recent immigrants to Northern Europe possibly introduced by the import of sawmill products. They have been reported in the Czech Republic. They are one of the least known groups in the Coleoptera.

</doc>
<doc id="20368664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368664" title="Minuscule 2816">
Minuscule 2816

Minuscule 2816 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α597 (von Soden). Formerly was labelled as 4ap in all catalogs, but it was renumbered by Aland. It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, paleographically had been assigned to the 15th century.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the Acts of the Apostles, Pauline epistles, and General epistles (the Pauline epistles preceding the General), on 287 parchment leaves (15.4 by 11 cm) in elegant minuscule. The text is written in one column per page, 17-19 lines per page. It contains 
Hardly written by several hands, and full of contractions. 
The order of books; Acts of the Apostles, Pauline epistles, and Catholic epistles.
Text.
The Greek text of the Gospels is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
In James 1:12 it has textual variant ο θεος ("God") along with the manuscripts 33vid, 323, 945, 1739, vf, syrp, against the Byzantine ο κυριος ("the Lord").
In Hebrews 3:3 it reads μεχρι τελους κατασχωμεν βεβαιαν for κατασχωμεν. The reading is supported only by itc.
History of the codex.
The manuscript belonged to the monastery of the Preaching Friars. It was borrowed by Desiderius Erasmus and used by him in his edition of the "Novum Testamentum" (1516). Sometimes he used some of its marginal readings instead of main text readings (e.g. Acts 8:37; 15:34; 24:6-8). In result some of its readings became a part of the Textus Receptus. 
It was examined by Battier (for John Mill), Wettstein.
Currently the codex is located at the Basel University Library (Cod. A.N.IV.5), at Basel.

</doc>
<doc id="20368666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368666" title="House of Abhaiwongse">
House of Abhaiwongse

Abhaiwongse (, also Aphaiwong) is a Thai noble surname used by a Khmer family that was prominent in parts of Cambodia formerly ruled by Siam.
The Abhaiwongse family, a branch of the Cambodian royal family, governed Phra Tabong Province, Thailand (modern Battambang Province, Cambodia) for six generations from the late 18th century, when Siam annexed the Khmer territories, until 1907, when the area was ceded to French Indochina effectively reuniting it with Cambodia. The title bestowed to the governor of Phra Tabong and used by each successive governor was Chao Phraya Abhaibhubejr ().
In later years, the Abhaiwongse family played important roles in the anti-French struggle for Cambodian independence and one descendant became Prime Minister of Thailand. During World War II, Thailand regained control of the western Khmer provinces through Japanese mediation. Khuang Abhaiwongse was elected Prime Minister of Thailand, an office which he held three separate times between August 1944 and April 1948. Through family business ties, Khuang maintained close ties with the western Cambodian provinces during his time in office and fought, to no avail, to keep them under Thai rule in the wake of the Japanese loss and resurgence of the French in Indochina. His brother Chaowalit Aphaiwong worked until 1946 in a "Special Commission" in Battambang and was considered the "Nominal Head of the Khmer Issarak movement" fighting French rule of Cambodia. The official head of the Khmer Issarak movement was Phiset Phanit (Pokhun), Khuang's brother-in-law. A French report of the era went so far as to claim "Khmer Issarak movement is both a political and commercial affair of the Aphaiwong family".
Members of the Abhaiwongse family include:

</doc>
<doc id="20368669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368669" title="The Blue Card">
The Blue Card

The Blue Card is a charity solely dedicated to providing financial assistance to destitute Holocaust survivors residing in the United States. 
History.
The Blue Card was originally founded in Germany in 1934 to assist Jews fleeing mounting Nazi oppression. In 1939, The Blue Card was reestablished in the United States to continue aiding refugees of Nazi persecution now resettling in America. Following the Holocaust, the organization's mission was expanded to support survivors throughout Europe. 
Charitable work.
To date, The Blue Card has provided over $18 million to thousands of Holocaust survivors and their families. In 2009, The Blue Card distributed more than $1.2 million in financial grants to all of its dependents.

</doc>
<doc id="20368670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368670" title="Four big families of Hong Kong">
Four big families of Hong Kong

The Four big families of Hong Kong () are an initial group of Chinese families. Today, the Big Four families and their descendents are Fortune Global 500 companies with multinational corporations and listings from the London Stock Exchange to the New York Stock Exchange. Along with their European mostly British rivals in colonial Hong Kong, they were responsible for much of the foundations of the territory including its economy, finance, and trade, whilst the British government provided the first codified legal system which until then and in most of China today, was lacking. The four big families begin with the Chinese surname Li, Ho, Hui and Lo. Respectively the head of four families are Li Sek-peng (李石朋), Robert Ho (何東), Hui Oi-chow (許愛周) and Lo Man Kam (羅文錦). Today the two families most recognizable by regular HK citizens are the Li and Ho group descendents.
Families.
The following families and their descendents are listed below. Each indentation is at least one generation down, but not necessarily the next generation. Not all the descendents are shown. Most members of these families have reached tycoon status.
See also.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20368677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368677" title="John E. Barley">
John E. Barley

John E. Barley was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 100th District.
He graduated from Penn Manor High School in 1963. He took Dale Carnegie Courses in 1977 and took an introductory law class at Penn University in 1990.
He was first elected to represent the 100th legislative district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1985. He served as Republican Caucus Secretary from 1991–92, as Republican Policy Committee Chairman from 1993–94, and as Majority Whip from 1995-96. He was elected Majority Appropriations Chairman in 1997, a position he held until his retirement in 2002.
In 2002, he was named to the PoliticsPA list of Best Dressed Legislators, noting his fondness for Brooks Brothers suits. He is said to single-handedly keep his local Brooks Brothers store in business.
He resigned his House seat in late April 2002. He had first announced his intention to retire in early 2002, only to change his mind in March, when he unexpectedly showed up at a local party committee meeting, where he received the Republican Party endorsement, shocking all that were in attendance. He changed course again in March and announced his retirement, citing a growing controversy in his native Lancaster County over a portion of the Barley family farm to be sold to a landfill operated by Lancaster County for $24.7 million. Barley predicted that had he continued with his re-election plans, his opponents would have tried to "destroy" him and his family. Republican Gibson C. Armstrong, the son of Barley's predecessor Senator Gibson E. Armstrong, received the Republican endorsement and easily defeated Democrat Bruce Beardsley.
The former Representative Barley is married to 'Wendy L. Barley', as of December 2009, he has been living in Lancaster City, PA with his wife, Wendy Barley, where they are franchisees of the meterosexual-themed salon American Male. Barley also serves as the CEO of Versant Strategies.
He can currently be seen on the Pennsylvania Cable Network offering political analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="20368715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368715" title="Gus C. Henderson">
Gus C. Henderson

Gus C. Henderson (November 16, 1862–1915) was an influential African American in the heart of Central Florida. He spread his intellect and fervor for many to see and learn from throughout his life.
Born near Lake City in Columbia County, Florida, Gus C. Henderson would remain in his home town for twenty years. Struggling from age ten after losing his mother, Henderson would have to fend for himself to survive. Making small wages to support his lifestyle, Henderson was not a privileged youth but he never lost sight of his desire to learn, a book always in hand. With a thirst and passion for knowledge, Henderson would trade in his farming tools in search of something better. Henderson accepted a job working as a salesman for a New York Firm. Despite great success on the job, he was asked to resign after word spread that he was a colored man. Designated the first "commercial tourist" of the State and among the best of the salesmen on the road, he was disheartened to learn of their request and after just five months sent in his notice of leave. With fervor still in his heart, the 24-year-old Henderson made his way to Winter Park, Florida. After three years and an untold number of friends and acquaintances, Henderson found a stable community to make his mark. He would go on to make monumental contributions to early Winter Park.
Henderson can be cited for playing an influential role in the incorporation of Winter Park as a city: "…if it were not for Henderson’s efforts, the incorporation of Winter Park would not have taken place on October 12, 1887, and Hannibal Square may not have originally been included within the city limits of Winter Park" (Livingston). Henderson was known for his political views. A staunch Republican, one of Henderson’s most famous speeches displays this passion, "…all we ever received came from Republicans. Our citizenship, our Freedom, our free schools, and numerous good laws that have done great good for the Negro came from the Republican party, and, gentleman, if that party never does any more special good for me, I shall die a Republican." As such when it came time to support the efforts of Chicago banker Loring Chase and his partner, Oliver Chapman, to start a city, Henderson supported their efforts to the max. Henderson rallied the townspeople, asking for the votes of the 64 black residents registered to vote who outnumbered the 47 registered white voters. Due to Henderson’s encouragement, Henderson even leading voters to the meeting from Hannibal Square, there were enough voters to pass the legislation, making Winter Park a city and Hannibal Square part of the district.
Henderson’s second major accomplishment to benefit Winter Park was his founding of the "Winter Park Advocate". The newspaper was one of two black newspapers published in Florida at the time. He began as manager but went on to assume the position of collector, reporter and editor. His paper became sought after for its relativity to white and black culture.
May 31, 1889 the first issue of the Winter Park Advocate made its premier. Henderson focused on the interests of the local people, social gatherings, community politics etc. Articles written by Henderson were included "Christmas in Hannibal Square," "A Gala in Hannibal Square," "Colored Free Masons," and "Highschool for Colored Youth."
After two years, Henderson moved away from Winter Park leaving behind The Winter Park Advocate but once in Orlando in 1906 opened another newspaper, The Florida Recorder (Colored) Republican. Henderson would pass away in 1915 leaving behind a wealth of influence and strong sense of community wherever he settled.

</doc>
<doc id="20368719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368719" title="San Elijo Hills, California">
San Elijo Hills, California

San Elijo Hills is a master-planned community in San Marcos, California, built by San Elijo Hills Development Company, and managed by HomeFed Corporation.
Geography.
San Elijo Hills is located in the southwest quadrant of the city of San Marcos, near Elfin Forest and Carlsbad. The elevation of the community reaches .
Education.
California State University, San Marcos.
San Elijo Hills is served by California State University, San Marcos, located in San Marcos.
Culture.
Events.
The San Elijo Hills Homeowners Association organizes a number of community events, including a golf outing, Concert in the Square, Oktoberfest, Tree Lighting Ceremony, Independence Day Celebration, and Easter Egg Hunt.
Recreation.
Parks.
Double Peak Park.
Double Peak Park features a 150-seat concrete, terraced amphitheatre for interpretive ranger talks, a group picnic shelter, individual picnic tables, an adventure play area, restrooms, a resident park ranger, and a parking lot.
San Elijo Hills Park.
San Elijo Hills Park includes a soccer field, two baseball diamonds, picnic/barbecue areas, a children’s water "sprayground", an enclosed dog park, jogging paths, and a plaza for large events. The park is also the main trailhead for a network of of trails.
The park's Community Center, operated by the city of San Marcos, has facilities for classes, parties and special events.
Trails.
San Elijo Hills has of trails that are popular for hiking, biking and horseback riding.
AYSO Region 1505.
AYSO Region 1505 provides a youth Soccer program in San Elijo Hills and the surrounding communities. Established in 2005 as the first youth sports program in San Elijo Hills, the organization fielded 75 teams with more than 600 players in 2010. AYSO Region 1505 is an all-volunteer organization. AYSO has been a tradition in the city of San Marcos for more than 30 years with more than 2,800 AYSO soccer players in the city.
San Elijo Flyers.
The San Elijo Flyers is a powered radio-controlled flying group for RC Plane and Helicopter enthusiasts.

</doc>
<doc id="20368730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368730" title="Herborn-Seelbach">
Herborn-Seelbach

Herborn-Seelbach was the headquarters for the 557th U.S. Army Artillery Group, situated at Aartal Kaserne. The 96th Ordnance Company and HHD 557 were stationed there from 1965-1992. The storage site was situated at Bellersdorf. The storage site was surrounded by a pine forest and isolated.

</doc>
<doc id="20368737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368737" title="Marc Dillon Riddell">
Marc Dillon Riddell

Marc Dillon Riddell (born 1974 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian broadcast journalist who is the former supervising senior producer for "Global National with Kevin Newman". In 2007, he won the Gemini Award for Best Newscast as a producer. In 2008, Riddell produced the Canadian Federal Election for Global Television.
Riddell was promoted to run "Global National"'s day-to-day operations in November 2006, after serving as senior producer for the network's Ottawa bureau.
Prior to joining "Global National", Riddell was the supervising producer for CTV's "Question Period". In 2004, he served as CTV's supervising producer for the leaders' debates in the 2004 federal election. Previous to that, he worked as a field producer for both CTV and CBC. For his work, Riddell was awarded the Edward R. Murrow for best spot news by the American Radio-Television News Directors Association. He has covered a broad range of stories from the 2004 tsunami to the war in Afghanistan to the death of Pope John Paul II.
Riddell started his broadcast career as an intern for CBC's "Foreign Assignment" in his hometown of Toronto. He graduated from the University of St. Michael's College at the University of Toronto in 1997. Riddell also attended Lakefield College School in Lakefield, Ontario, law school at the University of Aberdeen in Scotland and received a graduate diploma in broadcast journalism from Concordia University in Montreal. He is the youngest supervising producer of a national newscast in Canadian history.

</doc>
<doc id="20368753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368753" title="Four big families">
Four big families

Four big families may mean or refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20368779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368779" title="Tingible body macrophage">
Tingible body macrophage

A Tingible body macrophage is a type of macrophage predominantly found in germinal centers, containing many phagocytized, apoptotic cells in various states of degradation, referred to as tingible bodies (tingible meaning stainable). Tingible body macrophages contain condensed chromatin fragments.
It is thought that they may play a role in regulating the germinal center reaction by presenting antigen from the iccosomes of engulfed follicular dendritic cells.
Macrophages that contain debris from ingested lymphocytes are characteristic of a reactive follicular center in benign reactive lymphadenitis. Other accompanying signs of a benign follicular hyperplasia are well developed germinal centers with dark and light zones, in addition to numerous mitotic figures.

</doc>
<doc id="20368796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368796" title="Capillary (disambiguation)">
Capillary (disambiguation)

A capillary is a small blood vessel or any small diameter tube.
Capillary may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20368810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368810" title="Stokoe">
Stokoe

Stokoe is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20368821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368821" title="Ryan Companies US, Inc.">
Ryan Companies US, Inc.

Ryan Companies US, Inc. (or Ryan or Ryan Companies) is a national builder, developer, designer and real estate manager based in Minneapolis.
Employing nearly 600 workers, Ryan is a construction company that specializes in integrated project delivery, building information modeling (BIM), Lean construction practices and sustainable design for office, retail, industrial, public sector, alternative energy (biomass & gasification, wind, solar), health care, higher education, hospitality, mission critical, multi-family and senior housing and mixed-use projects. With in-house construction, design, development, capital markets and real estate management, Ryan uses integrated project delivery (IPD) as a preferred method for and delivering design and construction projects and organizing project teams. 
Today, Ryan Companies US, Inc. is led by Patrick G. Ryan (Pat), President/CEO and Timothy Gray (Tim), Vice Chairman. Ryan has offices in Cedar Rapids, Chicago, Des Moines, Minneapolis, Phoenix, the Quad Cities, San Diego, Tampa, Austin (Texas), and Milwaukee.
History.
Ryan Companies US, Inc. was founded in Hibbing, Minnesota, by James Henry Ryan. Forming a partnership with his sons Francis and Russell, James bought the Frederick Lumber Company and renamed it Ryan Lumber and Coal in 1938. In 1949, Russell and Francis formed Ryan Realty Company to own, finance and manage the real estate Ryan Lumber and Coal built. In 1989, construction, development, capital markets and real estate management were joined under Ryan Companies US, Inc.
In 1946 Ryan built their first National Tea Company store, the company’s first design-build/development project. Ryan built 60 National stores over its 30-year relationship with the company. The company built its first Target store in Bloomington, Minnesota in 1965 and today builds stores, distribution centers, data centers and office buildings for the retailer.
Leadership: James Henry Ryan died in 1949. Francis and Russell continued leading the company until 1989 when Russell’s son, Jim, became CEO, Pat Ryan became president and Tim Gray, long-time family friend and company controller, became CFO. Before his death in 2009, Jim Ryan was awarded the Best in Real Estate Lifetime Achievement Award for his contribution to the community, the real estate industry and his company.
Today.
Ryan is managing construction for public sector projects including the renovation of the Warren E. Burger Federal Building and US Courthouse in St. Paul, Minnesota, and the construction of the new US Courthouse in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Ryan will provide preconstruction services for the renovation of the Bishop Henry Whipple Federal Building in Fort Snelling, Minnesota, and will manage a 20-year build-to-suit lease for a GSA Professional Office Building in Phoenix, Arizona. Ryan is also constructing, in association with Gilbane, Inc., the Maricopa County Courthouse Tower in downtown Phoenix, Arizona.
Following the Iowa flood of 2008 Ryan's Cedar Rapids office partnered with Mercy Medical Center, one of two Cedar Rapids hospitals, to recover and restore services within a month. Revitalization of the flooded downtown continues as Ryan manages several FEMA-funded construction and repair projects for the City of Cedar Rapids including the restoration of the Iowa Theater building and the Paramount Theatre as well as the construction of a new public library, fire station and animal-control facility.
Ryan will provide real estate management assignment for Capella Tower, also known as 225 South Sixth Street, located in downtown Minneapolis. This assignment broadens the existing local relationship that ASB Capital Management has with the team of Ryan and CB Richard Ellis (leasing agent) at the AT&T Tower in Minneapolis.
In 2007, Ryan was named the National Association of Industrial and Office Properties’ (NAIOP) Developer of the Year.
Other Major Projects and Properties 2005-2010.
Major projects:
Projects currently in construction:
Real estate management:
Community Support.
In addition to working with communities on construction and development projects, the company contributes to communities through the Ryan Foundation. In addition to funding projects Ryan owners want to support, such as the Cristo Rey Jesuit High School Twin Cities/Colin Powell Youth Leadership Center and the YMCA at Kelly Hall, the Foundation provides support dollar-for-dollar for employees’ community support activities. Overall, the Ryan Foundation contributes 10% of Ryan’s profits to community projects nationwide. Employees are also encouraged to donate 5% of their work-time to volunteer efforts.
Safety.
More than 5,100,000 labor-hours were worked on Ryan jobsites in 2009. According to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics, Ryan’s lost-time injury rate is 1/10 of the industry average. Ryan works with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and recently entered into a safety partnership with OSHA, Wisconsin. Ryan’s current workers’ compensation moderation rate is .75.

</doc>
<doc id="20368828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368828" title="William Hodges Fellowship">
William Hodges Fellowship

The William Hodges Fellowship residency programme is the successor to the Southland Art Foundation Artist in Residence.
The origins of the William Hodges Fellowship date back to 1981. The Southland Art Foundation Artist In Residence was established in 1996 by a joint partnership between Southland Art Foundation, Creative New Zealand, Southland Museum & Art Gallery and the Southern Institute of Technology.
In 1999 the Southland Art Foundation Trustees–Shirley Palmer, Gwen Neave, Russell Beck and Wayne P Marriott resolved to rename the Artist in Residence programme the William Hodges Fellowship. This was in recognition of the acquisition of William Hodges “Maori before a Waterfall”, 1773 by the Southland Museum & Art Gallery in 1998. Hodges was regarded as the first artist in residence in Southland, having depicted the flora, fauna and people of the region during Cook’s second voyage to New Zealand.
The inaugural William Hodges Fellowship was awarded to Jo Ogier, printmaker, from Dunedin in 2000.
On Friday 3rd November 2000 Burwell House was opened as the residence for the William Hodges Fellow.
The partnership of Southland Museum and Art Gallery, Southland Art Foundation, Southern Institute of Technology, and Creative New Zealand has continued to develop the fellowship, providing the opportunity for artists to work financially unencumbered for a period of time, as well as working closely with the local community.

</doc>
<doc id="20368836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368836" title="Rahul Raj">
Rahul Raj

Rahul Raj is an Indian composer of original scores and soundtracks mainly for Malayalam movies.
Early life.
Rahul Raj was born on March 17 in Cochin to Advocate E. Thankappan and N. S. Kunjoonjamma. His schooling was in Bhavans Vidya Mandir, Elamakkara, Cochin. He has one sister, Rehna Raj. From the age of 6, he was trained in Mridangam (South Indian Percussion instrument) and Karnatic Music. He graduated as an IT Engineer from CUSAT, Cochin and later on pursued courses such as CCNP and CCIE in Bangalore ILloka networks.
During this period, he had undergone training in Electronic Sound Production. He helped Pradeep Menon, a UK-based Indian businessman, remix a Tamil Ayappa record that was originally produced, composed and sung by Pradeep Menon and Shashi Kumar in 1985. The devotional album produced in the UK, Canada and India is titled Sabari Beats. It was released in November 2002 by Super recording in Tamil Nadu. Noted musicians like Pravin Mani, Saroja, and Kamalakar were featured. This launched Rahul Raj's career. He also arranged another song for Pradeep Menon called "Krishna Krishna" with percussionist Sivamani and James Asher from UK. He is married to Miriam, a German national.
Career.
On returning to India, he composed more than 100 jingles for commercials in Malayalam, Tamil, Hindi and Telugu. Apart from that, he composed original themes for many TV productions, including shows for Asianet and Amrita TV.
In 2003, he composed the Lokaha song for Amrithavarsam 50, which was later used as the theme song for Amrita TV. He also composed Malayalam albums during the period, which include "En Jeevene", which was shot completely in the United States by producer–director Tom George. The song "Pularmanjupol Nee" from the album, rendered by Karthik and Sujatha, become an evergreen hit.
He was given the opportunity to compose the logo theme music for the show "50 Years of Malayam Film Music" with Padma Bhusan Dr. K. J. Yesudas.
His first feature film score and soundtrack was for "Chotta Mumbai", directed by Anwar Rasheed and starring Mohanlal in the lead. His second release was Suresh Gopi's "Time" directed by Shaji Kailas.
Shankar Mahadevan, an Indian playback singer, sang for him in his debut work, "Chotta Mumbai".
In 2008, he replaced the trio Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy as the composer of the Malayalam feature film "Maya Bazar", in which he worked with the Tamil film production company Ayngaran International. In the same year, he became the first music composer in Malayalam filmdom to have a registered fans' association, called RRFA (Rahul Raj Fans Association), based in Thiruvananthapuram.
In 2009, he composed for filmmaker Shyamaprasad's "Ritu", for which he subsequently won the Vayalar Award. The award was given by a jury of old school musicians including K.P. Udayabhanu. He introduced techniques like the counterpoint to Malayalam film music, through his soundtrack for the motion picture "Ritu".
In 2010, he won the Kerala State Award for Best Background Score for "Ritu". He made his debut in Telugu film by scoring music for the Siddharth – Shruti Haasan starrer "Oh My Friend". The audio of the film opened to overwhelming responses and rave reviews, climbing to the No. 1 position in Telugu music charts, with the song "Maa Daddy Pockets" in particular becoming a rage among the youth. The audio went on to mark record sales of 3 lakh CDs within nine days of release.
After almost a two-year hiatus, in 2012 he returned to the Malayalam industry by scoring for Amal Neerad's "Bachelor Party". The songs became hits and the background score received critical acclaim.
In 2013, he composed for "Kili Poyi" , which was supposedly the first stoner film in Malayalam Cinema. Though the film opened to mixed responses, the title song became a huge hit. Several critics hailed the background score as the most interesting technical aspect of the movie.
Orchestration.
Rahul Raj is known for giving ultra-modern orchestration in his songs. He uses international elements for the instrumentation in his songs. His background scores in particular are rich with elements of symphony and Western Classical music.
Film discography.
Note: '•' Indicates Language of original production; others being dubbed releases.
As President of FEFKA Music Directors' Union.
In 2013, Rahul Raj was designated as the President of the FEFKA Music Directors' Union, the official association of film composers in the Malayalam film industry.
References.
http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-features/tp-metroplus/the-right-scores/article473086.ece

</doc>
<doc id="20368862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368862" title="Sal Cannella">
Sal Cannella

Sal Cannella (b. 1943 in Newark, New Jersey) is an American politician from California and a member of the Democratic party.
Early career.
Cannella served on the Ceres City Council from 1976 until 1980 and as Cayor of Ceres from 1980 until 1982, when he was elected to the Stanislaus County Board of Supervisors. He was reelected to the board in 1986.
State Assembly.
Canella was on track to win reelection again in 1990 when he decided to run for a special election for the California State Assembly that January. He won the race for the 27th district vacated by Democrat Gary Condit (who had been elected to Congress) and was reelected that November and again in 1992 and 1994 (in the renumbered 26th district).
State Senate Race.
Although California state term limits prevented Cannella from seeking reelection in 1996, he did run for the California State Senate seat held by Republican Dick Monteith in 1998. Monteith had won the Modesto based 12th district in 1994 by beating a Democratic incumbent. Democrats (led by then President Pro Tem John Burton) went all out for Cannella, who lost by 53% to 44% after an expensive and nasty campaign.
In 2010, Cannella's son, Anthony Cannella, was elected state Senator for the 12th. District as a Republican.

</doc>
<doc id="20368888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368888" title="Darío Ocampo">
Darío Ocampo

Ramón Darío Ocampo (born 21 June 1986) is an Argentine football midfielder currently playing for Argentinos Juniors in the Argentine Primera División.
Career.
Ocampo made his debut for Vélez Sársfield on November 19, 2004. In 2009 he was part of the squad that won the Clausura championship, his second championship with the club.
In 2010, Ocampo joined defending Argentine Primera División champion Argentinos Juniors, on a free loan with option to buy from Vélez Sársfield.
Honours.
Vélez Sársfield

</doc>
<doc id="20368902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368902" title="Daphoeninae">
Daphoeninae

Daphoeninae is an extinct subfamily of dog-like, terrestrial carnivore, which belonged to the family Amphicyonidae of the suborder Caniformia. The group inhabited North America from the Early Eocene subepoch to the Early Miocene subepoch 42—16.3 Mya, existing for approximately .
Fossil distribution.
"Daphoenus" fossils found in late Oligocene rocks in the Great Plains are dated at ~28 Ma. "Daphoenus" survived to 27 Ma in the Pacific Northwest in the John Day beds of Oregon. Other sites include: Alachua County, Florida (Whitneyan) estimated at 31.1—24.3 Ma., Tecuya Canyon, California (Arikareean age) 30.8—20.6 Ma., Haystack Member Formation, Wheeler County, Oregon (Hemingfordian) 20.6—16.3 Ma., Lac Pelletier, Alberta, Canada (Duchesnean) ~42 Ma.

</doc>
<doc id="20368913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368913" title="Daphoenodon">
Daphoenodon

Daphoenodon is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore, which belonged to the family Amphicyonidae ("bear dogs") of the suborder Caniformia.

</doc>
<doc id="20368922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368922" title="Vivek Kundra">
Vivek Kundra

Vivek Kundra (; born October 9, 1974) is an Indian American administrator who served as the first chief information officer of the United States from March, 2009 to August, 2011 under President Barack Obama. He is currently the Executive Vice President of Emerging Markets for Salesforce and a visiting Fellow at Harvard University. 
He previously served in D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty's cabinet as the District's Chief Technology Officer and in Virginia Governor Tim Kaine's cabinet as Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Technology.
Early life and education.
Kundra was born in New Delhi, India, on October 9, 1974. He moved to Tanzania with his family at the age of one, when his father joined a group of professors and teachers to provide education to local residents. Kundra learned Swahili as his first language, in addition to Hindi and English. His family moved to the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area when he was eleven.
Kundra attended college at the University of Maryland, College Park where he received a degree in Psychology. He earned a masters degree in Information Technology, from University of Maryland University College. Additionally, he is a graduate of the University of Virginia's Sorensen Institute for Political Leadership.
At age 21, Kundra was convicted of misdemeanor theft, having stolen a number shirts from a J. C. Penney store before fleeing from police in an unsuccessful attempt to evade arrest.
Career.
Kundra served as director of Infrastructure Technology for Arlington County, Virginia, starting September 11, 2001.
Governor Tim Kaine appointed Kundra in January 2006 to the post of Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Technology for Virginia, the first dual cabinet role in the state's history.
Mayor Adrian Fenty appointed him on March 27, 2007 to the cabinet post of Chief Technology Officer (CTO) for the District of Columbia. Kundra worked on developing programs to spur open source and crowdsourced applications using publicly accessible Web services from the District of Columbia. Building on the work of Suzanne Peck, who preceded him as DC's CTO and created the D.C. Data Catalog, he used that data as the source material for an initiative called Apps for Democracy. The contest yielded 47 web, iPhone and Facebook applications from residents in 30 days. Mayor Fenty stated that the program cost the District "50 thousand dollars total and we estimate that we will save the district millions of dollars in program development costs". This cost-benefit was claimed by the D.C. government as savings in internal operational and contractual costs. Taking a page from Kundra this initiative is was mirrored by New York City's mayor Michael Bloomberg in launching a "BigApps" contest housed at NYC BigApps as well as New York City's DataMine. The city of San Francisco launched a data portal similar DC's in 2009.
Kundra won recognition for the project management system he implemented for the District government. The system imagined projects as publicly traded companies, project schedules as quarterly reports, and user satisfaction as stock prices. Buying or selling a stock corresponded to adding resources to a project or taking them away. The goal of management was to optimize the project portfolio for return on investment. The system effectively replaced subjective judgments about projects with objective, data driven analytics.
Kundra's efforts to use cloud-based web applications in the D.C. government have also been considered innovative. Following the D.C. example driven by Kundra, the city of Los Angeles is now taking steps to adopt the cloud computing model for its IT needs. A D.C. spokeswoman said that the District of Columbia paid $479,560 for the Enterprise Google Apps license, which is $3.5 million less than what it had planned to spend on an alternative plan. Since its deployment in July 2008 Google Apps is available to 38,000 D.C. city employees, but only 1,000–2,000 are actively using Google Docs. Only 200 employees are actively using Gmail. In late 2010, hoping to spur use of Gmail, the city ran a pilot program, selecting about 300 users and having them use the Google product for three months. Google participated closely in the project, but Gmail ultimately didn't pass the "as good or better" test with the users, who preferred Exchange/Outlook. In July 2011, the General Services Administration (GSA) became the first federal agency to migrate its email services for 17,000 employees and contractors to the cloud-based Google Apps for Government, saving $15.2 million over 5 years. In January 2012, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) became the largest federal agency to migrate email and collaboration applications to the cloud, moving 25,000 employees to Google Apps for Government and saving 50% over the legacy Microsoft Exchange solution. As of July 2011, government agencies in 42 states are leveraging cloud-based messaging and collaboration services.
Kundra also moved the city's geographic information systems department to a middle school.
Federal Chief Information Officer (CIO).
Before his appointment as CIO, Mr. Kundra served as technology adviser on President Barack Obama's transition team. Kundra was officially named by President Obama on March 5, 2009, to the post of Federal CIO, a position that was previously filled by Karen S. Evans.
The Federal Chief Information Officer is responsible for directing the policy and strategic planning of federal information technology investments as well as for oversight of federal technology spending. The E-Government Act of 2002 established the role of a federal chief information officer in the Office of Management and Budget. The Federal CIO establishes and oversees enterprise architecture to ensure system interoperability and information sharing and maintains information security and privacy across the federal government. According to President Obama, as Chief Information Officer, Kundra "will play a key role in making sure our government is running in the most secure, open, and efficient way possible". To further President Obama's overall technology agenda, Vivek Kundra, Jeffrey Zients, the Chief Performance Officer, and Aneesh Chopra, the Chief Technology Officer, will work closely together. Kundra and Chopra previously worked in Governor Tim Kaine's administration.
Kundra has made it a priority to focus on the following areas: 
One of his first projects was the launch of Data.gov, a site for access to raw government data. Another project launched by Kundra in June 2009 was the Federal IT Dashboard, which gives an assessment (in terms of cost, schedule and CIO ranking) of many large government IT projects.
Democratizing data.
Kundra launched the Data.gov platform on May 21, 2009 with the goal of providing public access to raw datasets generated by the Executive Branch of the federal government to enable public participation and private sector innovation. Data.gov draws conceptual parallels from the DC Data Catalog launched by Kundra when he was CTO of Washington, D.C., where he published vast amounts of datasets for public use. Immediately after the Data.gov launch, the Apps for America contest by the Sunlight Foundation challenged the American people to develop innovative solutions using Data.gov. San Francisco, the city of New York, the state of California, the state of Utah, the state of Michigan, and the commonwealth of Massachusetts have launched public access websites modeled after Data.gov. Internationally, some cities in Canada, and the UK are following suit.
IT dashboard.
On June 30, 2009, at the Personal Democracy Forum in New York, Vivek Kundra, unveiled the IT Dashboard that tracks over $76 billion in federal IT spending. The IT Dashboard is part of USASpending.gov to track all government spending. The IT Dashboard is designed to provide CIOs of individual government agencies, the public and agency leaders unprecedented visibility into the operations and performance of Federal IT investments, and the ability to provide and receive direct feedback to those directly accountable. In January 2010, Kundra followed up the work on the IT Dashboard with TechStat accountability sessions. These sessions are designed to turn around, halt or terminate at-risk and failing IT projects in the federal government. It allows agency CIOs, CFOs, and other key stakeholders to find solutions for IT projects that are over budget, behind schedule, or under-performing.
Cloud computing.
Kundra launched the federal government strategy and the cloud computing portal Apps.gov at NASA’s Ames Research Center, Moffett Field in California, on September 15, 2009. Apps.gov is a new service provided by the GSA where federal agencies can subscribe to IT services. Kundra saw the cloud as an alternative to hardware investments, as means to reduce IT costs, and to shift focus of federal IT from infrastructure management to strategic projects. This initiative aims to use commercially derived technologies to promote software tools, vast data storage and data sharing, and to foster collaboration across all federal agencies. Howard Schmidt, White House cybersecurity coordinator, will work closely with the Federal CIO and CTO with respect to cloud initiatives and has the responsibility of orchestrating all cybersecurity activities across the government.
On December 9, 2010, Kundra published the "25 Point Implementation Plan to Reform Federal Information Technology Management", which included Cloud First as one of its top priorities for achieving IT efficiency. Cloud First required each agency to identify three cloud initiatives. He announced his decision to leave the federal government and join Harvard University within 7 months of this strategy, too short for any of cloud first initiatives to have demonstrated cost savings. After a short 5 months at Harvard he left to join Salesforce, a cloud SaaS and PaaS provider.
The first major cloud project during his tenure was GSA's migration of e-mail/Lotus Notes to the Gmail and Salesforce.com's platform. GSA awarded a contract for e-mail in December 2010 and a five-year contract to salesforce in August 2011. A September 2012 Inspector General report found the savings and cost analysis not verifiable and recommended GSA update its cost analysis. GSA office of CIO was unable to provide documentation supporting its analysis regarding the initial projected savings for government staffing and contractor support. The audit found that the agency could neither verify those savings nor clearly determine if the cloud migration is meeting agency expectations despite initial claims that indicated 50% cost savings 
Management reforms.
Vivek Kundra published a 25-point implementation plan to reform how the federal government manages information technology. The execution plan follows his decision to reevaluate some of the government's most troubled IT projects. Of 38 projects reviewed, four have been canceled, 11 have been rescoped, and 12 have cut the time for delivery of functionality down by more than half, from two to three years down to an average of 8 months, achieving a total of $3 billion in lifecycle budget reductions.
Suspension.
On March 13, 2009, Kundra was placed on indefinite leave following an FBI raid on his former D.C. office and the arrest of two individuals in relation to a bribery investigation. Kundra returned to duties after five days with no finding of wrongdoing on his part.
Post-Obama administration career.
Kundra left his post as chief information officer in August 2011 to accept an academic fellowship at Harvard University, conducting research at both the Berkman Center for Internet & Society and the Joan Shorenstein Center on the Press, Politics and Public Policy.
In January 2012 Kundra joins Salesforce.com as Executive Vice President of Emerging Markets. 
Professional recognition.
In May 2011, Kundra was selected by EMC Corporation for their Data Hero Visionary Award for his pioneering work under the Obama Administration to reform how the Federal government manages and uses information technology. EMC states that, "Kundra has led the nation to seek innovative solutions to lower the cost of government operations, while exploring ways to fundamentally change the way the public sector and the public interact".
In March 2011, Kundra was selected by the World Economic Forum as a Young Global Leader for his professional accomplishments, commitment to society and potential to contribute to shaping the future of the world.
Kundra was awarded the 2010 National Cyber Security Leadership Award by the SANS Institute for uncovering more than $300 million each year in wasted federal spending on ineffective certification and accreditation reporting and demonstrating an alternative approach called "continuous monitoring" that provides more effective security for federal systems at lower costs.
Kundra was named Chief of the Year on December 21, 2009, by InformationWeek for driving unprecedented change in federal IT.
Kundra was named by InfoWorld among the top 25 CTO's in the country.
He was also selected as a 2008 MIT Sloan CIO Symposium Award Finalist on ‘Balancing Innovation and Cost Leadership’. Both organizations cited the "stock market" approach to IT portfolio management that Kundra implemented for the District of Columbia. The system measured project performance and allocated IT investments similar to the way the public companies trade on the stock market.
Harvard Kennedy School of Government’s Ash Institute also awarded the Innovations in American Government Award (2009) to “District of Columbia’s Data Feeds: Democratization of Government Data”. The project spearheaded by Kundra, Mayor Fenty, and CPO David Gragan was cited for “increase in civic participation, government accountability, and transparency in D.C. government practices” through sites like the Digital Public Square and the DC Data Catolog.
Kundra was recognized as the 2008 Government Sector IT Executive of the Year by the Tech Council of Maryland. The organization cited Kundra's efforts to increase public access to government information and services through live data feeds and data sets. Kundra was also a recipient of the Federal 100 Award for significant contributions to the federal information technology community.

</doc>
<doc id="20368933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368933" title="Blue Sox">
Blue Sox

Blue Sox may refer to a number of sports teams:

</doc>
<doc id="20368978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20368978" title="Red Plague">
Red Plague

Red Plague () is a Polish poem, written in 1944 by Józef Szczepański, a World War II era poet, who died during the Warsaw Uprising. "Red plague" inspired Polish Oscar-winning film director, Andrzej Wajda to create the movie Kanał. The poem, which described the failed hopes of Warsaw insurgents that Red Army would save them, was banned in the People's Republic of Poland due to its anti-Soviet context; during the Joseph Stalin era the very possession of it was punishable by imprisonment. 
Szczepanski wrote it on August 29, 1944, just a few days before his death (he died on September 10). The author expressed his anger at the Red Army units, which were positioned on the eastern bank of the Vistula, but did not help the insurgents ("We are waiting for you, red plague... you will be salvation welcomed with revulsion... we are waiting for you, our eternal enemy... bloody murderer of so many of our brethren... Your red, victorious army has been lying at the bright feet of burning Warsaw and is feeding its soul with bloody pain of a handful of madmen who are dying in the ruins.") 
Excerpts of the poem were used by a Polish rock band Lao Che in its Warsaw Uprising album (in the song Czerniakow).

</doc>
<doc id="20369003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369003" title="Kate Kelly (Idaho politician)">
Kate Kelly (Idaho politician)

Kate Kelly was the Democratic Idaho State Senator from the Ada County-based District 18 from 2004 to 2010. In January 2009 she succeeded Senator Clint Stennett of Ketchum as Idaho Senate minority leader after Stennett's announcement that he would miss all of the 2009 legislative session while battling brain cancer. She did not seek re-election in 2010 and cited financial restrictions as her reasoning for her retirement from public office.
Kelly has stated that she raised approximately $80,000 in funding each time she campaigned for election and re-election.
Kelly was previously the assistant minority leader in the Idaho Senate, Deputy Attorney General for the State of Idaho, and a senior manager at the Idaho Department of Environmental Quality. In December, 2010 she became the Director of the Office of Ecosystems, Tribal & Public Affairs at the Environmental Protection Agency's Region 10 office in Seattle.

</doc>
<doc id="20369020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369020" title="Studio 28">
Studio 28

Studio 28 was a movie theatre located in Wyoming, Michigan, on 28th Street where the theatre got its name. It was the first megaplex and once largest theatre in the world, opening on Christmas Day, 1965, and closing November 23, 2008. 
The theatre started with a single, 1,000 seat theatre in 1965, expanding to two theatres in 1967, six theatres in 1976, twelve in 1984 and twenty in 1988. The theatre broke a single day attendance record on November 29. 1990 serving 16,000 guests, a record which still remains unbroken.
Studio 28 was opened by movie pioneer Jack Loeks and eventually became the flagship theatre of Jack Loeks Theatres, Inc.., and later Celebration Cinema! (Loeks Theatres, Inc.), the company started by Jack's son, John Loeks.
After the opening of several other theatres in the region, including sister theatres, Celebration Cinema! North and Celebration Cinema! South plus purchasing the Cinemark at nearby Rivertown Crossings Mall, Studio 28 saw a sharp decline in attendance, leading to its eventual closure in November 2008. [http://www.cinematour.com/tour.php?db=us&id=4197].
The site, located on 20 acres, is set to be demolished in early 2014. [http://www.wzzm13.com/story/news/local/wyoming/2014/03/03/studio-28-demolition/5992583/]

</doc>
<doc id="20369029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369029" title="Sonora State Highway 37">
Sonora State Highway 37

Sonora State Highway 37 (Carretera Estatal 37) is a highway in the Mexican state of Sonora.
It runs from Puerto Peñasco to the junction with Mexican Federal Highway 2 at Caborca. 

</doc>
<doc id="20369031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369031" title="Andhra Pradesh Power Generation Corporation">
Andhra Pradesh Power Generation Corporation

Andhra Pradesh Power Generation Corporation Limited is one of the pivotal organizations of Andhra Pradesh, engaged in the business of Power generation. Apart from operation & Maintenance of the power plants it has undertaken the execution of the ongoing & new power projects scheduled under capacity addition programme and is taking up renovation & modernization works of the old power stations.
APGENCO came into existence on 28.12.1998 and commenced operations from 01.02.1999. This was a sequel to Government's reforms in Power Sector to unbundle the activities relating to Generation, Transmission and Distribution of Power. All the Generating Stations owned by erstwhile APSEB were transferred to the control of APGENCO.
The installed capacity of APGENCO as on July 31, 2012 is 8924.9 MW comprising 5092.5 MW Thermal, 3829.4 MW Hydro and 2 MW Wind power and 1 MW Solar power stations, and contributes about half the total Energy Requirement of Andhra Pradesh. APGENCO is third largest power generating utilitiy in the Country next to NTPC and Maharashtra. It's installed Hydro capacity of 3703.4 MW is the second highest among the Country.
APGENCO has an equity base of Rs.2107 crores with 11,000 dedicated employees as on 30.06.2009. The company has an asset base of approximately Rs.20100 crores.
History.
When APSEB came into existence in 1959, APSEB started functioning with the objectives of maintaining the power sector efficiently and economically simultaneously ensuring demand meets the supply.During the last decade inadequate capacity addition and low system frequency operation of less than 48.5 Hz for more than half a decade considerably reduced the power supply reliability.The imbalance of the revenues against the cost of production, no significant reduction in technical losses and energy thefts, high cost purchases from IPP's, other SEB's gradually worsened the financial position of APSEB
High Level Committee and its Recommendations.
Government of Andhra Pradesh realizing the declining tendency of the financial position of APSEB and considering the Government of India's Liberalized policy for attracting private investment into power sector, set up a high level committee in January 1995 to look into present working of the APSEB and suggest remedies for improvement. The committee after detailed deliberations with all the concerned and critical analysis submitted the report in which it suggested some recommendations.
Government of Andhra Pradesh considering the recommendations made by committee had embarked upon the AP Electricity REFORMS ACT in 1998.As a sequel the APSEB was unbundled into Andhra Pradesh Power Generation Corporation (APGENCO) & Transmission Corporation of Andhra Pradesh Limited (APTRANSCO) on 01.02.99. APTRANSCO was further unbundled w.e.f. 01.04.2000 into "Transmission Corporation" (DISCOMS).
Thus APGENCO was incorporated as a company under the provisions of Companies Act, on 29.12.1998. According to the Andhra Pradesh Electricity Reforms Act, 1998, APGENCO commenced its business operations effective from 1.2.1999 and according to the memorandum of Association APGENCO has to Acquire, Establish, Construct and Operate Power generating stations.
ll the Generating Stations owned by erstwhile APSEB (Andhra Pradesh State Electricity Board) were transferred to the control of APGENCO.
Power Plants of APGENCO.
The Power Plants of APGENCO are
Generation Capacity.
The installed capacity of APGENCO as on 31.07.2012 is 8924.9 MW comprising 5092.5 MW Thermal, 3829.4 MW Hydro, 2 MW Wind power stations and 1 MW solar power and contributes about half the total Energy Requirement of AP. APGENCO is third largest power generating utility in the Country next to NTPC and MAHAGENCO. It's installed Hydro capacity of 3664.4 MW is the second highest among the Country.
Operational performance.
Though the performance of APGenCo thermal power stations in terms of reliability, availability and maintainability (RAM analysis) is one of the best in India, its hydro power stations performance is not satisfactory as they break down frequently or not in working condition when required to perform at full capacity during the short period (four months) monsoon season. The thermal efficiency (heat rate) of thermal power stations is not satisfactory to attain close to the rated / design values which is deciding parameter in the competitive electricity market (buyers market) whereas the fuel (coal) is costly in sellers market. Operating the thermal power stations in the range of 75 to 100% capacity in 'frequency follow mode' with good part load efficiency is the needful strategy in surplus electricity grid except during peak demand hours. Also Hydro power stations should perform well meeting all the functions such as power factor correction, peaking power generation, pumping water in pump mode and secondary power generation during monsoon season utilising total available water. This can be achieved by maintaining hydro power stations at availability more than 95%.

</doc>
<doc id="20369049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369049" title="Lion (name)">
Lion (name)

Lion as a name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20369083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369083" title="Glenn Canfield, Jr.">
Glenn Canfield, Jr.

Glenn Canfield, Jr. (September 20, 1935–January 30, 2006) was an American metallurgist and businessman.
Early life.
Glenn Canfield, Jr. was born September 20, 1935 in Springfield, Illinois to Ruth K. and Glenn Canfield. He was the first of four children. He served in the United States Navy, earning the rank of Aviation Structural Mechanic Third Class. He served in the Korean and China Sea areas and was discharged after the Korean War.
Education.
Canfield graduated from the University of Illinois in 1959 with a bachelor's degree in metallurgical engineering. He was second in his class of engineers. He earned an MBA from the University of Texas at Tyler in 1987.
Career.
After graduating from the University of Illinois, Canfield worked for Allegheny Ludlum Steel Co. in Brackenridge, Pennsylvania. The first computers were just being built. He did some work on the supercomputer ILLIAC, programming it with wires since chips had not been invented.
In December 1960, Canfield was let go by Allegheny Ludlum when the steel industry went into a funk and went to work for Westinghouse Electric building nuclear reactors for submarines and the first aircraft carrier, and for electrical power plants. His job was to make the fuel. His team designed a backyard reactor that could have supplied 10 homes for 20 years with very cheap power but access to needed uranium was unavailable. 
In December 1963, Canfield went to work at Latrobe Steel as a metallurgist in heat treating and melting of tool steels. 
In January 1970, Canfield went to work at Crucible Specialty Metals in Syracuse, New York making powdered high speed steels, something very new at that time and the forerunner to many alloys that are made now for intricate parts with a long life.
Canfield spent the last 32 years of his life in Longview, Texas, working for Lone Star Steel and developing several businesses and products, in addition to his work with the Republican Party of Gregg County. 
In 1986, Canfield formed The Plum Group, publishing monthly reports on the metal industry to steel suppliers. He also formed Thermo-Tech Co., a manufacturer of de-oxidation products for the steel industry.
His works included pioneering work in powder metallurgy, fusion bonding of nuclear materials for reactors in Naval and 
Power Generation, early work in powdered nuclear materials now used in modern reactors, development of high energy compaction of high alloy powders, seamless extrusions, and the removal of oxygen from liquid steels. He held two 
patents on de-oxidation products and methods.
Politics.
Having maintained an interest in political and economic issues since college, Mr. Canfield was active in the Republican Party of Gregg County and served as party chairperson from 1991-2002. During his term, Republicans captured all but two of the county-wide offices. He also published a monthly newsletter, raised funds for the party, recruited winning candidates, mobilized volunteer efforts, assisted every Republican in winning general elections, and maintained an open office for the use of all auxiliaries. Canfield also served on the State Republican Executive Committee representing Senate District One, having been elected by the state convention in 1998 and being unopposed at the 2000 state convention. 
In 2002, Canfield received the Seed Grower Award, a prestigious honor awarded to him for tremendous impact on the growth of the Republican presence in the state of Texas.
Associations.
Canfield was an active member or supporter of the following groups: Gregg County Republican Women, Republican National Committee, National Senatorial Committee, secretary and treasurer of the Republican Club of Gregg County, National Congressional Committee, Presidential Task Force and Team Bush Leader, Cato Institute, Leadership Institute, National Right To Life, National Right To Work, Texas Right To Life, Hillsdale College, Foundation for Economic Education, president and newsletter editor of East Texas Right To Life, Madison Project, Heritage Foundation, and lifetime member of VFW Post 4002. 
In his younger days, Canfield was a pitcher for a short while in the minor leagues and worked on a pit crew for Indy car racing.
Quotes.
Memorable quotes by Glenn Canfield, Jr. 
On his granddaughter's graduation day: "Congratulations. Don't let this be your proudest day."
Death.
Canfield died on January 30, 2006, after a battle with cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20369102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369102" title="Elliot Werk">
Elliot Werk

Elliot Werk (born April 16, 1957) is a Democratic politician from Boise, Idaho in the United States. He is the incumbent Idaho State Senator from District 17, which is based in the Boise Bench neighborhood. 
Werk was born in Montreal, Canada, and emigrated to the United States when he was seven years old. He became a naturalized United States citizen while in college. After living in various locations throughout the United States, Werk moved to Idaho in the late 1990s with his family.
Werk was elected to the Idaho Senate in 2002, defeating Republican incumbent Grant R. Ipsen and Libertarian candidate David H. Slack. He was reelected to a sixth term in 2012 by a nearly 2-1 margin.
In January 2009 Werk succeeded Kate Kelly as assistant minority leader in the Idaho Senate. Kelly in turn became minority leader succeeding Clint Stennett, who battled brain cancer during the 2009 and 2010 sessions and died in October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20369103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369103" title="Simon Halliday">
Simon Halliday

Simon John Halliday (born 13 July 1960 in Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire, Wales) is a former English rugby union international. He also played nine first-class cricket cricket matches. He was educated at Downside School, Somerset and St Benet's Hall, Oxford.
Cricket.
Halliday's first-class cricket appearances were with Oxford University from 1980 to 1982 and In all he made 348 first-class runs at 29.00 but only passed 50 once in his 14 innings. This was when he scored 113 not out against Kent in 1982, with a bowling lineup consisting of English Test cricketers Graham Dilley and Bob Woolmer. He also played cricket for Dorset from 1981 to 1987, including 38 Minor Counties Championship matches and 3 one-day matches in the National Westminster Bank Trophy.
Rugby Union.
Halliday also played rugby union for Oxford University from 1979 to 1981, including 3 Varsity matches. He went on to play for Bath Rugby Club. His sporting career was interrupted by a serious leg injury when playing for Somerset against Middlesex in the Rugby Union County Championship in 1983. He recovered to work his way into the England national team and made his debut in the 1986 Five Nations. He was a part of England's 1991 Rugby World Cup campaign, playing a group match against Scotland, the Semi Final win over Scotland and the Final which they lost to Australia. Although primarily a centre, he was used on the wing in the World Cup Final. Halliday was also a member of the England side which won the 1992 Five Nations Championship. He played in 23 internationals from 1986 to 1992.
From 1981 to 1990, Halliday made a total of 170 appearances for Bath, including five successful Cup Finals. In 1990 he moved to Harlequins before retiring in 1992 because of long-term injuries.

</doc>
<doc id="20369116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369116" title="Torrens Island Concentration Camp">
Torrens Island Concentration Camp

The Torrens Island Internment Camp was a World War I concentration camp, located on Torrens Island in the Port River Estuary near Adelaide in South Australia. The camp opened on 9 October 1914 and held up to 400 men of German or Austro-Hungarian background or crew members of enemy ships who had been caught in Australian ports at the beginning of the war. They were held without trial under the provisions of the "War Precautions Act 1914".
The South Australian population included a large minority of German descent, and the outbreak of the First World War in 1914 brought a wave of anti-German feeling. At official level, the War Precautions Act permitted sweeping powers of search, seizure of property and arrest. Lutheran churches and schools were closed and German language newspapers were banned. In August 1914 soldiers were sent out under the authority of the Act to round up about 300 of what were called “Germans”. The internees included some German and Austro-Hungarian citizens and some Australian born, a mixture of farmers, intellectuals and Lutheran pastors. They were only a small fraction of the people of German descent in South Australia, and with them the army had rounded up some citizens of Sweden, the Netherlands and one from the USA, all neutral countries. 
At first the prisoners were interned in a barbed wire compound at Keswick Barracks within the Adelaide suburbs. As the numbers grew in October they were taken by boat to Torrens Island. The island was nearly deserted except for a Quarantine Station, built in the nineteenth century. A fenced compound was built on the bank of the Port River about 500m south of the Quarantine Station, which had the only jetty on the island. The prisoners were interned there in tents under armed guard. At the time it was officially called a Concentration Camp. 
In its first few months the Torrens Island internment camp was uncomfortable, but not harsh. The internees were housed in tents and made to cater for their own cooking requirements, including growing their own food. Despite these hardships, the inmates managed to organise cultural events and entertainment, and even published a number of editions of a camp newspaper, "Der Kamerad". Internee Paul Dubotzky was a photographer who was permitted to have a camera in the camp, and his photographs provide a record of conditions.
In early 1915 a new commanding officer, Captain G.E. Hawkes, was posted to the camp, and in about March 1915 the camp was shifted to another location further south away from the Quarantine Station, on the southern end of Torrens Island. The reason for the move was not given, but was presumably because its close proximity would compromise the Quarantine Station in the event of a quarantine emergency. The evidence of a later Court of Enquiry says, "The Camp about this time was removed from the site which this Court has already described, to the southern end of the island, near an old quarantine station which had been unused for many years."
Captain Hawkes was to prove extremely unsuitable for the position, and under his command treatment of the internees deteriorated. He encouraged an atmosphere in which guards became routinely offensive and violent in their behaviour, and soon afterward stories of brutal treatment began to be circulated. Subsequent enquiries found evidence of prisoners being punished for disciplinary offences by exposing them to the weather in an open barbed wire compound, prisoners habitually being prodded with bayonets, and illegal punishments in which internees were stripped, handcuffed and publicly flogged. One of these incidents involved a Swedish and an American citizen. There were also rumours of worse brutalities, and prisoners being shot dead by guards, but the facts about Torrens Island are difficult to verify. Certainly on one occasion Captain Hawkes had fired his pistol into a tent full of internees, wounding one. Flogging the American proved to be a serious mistake. The prisoner wrote to the US Consul about conditions in the camp, forcing an enquiry in June which brought conditions into the open. 
The camp was quietly closed in August 1915, many of the internees were released, and others were transferred to a more humanely-run camp at Holsworthy in New South Wales. Captain Hawkes was dismissed from the service, and in 1916 a Court of Enquiry was held into his conduct. None of this became public knowledge in Australia until after the war, when in 1919 the Adelaide press published the story. However, word of the incident had reached Germany, and returning Australian prisoners of war told of being threatened with reprisals, though none took place. The official records of the Torrens Island camp were destroyed, and today virtually all that is known about the incident comes from the only wartime records that survive, principally the typescript and evidence from the Court of Enquiry.
The sites today.
The locations of the sites of the Torrens Island Internment Camp are known fairly accurately, but there is no physical evidence remaining today. The site of the first camp was on the western side of the island on the bank of the Port River, a few hundred metres south of the Quarantine Station, much of which still stands. The internment site was a tented encampment occupied for only five months, October 1914 to March 1915, and was then systematically removed. Nothing can be identified on the site today. The site of the second camp was at the southern end of the island on the bank of Angas Inlet, and occupied from March to August 1915. It too was systematically removed, and anything that remained was later completely obliterated by modern construction. The site is under or close to the switchyard of Section B of the Torrens Island Power Station, built in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20369139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369139" title="List of Misfits band members">
List of Misfits band members

The lineup of the Misfits, a horror punk band, has fluctuated many times since the band's formation in 1977 in Lodi, New Jersey, with bassist and current singer Jerry Only being the only consistent member. In total the band has had seventeen official members: two lead singers, five guitarists, two bassists, and nine drummers. The following is a complete chronology of the various members and lineups of the Misfits, from the group's inception until the present.

</doc>
<doc id="20369147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369147" title="David Blume">
David Blume

David Blume is an American permaculture teacher and entrepreneur. He has been an especially prolific public speaker, and is a vocal advocate for production of ethanol fuel, especially at local, small and medium scales.
Major work.
Blume is the author of "Alcohol Can Be A Gas!", a review of the history of alcohol used as a fuel, together with an extensive investigation of how to produce alcohol fuel from different crops, using a variety of tools and techniques, and with an explanation of relevant laws and industry practices. The focus of the book is on how to set up and run crops and facilities for local ethanol use, as opposed to large-scale industrial or commercial use.
The book was originally written in 1983 for release with "Alcohol as Fuel", a 10-episode how-to series on PBS produced by KQED in San Francisco. Copies of the original book and TV series, which was only aired on KQED, have since been nearly impossible to obtain. The book was rewritten and expanded to 640 pages over several years and re-released with the same title on November 1, 2007.
Blume's primary insight follows from that of Buckminster Fuller, who wrote the foreword to the book in 1983: that alcohol (or ethanol) is a renewable variety of solar energy in liquid form, the cultivation of which can enhance soils, be used as a minimally- or non-polluting fuel, and enable farmers and individuals at large to make fuel locally.
Other projects.
At one time or another Blume has been involved in the following projects.

</doc>
<doc id="20369149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369149" title="Conrad Cardinal">
Conrad Cardinal

Conrad Seth Cardinal (born March 30, 1942 in Brooklyn, New York) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He pitched in six games in Major League Baseball for the Houston Colt .45s in 1963, including one start against the Los Angeles Dodgers, which resulted in his one career decision, a loss.

</doc>
<doc id="20369170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369170" title="Albany Fire Department">
Albany Fire Department

The Albany Fire Department is a fire department in Albany, Georgia. They have 159 firefighters at 11 stations. The Albany Fire Department donated their fire station locations, trucks and even some of their crew for use during the filming of "Fireproof".

</doc>
<doc id="20369198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369198" title="Richard D. Poll">
Richard D. Poll

Richard Douglas Poll (April 23, 1918 – April 27, 1994) was an American historian, academic, author and member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). His liberal religiosity influenced his notable metaphor about "Iron Rod" vs. "Liahona" LDS Church members.
Biography.
Poll was born in Salt Lake City, where he lived until moving to Fort Worth, Texas at age 10. He published his first article at age 13 in "Liahona, the Elders' Journal", a missionary magazine published by the LDS Church. From 1939-1941 he served as an LDS missionary, first in Germany until World War II began, and then in Canada. From 1942-1945, Poll served as a first lieutenant in the U.S. Army Air Force without seeing the front. He married Emogene (Gene) Hill in 1943 in the Salt Lake Temple, and they remained married until their deaths in 1994 in Provo, Utah.
Throughout his life, Poll was active in the LDS Church and served in various positions, such as stake high councilor.
Academics.
In Fort Worth, Poll studied at Texas Christian University (TCU), completing a bachelors degree in history in 1938. He also received a masters degree from TCU in 1939, writing his thesis on the U.S. campaign against Mormon polygamy. Poll later received a Ph.D. in history from the University of California, Berkeley in 1948.
From 1948-1970 Poll was a history professor at Brigham Young University (BYU). In 1955, he became chair of the department of history. He was the charter president of the American Association of University Professors (AAUP) at BYU in 1959. In 1962, Poll became associate director of the BYU Honors Program, and was named Honors Professor of the Year at BYU in 1969. From 1958-65, he had also occasionally taught at the University of Maryland, College Park, European Division. At BYU, Poll clashed with BYU administration and some church leadership over his AAUP involvement, their anti-communism, and the role of organic evolution. After uncertainty over whether his BYU contract would be renewed, Poll resigned to take a position as vice president of Western Illinois University (WIU) in 1969. He remained in that role until 1975, though he continued teaching history at WIU until 1983. In his retirement, Poll taught occasional classes at BYU from 1983 until his death in 1994.
From 1978-1993, Poll and his wife taught reading and writing skills in adult education classes offered by the LDS Church.
"Iron Rod" and "Liahona" metaphor.
Poll wrote on various topics in Latter-day Saint history and thought. His religious approach was influenced by his studies at TCU, where he examined and rejected creationism, scriptural literalism, and prophetic infallibility. He remembered one professor saying "the purpose of religion is to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable." In 1963, Poll prepared a paper called "What the Church Means to People Like Me", which he delivered in the Palo Alto Ward sacrament meeting in August 1967 and published in ".
The paper drew upon Book of Mormon imagery. In Lehi and Nephi's vision, people held onto an "iron rod" that followed a single path to salvation. In another story, a mysterious instrument, called the "Liahona", pointed righteous travelers toward their destination. Poll's paper set up a dichotomy between church members who see the gospel as clear and exact, or "hold to the Iron Rod", and those who follow the guidance of the church as a compass to lead their lives. He explained:"The Iron Rod Saint does not look for questions but for answers, and in the gospel he finds or is confident that he can find the answer to every important question. The Liahona Saint, on the other hand, is preoccupied with questions and skeptical of answers; he finds in the gospel answers to enough important questions so that he can function purposefully without answers to the rest."
The subject caught the attention of LDS intellectuals and leaders, becoming a poignant metaphor in cultural discourse. It would become Poll's best known article, and was republished several other times.
In a 1971 General Conference address, church apostle Harold B. Lee alluded to and denounced Poll's ideas, saying: If there is any one thing most needed in this time of tumult and frustration, … it is an "iron rod" as a safe guide along the straight path on the way to eternal life, … There are many who profess to be religious and speak of themselves as Christians, and, according to one such, "as accepting the scriptures only as sources of inspiration and moral truth," and then ask in their smugness: "Do the revelations of God give us a handrail to the kingdom of God, as the Lord's messenger told Lehi, or merely a compass?" … Wouldn't it be a great thing if all who are well schooled in secular learning could hold fast to the "iron rod," or the word of God, …?
Lee also quoted the phrase, "A liberal in the Church is merely one who does not have a testimony."
Poll and his wife considered themselves "Liahona" Mormons.

</doc>
<doc id="20369201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369201" title="Wakamiya Ōji">
Wakamiya Ōji

History.
Like most of Kamakura's famous things, Wakamiya Ōji was built at the time of the Kamakura shogunate. Its builder, first Kamakura shogun Minamoto no Yoritomo, wanted to imitate Kyoto's . The name Wakamiya Ōji means "Young Prince Avenue" and derives from its having been built in 1182 as a prayer for the safe delivery of Yoritomo's first son, future shogun Yoriie. That name appears also in the Azuma Kagami, but from historical records it seems likely that the avenue at the time was more often called . In fact, all other Kamakura streets called Ōji by the Azuma Kagami, for example Ōmachi Ōji and Komachi Ōji, are also called Kōji in other medieval texts. During the Muromachi period Wakamiya Ōji was called with a number of different names by different sources, including , for example in Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū's official records, in the , and or in a poetry collection called . The word Nanadō ("seven times") refers to the number of times the shogun's representative for the Kantō region (the "Kantō kubō") would walk around the "torii" gate called "Hama no Torii" (see below) in a ceremony part of a whole week of religious celebrations. Analogously, the term Sendō ("a thousand times") refers to the custom of praying a thousand times while on this sacred avenue.
Recent excavations have revealed that Wakamiya Ōji was originally 33 m wide (much more than now), was flanked by pine trees (now present only next to "Ichi no Torii", see below), and on its sides run a 1.5 m ditch. Next to its upper course, on the two sides there were empty spaces where the remains of a market have been found. Being a shrine's approach, the avenue passes under three "torii", or Shinto gates, called respectively "Ichi no Torii" (first gate), "Ni no Torii" (second gate) and "San no Torii" (third gate). The ordinal number decreases with the distance from the shrine, so the closest to Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū is actually "San no Torii". All were destroyed and rebuilt many times. Today's "San no Torii" and "Ni no Torii" were built in reinforced concrete in 1934 and are painted bright red, the remaining one is made of stone and was erected by Tokugawa Ietsuna in the 17th century. We know from the Shinpen Kamakurashi that until the Edo period the gate closest to the shrine was called "Ichi no Torii", the middle one "Ni no Torii" and the one closest to the sea "Hama no Ōtorii" ("Great Beach Torii") (see the section Hama no Ōtori below). This was by far the holiest of the three, a symbolic link between the city and the sea from which it depended.
Wakamiya Ōji itself was a sacred and ceremonial road which led to a sacred beach, and was used only for the shogun's pilgrimages to the shrines in Izu and Hakone (see also the section Yuigahama), and during official visits of important dignitaries. In May 1185 Taira no Munemori, captured after the decisive Minamoto victory at the battle of Dan-no-ura, entered Kamakura with his son through Wakamiya Ōji. Normal people were rarely allowed on it, but the Azuma Kagami records that on this occasion it was lined with onlookers.
Further south social status dropped even further, because near Geba (see below) there were the pleasure quarters.
"San no Torii".
Wakamiya Ōji begins at "San no Torii", which stands at the exit of Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū. During the Kamakura period, this particular gate used to be also the point of departure of the three main routes in the Kantō region of the old "Kamakura Kaidō" network of roads. The Kamakura Kaidō, built by the shogunate for its own use, consisted of roads which from all directions converged on Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū. It allowed quick troop movements from and to Kamakura and was of great importance during the many internal wars of the period. The three main routes were called , , and .
The exact courses of the three routes aren't known and are the subject of debate, but the following are the most widely accepted.
From Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū's gate, the "Kami no Michi" passed through the Kewaizaka Pass, then Susaki, Watauchi (today's Fujisawa), Karasawa, Iida (within today's Yokohama), then Seya, Tsuruma (today's Machida), Tamagawa, Bubai, Fuchū, Kokubunji, Sayama, and Ogawa, then, at the Usui Pass, divided in three, forming the (that went towards today's Nagano Prefecture), (that went towards today's Gunma Prefecture) and the , that went towards Musashi Province, today's Tokyo Prefecture. For unknown reasons, this route appears to be what the Azuma Kagami calls it "Shimo no Michi".
The road called Yoko Ōji that from "San no Torii" goes to Kita-Kamakura is still called "Kamakura Kaidō" once it leaves town, and used to be the "Naka no Michi". The "Naka no Michi" departed from Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū with a left turn and passed through the Kobukurozaka Pass, Yamanouchi, Ofuna, Kasama (within today's Yokohama), Nagaya, Futamatagawa, and Nakayama, finally joining the "Kami no Michi" there.
The last road, known as the "Shimo no Michi" was a branch of the Naka no Michi that departed before Tsurumi (within today's Yokohama), then crossed Maruko, Shibuya, Hatogaya, Yono, Iwatsuki, Iwatsuki, Koga, and Yūki, then reaching Utsunomiya.
The "dankazura" and "Ni no Torii".
Immediately after the "San no Torii" begins the , a raised pathway flanked by cherry trees which becomes gradually wider as it goes toward the sea. This structure makes it to seem, when seen from Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū, longer than it actually is. It is lined with cherry trees which bloom every year in early April, when many visitors come from all over the Kantō region to see them. Its entire length is under the direct administration of the shrine.
The stele under "Ni no Torii" reads:
The "dankazura" is also called .
In March 1182, Minamoto no Yoritomo, wanting his wife Masako to have a safe delivery, had this "sandō" built from Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū all the way to Yuigahama's Great "Torii". The stones and dirt necessary were personally carried by Hōjō Tokimasa and by many samurai of the Minamoto clan. The portion of the "dankazura" from the second "torii" onward was removed during the Meiji period.
(Although this structure is as old as Wakamiya Ōji itself, the name "dankazura" first appears in the Edo period in the Shinpen Kamakurashi. During the Muromachi period it was called, among others, Okiishi as the stele says, , or ). The demolition of so much of the "dankazura" actually took place over a long time. The portion from "Hama no Ōtorii" to "Geba Yotsukado" was gradually demolished during the Edo period after having been damaged by an earthquake and a flood in 1495. The July 26, 1534 entry of the Kaigen Sōzuki tells us that damages from floods were so great that pilgrims going to Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū and other pedestrians had to take a detour. It also describes the efforts of a private citizen who entered priesthood, started carrying dirt and stones to repair the Dankazura, and begged for money to fix Geba's bridge.
The two "lions" in front of Ni no Torii (visible in the photo) are in effect warden dogs called . So called because they were thought to have been brought to Japan from China via Korea, their name is derived from , the Japanese term for the Korean kingdom of Koguryo. They are almost identical, but one has the mouth open, the other closed. This is a very common pattern in statue pairs at both temples and shrines (it is in effect Buddhist in origin) and has an important symbolic meaning. The open mouth is pronouncing the first letter of the sanskrit alphabet ("a"), the closed one the last ("um"), representing the beginning and the end of all things
Geba Yotsukado.
Between "Ichi no Torii" and "Ni no Torii" lies the , where Ōmachi Ōji crosses Wakamiya Ōji. The etymology of the name Geba ("Dismount horse") is interesting.
Wakamiya Ōji used to pass over three bridges (see Edo period print above): the first was Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū's Akabashi, the second was at " Ni no Torii", where a brook (now covered but still visible on Komachi Dōri) crossed Wakamiya Ōji. The third was at today's Geba, where, according to a brass plaque found on the spot, the Sansuke river flows. (The river was covered in the 1960s to ease traffic.) Because at each bridge there was a sign with the order to horsemen to dismount, they were called respectively , and . Only the third name stuck. At Shimo no Geba riders would get off their horses and proceed on foot, in deference to the shrine ahead.
The stele in front of the gas station reads:
A long time ago, when samurai came to worship at Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū, they had to dismount from their horses here, and for that reason this place was called Geba. The name has remained. Geba has an important position within Kamakura and old stories tell how it was often a battleground. It is said that, on September 12, 1271 Nichiren, arrested in his hut in Nagoe and on his way to the execution ground in Tatsunokuchi to be beheaded, turned to Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū and yelled: "Hachiman Bosatsu, if you are a "kami", give me a sign for the sake of Buddhism!"
The Azuma Kagami informs us that here in Geba Wakamiya Ōji stopped to be a rich and stately avenue, and became the main street of a bustling pleasure quarter.
The Geba Incident.
At the end of the Tokugawa shogunate there were several incidents involving violence against foreigners, the most famous of which is the Namamugi incident. In 1864 two Britons were slashed to death at this intersection by some Japanese men.
On November 22, 1864 British cartoonist Charles Wirgman and photographer Felice Beato were in Enoshima near Fujisawa, where they met Major Baldwin and Lieutenant Bird of the British garrison in Yokohama. Wirgman invited the two men to join them, but they declined because they wanted to go and see the Kamakura Daibutsu. On November 22 the two men were sketching near Wakamiya Ōji when they were stopped and murdered by some samurai. Three men were arrested and executed for the crime, and the head of their leader was publicly displayed in Yokohama. Baldwin and Bird were laid to rest in Yokohama's Foreign Cemetery.
The remains of Hama no Ōtorii.
About 300 m after Geba are the remains of the great "Hama no Ōtorii". The name appears several times in the historical records, and we know from the Shinpen Kamakurashi that it indicated what today we call "Ichi no Torii", the gate closest to the sea. This symbolically and religiously important gate was destroyed and rebuilt many times. The Azuma Kagami says that, on November 22, 1215, a new "Hama no Ōtorii" was built in Yuigahama to replace the old one which had been destroyed by a storm. The replacement didn't last long, because a strong earthquake (and the consequent tsunami) destroyed it together with its shrine on May 15, 1241.
The ruins that were found here belong to one of its many incarnations. The spot is marked on both sidewalks by stone circles which cover the actual remains of the "torii". On the eastern sidewalk there's a small monument (see photo) that reads:
History:
Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū's southernmost "torii", called "Hama no Ōtorii" ("Great Beach Torii"), was first erected in 1180 and then rebuilt several times. 
The remains of its pillars were dated on the basis of objects found with them to the , and it is very likely to be the one erected by Hōjō Ujiyasu in 1553. According to Kaigen's diary, in 1535 An'yō-in's Gyoku'un in a dream was asked to rebuild "Hama no Ōtorii" and so, brought in the material via sea from the mountains of Kazusa Province he started the construction. 
The remains are about 180 m north of Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū's Ichi no Torii, have an unusual structure and have been important in determining the position of the original "Hama no Ōtorii".
Discovered during an archeological survey in February 1990
Pillar dimensions: 160 cm thick, length unknown
Structure: Single core with 8 surrounding pieces
Material: Core in hinoki, rest in keyaki
Today's "Ichi no Torii" is about 180 m to the south. We don't know where "Hama no Ōtorii" used to stand in the Kamakura period, but it is certain that the shoreline a thousand years ago was much behind today's, so the sea was probably very close to the great gate. This particular "torii" was the point where Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū's approach met the water, a symbolic link between a road sacred to the city's tutelary "kami" Hachiman and the sea. As such, it had great religious importance. Since all the crossings with other big roads where further north, this spot was probably not very frequented, but it was here however that periodically was held a ceremony to calm a wind called . Its great religious significance can be guessed also from the fact that, during the Muromachi period, every February the "Kantō Kubō" (the shogun's representative in western Japan) would come and walk seven times around Hama no Ōtorii. The "kubō" would meditate at Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū for a week, and during that period he would walk seven times around this great gate.
"Ichi no Torii".
As already mentioned, we know that this "Ichi no Torii" was for most of Kamakura's history called "Hama no Ōtorii", and that it is only the last of a long series. A bronze plaque (visible in the photo) on it describes its history
一之鳥居此の大鳥居は一之鳥居ともいひ、治承4年12月源頼朝の創建にかかり、壽永元年夫人政子築造の段葛と共に若宮大路の偉観たり。以来武門武将により再建修理を行ふこと数次。寛文8年徳川家綱祖母崇源院の大願を承け、備前犬島産花崗石を以て此の鳥居を始め、第二第三の鳥居を再興せり。就中此の大鳥居は夙に我が国石鳥居の範を仰がれ、明治37年8月国賓に指定せらる。然るに大正12年関東大震災の際、柱下部を残して悉く顛落大破せり。即ち文部省に請ひ、復讐の速ならむことを計りしが、昭和9年文部技師阪谷良之進同嘱託大岡實に依り、稍く重修の設計成り、同11年3月国庫補助並に東京上田ちた近田三郎両名の献資を以て工を起し、同年8月其の功を竣へたり。本工事は神奈川県知事半井清監督の下に施工し、専ら古法を尊び菖材の再用を旨とし、補足材は之を犬島に求め、東西柱上部笠木及貫中部同東部西沓石北側の7個を加えたる外、苟くも景観の美を損せさらしむるに力めたり。
</ref>
"Ichi no Torii"
This Great Torii is also called "Ichi no Torii". Its construction was started by Minamoto no Yoritomo in December 1180 and finished in 1182 together with the "dankazura" by his wife Hōjō Masako, bringing the magnificent Wakamiya Ōji to completion.
It was later repaired several times by the shogunate. In 1668, Tokugawa Ietsuna, on his grandmother Suugen'in's request, used Mikage stone from the island of Inushima near Bizen to rebuild not only this "torii", but also "Ni no Torii" and "San no Torii". This Great Torii was considered a magnificent example of stone "torii", so in August 1904 was declared a National Treasure. Save for the lower part of its two pillars, it was seriously damaged during the Great Kanto Earthquake of 1922. The Ministry of Education immediately made plans for its reconstruction, and in 1934 the project was entrusted to Sakatani Ryōnoshin and Oka Hiroshi, who in a short time planned the necessary repairs. In March 1936, work was started with the financial help of the National Treasury, of Mr. Ueda Chita and Mr. Kanda Saburo, and finished in August of the same year. The job was entrusted to the direction of Nakarai Kiyoshi, governor of Kanagawa, who in respect of tradition reused as much as possible the old parts, and requested the necessary stone replacements from Inushima. In addition to obtaining the seven stone pieces from the original source, he was careful to preserve the general look of the monument.
Hatakeyama Shigeyasu's grave.
A few meters past "Ichi no Torii", on the eastern sidewalk there's Hatakeyama Shigeyasu's grave, consisting of an imponent "hōkyōintō" and of a black stele erected in the 1920 which explains the circumstances of his death. Its text reads
Hatakeyama Shigeyasu's residence
Hatakeyama Shigeyasu was Hatakeyama Shigetada's eldest son. He had had a quarrel with Hiraga Tomomasa, who was Hōjō Tokimasa's son-in-law. Tomomasa hadn't forgotten the fact and so spoke to Tokimasa against both the Hatakeyama. Tokimasa himself hadn't forgotten how Shigetada had, following Minamoto no Yoritomo's will, tried to protect the shogun's son and heir Yoriie, and was looking for an excuse to kill them. Having received from shogun Sanetomo the order to arrest the Hatakeyama, he surrounded Shigeyasu's residence with his soldiers. Shigeyasu fought well, but in the end was killed. The day was June 22, 1205, and this is where the residence stood. The day after, Shigetada himself was tricked into going to Musashinokuni's (a region in the north eastern part of Kanagawa) Futamatagawa, where he was killed. 
Erected in March 1922 by the Kamakurachō Seinendan
In spite of the traditional attribution, who the grave belongs to is a mystery, and even the year of its construction is uncertain. Nonetheless, because Shigeyasu suffered from asthma and was having an attack when he was killed in battle, the "hōkyōintō" is popularly known as Rokurō-sama (from Rokurō, his childhood name) and is supposed to have the power to cure colds and cough.
Yuigahama.
Wakamiya Ōji ends next to the Namerigawa's estuary at Yuigahama. During the Kamakura period it was called . It was considered sacred to the Minamoto and, before visiting shrines in Izu and Hakone, the shogun would always descend Wakamiya Ōji to purify his body here.

</doc>
<doc id="20369225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369225" title="Bahinabai">
Bahinabai

Bahinabai (1628–1700 AD) or Bahina or Bahini is a Varkari female-saint from Maharashtra, India. She is considered as a disciple of another Varkari poet-saint Tukaram. Having been born in a brahmin family, Bahinabai was married to a widower at a tender age and spent most of her childhood wandering around Maharashtra along with her family. She describes, in her autobiography "Atmamanivedana", her spiritual experiences with a calf and visions of the Varkari's patron deity Vithoba and Tukaram. She reports being subjected to verbal and physical abuse by her husband, who despised her spiritual inclination but who finally accepted her chosen path of devotion ("bhakti"). Unlike most female-saints who never married or renounced their married life for God, Bahinabai remained married her entire life.
Bahinabai's abhanga compositions, written in Marathi, focus on her troubled marital life and the regret being born a woman. Bahinabai was always torn between her duties to her husband and her devotion to Vithoba. Her poetry mirrors her compromise between her devotion to her husband and God.
Early life.
Bahinabai has written an autobiographical work called "Atmamanivedana" or "Bahinibai Gatha", where she describes not only her current birth but also twelve previous births. The first 78 verses of the total 473 trace her current life.
As per the account, she was born in Deogaon(Rangari) or Devgaon(R) near Elloraor Verul in northern Maharashtra, where she spent her childhood. Her parents, Aaudev Kulkarni and Janaki were brahmins, the Hindu priest class, and considered their first child Bahinabai as a harbinger of good fortune. Bahinabai started reciting the names of God from an early age, while playing with her mates.
Bahinabai was married at the age of three with a thirty-year-old widower called Gangadhar Pathak, who she describes as a scholar and "an excellent jewel of a man", but stayed with parents until she reached puberty as per the custom. When Bahinabai was about nine years old, she with her parents and husband, had to leave Devghar due to a family dispute. They wandered with pilgrims along the banks of river Godavari and begged for grain, as customarily wandering holy men do. They visited Pandharpur, the city which hosts the chief temple of Vithoba, in this period. By the age of eleven, she with her family finally settled in Kolhapur. She was "subjected to the demands of married life" at this age, but she was not into it.
Later life.
In Kolhapur, Bahinabai was exposed to Hari-Kirtana songs and tales from the scripture Bhagavata Purana. Here, Bahinabai's husband was gifted a cow, who soon gave birth to a calf. Bahinabai reports a spiritual encounter with the calf. The calf, in Varkari literature, symbolizes a person who has attained the highest state of yogic concentration in the previous birth, but due to some fault, is forced to take birth as a calf. The calf followed Bahinabai wherever she went. Bahinabai with the calf also attended the Kirtana of the famed swami Jayaram. Jayaram patted heads of the calf and Bahinabai. When Bahinabai's husband heard of the incident, he dragged Bahinabai by her hair, beat and tied her up in the house. Following this, the calf and the cow gave up food and water leading to the former's death. At its burial, Bahinabai fainted and lay unconscious for days. She awoke with her first vision of the Varkari's patron deity Vithoba and later of her contemporary poet-saint Tukaram. Following the incident, she had another vision of the duo that revived her from the sorrow of the calf's death. In these visions, Tukaram fed her nectar and taught her the mantra "Rama-Krishna-Hari". Thereafter, Bahinabai pronounced Tukaram as her guru. In her visions, Tukaram initiated her into the path of "bhakti" (devotion) and instructed her to recite the name of Vithoba. Some people considered her behaviour as a sign of madness, while others considered it a mark of sainthood.
Bahinabai's husband dissuaded her by saying that she being of a Brahmin, should not listen to the lower caste Shudra Tukaram. However, Bahinabai did not find happiness in the life of a dutiful wife and turns to "bhakti", at the same time serving her husband. As her fame spread, her husband is portrayed to have been jealous of the attention Bahinabai received. Her hot-tempered husband is reported to have abused, beaten and confined Bahinabai to the cattle-shed. When all methods fail to deter her, he decided to leave Bahinabai, who was three months pregnant at the time. However, he could not do so as he suffered a burning limbs sensation lasting a month, on the day of departure. Finally, he repented and was convinced of Bahinabai's faith and devotion to God. At the same time, Bahinabai realized her neglect of her husband and decided "serving him was more important than devoting herself to (another) god." Bahinabai writes: 
I'll serve my husband - he's my god ...
My husband's my guru; my husband's my way this 
is my heart's true resolve. 
If my husband goes off, renouncing the world,
Pandurang (Vithoba), what good will it do me to live among men? ...
My husband's the soul; I'm the body ...
My husband's the water; I'm a fish in it.
How can I survive? ...
Why should the stone god Vitthal (Vithoba)
and the dream saint Tuka (Tukaram)
deprive me of the happiness I know?
The family of Bahinabai went to Dehu, the home-town of Tukaram and paid their respects to him. Here, the brahmin Bahinabai's acceptance of the lower caste Sudra Tukaram as her guru, agitated local brahmins, which led to harassment of the family and threatening of ostracism. In Dehu, Bahinabai gave birth to a daughter, who she named Kasibai. But, she was distressed and mediated suicide. Tukaram in her vision, stopped her and blessed her with poetic powers and prophesied that she would have a son who was a companion in her previous birth, thus Bahinabai is believed to have started composition of poetry, the first of which were dedicated to Vithoba. Consequently, she had a son, who she named Vithoba, the exact time of his birth is not provided, but he is mentioned in a later part of her autobiography.
Finally the family moved to Shirur, where Bahinabai practised a vow of silence for a while. In 1649, on Tukaram's death, Bahinabai revisited Dehu and fasted for eighteen days where, according to the traditional account, she was blessed with a vision of Tukaram again. She then visited the saint Ramdas and stayed in his company until his death in 1681. Afterwards she returned to Shirur.
In last sections of her autobiography, Bahinabai says she has "seen her death". She prophesied her death and wrote a letter to Vithoba, her son, who had gone to Shukeshwar to perform last rites of his wife. On her death-bed, Bahinabai told Vithoba (her son) that he had been her son throughout her twelve previous births and also in her current (thirteenth) birth, which she believed was her last. Further, she narrated the tale of her twelve previous births, which are recorded in her autobiography. She died in 1700, at the age of 72.
Literary works.
Apart from her autobiography, Bahinabai composed abhangas, which deal with various subjects like praise of god Vithoba, Atman, Sad-guru, sainthood, Brahmanhood, and devotion. Bahinabai's abhanga compositions also focus on her troubled relationship with her husband, the conflict between husband and wife, and to certain extent its resolution. She even portrays her husband's hostile and harmful feelings with empathy. Unlike many of the woman-saints of the period, Bahinabai remained married her entire life, dutifully serving her husband, balancing her roles "pativrata" (a devoted wife) and "virata" (the detached). Bahinabai does not revolt against social traditions and believed denouncement of the world is not the solution to a woman's suffering. Her poetry reflects her compromise between her devotion to her husband and her god Vithoba.
Bahinabai also comments on the duties of a married woman. Some abhangas extol the merits of a "pativrata", others advocate pure devotion to God which may lead to the ire of society. Others advocate the compromise. She also speaks of "pravrtti" (action) and "nivrtti" (quiescence), personified as wives of "manas" (the mind). Both of them argue over their own superiority, winning a particular moment in the debate and finally reconciling and together directing the mind to its ultimate goal. In her own life, Bahinabai sought to balance these two: "pravrtti" - the duties of a virtuous wife and "nivrtti" - renunciation of the world.
Bahinabai sometimes curses his fate of being born as a woman, which author Tharu interprets as "her scepticism, her rebelliousness and her insistent refusal to abandon her aspiration for the truth". She regrets her female birth as she was kept away from the knowledge of the holy scriptures like Vedas and sacred mantras, by the male-dominated brahmin society. Bahinabai sings in her abhanga:
The Vedas cry aloud, the Puranas shout
"No good may come to woman."
I was born with a woman's body
How am I to attain Truth? 
"They are foolish, seductive and deceptive - 
Any connection with a woman is disastrous."
Bahina says, "If a woman's body is so harmful,
How in this world will I reach Truth?"
At times, Bahinabai's abhangas call out to her god Vithoba (Panduranga, Hari) to help her to balance her twin roles. Bahinabai's wisdom can be summed up in her words as: "A woman's body is a body controlled by somebody else. Therefore the path of renunciation is not open to her." Bahinabai's philosophy reveals the social status of the seventeenth century Indian woman, who was supposed to no existence apart from her husband.
She has also composed a text called "Pundalika-Mahatmya", which details the legend of Vithoba and devotee Pundalik, a central figure in Varkari tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="20369309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369309" title="Dick Knight (tennis)">
Dick Knight (tennis)

Dick Knight was born May 15, 1948 in Los Angeles, California. He attended Shoreline High School in Seattle, Washington where he was a high school tennis standout competing with and against other tennis great Tom Gorman. From 1966 to 1970 he attended the University of Washington where he was named Tennis Captain and the first U.W. NCAA Coaches All American. He was inducted into the Husky Hall of Fame in 1995.
As a tennis player his career highlights include four years Washington State Open champion, five years ranked in the top 60 in the U.S. (1967–71), four years ranked number one in Pacific Northwest, and competitor in Wimbledon (1972) and the first U.S. Open (1968) where he lost in the first round to eventual tournament champion Arthur Ashe. One other notable moment in Knight’s career happened in a match against Mike Sprengelmeyer in Southampton, Long Island in 1967. The match lasted 5 ½ hours and 107 games which Dick eventually won 32-30, 3-6, 19-17. This lengthy duel was featured later that year in a Sports Illustrated article by George Plimpton titled “What the Deuce is Going On?”
In 1972 Dick signed on with Nike as the young company’s first worldwide tennis promotions manager. That same year, he signed on with the Seattle SuperSonics as tennis professional at the SuperSonics Racquet Club in Bellevue, Washington. In 1984, Dick Knight and Dr. Mark Dedomenico founded Professional Recreation Organization, Inc. to purchase the club and changed the name to PRO Sports Club [http://public.proclub.com/]. Over the past 20(+) years as President of PRO Sports Club, the flagship Bellevue location has grown into a facility with over 40,000 members.
Currently Dick Knight resides in Redmond, Washington with his wife Karen. He is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="20369320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369320" title="Diane Bilyeu">
Diane Bilyeu

Diane Bilyeu is a Democratic politician from Pocatello, Idaho. She is the incumbent Idaho State Senator from District 29, elected in 2006. She earlier served in the Idaho Senate from 1968 through 1970.
Background.
Bilyeu is the widow of Charles "Chick" Bilyeu, a longtime professor at Idaho State University in Pocatello and also a Democratic Idaho State Senator (1971–1994). She announced her retirement February 27, 2012 to enjoy more time with family.
Education.
Diane Bilyeu received her education from the following institution:
Family.
Diane Bilyeu is widowed with three children named Brigette, Clark, and Valencia.
Current Legislative Committees.
Diane Bilyeu has been a member of the following committees:
Political Experience.
Diane Bilyeu has had the followng political experience:

</doc>
<doc id="20369350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369350" title="Picasso (album)">
Picasso (album)

Picasso is an album by the David Murray Octet released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1993 and features performances by Murray, Rasul Siddik, Hugh Ragin, Craig Harris, James Spaulding, Dave Burrell, Wilber Morris and Tani Tabbal.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20369357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369357" title="NGC 7">
NGC 7

NGC 7 is a spiral galaxy located in the Sculptor constellation. It was discovered by English astronomer John Herschel in 1834, who was using an 18.7 inch reflector telescope at the time. Astronomer Steve Gottlieb described the galaxy as faint, albeit large, and edge-on from the perspective of the Milky Way; he also noted how the galaxy could only be observed clearly with the peripheral vision, not by looking directly at it.

</doc>
<doc id="20369360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369360" title="Nelson Battalion of Militia">
Nelson Battalion of Militia

The Nelson Battalion of Militia was formed 12 August 1845 under the terms of the Militia Act of 1845.
This made the Nelson Battalion of Militia the first Army unit to be formed in the South Island and indeed one of the first in New Zealand. The 2nd Battalion (Canterbury and Nelson-Marlborough, and West Coast), Royal New Zealand Infantry Regiment celebrates 12 August 1845 as the beginning of its preceding units.
The battalion was commanded by a Commandant, Captain Donald Sinclair, who was also the Nelson Magistrate and was organised into two companies, each of 50 men.
The appointment of the Commandant and other officers was gazetted on 28 August 1845 as being:
The Militia Act of 1845, enabled the Governor to form local Militia units in districts that were under threat of hostile actions or emergencies. All males between the ages of 18 and 60, excepting judges, members of the Legislative Council, Māori and clergymen were expected to make themselves available for 28 days service every year. These Militia units were only permitted to operate within 25 mile radius of the settlement, and were consequently used mainly for garrison duties.
Uniforms were a blue shirt of sailor type pattern, a cap and trousers of any type. Whilst armaments were old flintlock muskets - weapons that had originally been imported for bartering with the Māori.
It is believed that the Nelson Militia had fifes and drums to provide them with musical support.
The battalion paraded and trained three times a day for the first 28 days at Fort Arthur in Nelson. By 28 November 1845 the last of the Militiamen had completed their service obligations and the unit was disbanded.
Fort Arthur.
Fort Arthur was an elongated hexagonal earthwork about 445 ft by 259 ft (136 m by 80 m), with bastions at each corner, on the flanks of a hill. Within the earthworks, on high ground, stood a stockade measuring 156 ft by 48 ft (48 m by 15 m). It had been built in September 1843 on the site of what is now Christ Church Cathedral (or Cathedral Hill) by the New Zealand Company, to provide a safe haven for the settlers of Nelson following the Wairau Massacre and growing aggression from local Māori.

</doc>
<doc id="20369367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369367" title="Jason Naidovski">
Jason Naidovski

Jason Naidovski (born 19 July 1989) is an Australian footballer who plays for Mounties Wanderers FC in the NSW Super League.
Biography.
Jason previously played for the Australian Institute of Sport in the Victorian Premier League. He scored a hat-trick against the Fawkner Blues in his final game for the AIS.
Naidovski made his mark on the A-League scene scoring a late winner against Wellington Phoenix in Round 1 of the 2009-10 A-League season. Fellow Jets' striker Sean Rooney crossed the ball into Naidovski who neatly headed the ball into the bottom corner of the net.
Honours.
With Australia:

</doc>
<doc id="20369374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369374" title="Maciej Chorążyk">
Maciej Chorążyk

Maciej Chorążyk (born 1974 in Krynica) is a Polish freelance sports journalist and soccer official, main coordinator/chief scout of the Polish Football Association's "Scouting and Monitoring Polish Youth Abroad Section". He is a graduate of the journalism and sociology departments at the University of Opole, also with a sports-manager degree of the Jagiellonian University. The Scouting section of PZPN led by Chorążyk, with representatives across Western Europe and the Americas, seeks young talented footballers of Polish origin living abroad, potential candidates for the Polish national football teams.
Highlights.
Among the renown players with whom Chorążyk negotiated playing for Poland, are Sebastian Tyrala, and Ludovic Obraniak, with the latter one's case already settled. Chorazyk, due to his activities, has been called a "poacher" by a German sports magazine Kicker. The section managed by him has branches across western and northern Europe, as well as in the United States, Canada, and Brazil. Stefan Szczeplek, one of the most renowned Polish sports journalists, wrote in Rzeczpospolita daily that had it not been for Chorazyk's passion, Obraniak would never play for Poland. 
In an interview given to a football portal www.sportowefakty.pl, Chorazyk stated that in January 2007 he discussed creation of the "Scouting and Monitoring Polish Youth Abroad Section" with PZPN's Jerzy Engel. 
Soon afterwards, he presented his idea of the section, which was accepted by the Association. Main activities of his office are concentrated in Germany, where up to 90% of prospective players of Polish origin are found, almost all of them being sons of Polish immigrants, who left their homeland in the 1980s. In his opinion, the section's biggest failure was the loss of Sebastian Boenisch, who had expressed interest in his capping for Poland, but management of the national team was not interested. On August 12, 2009, Chorazyk admitted that he had been negotiating with two Polish - French football stars, Damien Perquis of FC Sochaux, and Laurent Koscielny of FC Lorient. “We are now handling passport-related issues, and we will know more in the near future” - he said.

</doc>
<doc id="20369410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369410" title="Edgar J. Malepeai">
Edgar J. Malepeai

Edgar J. Malepeai (born August 7, 1950) is a Democratic politician from Pocatello, Idaho. He served as an Idaho State Senator from the Bannock County-based District 30 from 2002 to 2012. During his final two years in the Idaho Senate Malepeai served as minority leader.
Malepeai was born in American Samoa and graduated from high school in South San Francisco, California. He moved to Pocatello in the 1970s to attend Idaho State University, where he played football and rugby. After graduation, Malepeai worked as a government teacher at Highland High School. Malepeai also works as a football official in Big Sky Conference games.
Malepeai previously served on the Pocatello City Council and as chair of the Bannock County Democratic Party. He was first elected to the Idaho Senate in 2002 with 64.6 percent of the vote. He ran unopposed for reelection in 2004, 2006 and 2008. Malepeai also has previous service representing Idaho on the Democratic National Committee.
Malepeai missed the 2007 and 2008 legislative sessions while caring for his wife, Brenda, who suffered from a rare form of cancer. Brenda Malepeai died in March 2009.
In 2010 Malepeai faced Republican opposition for the first time since his initial state senate run eight years earlier. Malepeai was reelected to a fifth term with 54.6 percent of the vote. Malepeai was not a candidate for reelection in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20369412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369412" title="Khemara (NGO)">
Khemara (NGO)

Khemara is a Cambodian Non-Governmental Development Organisation which concentrates on the advancement of women and children.
As well as running programs in business, literacy, child care and emergency shelter they are promoting handicrafts made from silk, silver and wicker, and carrying out advocacy work. They have an outlet in Phnom Penh which also displays pottery from a Japanese sponsored pottery center in Battambang.
The Organisation.
Founded in 1991 with assistance from US based Business Consultants for Development, Khemara claims to be 'the voice of women in Cambodia' and is a member of national governmental committees on Women's and Children's affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20369415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369415" title="Victor Pan">
Victor Pan

Victor Ya. Pan () is a Soviet and American mathematician and computer scientist. He earned his Ph.D. at Moscow University then continued at the Soviet Academy of Sciences. During that time, he published a number of significant papers and became known informally as "polynomial Pan" for his pioneering work in the area of polynomial computations. In late 1970s, he immigrated in the United States and held positions at several institutions including IBM Research. Since 1988, he has taught at Lehman College of the City University of New York, where he was appointed Distinguished Professor in 2000.
Victor Pan is an expert in computational complexity and has developed a number of new algorithms. One of his notable early results is a proof that the number of multiplications in Horner scheme is optimal.
In 2013 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society, for "contributions to the mathematical theory of computation".

</doc>
<doc id="20369426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369426" title="O. V. Alagesan">
O. V. Alagesan

Ozhalur Viswanatha Mudaliar Alagesan () (6 September 1911 – 3 January 1992) was an Indian politician and freedom fighter from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. He served as a member of the Indian Parliament from 1951 to 1957, 1962 to 1967 and from 1971 to 1979.
Politics.
Alagesan was a member of the Constituent Assembly from 1946 to 1951. In 1951, he was elected Member of Parliament from Chingleput. He lost the elections in 1957 but was re-elected in 1962. He also served as a Member of Parliament from Tiruthani from 1971 to 1975 and Arakkonam from 1975 to 1979.
Alagesan served as India's Ambassador to Ethiopia from 1968 to 1971.
Death.
Alagesan died on 3 January 1992 at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="20369432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369432" title="NGC 9">
NGC 9

NGC 9 is a spiral galaxy about 140 million light years away in the Pegasus constellation. It was discovered 27 September 1865 by Otto Struve. 

</doc>
<doc id="20369465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369465" title="Talking Rain">
Talking Rain

Talking Rain is a privately held beverage company based in Preston, Washington that manufactures and distributes enhanced and sparkling waters. The company was founded in 1987, but has risen to prominence recently after the emergence of its Sparkling ICE brand across the United States.
Products.
Talking Rain produces bottled spring water and bottled sparkling water for distribution throughout the United States, as well as in Mexico, Canada and Japan. The company's most prominent brand, and only brand that is distributed nationally, is Sparkling ICE, a low-calorie carbonated beverage made from spring water with vitamins and fruit juice added.
Sparkling ICE brand products come in 9 fruit flavors, and each flavor has a distinct and vivid color. The products are packaged in a tall, minimalist bottle, branded with an ice cube logo depicting each bottle's flavor. Talking Rain also produces and distributes Sparkling ICE Lemonade, an extension of the Sparkling ICE brand that is not its traditional fruit flavors. There are 4 varieties of Sparkling ICE Lemonade.
Microsoft stocks Talking Rain products, among other soft drinks, for free distribution to employees. During the development of Windows Vista, Microsoft arranged to have special Talking Rain cans printed with the Vista logo and a link to an Internet site.
According to the "Puget Sound Business Journal", as of August 2008, 90% of Talking Rain's revenue comes from flavored products. The company is privately held and as such does not report exact revenue or profit figures.

</doc>
<doc id="20369482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369482" title="Donald Harding">
Donald Harding

Donald Harding may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20369516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369516" title="Salah al-Deen Hafez">
Salah al-Deen Hafez

Salah Eddin Hafez, Arabic: صلاح الدين حافظ, b. 1938, died 16 November 2008, was an Egyptian writer and journalist.Married to Hala el hefnawy. At the time of his death of cancer, he was the General Secretary of the Union of Arab Journalists. 
He was born in Egypt in 1938 and in 1960 graduated from the School of Arts with a degree in Journalism. Upon graduation he started working for both "Al Akhbar" and "At Taawon" before moving to "Al-Ahram" in 1965 and supervising the international edition of the daily called "Al Ahram ad Duwali" and was editor-in-chief of the magazine "Dirasaat I'lamiyyah" (tr. Media Studies).
He was elected as General Secretary of the Union of Egyptian Journalists for periods 1968-1971 and 1973-1977. He was elected as General Secretary of the Union of Arab Journalists for one year in 1976 and after the headquarters were moved from Baghdad, Iraq to Cairo, Egypt, for more than a decade (1996- November 2008) until the time of his death.
Salah Eddin Hafez was also a well-known independent writer with 12 books to his name that tackled subjects of the media, democracy, Arab-Israeli conflict and the Third World amongst others. His writings defended the civil rights of the disadvantaged or minorities, tackled many times issues of freedom of expression and social justice. His weekly articles every Wednesday morning were published in "Al-Ahram" and concurrently in 5 other Arab publications and was at many a time critical of the Arab regimes including those of Egypt.
He died of cancer on 16 November 2008 and buried in the region of 6th of October City, in northern Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="20369522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369522" title="Donald Harding (professor)">
Donald Harding (professor)

Donald Edward Harding (born 1940) is one of Australia's leading experts in corporate law and securities regulation. He also has a depth of knowledge in a range of fields and is repeatedly consulted on questions of contract and commercial law, equity and public law. He has a particular expertise in relation to statutory corporations and public authorities. He has advised extensively on the legislation, corporate structures, constitution and capital involved in major privatisations, including those of the Commonwealth Bank, Qantas and TAB. He attended Sydney Boys High School from 1952-56.

</doc>
<doc id="20369526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369526" title="NGC 10">
NGC 10

NGC 10 is a spiral galaxy located in the Sculptor constellation.

</doc>
<doc id="20369549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369549" title="OBC (secret society)">
OBC (secret society)

OBC is the oldest known collegiate secret society operating at the University of North Carolina at Asheville. Its existence has been documented as early as May 1938; however, there is no confirmed documentation of its founding or membership.
History.
In March 1865, previously-secret legislation to create an official Special and Secret Bureau of the War Department was enacted by the Confederate Congress, and the Battle of Asheville was waged that April on the grounds of Woolsey Dip, the area which would eventually become the present-day campus of the University of North Carolina at Asheville. A small group of Confederate reserves stationed in the city was victorious; remaining Union troops were forced to withdraw to Tennessee. After the unexpected victory, rumors of the Confederate soldiers’ potential association with the new Bureau arose. However, in preparation for the evacuation of Richmond, Confederate Secretary of State Judah P. Benjamin burned nearly all official documents related to the formation of the Secret Service, and the rumors were never able to be confirmed or dispelled. In the following years, rumors turned to the existence of a secret society in Woolsey Dip, alleged to have been organized by the small band of Confederate soldiers.
The Buncombe County Junior College opened its doors on September 12, 1927, welcoming 86 men and women free of tuition. However, tuition became necessary to the school’s continuation in 1929 with the advent of the Great Depression. That year also saw the passage of the first graduating class, known as the “29 of ’29,” and a merger with Asheville City College, after which it was known as Biltmore College. In 1934, the college changed location to College Street in downtown Asheville, and in 1936 it was chartered as Asheville-Biltmore College and accredited by the United States Department of Education. The school moved twice more over the next 15 years, first to Biltmore Avenue, south of downtown, then north of downtown to Merrimon Avenue. Finally, in 1948, the Alumni Association was founded under direction of United States House Representative Roy A. Taylor, the valedictorian of the class of ‘29, and the following year the college was moved to Seely’s Castle on Sunset Mountain. 
It was during the period of the college’s residence at Seely’s Castle that rumors of a secret society in Asheville arose once more. A small group of students whose possessions included artifacts from the American Civil War, referring to themselves as simply OBC, was alleged to use the lowest rooms of the castle to hold secret meetings, beginning a tradition of underground meeting places that is rumored to hold true to today. The original purpose of the group was believed to have been the creation of a public liberal arts college, as the society has been long associated with projects aimed at the improvement of what has now become the University.
Membership and associations.
Membership in the society has never been revealed. It has been written that members are students "deeply involved in student organizations and other prominent leadership positions in the University, a tactic which is suggested to ease the ability of the society to wield its influence within the University’s community." 
It has been suggested that the society is in communication with the administration and Board of Trustees of the University of North Carolina at Asheville, as well as the present-day owners of Seely’s Castle. The society is also alleged to have associations with the North Carolina State government through Representative Taylor, beginning in 1948.
Name.
Since an account of the society's existence was first published in the late 1930s, "OBC" has been assumed to be an acronym; however, there has been no confirmation of either this or what the letters may stand for. Over the years, many names have been suggested, including "The Order of the Blue Castle," "The Order of Brothers Confederate," "Omega Beta Chi," "Olde Brethren of the Chamber" and, more recently, "The Organization on the Bulldog Campus." 
Significance.
OBC is the oldest known secret society operating at the University of North Carolina at Asheville. Its historical significance lies not as heavily in its existence as a secret society, but as an academically-oriented society in favor of a liberal arts curriculum, as amongst North Carolina's many higher education institutions, UNCA is the only designated liberal arts institution in the UNC system.
Historically, the group is also suggested to have been responsible for keeping the college afloat during the long years of economic instability following the Depression, and for the construction of bomb shelters beneath many of the academic buildings during the Cold War. They are held to have begun the traditional autumnal ceremony of the Turning of the Maples, now hosted by the Alumni Office, in 1969 under the administration of Chancellor William E. Highsmith, to showcase the beauty of the campus. 
Today, the society is accredited with a wide range of activities, from major financial donations to minor humorous pranks. The completed construction of the newest building on the University of North Carolina at Asheville campus, Zeis Hall, is reported to have been possible only thanks to the donation of a large sum of money from the society. The symbol believed to be linked to the society, a large letter B surrounded by a circle with two hash marks at 45 and 135 degrees, appears on buildings and sidewalks in out-of-the-way locations on campus approximately once every semester. Most recently, the group is publicly held to be the source of the nickname "Chan Anne" for current (2005- ) UNC Asheville Chancellor Anne Ponder.

</doc>
<doc id="20369561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369561" title="Dudley Leavitt (minister)">
Dudley Leavitt (minister)

Rev. Dudley Leavitt (1720–1762) was a Congregational minister born in New Hampshire, educated at Harvard College, who led a splinter group from the First Church in Salem, Massachusetts, during a wave of religious ferment nearly a decade before the Great Awakening. Following Leavitt's death at age 42, his congregation elected to christen itself 'The Church of Which the Rev. Dudley Leavitt was late Pastor' after the charismatic preacher. Leavitt Street in Salem is named for the early minister.
Life and work.
Leavitt was born in Exeter, New Hampshire, in 1720 to a family with Puritan roots going back to the Massachusetts Bay Colony. Leavitt's parents were Moses Leavitt Jr. of Exeter and his wife Sarah ("née" Leavitt) Leavitt. Educated at Harvard College, where he graduated at age 19 in 1739, Dudley Leavitt was first ordained pastor of Exeter's church in 1743, where he served for two years. On October 23, 1745, he was ordained second minister of a splinter church of First Church in Salem. (The congregation had followed Rev. Samuel Fisk from the church a decade prior to Leavitt's arrival, and although informally known as the Third Church, the congregation continued to insist on calling itself the First Church.) 
On September 21, 1751, the young minister married Mary Pickering of Salem, born at Salem's Pickering House, the daughter of Deacon Timothy Pickering and sister of Revolutionary War patriot Timothy Pickering. Three years after his marriage Dudley Leavitt's uncle Moses Leavitt died at Stratham, New Hampshire, and named the novice preacher in his will. A year later, in 1749, Leavitt's brother Stephen died at Exeter, leaving Dudley most of his Stratham lands.
Rev. Leavitt was caught up in the wave of religious ferment which swept New England, taking the helm of the splinter group founded by Rev. Fisk, later known as the Third Church of Salem. "Our predecessors who built the former house", recounts the church history, "were thus compelled by a power, equal to that of the bayonet, to leave the place which they greatly loved, and to which they deeply, if not justly, felt that they had all the rights of a majority to retain." Leavitt was part of the New Light evangelical movement that swept New England. Within the esteemed First Church, the movement by the evangelicals had shaken the Church to its foundations and prompted the exodus of the congregation Leavitt later led. 
In a letter from 'a gentleman in Salem' to a Boston friend in October 1745, the anonymous author recounted the subsequent dismissal of Fisk by his congregation, and his replacement by the young Leavitt. The letter was printed as a supplement to the newspaper "The Boston Evening-Post" on November 18, 1745, when printer Thomas Fleet openly identified himself as the printer of the anonymous letter. Meriting a supplement to the daily newspaper of the state's capital, the episode epitomized the religious debates still raging in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts over a century after its founding as a Puritan refuge. 
"Mr. Leavitt was ordained at Salem about this time with vast disturbance", noted a contemporary ministerial observer. The observer attributed the disturbance to the fact that the schismatic congregation, still claiming to be the First Church of Salem, had axed the very man who led it out in protest.
The Third Church of Salem had been born of dissent: it split off from the First Church in 1735 under the leadership of Rev. Samuel Fisk, who had been let go by the First Church. Following Fisk's dismissal by his new congregation in 1745, the pastorate of Third Church was assumed by Leavitt. Dudley Leavitt's assumption of his minister's post in place of Samuel Fisk preceded the Great Awakening by a decade. The autocratic Fisk had broken off from his church in 1735, then a decade later he himself was deposed when church elders rebelled against ministerial authority and picked Leavitt as their candidate of change. Apparently in the decade of Fisk's control, his stern discipline in church matters alienated some of his supporters. After Leavitt's ordination, some of those who had voted a decade earlier to separate from First Church with Fisk instead elected to return to worship with their former enemies. Such were the ways of New England theocracy.
Seeking reconciliation with other church members after Leavitt's ordination, the Third Church appealed to ecclesiastical authorities in Boston for reconciliation after Fisk's dismissal. In 1748, a letter was penned by Leavitt's congregation repenting the "misconduct of their Brethren from whom we had withdrawn communion", according to ecclesiastical authorities in Boston. The letter from Rev. Leavitt's church "acknowledging their offense, and asking Forgiveness and reconciliation" was meant to assuage those who were put off by Fisk's ministerial authoritarianism.
The congregation's actions to atone for the offense they had apparently given under Fisk were applauded by church authorities in Massachusetts, who voted to resume contact with the Salem congregation. The confession was "so far satisfactory that the churches of the excommunicating council rescinded the actions of that council, one after another voting to resume the relations of fellowship."
By the time of the Great Awakening, almost a decade later, Rev. Leavitt was seen as a 'New Light', and Rev. Fisk, who had himself been a call for change, as an 'Old Light'. 
Dudley Leavitt's congregation continued to cling to the name of First Church of Salem until 1763, a year after Leavitt's death, when the congregation finally assumed the name of Third Church of Christ in Salem. In a list of deceased ministers of 1764, Dudley Leavitt was still listed as minister of the First Church of Salem, even though the First Church refused to acknowledge that it had lost part of its congregation.
Dudley Leavitt died in Salem at age 42 in 1762 after a 'lingering illness', as contemporary accounts described it. A portrait of the Rev. Dudley Leavitt by the colonial artist Joseph Badger was later shown in an exhibition at the Plummer Hall exhibition in Salem in December, 1875. At the time, the portrait was owned by Salem merchant John Pickering, Esq. Dudley Leavitt and his wife Mary (Pickering) Leavitt had three daughters: Sarah, who married Salem merchant Isaac White, and subsequently Jonathan Payson of Portsmouth, New Hampshire; Mary Leavitt who married Dr. Joseph Orne of Salem, a Harvard College graduate; and Elizabeth Leavitt, who married the merchant William Pickman of Salem. The prominent Salem merchant Dudley Leavitt Pickman was the son of William and Elizabeth (Leavitt) Pickman. 

</doc>
<doc id="20369578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369578" title="Foord">
Foord

Foord is an English surname, being a variant of Ford. It may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20369595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369595" title="Oscar De La Hoya vs. Manny Pacquiao">
Oscar De La Hoya vs. Manny Pacquiao

Oscar De La Hoya vs. Manny Pacquiao, also billed as The Dream Match, was a professional boxing welterweight superfight. The bout took place on December 6, 2008 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena, Las Vegas, Nevada, United States. Pacquiao defeated De La Hoya via technical knockout when De La Hoya decided not to continue with the fight before the start of the ninth round. The card was a co-production of Bob Arum's Top Rank Boxing and De La Hoya's Golden Boy Promotions and was aired live on pay-per-view (PPV) on HBO PPV. The fight is notable for propelling Manny Pacquiao to full-blown superstar status in much of the western world (mostly in The United States), as Oscar De La Hoya symbolically "passed the torch", so to speak, to Pacquiao.
Despite no title belts being disputed, the bout received a lot of publicity since the two boxers were decorated, with Pacquiao being the current number one pound for pound boxer in the world as judged by "The Ring", and a five-time world champion in five different weight divisions (Pacquiao was the reigning WBC lightweight champion at the time of the bout). Meanwhile, De La Hoya was an Olympic gold medalist and past holder of 10 world titles in six weight divisions.
Pacquiao had to step up two weight divisions (from lightweight), and De La Hoya had to go down one weight division (from light middleweight), to be eligible for the bout's welterweight division.
Idea of the bout.
The ideas of having De La Hoya and Pacquiao fight came from HBO boxing analyst Larry Merchant talking with ESPN boxing analyst Dan Rafael. Larry then presented the idea to Golden Boy Promotions CEO Richard Schaefer and Top Rank CEO Bob Arum. Bob presented the idea to Manny Pacquiao trainer Freddie Roach. It was even mentioned on the PPV broadcast that it was Larry's idea, even mentioning Dan Rafael by name. Freddie Roach since the De La Hoya- Mayweather fight has said in the media and in the De La Hoya/Pacquiao 24/7 series, press conferences, promos leading to the Dream Match that Oscar "can't pull the trigger anymore." 
Buildup.
After De La Hoya's May 5 loss to Floyd Mayweather, Jr. in 2007 "(see De La Hoya-Mayweather boxing match)", De La Hoya decided to close out his career with three fights in 2008. The first would be a tune-up bout in May before finishing with two mega bouts in September and December respectively. De La Hoya defeated Stevie Forbes in the May tune-up bout in preparation for Mayweather. Due to Mayweather's unexpected retirement however, Ricky Hatton was the new potential candidate to fight De La Hoya on September 20. However, Hatton rejected the offer because he felt the scheduled date was too close to his last bout. De La Hoya then decided to pass on a fight in September to set the stage for a showdown against either Manny Pacquiao or Miguel Cotto, should Cotto win his fight against Antonio Margarito in July. After Cotto was defeated by Margarito, it was announced that De La Hoya and Pound For Pound superstar Manny Pacquiao had agreed to fight December 6, 2008 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas at the welterweight limit of 147 lbs. On August 28, 2008, a teleconference was held by Golden Boy Promotions to officially announce the fight.
Pre-fight hype.
Presented by Golden Boy Promotions and Top Rank, Inc., the bout was scheduled as a 12-round, non-title fight contested at the 147-pound welterweight limit. Although Pacquiao went into the fight recognized as the leading pound-for-pound boxer in the world, some boxing pundits have speculated that 147 pounds could be too far above his natural weight against the larger De La Hoya.
Many boxing analysts believed the fight would favor Oscar. Boxing analysts stated that Oscar's size, reach, experience, and good chin made Manny the underdog in this mega fight. Training for the fight Oscar hired trainers Angelo Dundee, Ignacio "Nacho" Beristain, and young boxing talent Edwin Valero. Oscar told the news that his team is unbeatable, while Freddie Roach said, "No one is going to be able to help Oscar pull the trigger when he faces Manny Pacquiao on Dec. 6".
Tickets reportedly sold out just hours after they went on sale. The total gate revenues were said to be nearly $17 million. That amount apparently gave the bout the second-largest gate revenue in boxing history (after the De La Hoya-Mayweather Jr. fight on May 5, 2007 which generated $18.4 million in gate revenue).
The fight.
Manny Pacquiao soundly defeated Oscar De La Hoya, surprising many pre-fight analysts who had predicted a victory by De La Hoya. The fight ended at the beginning of the 9th round after Oscar and his corner threw in the towel.
Rounds 1–4.
On round 1, De La Hoya's opening punches missed Pacquiao; Pacquiao's own straight left then a combo connects. The boxers exchange punches, with another Pacquiao straight left to end the round. At the start of the second round, a double jab by De La Hoya persuades Pacquiao to retreat. Only the second of De La Hoya's two combinations hits Pacquiao. A combo from Pacquiao leaves De La Hoya's face reddened. A flurry of punches from Pacquiao ends the round. The third round was more of the same as De La Hoya wasn't able to answer Pacquiao's combos.
Rounds 5–7.
Pacquiao unleashes a flurry of punches in round 5; De La Hoya saw it but didn't react fast enough. De La Hoya himself lands a body shot and a couple of hooks, but the two boxers exchange punches at the end of the round. The next round began as the last ended, with the men exchanging jabs. Pacquiao appears winded as he missed a left hook, but the follow-up lands on target. Pacquiao lands a right, and a four-punch combo to end the round.
In round 7, Pacquiao lands a jab as De La Hoya misses his; Pacquiao unleashes another flurry of punches as De La Hoya's legs almost gave out, just as he ceased punching back. His uppercut misses Pacquiao as his opponent releases more jabs to end round 7.
Round 8 and aftermath.
Pacquiao pursues De La Hoya's body but was warned by referee Tony Weeks to "keep them up" (keep punches above the belt). De La Hoya's right connects, but Pacquiao's combo pins De La Hoya in the corner. Another left by Pacquiao dazes the Mexican-American. Another combo wobbles De La Hoya. Pacquiao throws another combo as De La Hoya goes for the body. The Filipino unleashes a four-punch combo to end the round.
The fight is stopped before the start of the ninth round to award Pacquiao the victory.
Pacquiao was ahead on all three judges' scorecards before the stoppage, with two judges scoring the fight at 80-71 (Pacquiao won all rounds) and one scoring it at 79–72 (Pacquiao won 7 rounds and lost 1). After the bout trainer Freddy Roach stated, "We knew we had him after the first round. He had no legs, he was hesitant and he was shot." Confirming Roach's pre-fight predictions that he'd grown too old, De La Hoya crossed the ring to Pacquiao's corner after the bout was stopped and told Roach, "You're right Freddie. I don't have it anymore." When asked by reporters whether he would continue fighting, De La Hoya responded, "My heart still wants to fight, that's for sure. But when your physical doesn't respond, what can you do? I have to be smart and make sure I think about my future plans."
Business.
On December 10, 2008, HBO announced that the fight generated 1.25 million PPV buys totaling more than $70 million in PPV revenue. This fight was only the fourth non-heavyweight bout to have more than one million buys at that time, along with De La Hoya–Mayweather Jr. (2.4 million buys) in May 2007, De La Hoya–Hopkins (1 million buys) in 2004, and De La Hoya–Trinidad (1.4 million buys) in 1999.
The PPV card was the highest-grossing PPV event of the year in North America, ahead of UFC 91 (Randy Couture vs. Brock Lesnar) and WrestleMania XXIV.

</doc>
<doc id="20369598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369598" title="Hussain Salman">
Hussain Salman

Hussain Salman Makki (; born December 20, 1982) is a Bahraini footballer currently playing for Al-Riffa of Bahrain and the Bahrain national football team.
He scored the only goal in a Friendly against Inter Milan in January 2007 which ended 5-1.

</doc>
<doc id="20369603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369603" title="Surrender to the Night">
Surrender to the Night

Surrender To The Night is the second album by Trans Am, released in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20369619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369619" title="Knersvlakte">
Knersvlakte

The Knersvlakte is a region of a hilly terrain covered with quartz gravel in Namaqualand in the north-west corner of the Western Cape Province of South Africa. The name is thought to be derived from the gnashing of teeth caused by the hard quartz stones as they are traveled over in wagon. The Knersvlakte is succulent karoo and dominated by leaf succulents belonging to the Mesembryanthemaceae and Crassulaceae, with a variety of shrubs spread amongst them. The climate of the region is semi-arid with long dry summers, and rainfall occurring in the winter months.
The white quartz gravel reflects the sunlight, and is not as hot as the darker rocks and soil found in adjacent areas. Because the area is isolated from other areas with abundant quartz stones, there is a high level of endemism in the plants that occur in the Knersvlakte. Many of these plants are small and compact, which is presumably an adaptation to absorb heat as rain occurs in a short and cool winter period.

</doc>
<doc id="20369626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369626" title="Marion W. La Follette">
Marion W. La Follette

Marion W. La Follette (born in Van Nuys, California) is an American politician from California and a member of the Republican party.
Early career.
La Follette began her political career in the '60s as an aide to then Los Angeles Mayor Sam Yorty. In 1969 she won a seat on the Los Angeles Community College Board of Trustees. She was a candidate for state controller in 1974 but lost in the Republican primary. In 1975 she was defeated for reelection to the college board by Ira Reiner, who would later become Los Angeles District Attorney. 
She joined the Los Angeles-based staff of newly elected U.S. Senator SI Hayakawa in 1977 and worked for him until 1980, when she ran for the legislature.
State Assembly.
La Follette won election to the 38th district in the California State Assembly, succeeding fellow Republican Paul V. Priolo. After the 1981 reapportionment, her district shifted entirely into the San Fernando Valley, forcing her to move from her Malibu home to Northidge. 
Early in her first term she authored legislation that would have broken up the Los Angeles Unified School District creating an independent district for the San Fernando Valley. Though the legislation was unsuccessful, the public debate it ignited (on whether the LA district is too large) lasts to this day.
In 1986 La Follette made national headlines when she called for drug tests for California legislators. She also pushed for legislation to enact the death penalty for drug kingpins. 
She left the Assembly in 1990 to care for her ailing husband John Travis and endorsed her top aide, 24 year old Rob Wilcox for the Republican nomination. Wilcox narrowly lost to realtor Paula Boland in the primary.
Post Legislature.
La Follette moved to Newport Beach where her two sons lived. John Travis died in 1991 and she returned to public life in 1992, moving to Thousand Oaks to run for state senate.
State Senate race.
The 19th State Senate District was being vacated by GOP stalwart Ed Davis, who had decided to retire. Davis, a former Los Angeles Police Chief, didn't much like the declared candidate for the seat, state assemblywoman Cathie Wright (whom he dubbed "The peroxide princess of Simi Valley"), so he openly recruited La Follette to run in the GOP primary (a decision Wright said was "out of spite"). Despites Davis' considerable backing, however, La Follette lost to Wright 38% to 33%.
Later years.
After her election loss, La Follette moved back to Newport Beach. She was subsequently appointed to the Orange County Fair Board by Governor Pete Wilson. In the mid '90s La Follette ran an inn in Downeyville, California, which she crediting with saving her life following her husband John Travis's death. She currently splits her time between Newport Beach and Northern California.

</doc>
<doc id="20369634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369634" title="Ngbaka languages">
Ngbaka languages

The dozen Ngbaka languages are a family of Ubangian languages spoken in the Central African Republic and neighboring areas. It includes Pygmy languages such as Baka and Gundi. The most populous Ngbaka languages are Mbaka in the western branch, spoken by a quarter million people, and Mayogo in the eastern branch, spoken by half that number.
Languages.
Per "Ethnologue" 17, the structure of the family is as follows: 
The varieties listed for each of the languages may not be mutually intelligible.

</doc>
<doc id="20369660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369660" title="Minuscule 2423">
Minuscule 2423

Minuscule 2423 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 227 parchment leaves (20.2 cm by 15 cm). Dated paleografically to the 13th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, Pauline epistles with some lacunae. Epistle to the Hebrews is placed between 2 Thessalonians and 1 Timothy. 
The text is written in one column per page, in 27 lines per page.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
History.
The codex now is located in the Kenneth Willis Clark Collection of the Duke University (Gk MS 3) at Durham. 

</doc>
<doc id="20369671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369671" title="Niels Moeller Lund">
Niels Moeller Lund

Niels Moeller Lund (Born, Faaborg, Denmark, 1863 - Died, London, 1916) () was a Danish artist. He grew up in Newcastle-upon-Tyne and studied at the Académie Julian in Paris. He is known for his impressionistic paintings of England, particularly London and the North-East. His most well known painting - "The Heart Of The Empire" - hangs in the Guildhall Art Gallery. It provided inspiration for Frederic Marlett Bell-Smith's painting of the same name, which also depicted Threadneedle Street. Other works of Lund's hang in the Shipley Art Gallery and the Laing Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="20369687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369687" title="Ballads for Bass Clarinet">
Ballads for Bass Clarinet

Ballads for Bass Clarinet is an album by David Murray released on the Japanese DIW label. The album was recorded on October 14–15, 1991, and released in 1993. It features six quartet performances by Murray with Idris Muhammad, John Hicks and Ray Drummond.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20369717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369717" title="Ngbandi language">
Ngbandi language

The Ngbandi language is a dialect continuum of the Ubangian family spoken by a half-million or so people in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Ngbandi proper) and in the Central African Republic (Yakoma and others). It is primarily spoken by the Ngbandi people, who included the dictator of what was then known as Zaire, Mobutu Sese Seko.
Northern Ngbandi is the lexical source of the trade language Sango, which has as many native speakers as Ngbandi and which is used as a second language by millions more in the CAR.
Yakoma, with a central position on the Ubangi River that divides the CAR from the DRC, has a high degree of intelligibility with all other varieties of Ngbandi, though as with any dialect continuum, it does not follow that more distant varieties are necessarily as intelligible with each other as they are with Yakoma.
A variety of Ngbandi called Kazibati and Mongoba may been spoken further east, in the DRC near Uganda, until the late 20th century, but this is uncertain.

</doc>
<doc id="20369748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369748" title="National Nanke International Experimental High School">
National Nanke International Experimental High School

National Nanke International Experimental High School (NNKIEH), situated in the Southern Taiwan Science Park, is a public, co-educational school serving Grades 1 -12. NNKIEH was founded in 2006 in order to ensure a good academic environment for the children of both local Science Park employees as well as foreign high-tech professionals. The school is multi-cultural. Three of the departments are for local Chinese students and adopt the Taiwanese (R.O.C.) national curriculum, while the Bilingual Department serves students in the English-speaking community who seek an American college-preparatory education.
Location: 23°06'25.08" N 120°17'31.33" E
History.
Key milestones in the development of NNKIEH 
Departments.
The school is composed of four departments: three departments using the R.O.C. curriculum(Elementary, Junior High and Senior High School) and one Bilingual department using American college-preparatory courses. School enrollment totals 2174 students.
The three regular departments facilitate a local Mandarin education and adopt the Taiwan (ROC) national curriculum. NNKIEH is accredited by the R.O.C. Ministry of Education and is administered by both the R.O.C. Ministry of Education and the National Science Council. The Bilingual Department is operated as a magnet program.
The Bilingual Department.
The Bilingual Department comprises 93 students from 13 nationalities. The senior class of 2009 comprises three students who will be the first graduates of the NNKIEH Bilingual Department. Bilingual Department parents are employed in tertiary education, the business sector as well as the fields of science and medicine. Eighty-three percent of the Bilingual Department parents have advanced degrees. 
The Bilingual Department faculty is composed of twenty certified, full-time teachers. 70% of faculty have Master’s degrees. Thirteen teachers are Chinese of whom 83% graduated from English-speaking Western universities. Seven teachers are foreign nationals hailing from the USA, Canada,UK, Ireland and South Africa. The student-teacher ratio is 6:1.
Bilingual Department students face demanding instructors and a fully bilingual (English and Mandarin) curriculum. NNKIEH operates on a semester system with a 200 day school year, beginning in late August and dismissing in late June. In addition to the US college-preparatory courses, all students are required to study Chinese, which is taught by native speakers. The intensive, total immersion Chinese program (Levels 1-12）takes students from their entry levels to the highest levels they can attain during the duration of their studies.
The Senior Class of 2009 has also had the opportunity to take the following courses as electives: Drama, Psychology, Spanish I, Spanish II, Art, Politics, AP Economics, AP Statistics and AP Literature and Composition.
The educational experience at NNKIEH is enhanced by its after school program. This year Bilingual Department students have the following co-curricular activities to choose from:
"Arts": Orchestra, Dancing, Guitar, Chinese Calligraphy, Jazz Piano; "Sports Clubs": Archery, Martial Arts, Table Tennis, Tennis, Badminton, Volleyball, Soccer, Baseball; "Recreational Clubs": Movies, Reading, Chess, Scouts; "Academic Clubs": Chemistry, Model United Nations
Update:
As part of the accreditation process for WASC (Western association OF Schools and Colleges) the Bilingual Department has been renamed the International Bilingual School at Tainan Science Park.(See link below)

</doc>
<doc id="20369784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369784" title="Esther Anderson (Australian actress)">
Esther Anderson (Australian actress)

Esther Jackie Anderson (born 13 June 1979) is an Australian actress and model. She is best known for her role as Charlie Buckton on the Australian soap opera "Home and Away". She was nominated for a Gold Logie Award at the 2012 Logies.
Career.
Anderson was a successful model. She was based in Japan for six years and has travelled to Tokyo, Osaka, Hong Kong, Korea and Europe for work. She is signed to Chadwick Models. She has modelled for Patons, a knitting company. Also for Bride, Everybody and Zenzue.
Anderson began her television career in Japan appearing in ads, during which she decided to move back to Melbourne to take acting courses as she wanted to begin acting and presenting. In 2007, Anderson landed a role on the Victorian version of Australian travel show "Postcards". She remained in the role for a year until she had the chance to audition for "Home and Away". Anderson won the role of Charlie Buckton in 2008. She decided to quit the role in 2011 and she filmed her final scenes in August that year.
Anderson later starred in a short film titled "Breathless" playing the role of Jodie, a woman in mourning over her deceased child. In August 2012, it was announced Anderson had landed a role in the pilot of "Siberia", which was filmed in Canada. On 25 November 2012, Debbie Schipp from the "Herald Sun" reported that Anderson would return to "Home and Away" in December to shoot "a handful of episodes" to be broadcast during the following year.
Personal life.
Anderson was in a relationship with fellow "Home and Away" actor Conrad Coleby, from 2008 till 2010, and with footballer Joel Selwood in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20369786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369786" title="Transmission Corporation of Andhra Pradesh">
Transmission Corporation of Andhra Pradesh

APTRANSCO is the Electricity Transmission company of the Government of Andhra Pradesh state in India. It has ceased to do power trading and has retained with powers of controlling system operations of Power Transmission
History.
Government of Andhra Pradesh enacted the AP Electricity REFORMS ACT in 1998.As a sequel the APSEB was unbundled into Andhra Pradesh Power Generation Corporation Limited (APGENCO) & Transmission Corporation of Andhra Pradesh Limited (APTRANSCO) on 01.02.99. APTRANSCO was further unbundled w.e.f. 01.04.2000 into "Transmission Corporation" and four "Distribution Companies" (DISCOMS).
Current Role.
From Feb 1999 to June 2005 APTransco remained as Single buyer in the state -purchasing power from various Generators and selling it to DISCOMs in accordance with the terms and conditions of the individual PPAs at Bulk Supply Tariff (BST) rates. Subsequently, in accordance with the Third Transfer Scheme notified by GoAP, APTransco has ceased to do power trading and has retained with powers of controlling system operations of Power Transmission

</doc>
<doc id="20369811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369811" title="Sorting and assembly machinery">
Sorting and assembly machinery

The outer mitochondrial membrane is made up of two essential proteins, Tom40 and Sam50.
Tom40 is a protein import pore required for the import of precursor proteins across the outer mitochondrial membrane and it makes up part of the translocase of the outer membrane.
Sam50 is a subunit of the sorting and assembly machinery (SAM) of the outer membrane. The sorting and assembly machinery is a protein complex that operates after the translocase of the outer membrane, to mediate insertion of beta barrel proteins into the outer mitochondrial membrane.
Complex components.
The sorting and assembly machinery is made up of three subunits, Sam35, Sam37 and Sam50, of which Sam50 is embedded within the outer mitochondrial membrane. Both Sam35 and Sam37 are located on the cytosolic face of the SAM complex are peripheral membrane proteins that are not essential for survival. Sam35 is believed to bind to substrate proteins, while Sam37 acts after Sam35 to stimulate release of the substrate protein from the SAM complex.
Protein import and integration.
The sorting and assembly machinery is required for the assembly of beta barrel proteins, this includes proteins such as the Tom40 import pore and porin.
Like all mitochondrial proteins, beta barrel proteins are transported into the intermembrane space of mitochondria via the translocase of the outer membrane. Following import, beta barrel proteins are transpoted to the SAM complex by chaperone complexes, formed by assembly of the small Tim proteins. The complex formed by the three sorting and assembly machinery subunits (SAM core complex), is responsible for the integration of beta barrel proteins into the outer mitochondrial membrane.
Mdm10 is another mitochondrial membrane protein that is responsible for maintaining mitochondrial morphology and distribution. It has been found to interact with the SAM core complex and may play a role in assembling Tom40 into the translocase of the outer membrane.

</doc>
<doc id="20369832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369832" title="Husain Ali">
Husain Ali

Husain Ali Ahmed (born 11 February 1982) is a Bahraini football player known as Husain Pele. Currently playing for Muharraq Club of Bahrain and the Bahrain national football team, he was top goalscorer in the Bahraini premier league in 1998 (16) & 2003 (18).

</doc>
<doc id="20369849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369849" title="Lacey A. Collier">
Lacey A. Collier

Lacey A. Collier (born 1935) is an American lawyer and judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida. 
Collier was born in Demopolis, Alabama. He entered the United States Navy at age 20, serving from 1955 to 1975. He graduated with his Bachelor of Arts degree from the Postgraduate School of the United States Naval Academy in 1970 and received a Master of Arts from the University of West Florida in 1972.
After leaving the Navy, Collier received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of West Florida in 1975, and his J.D. from the Florida State University College of Law in 1977. After graduating from law school he served as an assistant state attorney for the First Judicial District from 1977 to 1984. He served as a circuit judge on the First Judicial District from 1984 to 1991.
President George H.W. Bush nominated Collier to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida on July 24, 1991, to a new seat created by 104 Stat. 5089. Confirmed by the Senate on November 15, 1991, he received commission three days later.
Collier assumed senior status on November 20, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20369866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369866" title="Atlanta Braves Radio Network">
Atlanta Braves Radio Network

The Atlanta Braves Radio Network is a 138-station network (97 A.M., 41 F.M. stations + 1 F.M. translator) heard across 10 states & one territory of the Southeastern United States that airs Major League Baseball games of the Atlanta Braves. The flagship stations are WCNN and WNNX in Atlanta, Georgia. The main announcers are Jim Powell and Don Sutton, who alternate between play-by-play and color commentary on each broadcast. Ben Ingram is the pregame/postgame host and occasionally fills in on play-by-play, while Kevin McAlpin serves as a dugout reporter. Former known long-time announcers include Pete van Wieren, Ernie Johnson, Sr. and Skip Caray, the latter two of whom are now deceased. The producer and board operator for Braves Network broadcasts is Brian "Grandma" Giffin.Due to the large geographic span of the Braves' territory, their radio network has the most affiliates of any team in Major League Baseball. The nearest teams to the north of Atlanta are the Cincinnati Reds, Washington Nationals and the Baltimore Orioles. The nearest teams to the west are the St. Louis Cardinals, Houston Astros and Texas Rangers, while the nearest teams to the south are the Tampa Bay Rays and Miami Marlins.

</doc>
<doc id="20369915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369915" title="Ahmed Al Hujairi">
Ahmed Al Hujairi

Ahmed Ebrahim Yusuf Al Hujairi (born February 1, 1978) is a Bahraini footballer. He currently plays for Al-Ahli of Bahrain as well as the Bahrain national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20369931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369931" title="Uncial 0251">
Uncial 0251

Uncial 0251 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the 3 John 12-15 - Epistle of Jude 3-5, on 1 parchment leaf (24 cm by 22 cm). It is written in one column per page, 22 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Louvre (S.N. 121) in Paris. 
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 

</doc>
<doc id="20369961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369961" title="Darren Mougey">
Darren Mougey

Darren Mougey (born April 7, 1985 in Scottsdale, Arizona) is an American football wide receiver for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League. He was signed by the Atlanta Falcons as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at San Diego State.
College career.
2005.
Mougey was recruited by then-head coach Tom Craft as a quarterback out of Arizona, and was rated as a three stars prospect by Rivals.com. During the 2005 season, Mougey replaced starting quarterback Kevin O'Connell.
2007.
The Aztecs wanted to utilize Mougey's superior size and athleticism, so they tried him out at wide receiver. At 6-foot-6 and boasting an impressive knack for catching footballs, he became a starter in his first game as a receiver. He played nine games in 2007, finishing third on the team with 32 catches for 368 yards and scoring two touchdowns. He missed three games due to injury.
2008.
In his senior year in 2008, Mougey was matched with redshirt freshman quarterback Ryan Lindley, and Mougey was expected to be the main target of the young passer. Mougey missed two games, but still managed to improve his production to 34 receptions for 437 yards while scoring five times. He led the team in yards-per-catch average at 12.9 out of players with at least ten catches, and he had a 43-yard reception.
Professional career.
Atlanta Falcons.
Mougey went undrafted in the 2009 NFL Draft. He was signed on the following Monday by the Atlanta Falcons. He was released by the Falcons on August 9.
Arizona Cardinals.
On March 23, 2010, Mougey signed with the Arizona Cardinals.
Mougey now works in player personnel for the Denver Broncos.

</doc>
<doc id="20369964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369964" title="Jouhou">
Jouhou

Jouhou is the second studio album by grindcore band Discordance Axis, released in 1997 as a vinyl LP in a limited pressing by Devour Records. The album was re-released on CD by Hydra Head Records on January 27, 2004. "Flow My Tears, the Policeman Said" is based on the novel of the same name by Phillip K. Dick.
Track listing.
Hydra Head Records CD.
Tracks 21–25 are from a split with Plutocracy; tracks 26–31 are from a split with Melt-Banana; track 32 was recorded live in Tokyo in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20369989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369989" title="Royston's Shorts">
Royston's Shorts

"Royston's Shorts" is a compilation of acclaimed short films by Singaporean filmmaker Royston Tan.

</doc>
<doc id="20369997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20369997" title="Broken Record Prayers">
Broken Record Prayers

Broken Record Prayers is a compilation album by British indie pop band Comet Gain.
It was released in the UK on 28 October 2008 through M.J. "Woodie" Taylor's own label, Milou Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="20370033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370033" title="Love Story (2008 film)">
Love Story (2008 film)

Love Story is a Bengali Movie was released in 2008,directed by Raj Mukherjee, the movie featured Angsuman Parashar, Barsha Priyadarshini.
Plot.
The story is about Saheb and Nandini who are born in the same nursing home on the same day. But circumstances drive Saheb into the home of an untouchable dom who works in a crematorium while Nandini is brought up in an affluent home. By chance, one day Saheb comes to Nandini's house in connection with some painting job. The two fall in love and naturally, Nandini's father is not happy about it at all.

</doc>
<doc id="20370034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370034" title="Saleh Farhan">
Saleh Farhan

Saleh Ahmed Farhan (born January 1, 1981) is a Bahraini footballer currently playing for Al-Riffa of Bahrain and the Bahrain national football team.He is of Syrian descent.

</doc>
<doc id="20370065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370065" title="2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup squads">
2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup squads

This article lists the team squads of the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup. 
Group C.
The squad was announced on 30 October 2011.
Coach: Norio Sasaki

</doc>
<doc id="20370069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370069" title="Sunspot Records">
Sunspot Records

Sunspot Records was a small independent record label from the Washington D.C. area that existed in the early nineties. The Sunspot roster featured bands primarily from the east coast of the U.S.. Several of these bands such as Avail, Shades Apart, 1.6 Band, and Fly (pre Trans-Am) went on to have successful music careers. The label was founded, owned, and operated by Bryan Wassom until it closed shop in 1994. 
Releases.
Sunspot 1: Ordeal 7" ep (500 pressed)
Sunspot 2: Avail 7" ep "Who's To Say...What Stays The Same" (1000 pressed/3 colors vinyl/3 covers)
Sunspot 3: Shades Apart 12"ep "Dude Danger" (1000 pressed) subsequently re-pressed by the band
Sunspot 4: Fly 7" ep (1000 pressed) 
Sunspot 5: 1.6 Band 7" ep "Your Restaurant" (1000 pressed) subsequently re-pressed on Gern Blandsten Records
Sunspot 6: Fine Day 7" (1000 pressed)
Sunspot 7: Groove 7" (1000 pressed)

</doc>
<doc id="20370074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370074" title="Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program">
Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program

The Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program (TLGP) is a program adopted by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) on October 13, 2008 during the global financial crisis of 2008 to encourage liquidity in the interbank lending market.
Several of the stated purposes of this program are (1) "to decrease the cost of bank funding so that bank lending to consumers and businesses will normalize." and (2)
"to strengthen confidence and encourage liquidity in the banking system by guaranteeing newly issued senior unsecured debt of banks, thrifts, and certain holding company, and by providing full coverage of non-interest bearing deposit transaction accounts, regardless of dollar amount."
The TLG Program became effective on October 14, 2008 and was subsequently revised based on bank feedback.
Many FDIC insured entities have chosen to not participate ("opt out") in one or both of these programs.
Interim Rule, Amended Interim Rule, and Final Rule.
The Interim Rule with request for comments was published on October 29, 2008, and provided for a 15 day comment period. The FDIC received more than 700 comments during the 15-day comment period. Later, the FDIC amended its Interim Rule. The Amended Interim Rule became effective on November 4, 2008, and was published in the Federal Register on November 7, 2008.
In its Amended Interim Rule, the FDIC extended the opt-out deadline from November 12, 2008 until December 5, 2008, and made corresponding changes to other dates affected by the revised opt-out deadline. Those that choose to opt out will not be able to participate at a later date. Any debt issued on or before June 30, 2009, will be fully protected through the earlier of the maturity of the debt instrument or June 30, 2012.
The Final Rule was published November 21, 2008. According to the official November 21, 2008 FDIC press release, "We are confident that the changes our Board approved today will create significant investor demand, and dramatically reduce funding costs for eligible banks and bank holding companies," said FDIC Chairman Sheila C. Bair. "I expect that the industry will take full advantage of this guarantee. I'm confident that the program—working in complement with the Treasury's Troubled Assets Relief Program and the Federal Reserve's Commercial Paper Funding Facility —will achieve its intended purpose to help insured banks increase lending—in a responsible way—to consumers and businesses." 
Components.
The Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program, has two primary components: the Debt Guarantee Program, by which the FDIC will guarantee the payment of certain newly issued senior unsecured debt, and the Transaction Account Guarantee Program, by which the FDIC will guarantee certain noninterest-bearing transaction accounts. FDIC insured entities may opt out of either program. [http://www.fdic.gov/regulations/resources/tlgp/optout.html]
Debt Guarantee Program.
The preamble to the Interim Rule explained that the purpose of the Debt Guarantee Program was to provide liquidity to the inter-bank lending market and promote stability in the unsecured funding market and not to encourage innovative, exotic or
complex funding structures or to protect lenders who make risky loans.
The Debt Guarantee Program, as described in the Interim Rule, temporarily would guarantee all newly issued senior unsecured debt up to prescribed limits issued by participating entities on or after October 14, 2008, through and including June 30, 2009. (and thus the program would last approximately six months) The guarantee would not extend beyond June 30, 2012. The Interim Rule explained that, as a result of this guarantee, the unpaid principal and contract interest of an entity’s newly issued senior unsecured debt would be paid by the FDIC if the issuing insured depository institution failed or if a bankruptcy petition were filed by the respective issuing holding company. Over 6000 entities have opted out of this program. DGP Opt-out list (.xls)
The Debt Guarantee Program passed out debt guarantees in excess of $600 billion. yet, unlike the other major agencies bailing out the financial sector during the global financial crisis of 2008—the Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury—the FDIC has never disclosed the identity of all the banks taking advantage of the bailout guarantees. Wilson and Wu (2011) find that the recipients of the FDIC debt guarantees paid their CEOs significantly more than their peers. Thus, bailed out CEOs mad significantly more than bank CEOs not accepting the FDIC's bailout loan guarantees.
Transaction Account Guarantee Program.
The Transaction Account Guarantee Program as described in the Interim Rule, provided for a temporary full guarantee by the FDIC for funds held at FDIC-insured depository institutions in noninterest-bearing transaction accounts above the existing
deposit insurance limit. This coverage became effective on October 14, 2008, and would continue through December 31, 2009. On August 26, 2009, the FDIC extended the Transaction Account Guarantee Program for six months, through June 30, 2010. The guarantee was then extended an additional six months, through December 31, 2010. Thereafter section 343 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act will provide a similar transaction account insurance, from December 31, 2010 through December 31, 2012.
See also.
The Senate on 12/13/12 failed to advance legislation (S. 3637) that would have provided a two-year extension of the Transaction Account Guarantee program, practically guaranteeing that the program will expire as scheduled on Dec. 31.

</doc>
<doc id="20370101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370101" title="Duaij Naser">
Duaij Naser

Duaij Naser Abdulla (born January 18, 1983) is a Bahraini footballer currently playing for Al-Hala of Bahrain and the Bahrain national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20370140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370140" title="Mount Santo Tomas">
Mount Santo Tomas

Mount Santo Tomas is a stratovolcano in the Philippines.
Location.
Mount Santo Tomas is in the municipality of Tuba, Benguet near Baguio City.
Physical features.
Mount Santo Tomas is a stratovolcano with numerous volcanic vents and fissures.
Listings.
Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) lists Mount Santo Tomas as Inactive.
The Global Volcanism Program is uncertain about the last activity of Mount Santo Tomas.
Eruptions.
There was a report of an eruption or "displacement" in the region on January 4, 1641, described as an outburst of water accompanied by an earthquake. January 4, 1641 is the date of the major eruption of Mt Parker volcano in southern Mindanao that impacted much of the Philippines.
There have been no reports since.
Geology.
Rock type is not reported.
Mount Santo Tomas Benguet is close to the auriferous volcanic placements near Baguio, and beside the fault line which occasioned the July 16, 1990 earthquake devastating much of Luzon, and especially Baguio.

</doc>
<doc id="20370151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370151" title="All Stars Project">
All Stars Project

All Stars Project, Inc. (ASP), founded in 1981, is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting youth development through an innovative performance-based model. The ASP creates extracurricular educational and performing arts activities for tens of thousands of poor and minority young people. It sponsors community and experimental theatre, develops leadership training, and pursues volunteer initiatives that build and strengthen communities. The ASP actively promotes supplementary education and the performance-learning model in academic and civic arenas.
Youth Development Programs.
The All Stars Project sponsors four youth development programs for inner-city youth – the All Stars Talent Show Network, the Development School for Youth, Youth Onstage! and the Production of Youth by Youth; and is home of the Castillo Theatre, a community oriented theatre in the heart of New York City, that often puts on plays written by youth.
The All Stars Project’s performing arts and development center on W. 42nd Street in Manhattan serves as its national headquarters. In addition to New York City, the All Stars Project sponsors programs in Chicago, Illinois, Newark, New Jersey, and the San Francisco Bay Area in California. All Stars is also produced by local organizations in Atlanta, Boston, Los Angeles, and internationally in Curaçao and Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
The All Stars Project is a not for profit organization under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code.
Leadership.
Gabrielle L. Kurlander has been the president and CEO of the All Stars Project, Inc. since 1990. An innovative producer, Kurlander has expanded and established the All Stars Project as one of the country’s leading youth development efforts and has raised over $50 million for its performance-based development programs.

</doc>
<doc id="20370177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370177" title="Nephrolenellus">
Nephrolenellus

Nephrolenellus is an extinct genus of trilobite, fossil marine arthropods, of relatively small size (sagittal length of cephalon rarely exceeds 11 mm). Currently two species are attributed to it. "Nephrolenellus" lived at the end of the Lower Cambrian. Species are known from the Great Basin of California, Nevada and Arizona, with one specimen from Canada.
Taxonomy.
"N. geniculatus" may have been a direct descendant of "N. multinodus".
Distribution.
"Nephrolenellus multinodus" occurs in the late Lower Cambrian of California (Toyonian, Pyramid Shale Member, Carrara Formation, Inyo County, 35.8° N, 116.2° W). and of Nevada (Toyonian, Lincoln County; and C-Shale Member, Pioche Formation, Ruin Wash, Chief Range, 37.8° N, 114.6° W).
Description.
As with most early trilobites, "Nephrolenellus" has an only thinly calcified exoskeleton. Although most of the body is rather flat, the frontal lobe (L4) of the central area of the cephalon (or glabella) is raised, but not bulbous, and does not overlap the border at the front in dorsal view. It also has the crescent-shaped eye ridges typical for the earliest trilobites. As part of the Olenellina suborder, "Nephrolenellus" lacks dorsal sutures. Like all other members of the Olenelloidea superfamily, the eye-ridges spring from the back of the frontal lobe (L4) of the glabella. Typically for "Nephrolenellus" the eyeridges are pointing backwards and significantly (45°) outwards (along the tangent between the base and termination). The glabella is strongly hourglass-shaped, very much constricted at the second pair of side lobes (L2). The furrow between the second an third pair of lobes (S2) is transverse or gently convex anteriorly. S3 is pit-like and isolated from furrow defining the glabella (or axial furrow). The spine at the outer backside of the cephalon is longer than the most backward lobe of the glabella (also called occipetal ring or L0), and it is based at point the cephalon is at its widest. The prothorax consist of thirteen segments, and the third segments has enlarged side lobes (or pleural lobes) that each carry trailing spine at the side that is comparable in length to the entire exoskeleton. It lacks the long axial spine where prothorax ends. The portion of the thorax where the pleural lobes are reduced (or opisthothorax) consist of at least 23 segments.

</doc>
<doc id="20370193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370193" title="Papyrus 123">
Papyrus 123

Papyrus 123 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1123, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the First Epistle to the Corinthians.
Description.
To the present day survived only pieces from one leaf. The surviving texts of 1 Corinthians are verses 14:31-34; 15:3-6, they are in a fragmentary condition. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 4th century (INTF).
Recto
Verso
The Greek text of this codex probably is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. It was published by J. David Thomas in 2008.
Location.
The manuscript currently is housed at the Papyrology Rooms of the Sackler Library at Oxford with the shelf number P. Oxy. 4844.

</doc>
<doc id="20370216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370216" title="Hydrogen-cooled turbo generator">
Hydrogen-cooled turbo generator

A hydrogen-cooled turbo generator is a turbo generator with gaseous hydrogen as a coolant. Hydrogen-cooled turbo generators are designed to provide a low-drag atmosphere and cooling for single-shaft and combined-cycle applications in combination with steam turbines. Because of the high thermal conductivity and other favorable properties of hydrogen gas this is the most common type in its field today.
History.
Based on the air-cooled turbo generator, gaseous hydrogen went into service as a coolant in the rotor and the stator in 1937 at Dayton, Ohio, in October by the Dayton Power & Light Co allowing an increase in specific utilization and a 99.0% efficiency.
Design.
The use of gaseous hydrogen as a coolant is based on its properties, namely low density, high specific heat, and the highest thermal conductivity (at 0.168 W/(m·K)) of all gases; it is 7-10 times better at cooling than air. Another advantage of hydrogen is its easy detection by hydrogen sensors. A hydrogen-cooled generator can be significantly smaller, and therefore less expensive, than an air-cooled one. For stator cooling, water can be used.
Helium with a thermal-conductivity of 0.142 W/(m·K) was considered as coolant as well, however its high cost hinders its adoption despite its non-flammability.
Generally, three cooling approaches are used. For generators up to 300 MW, air cooling can be used. Between 250-450 MW hydrogen cooling is employed. For the highest power generators, up to 1800 MW, hydrogen and water cooling is used; the rotor is hydrogen-cooled, the stator windings are made of hollow copper tubes cooled with water circulating through them.
The generators produce high voltage; the choice of voltage depends on the tradeoff between demands to electrical insulation and demands to handling high electric current. For generators up to 40 MVA, the voltage is 6.3 kV; large generators with power above 1000 MW generate voltages up to 27 kV; voltages between 2.3-30 kV are used depending on the size of the generator. The generated power is sent to a nearby step-up transformer, where it is converted to the electric power transmission line voltage (typically between 115 and 1200 kV). 
To control the centrifugal forces at high rotational speeds, the rotor is mounted horizontally and its diameter typically does not exceed 1.25 meter; the required large size of the coils is achieved by their length. The generators operate typically at 3000 rpm for 50 Hz and 3600 rpm for 60 Hz systems for two-pole machines, half of that for four-pole machines.
The turbogenerator contains also a smaller generator producing direct current excitation power for the rotor coil. Older generators used dynamos and slip rings for DC injection to the rotor, but the moving mechanical contacts were subject to wear. Modern generators have the excitation generator on the same shaft as the turbine and main generator; the diodes needed are located directly on the rotor. The excitation current on larger generators can reach 10 kA. The amount of excitation power ranges between 0.5-3% of the generator output power.
The rotor usually contains caps or cage made of nonmagnetic material; its role is to provide a low impedance path for eddy currents which occur when the three phases of the generator are unevenly loaded. In such cases, eddy currents are generated in the rotor, and the resulting Joule heating could in extreme cases destroy the generator.
Hydrogen gas is circulated in a closed loop to remove heat from the active parts then it is cooled by gas-to-water heat exchangers on the stator frame. The working pressure is up to 6 bar. 
An on-line thermal conductivity detector (TCD) analyzer is used with three measuring ranges. The first range (80-100% H2) to monitor the hydrogen purity during normal operation. The second (0-100% H2) and third (0-100% CO2) measuring ranges allow safe opening of the turbines for maintenance.
Hydrogen has very low viscosity, a favorable property for reducing drag losses in the rotor; these losses can be significant, as the rotors have large diameter and high rotational speed. Every reduction in the purity of the hydrogen coolant increases windage losses in the turbine; as air is 14 times more dense than hydrogen, each 1% of air corresponds to about 14% increase of density of the coolant and the associated increase of viscosity and drag. A purity drop from 97 to 95% in a large generator can increase windage losses by 32%; this equals to 685 kW for a 907 MW generator. The windage losses also increase heat losses of the generator and the associated cooling problems.
Operation.
The absence of oxygen in the atmosphere within significantly reduces the damage of the windings insulation by eventual corona discharges; these can be problematic as the generators typically operate at high voltage, often 20 kV.
Seal Oil System.
The bearings have to be leak-tight. A hermetic seal, usually a liquid seal, is employed; a turbine oil at pressure higher than the hydrogen inside is typically used. A metal, e.g. brass, ring is pressed by springs onto the generator shaft, the oil is forced under pressure between the ring and the shaft; part of the oil flows into the hydrogen side of the generator, another part to the air side. The oil entrains a small amount of air; as the oil is recirculated, some of the air is carried over into the generator. This causes a gradual air contamination buildup and requires maintaining hydrogen purity. Scavenging systems are used for this purpose; gas (mixture of entrained air and hydrogen, released from the oil) is collected in the holding tank for the sealing oil, and released into the atmosphere; the hydrogen losses have to be replenished, either from gas cylinders or from on-site hydrogen generators. Degradation of bearings leads to higher oil leaks, which increases the amount of air transferred into the generator; increased oil consumption can be detected by a flow meter associated to each bearing.
Drying.
Presence of water in hydrogen has to be avoided, as it causes deterioration to hydrogen cooling properties, corrosion of the generator parts, arcing in the high voltage windings, and reduces the lifetime of the generator. A desiccant-based dryer is usually included in the gas circulation loop, typically with a moisture probe in the dryer's outlet, sometimes also in its inlet. Presence of moisture is also an indirect evidence for air leaking into the generator compartment. Another option is optimizing the hydrogen scavenging, so the dew point is kept within the generator manufacturer specifications. The water is usually introduced into the generator atmosphere as an impurity in the turbine oil; another route is via leaks in water cooling systems.
Purging.
The flammability limits (4-75% of hydrogen in air at normal temperature, wider at high temperatures), its autoignition temperature at 571°C, its very low minimum ignition energy, and its tendency to form explosive mixtures with air, require provisions to be made for maintaining the hydrogen content within the generator above the upper or below the flammability limit at all times, and other hydrogen safety measures. When filled with hydrogen, overpressure has to be maintained as inlet of air into the generator could cause a dangerous explosion in confined space. The generator enclosure is purged before opening it for maintenance, and before refilling the generator with hydrogen. During shutdown, hydrogen is purged by an inert gas, then the inert gas is replaced by air; the opposite sequence is used before startup. Carbon dioxide or nitrogen can be used for this purpose, as they do not form combustible mixtures with hydrogen and are inexpensive. Gas purity sensors are used to indicate the end of the purging cycle, which shortens the startup and shutdown times and reduces consumption of the purging gas. Carbon dioxide is favored as due to the very high density difference it easily displaces the hydrogen. The Carbon Dioxide is admitted to the bottom of the generator first, pushing the Hydrogen out at the top. Then air is admitted to the top, pushing the Carbon Dioxide out at the bottom. Purging is best done with the generator stopped. If done on barring, the generator fans will mix the gases and greatly increase the time required to achieve purity.
Make-up.
Hydrogen is often produced on-site using a plant consisting of an array of electrolysis cells, compressors and storage vessels. This reduces the need for stored amount of compressed hydrogen and allows storage in lower pressure tanks, with associated safety benefits and lower costs. Some gaseous hydrogen has to be kept for refilling the generator but it can be also generated on-site. 
As technology evolves no materials susceptible to hydrogen embrittlement are used in the generator design. Not adhering to this can lead to equipment failure.

</doc>
<doc id="20370236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370236" title="Europe Asia Business School">
Europe Asia Business School

Europe Asia Business School is a B-School founded by Industrialist and Academicians including Alumni of Harvard and Cambridge Universities. 
The initiative is funded by Venture Capital funds- Intel Capital (the Venture Capital arm of Intel Corp) and Helion Ventures.
Academic Programmes.
The school offers the following academic programmes ;
Under Corporate programmes ;
Unleash The CEO.
Unleash The CEO is an annual event organized pan-India by Europe Asia Business School. This is a young CEO hunt contest held in beginning of every year. The event is structured to test contestants' skills at different simulated stages as in real time career i.e. entering a good organization, then proving oneself to be a successful manager and eventually proving oneself to be a worthy of the CEO role. Different stages of the event include online screening round, business simulation and a case study (written followed by a Group Discussion) designed by Harvard Business Publishing (knowledge partner for the event), an all functional skill test, caselet based press conference and Personal Interview with the jury members (CEOs/CFOs from renowned organizations across the globe).
Following is the detail of the event so far -

</doc>
<doc id="20370283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370283" title="Pride Week 1973">
Pride Week 1973

In late August 1973 Vancouver, along with Toronto, Ottawa, Montreal, Saskatoon and Winnipeg, all held a Gay Pride Week. This was a national celebratory event that included a range of events such as an art festival, a dance, picnic, a screening of a documentary and a Rally for Gay Rights that occurred at around the same time in all the participating cities.
In Vancouver over 300 people attended the arts festival and dance of the first day of the week, and many of them attended the rally on the steps of the courthouse on the following day. The initial events are also said to have been attended by straight onlookers.
The rally on August 25 marked the protest aspect of the otherwise celebratory. The aim of the protest was to “hear something of the growth of the gay movement and to declare their determination to continue the struggle.” In general the week combined elements of commemoration, celebration and protest for further change.
From the Homophile movement into Gay Liberation:
The Pride Week of 1973 marks the shift in Vancouver from the Homophile movement into the Gay Liberation movement. The essence of the Homophile movement is that of assimilation into the general society as well as the creation of hidden network for gays and lesbians to meet one another and form a community. The Gay Liberation movement is more active and aims to achieve change through visibility and protest. Pride Week of 1973 was clearly a visible event aiming for openness and change, it was also the first one of its kind and is therefore a tangible shift of the mentality of the gay rights movement.
This was the first large scale event organized for the purpose of celebrating the community and actively pressing for change, thus it was a watershed event in the progression of Gay Liberation in Vancouver. Other sities, such as Toronto, had previously held similar events. For Vancouver, and others, it was a first.
The First Pride Parade:
The Pride Week of 1973 also marked the emergence of the concept of gay pride and the first Pride Parade like event in Vancouver. The Rally was, although not flamboyantly colourful as Pride Parades are today, a typical Parade of the time. It marked visibility and unity on part of the gay community, it celebrated the difference of the members of the community and aimed to incite change. However, it wasn't until 1978 that the Pride Parade was organized in and of itself.
Due to the collaboration of Toronto, Montreal, Vancouver and the other cities to organize Pride Week together, the event marks the unity, visibility and strength of the movement in Canada. It was a noticeable protest on a country wide basis. Thus this event is significant on a number of different levels, as it represents the shift from the Homophile movement into the Gay Liberation movement, it shows the emergence of the concept of gay pride, and it can also be considered to be the first Pride Parade in Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="20370300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370300" title="Lyonville railway station">
Lyonville railway station

Lyonville Railway Station is a railway station in Lyonville, Victoria, Australia. The station was opened on Wednesday, 17 March 1880, and closed on Monday, 3 July 1978.
There is no longer any track at the station although the previously derelict station building and platform have been restored as a private residence. A restored passenger carriage and guard's van are also located at the station. 
Though the track has been removed, the station area is still zoned as railway land, but under lease for private use.

</doc>
<doc id="20370302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370302" title="Sere languages">
Sere languages

The Sere languages are a family of Ubangian languages, such as Kpala, spoken in South Sudan and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Several are endangered. The most populous Sere language is Ndogo of South Sudan, with about 30,000 speakers.
Languages.
Per "Ethnologue" 16, the structure of the family is as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="20370322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370322" title="Nuevo Leon State Highway 58">
Nuevo Leon State Highway 58

Nuevo Leon State Highway 58 is a two-lane Mexican state highway in Nuevo Leon. The highway connects Morales, Nuevo Leon with El Merendero, Nuevo Leon.

</doc>
<doc id="20370324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370324" title="Mba languages">
Mba languages

The four Mba languages of the Democratic Republic of the Congo form a small family of closely related Ubangian languages. The languages are,
The most populous is Mba itself, with about 40,000 speakers.

</doc>
<doc id="20370327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370327" title="Citibank Australia">
Citibank Australia

Citibank Australia was opened in 1985 and was one of the first foreign banks to be granted a banking license in Australia, besides being one of the largest international banks in the country. With its head office in Sydney, Citibank currently has major centers in Melbourne, Perth, and Brisbane and employs a total of about 1,200 Australians. The parent company, Citigroup, has around a million customers in Australia and New Zealand, along with about 900 local corporate and institutional clients. Stephen Roberts is the Chief Executive Officer.
History.
In 1985, Citibank was granted a banking licence in Australia. In 1999, Diners Club Australia was acquired by Citibank. Citigroup Centre was opened in 2001 in Sydney. In 2002, CitiGold Wealth Management Banking was launched. The next year, Salomon Smith Barney joined up with Citibank Corporate Bank to form the Citigroup Global Corporate and Investment Banking Group. In 2009, following a massive bailout of its parent Citigroup Inc by the US Government in 2008, Citigroup announced in January 2009 that the parent would be separated into "bad bank" Citi Holdings (comprising the bank's brokerage, consumer finance and troubled assets) and Citicorp. Citicorp, the "good bank," will consist of retail banking, business banking and credit cards. Citigroup announced on 27 January 2009 that Michael Corbat, former head of Citigroup's brokerage business, will head Citi Holdings. The US Government is reported to be applying considerable pressure on Citigroup Inc to raise capital and this has led to speculation that smaller foreign units such as Citibank Australia will be sold.
Divisions.
Citibank Australia comprises the consumer group division of its parent company, Citi Australia. The other two divisions of Citi are markets and banking, and wealth management. 
Citibank Australia offers its customers home loans and personal loans, savings accounts, credit cards and insurance. It is also one of the biggest providers of superannuation funds in Australia.
Sponsorship and CSR.
Citibank Australia has various financial education and environmental programs to serve local communities in Australia. Its program Making Cents is geared towards helping parents and teachers instruct children about the basics of money management. Another program funded by Citibank in Australia is Hip Pocket, a workshop for teenagers in Year 10 and 11 which helps them to understand finances and be educated consumers. Finally, Citibank Australia has provided funding for an organization called Learning Links with a program called Counting for Life, which helps children with difficulties in learning math. 
As part of its CSR Citibank Australia has engaged in various initiatives such as reducing its energy use and paper use; supporting companies that use alternative energy, and undertaking research on the impact of climate change on trade and industry. It has become an “Action for Climate Change” partner with Conservation Volunteers Australia, which involves having events for Citibank employees in which they are educated about climate change, opening up opportunities for employees to take part in conservation efforts, and providing funding for tree planting.
Citibank Australia also supports a children’s hospice in New South Wales called Bear Cottage, as well as The Shepherd Centre, a centre for hearing impaired children. It is part of the Australian Business Community Network, which helps public schools through initiatives such as mentoring programs and career fairs.
Citibank Australia is a major sponsor of the Sydney Swans AFL club.

</doc>
<doc id="20370339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370339" title="Astragalus pauperculus">
Astragalus pauperculus

Astragalus pauperculus is an uncommon species of milkvetch known by the common name depauperate milkvetch. It is endemic to northern California, where it is known from the northern Sacramento Valley and the lowest reaches of the Cascade foothills adjacent. It grows in chaparral and vernally wet grassland habitat. This is a very small annual milkvetch which grows in a delicate mat with stems no longer than 10 centimeters. The few leaves are a few centimeters long and are made up of small widely spaced leaflets. The inflorescence bears 2 to 7 flowers which are purple, sometimes with paler colored edges on their petals. Each flower is generally less than a centimeter long. The fruit is a crescent shaped legume pod between one and two centimeters long. 

</doc>
<doc id="20370344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370344" title="Christy Haubegger">
Christy Haubegger

Christy Haubegger (born August 15, 1968) is the founder of "Latina" magazine and a film producer, and has received numerous awards for her work.
Early life.
She was born in Houston, Texas, to a Mexican-American woman and was then adopted by an Anglo couple, David and Ann Haubegger. Haubegger was raised in Bellaire, a middle-class suburb of Houston. Although her parents did not speak Spanish, they strongly encouraged her to learn the language and to explore Mexican culture, and Haubegger was enrolled in a bilingual preschool, continuing to learn Spanish in primary and secondary schools.
She graduated from St. John's School (Texas) in 1986 and then went to college at the University of Texas at Austin. After she received her bachelor of arts degree in philosophy in 1989, Haubegger attended Stanford Law School where she was class president and served as a senior editor of the Stanford Law Review. Haubegger graduated with a juris doctor degree in 1992.
Latina magazine.
Frustrated by a lack of Hispanic role models in the popular media, the then 28-year-old Stanford Law School graduate founded "Latina" in 1996 to appeal to Hispanic-American women like herself. The magazine has reached 250,000 in circulation, was recognized two years in a row on Adweek's "Hot List," and counts some of the world's largest marketers among its advertisers. Haubegger remains a member of the Board for Latina Media Ventures, "Latina"'s parent company.
Haubegger has received numerous accolades and recognition for her pioneering work in marketing and media. She has been recognized as one of Advertising Age's "Women to Watch" and was inducted into the American Advertising Federation Hall of Achievement for her work in raising the awareness and understanding of the U.S. Hispanic market.
In January 2001, Newsweek named her one of the "Women of the New Century." She has been interviewed and profiled by a number of major media outlets including the Today Show, NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw, The New York Times, CNN, and others.
Film production.
More recently she has brought her media and marketing expertise to the big screen, having served as associate producer on 20th Century Fox's "Chasing Papi" and an executive producer of Columbia Pictures' "Spanglish".

</doc>
<doc id="20370361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370361" title="Christian Family Movement">
Christian Family Movement

The Christian Family Movement (CFM) is a national movement of parish small groups of Catholics and their families who meet in one another’s homes or in parish centers to reinforce Christian values and encourage other fellow Christian parents through active involvement with others. Its mission is "to promote Christ-centered marriage and family life; to help individuals and their families to live the Christian faith in everyday life; and to improve society through actions of love, service, education and example." CFM action groups contain five to seven families and the adults meet one or two nights each month in each other's houses.
At meetings, the members of CFM practice the Observe - Judge - Act method, usually guided by the various programs provided by the CFM USA National Office. The members discuss what they have observed in their family or neighborhood and then judge what they have observed by the standards of the life and teachings of Jesus. After these discussions, they commit to actions that will positively affect their communities, in either big or small ways. This method has led to action in such areas as “foster-parenting, prison ministry, refugee sponsorship, religious education and couple counseling”.
Joseph Cardijn, the founder of the Young Christian Workers Movement in Belgium, was the originator of the Observe Judge Act method(also known as the Jocist Method).
History.
The first CFM groups began in the early 1940s in South Bend, Indiana and Chicago, Illinois. Burnie Bauer and his wife Helene formed a Young Christian Students group in 1940. They began to include couples into their group where they used the Jocist Method (observe/judge/act) to help young married couples with their problems trying to focus on having a Christ-centered marriage. Pat Crowley and six other men began to meet in a law office in Chicago in February 1942 to discuss the laymen’s role in the church community. Using the Jocist Method they began to focus their discussions on the relationship of husband and wife in relation to the church. The group hosted a day of husband and wife recollection in 1943 that marks the start of the Cana Conference. The wives of these men began to form a group that birthed the Pre-Cana Conference (the Catholic Church’s conference for engaged couples). The Christian Family Movement was born when Burnie and Helene Bauer and Pat and Patty Crowley met each other at the Cana Conference in August 1948.
The Christian Family Movement had its first national seminar in June 1949 where it was represented by 59 delegates from 11 different cities. Pat and Patty Crowley were first elected to be the Executive Secretary Couple where they led the movement for the next 20 years. CFM had become a nation-wide movement. This was shown through its first publication (ACT), its official recognition by the church, and the way that CFM groups from other cities were able to communicate with each other. The first CFM program was called For Happier Families and was dispersed to over 2,500 groups within the span of a year.
The CFM moved through the country at a fast pace in the 1950s. In the 1960s CFM even caused the formation of such new organizations as the Foundation for International Cooperation (FIC) and the Christian Family Mission Vacation. The next big move of CFM was the formation of the International Confederation of Christian Family Movements (ICCFM) in 1966 which placed CFM in over 50 nations.
CFM members in 1975 wrote and tested a family centered drug awareness campaign that was published by the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. They also worked together on the U.S. Bishop’s Call the Action manuscript about the “Family”. Members became joined in with the White House Conference on Families and were able to present eight position papers in 1979 and 1980. CFM and ICCFM contributed to Pope John Paul II’s council on issues dealing with the family. 
The Changing Movement.
The Christian Family Movement in the USA, while still existent and active, has fewer English speaking members than in decades past, but the growth in the CFM in the Spanish Catholic community is robust.
The Christian Family Movement in North America consists of three movements: CFM-USA www.cfm.org (English), MFCC-USA www.mfccusa.com (Spanish) and MFC-Los Angeles www.mfclosangeles.org (Spanish). All three are members of the International Confederation of Christian Family Movements (ICCFM), which has members in 48 countries and 4 continents, with over 90,000 families, clergy, and religious.
The three US organizations reflect the increasingly multi-cultural and multi-lingual American Church. Although they are in North America, the MFCs of Mexico and Central America are associated with Latin America MFC. 
Over the years, the decline in membership in CFM-USA reflects the larger changes happening in the U.S. Catholic Church, particularly during the 1960s and 1970s. According to Tim Unsworth from the National Catholic Reporter, the factors contributing to the decline in CFM include the reconfirmation of the Church's prohibition on artificial birth control in "Humanae Vitae", the integration of upper-class neighborhoods, the increased amount of women in the working world, the increase in car travel changing parish boundaries, and the increased use of Catholic schools causing parents to be unable to see the need for having parental conversations with other adults outside of their spouse.
The decline of the CFM can be measured throughout the years by the declining number of families involved. Robert McClory explained in his book review of "Disturbing the Peace: A History of the Christian Family Movement" that "after 1964 the movement shrank: from a high of 50,000 couples in the United States and Canada to 32,000 in 1967, to 16,000 in 1968, to 4,313 in 1974, to an all time low of 1,100 couples in 1980".
Responding to the U.S. Catholic Bishops' call that the 1980s be the Decade of the Family, CFM supplemented its annual program with special publications for teens, widows, families in crisis, families affected by divorce and separation, and middle-years families. In 1987, CFM contributed to the U.S. Bishops' preparation for the synod in Rome on the Vocation and Mission of the Laity in the Church and in the World. Six years later, CFM again offered input to the U.S. bishops for their 1994 pastoral letter, "Follow the Way of Love". CFM's work to enhance the quality of Christian family life has been recognized by the National Association of Catholic Family Life Ministers (NACFLM) and it received a Circles of Peace Award from the Families Against Violence Advocacy Network (FAVAN) in 1999.
Starting in 1994, CFM published a column called “Taking the Time to Make a Difference", written by Paul Leingang, that has received several awards for excellence in spirituality from the Catholic Press Association of the United States and Canada. In 1999 CFM celebrated its 50 year anniversary and was awarded the Salt and Light Award by the Hillenbrand Institute.
More recently, CFM participated in the Pontifical Council for the Family in 2009 and the Marriage Summit of Catholic Family Life Organizations, which was organized by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops in 2012.
Leadership.
The first national presidents were Pat and Patty Crowley from 1949 to 1968. Other presidents have been Ray and Dorothy Maldoon (1968–1977), Bob and Irene Tomonto (1977–1981), Gary and Kay Aitchison (1981–1985), Wayne and Sue Hamilton (1985–1989), Peter and Carolyn Broeren (1989–1993), Paul and Jane Leingang (1993–1997), Chuck and Jan Rogers (1997–2001), Peter and Jane Buchbauer (2001–2005), John and Lauri Przybysz (2005-2009), Bob and Anne Tomanto (2009-2013), and the current presidents Tom and Mary Kay Halpin. 
Mission statement.
The Mission Statement of CFM, taken directly from its website, was adopted by its Board of Directors on March 10, 2002. “The mission of the Christian Family Movement is to promote Christ-centered marriage and family life; to help individuals and their families to live the Christian faith in everyday life; and to improve society through actions of love, service, education and example”. CFM also uses the Bible verse James 1:22 -- Be doers of the word, and not merely hearers -- to help portray its mission to its fellow Christians.
Anthony M. Pilla, Bishop of Cleveland, explained the mission of CFM best when he addressed the Christian Family Movement on August 5, 1995.
"The Church speaks clearly of the duties of family members to one another that build a radiant faith. . . . But the Church doesn't stop there; it also speaks of the relationship between families and the larger culture, the duty of service, working for the common good, welcoming strangers, and giving voice to the Christian conscience. That is the message; you are the messenger". - Anthony M. Pilla
Goals.
The Christian Family Movement website has 6 recorded goals for their members to strive to accomplish: 
1) to develop a consciousness (both a family and a social consciousness) based on Christian principles and examples; 
2) to develop responsible, concerned and happy families that are part of a supportive and affirming network of families within every community who will individually and collectively reach out to others in need; 
3) to offer opportunities for families to grow in their personal relationships with one another as well as with their friends, neighbors and co-workers; 
4)to develop a caring society that not only recognizes, but actively supports family life; 
5) to initiate and encourage research on the actual needs of Christian families; 
and 6) to continue to foster the international spirit of the Christian Family Movement.
The Symbol.
The movement has a symbol that is made up of four different parts. They are the ancient signs for man, woman, and child joined together with the Christian symbol for Christ. The symbol is supposed to form a single unit that shows the most basic characteristics of the Christian Family.
Christ – covering the top of the whole symbol is the symbol for Christ; this is the "Chi Rho", which is said to hold the family together and supposed to be the center of family life.
Man – shown lifting his arms to God, it represents a strong tower, being the total embodiment of the head of the family.
Woman – shown reaching toward the earth, which enhances her similarity to the earth in her ability to give birth.
Child - the circle is a sign of life that shows the closeness of the power of man and woman to God's power of creation.
The Catholic Family and Lay Ministry.
During the early years of the movement (1948-1956), CFM received some criticism because it did not fall squarely under the clerical authority of the American bishops as a whole. In particular, Father Edgar Schmiedeler, director of the National Catholic Welfare Council (NCWC), which later became the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, also accused the lay movement of carrying out the ministerial work that he saw as the rightful work of the Family Life Bureau, which was under the direction of the NCWC. Still, CFM had the approval of Samuel Cardinal Stitch, of the Archdiocese of Chicago, the founding diocese of CFM. While CFM and the FLB had many of the same goals and was part of the same apostolate, Schmiedeler argued that the American Bishops had not given it official approval. In the days before the second Vatican Council, such approval was difficult to receive, in part because of differing views on jurisdictions; Kathryn Johnson notes that "the NCWC had been set up as an advisory conference" and that "bishops proved unwilling to tread on one another's individual diocesan decisions. In addition, this early conflict between CFM and the FLB was complicated by the larger changes and questions about the role of the laity in the Catholic Church, some of which were addressed during the Second Vatican Council. Individual groups would have priests serve as spiritual directors, for example, but these chaplains would struggle with how to balance the responsibility for overseeing the group's actions with a desire to allow the group to be driven by the initiative of its lay members. As one priest noted, "Clerical domination will bring movement to a grinding halt. Later leaders of the NCWC and other church officials of the time, while still insisting that clear lines of authority should be maintained, admitted the grass-roots movement's benefits and felt that the conflicts between the FLB and lay movements, including CFM and the Cana Conference could have been handled better. Archbishop Patrick O'Brien, of the Archdiocese of Washington decided that the FLB could not take on CFM's active ministries, stating that it was "not equipped to go into the active field-- was lacking the personnel of the right kind and the sufficient number." 
Other groups like CFM, including the Young Christian Workers, the Grail Movement, and the Sister Formation Conference, prompted Catholics and the Church as a whole to reevaluate the way that the laity could play an active role in ministry:
"The grassroots of CFM--the emphasis on small groups of committed Catholics working to change society--helped to construct an American Catholic identity for suburban, middle-class Catholics that depended in large measure on their own decision-making abilities".
-Kathryn Johnson, from "An Effort was Made to Get Good Will: Changing Views on CFM"
Further reading.
<http://find.galegroup.com.libproxy.lib.unc.edu/itx/start.do?prodId=AONE>.

</doc>
<doc id="20370375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370375" title="Margaret of Savoy, Countess of Saint-Pol">
Margaret of Savoy, Countess of Saint-Pol

Margaret of Savoy (April 1439 – 9 March 1483), also known as Marguerite de Savoie or Margherita di Savoia, was the eldest surviving daughter of Louis, Duke of Savoy. She was the wife of Margrave John IV of Montferrat and later the wife of Pierre II de Luxembourg, Count of Saint-Pol, of Brienne, de Ligny, Marle and Soissons. Margaret's numerous descendants included Mary, Queen of Scots, and King Henry IV of France.
Family and lineage.
Margaret was born in April 1439 in Turin, Italy, the eldest surviving daughter and one of the nineteen children of Louis, Duke of Savoy (21 February 1402 – 29 January 1465) and Anne de Lusignan, Princess of Cyprus (24 September 1418 – 11 November 1462). Her paternal grandparents were Amadeus VIII of Savoy, who was also the Antipope Felix V, and Mary of Burgundy, and her maternal grandparents were King Janus de Lusignan of Cyprus and Armenia and Charlotte de Bourbon-La Marche. Her many siblings included Amadeus IX of Savoy, who married Yolande of Valois, Philip II, Duke of Savoy (5 February 1438 – 7 November 1497), who married firstly Marguerite de Bourbon, and secondly Claude de Brosse, Louis of Savoy, Count of Geneva who married Queen Charlotte of Cyprus (28 June 1444 – 16 July 1487), Charlotte of Savoy, Queen consort of King Louis XI of France, Bona of Savoy, second wife of Galeazzo Maria Sforza, Duke of Milan, and Marie of Savoy (20 March 1448- 1475), who married, as his second wife, Margaret's father-in-law, Louis of Luxembourg, Count of Saint- Pol, Constable of France.
Marriages and issue.
In December 1458 at Casale, she married her first husband, John IV, Margrave of Montferrat (24 June 1413 – 19 January 1464), the son of John Jacob of Montferrat and Joan of Savoy. He was a condottiere for the Republic of Venice during the Wars in Lombardy which were a series of conflicts fought between Venice and Milan, and their various allies.
Margaret brought a dowry of 100,000 scudi, and in return received Trino, Morano, Borgo San Martino, and Mombaruzzo. The marriage was childless, although he fathered several illegitimate children. He died on 19 January 1464, leaving her a widow at the age of twenty-five.
Two and a half years later, on 12 July 1466, Margaret married her second husband, Pierre II de Luxembourg, Count of Saint-Pol, of Brienne, de Ligny, Marle and Soissons (1440- 25 October 1482), the second eldest son of Louis of Luxembourg, Count of Saint-Pol, of Brienne, Conversano, and de Ligny, Constable of France, and Jeanne de Bar, Countess of Marle and Soissons. The marriage produced five children:
Death.
Margaret died at Bruges on 9 March 1483, less than six months after her husband Pierre, and she was buried at the Abbey of Happlaincourt. Margaret was survived by her two daughters, Marie and Françoise, her three sons having died in early infancy.

</doc>
<doc id="20370377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370377" title="David Sobrepeña">
David Sobrepeña

David Sobrepeña (born November 25, 1932) is president of the Union College of Laguna. He was born to Bishop Enrique Sobrepeña and Petra Sobrepeña (née Aguinaldo). He is a native of La Union, a northern province in the Philippines. He succeeded his mother as president of the Union College; she occupied the position upon the demise of his father, the College founder.
Education and early career.
He attended Silliman University, received his A.B from the Union College of Laguna in 1952). He then received a Master's in Divinity from Union Theological Seminary for Theological Studies (1952), Hartford Seminary Foundation in Connecticut in 1955, a Master’s in Higher Education from the University of Michigan in 1968, and a PhD in Economics of Education from the same university in 1971.
During his career, he was a Youth Director for the Philippine Federation of Christian Churches (1952–1962), General Secretary for the Student Christian Movement (1962–1965), Chaplain at the Philippine Christian College (now known as the Philippine Christian University) (1955–1966), Administrative Pastor at the National City United Church in Quezon City (1972). During most of this time. he also served as Protestant Chaplain at the Diliman Campus of the University of the Philippines and Pastor at the Church of the Risen Lord at the same campus (1955–1966). From 1988 to 2000, he was Senior Minister of the Bishop Sobrepeña Memoral Church, which is also known as nion College Christian Community (UCCC)
Presidency of the College.
On November 2, 1979, he became President of the Union College of Laguna.
During his tenure, the College established the Work Scholarship program, a School of Integrated Preparatory Studies, and the Global Careers Center. It also undertook major renovations and expansion projects including a new College chapel. In 2004, the College was accredited by the Philippine Association of Christian Universities Commission on Accreditation (PACUCOA).

</doc>
<doc id="20370386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370386" title="Bronson (film)">
Bronson (film)

Bronson is a 2008 British fictionalised biographical psychological drama film co-written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn and starring Tom Hardy. The film follows the life of notorious prisoner Michael Gordon Peterson, who was renamed Charles Bronson by his fight promoter. Born into a respectable middle-class family, Peterson would nevertheless become one of the United Kingdom's most dangerous criminals, and is known for having spent almost his entire adult life in solitary confinement. "Bronson" is narrated with humour, blurring the line between comedy and horror.
Plot.
The film begins with Bronson introducing himself to the camera, stating he always wanted to be famous. He cannot sing, he cannot act, and so he shows the calling he found: the film cuts to a naked Bronson fighting several prison guards in a cage. The film then presents several assorted points from his life, intercut with Bronson on stage before an audience in several stages of performance make-up, and speaking directly to camera while seemingly behind bars.
Michael Peterson is shown as a baby, and then as a young boy involved in fights with pupils and a teacher at school using a desk as a weapon. He had his first job at a chip shop, where he committed his first crime, stealing money from the cash register and giving some of the money and a kiss to a young woman who was working there. He then goes on to marry the woman, Irene, and has a baby with her.
Peterson goes to jail after robbing a post office and getting away with a small amount of cash. Peterson thrives in prison, comparing it to a hotel room, and every night he displays violent behaviour towards the guards, which causes the other inmates to treat him like a star. The authorities send him to a series of different prisons in hope that one of them will be able to handle him, but nothing seems to help. Eventually he is sent to Rampton Secure Hospital, where he is injected with high doses of sedative drugs every time he tries to start a fight. A man approaches Peterson while he is being subdued with drugs and seems to be sympathetic to Peterson. This soon changes as the man, John White, reveals that he is a paedophile and suggests that he and Peterson should rape a nine-year-old girl. The furious Peterson expresses aggressive hate towards the man, but is unable to do anything against him. In an attempt to gain notoriety again, he finally tries to strangle the paedophile after pretending to be calm for several days. Because of this he is sent to the high-security psychiatric hospital, Broadmoor, where he starts a large-scale riot. News footage from the actual event shows Peterson up on the roof, thus being branded "Her Majesty's most expensive prisoner" but is released back into the general population.
While on parole and living with his uncle in Luton, he becomes involved in bareknuckle boxing and human baiting and changes his name to Charles "Charlie" Bronson, after the famous actor. This career ends quickly after he falls in love with a woman, steals an engagement ring, proposes to her and is arrested for robbery. He was out of prison for only 69 days.
Back in prison, he is once again involved in several fights with guards, thus extending his sentence. The character of his violent outbursts starts to become more sophisticated. At one event he holds a prison officer hostage before stripping naked and covering himself in butter to fight the riot officers. The governor tells him: "If you continue this, you will die here." He becomes interested in art, which the prison officials think is a good way to develop his interacting skills with other human beings. Eventually this project gets out of hand when Bronson holds his art teacher hostage, strips naked, ties the teacher to a pole, puts an apple in his mouth, and paints the hostage's face, before the governor sends in the guards who, by superior numbers, detain Bronson.
The film closes by telling us that Charles Bronson has not been granted a release date, and he is seen badly beaten, his chin torn, groaning, in what is effectively a cage coffin in the centre of a large, dark room.
Production.
For his role in the movie, Hardy had telephone conversations with the real Charles Bronson, before meeting him in person. During their meetings Bronson was so impressed by how Hardy had managed to build up his physique for the role and how good he was at imitating him that he shaved off his trademark moustache so that it could be made into a loose-moustache for Hardy to use in the film. The movie was filmed in and around the St. Ann's, Sherwood, Worksop and Welbeck Abbey areas of Nottingham and Nottinghamshire. The post office shown at the beginning of the film is located in Lostwithiel, Cornwall.
Director Nicolas Winding Refn was not permitted to visit Bronson in prison because he is not from Britain. He was only allowed two phone calls with him.
Reception.
Box office.
"Bronson" opened in 109 cinemas on the weekend of 20–22 March 2009 taking a total of £276,072 from its UK box office release. It was released to the North American market on 9 October 2009 grossing $104,979
Critical response.
Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a "Certified Fresh" score of 78% based on reviews from 76 critics, with an average rating of 6.6/10.
Metacritic gives the film a "generally favourable" average score of 71% based on reviews from 22 critics.
Charles Bronson was not initially allowed to view the film, but has said that if his mum liked it he is sure he would as well. According to Nicolas Winding Refn's commentary track on the DVD his mother said she loved it. On 15 November 2011, he was granted permission to view it. Describing it as "theatrical, creative, and brilliant", Bronson heaped praise upon his portrayer, Hardy, but disagreed on the implied distance between himself and his father and the portrayal of Paul Edmunds as "a bit of a ponce." Nevertheless, he challenged his own family's reaction to the portrayal of his Uncle Jack, stating that he "loved" it, as would Jack himself. Bronson had been originally displeased with the choice of Hardy, but after their first physical meeting, Hardy assured him that he would "fix it." As proven, Bronson's development in trust in Hardy's acting grew, even describing him as "Britain's No. 1 actor."

</doc>
<doc id="20370392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370392" title="Reteče">
Reteče

Reteče (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to John the Evangelist. It was first mentioned in documents from 1501, but was rebuilt a number of times.

</doc>
<doc id="20370396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370396" title="Fern Hill railway station">
Fern Hill railway station

Fern Hill railway station on the Daylesford railway line in Victoria, Australia was opened on Monday, 16 February 1880, and closed on Monday, 3 July 1978. 
Very little remains of the former Fern Hill Station. The former station building was burnt down and most of the area is overgrown. A row of cypress trees marks the road off James Lane leading to the station site, and the platform remains can still be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="20370404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370404" title="Yeaw v. Boy Scouts of America">
Yeaw v. Boy Scouts of America

Yeaw v. Boy Scouts of America was a high-profile case before the Supreme Court of California to determine whether the Boy Scouts of America is a business establishment within the meaning of the Unruh Civil Rights Act (Civ. Code, § 51) and has the right to exclude girls from membership.
Background.
Katrina Yeaw attempted to join her twin brother Daniel's Boy Scout Troop No. 349 in the Golden Empire Council in her hometown of Rocklin, California. When she was rejected due to the fact she is a female, she filed suit against the Boy Scouts of America, accusing them of discrimination.
Case.
In 1995, Katrina Yeaw brought action through James Yeaw, her father and guardian "ad litem", against the Boy Scouts of America and the Golden Empire Council. She was represented by activist attorney Gloria Allred. Katrina alleged (as in the Curran v. Mount Diablo Council of the Boy Scouts of America, 17 Cal. 4th 670 and Randall v. Orange County Council, 17 Cal. 4th 736) that the BSA is a business establishment within the meaning of California's Civil Code section 51 and engaged in prohibited discrimination by excluding girls from membership.
BSA moved to have the case dismissed but Allred sought a preliminary injunction stopping BSA from refusing to admit Katrina to membership in her brother's troop. In 1996, the case went to trial before Sacramento Superior Court Judge John Lewis. After hearing arguments, Judge Lewis denied the preliminary injunction. Judge Lewis noted in his ruling that Katrina was denied admission into a troop and therefore the troop is the appropriate entity upon which to focus in addressing plaintiffs arguments under the act. Relying principally on the California Supreme Court decision in Warfield (Warfield v. Peninsula Golf & Country Club (1995) 10 Cal. 4th 594), Judge Lewis found that a Scout troop is not a business establishment. Judge Lewis maintained that the BSA is a membership organization whose benefits derive primarily from the interpersonal associations among its members.
Allred appealed Judge Lewis' decision to the Third District Court of Appeal. In 1997, the Court of Appeal upheld Judge Lewis' decision. Finally, Allred appealed the decision to the California Supreme Court. In a brief order, the California Supreme Court announced that it would consider Katrina's appeal. However, the Court deferred hearing the appeal until a decision was reached in both the Curran and Randall cases, both of which were pending before the Court at the time.
In March 1998, the California Supreme Court ruled in the Curran and Randall cases that the Boy Scouts of America is not a business establishment, as defined in the Unruh Act, and therefore can therefore set its own membership criteria. Katrina's lawsuit was in effect "finished" by the decision, according to Allred. A few months later, Katrina withdrew her appeal. However, she vowed to keep fighting, claiming: "I was born a girl, and no matter what else I do with my life, that’s what it all comes down to–being a girl. Being born a boy or a girl is not something you can change, but maybe we can still change the laws that make it legal to discriminate against girls."

</doc>
<doc id="20370416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370416" title="Oxford Handbooks of Political Science">
Oxford Handbooks of Political Science

The Oxford Handbooks of Political Science is a ten-volume set of reference books which provide critical overviews of the state of political science. Each volume focuses on a particular political science topic, with volumes on Political Methodology, Public Policy, Political Theory, Political Economy, Comparative Politics, Contextual Political Analysis, International Relations, Law and Politics, Political Behavior, and Political Institutions. The general editor of the series is Robert E. Goodin.

</doc>
<doc id="20370418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370418" title="Thai Bank Museum">
Thai Bank Museum

The Thai Bank Museum (Thailand) was established by Siam Commercial Bank with the objective of gathering and collecting documents and tools that demonstrate the evolution and development of the country's financial and banking systems. It exhibits historical financial and banking artifacts and serves as an academic research location for the next generation of scholars.
The museum was inaugurated at Siam Commercial Bank's Talad Noi Branch in 1983. It later moved to the Bank's Ratchayothin headquarters in Chatuchak District, Bangkok, with the official opening ceremony held at the in-house Thai Bank Museum building on January 29, 1996. The museum was later refurbished on the Bank’s centennial anniversary, with Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn making an official visit on January 30, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20370429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370429" title="Rovte v Selški Dolini">
Rovte v Selški Dolini

Rovte v Selški Dolini (; , in older sources also "Rovte pri Svetem Lenartu", ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Rovte" to "Rovte v Selški dolini" (literally, 'Rovte in the Selca Valley') in 1955. In the 19th century the German name was "Rovte bei Sankt Leonhard" (literally, 'Rovte near Sveti Lenart').

</doc>
<doc id="20370440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370440" title="Catone in Utica">
Catone in Utica

Catone in Utica () is an opera libretto by Metastasio, that was originally written for Leonardo Vinci's 1728 opera. Following Vinci's success, the work was used by numerous baroque and classical composers for their own operas, including Antonio Vivaldi and J. C. Bach among several others.
History.
"Catone in Utica" was the first opera that Metastasio wrote for the Roman public, and it was received with mixed feelings. Although audiences in Naples had previously accepted Dido’s disappearance among the flames during the last spectacular moments of "Didone abbandonata", Roman critics were not as gullible with a fantastical plot that included the mortally wounded Cato slowly dying across the last two scenes of the opera. Audiences and citics also objected to the secret pathway scene being played in a disused sewer. Being sensitive to critical response, Metastasio altered the second half of his third act. In the second version, first set by Leonardo Leo for Venice in 1729, Cato’s death is simply reported, and all that remains of the acquedotti antichi of the secret pathway scene is the entrance, to which a fountain of Isis and its surrounding trees create a visual diversion. Metastasio clearly regarded both versions of this drama as authentic, although most composers preferred the revision. In a setting by Giovanni Ferrandini, "Catone in Utica" opened the Cuvilliés theatre in Munich in 1753, and for J. C. Bach his setting for the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples (1761) was to become his most widely performed opera. The libretto also proved to be a popular success for composer Niccolò Piccinni in 1770, at the Hoftheater in Mannheim.

</doc>
<doc id="20370443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370443" title="European Club Cup of Champions">
European Club Cup of Champions

The European Club Cup of Champions, often known as the European Cup or CEEE, was a table tennis competition for European club teams. It was organized by the European Table Tennis Union (ETTU) annually for men's and women's teams. It was first held in session 1960/61 for the men's competition, and the women's competition three years later. However, the competition was replaced by the present European Champions League for the men's and women's competition in session 2001/02 and 2005/06 respectively.
Format.
The competition was contested by the current national champion team of ETTU member associations of each season. In the 1960/61 season, the first competition for men was held and three years later there was also the women's competition. Since 1994/95, the "best of three" format was replaced, rather the new format that if a team won both the home and away match then it won the game. If each team won for a match, then a decision game would be played.
In the session 1998/99, a new competition of different format, named "European Champions League", was held for the men's competition. The success of the Champions League called for the discontinuation of the Men's European Cup in 2001/02, after three years' co-existence, and ultimately replaced the women's competition as well in session 2005/06.
Results.
In the early years, the competitions were mostly dominated by the Eastern European teams, in the men's competition until the late 1970s, and in the ladies - especially by the Hungarian club Statisztika Budapest - by the end of the 1980s. This led to the promotion of table tennis in the Eastern Europe, where players had the best training facilities and good coaches available. Later on, Western European teams won more frequently, especially the German teams. This shift is owing to the growing professionalization in the sports and the sponsorship obtained in those ciountries, thus attracting some top foreign players playing for the Western European clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="20370481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370481" title="John Fawkner College">
John Fawkner College

John Fawkner College (formerly Fawkner Secondary College) is a public co-educational secondary school located in Fawkner, Victoria, Australia. In 2009 the school has approximately 400 students from Year 7 to year 12.
John Fawkner College is recognised for its innovative approaches to teaching and learning achieving recognition in 2009 for all of the previous year's VCE graduates successfully engaged in further education, training or work. The school emphasises building character and provides for students to discuss the full range of opportunities and pathways before undertaking studies in VCE, VCAL or VET leading to university, vocational education or trade based apprenticeships and training.
In 2008 the College received $1.1million funding from the State Government, Moreland City Council and the Department of Education for upgrading its soccer facilities with a new FIFA-accredited synthetic soccer pitch. Soccer is very popular in the school with all students having the opportunity to join the school Soccer Academy.
In 2009 John Fawkner College was granted 3 million dollars alongside Box Forest College to change and better the schools image. the changes include a new name, a new logo, new uniform and a large complex that will contain six new classes with state-of-the-art technology.
History.
Fawkner Secondary College opened its doors in 1956. In 2006 the school celebrated its 50th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="20370483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370483" title="Staniše">
Staniše

Staniše (; in older sources also "Stanišče", ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20370486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370486" title="Biorheology">
Biorheology

Biorheology is the study of flow properties(rheology) of biological fluids. The term was first proposed by Alfred L. Copley, a German-American medical scientist, at the first International Congress on Rheology in 1948.
Objectives and study domains.
Biorheological research aims to determine and characterize the dynamics of physiological processes at all levels of biological organization, and the inter-relationships between rheological properties of various biological systems. Biorheological studies can include both animal and plant systems, and can be in broad contexts like the rheology of macromolecules and macromolecular arrays, or in narrower contexts like the rheology in cells, tissues or organs. 
Practical use.
The biorheological approach applies in particular to molecular studies where changes of physical properties and conformation are investigated without reference to how the process actually takes place. Biorheological analyses include study of pathological processes through clinical research in the related fields of hemodynamics and hemorheology, and may have clinical implications in aiding the treatment of specific diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="20370487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370487" title="Patrick Teehan">
Patrick Teehan

Patrick J. Teehan (14 April 1904 – 25 December 1985) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician, auctioneer and farmer. He was elected to Seanad Éireann on the Administrative Panel at the 1951 election, and was re-elected to the Seanad in 1954 and 1957. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Carlow–Kilkenny constituency at the 1960 by-election caused by the death of Joseph Hughes of Fine Gael. He lost his Dáil seat at the 1961 general election. He was again elected to the Seanad on the Administrative Panel at the 1965 election but lost his Seanad seat at the 1969 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20370489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370489" title="Cherise Roberts">
Cherise Roberts

Cherise Roberts (born 16 December 1982) is a British singer-songwriter who is a member of dance-pop duo Cherise & Nadia AKA Booty Luv. She is also a former member of the hip hop group Big Brovaz She has been with both groups since they both started. Cherise released a solo album "Look Inside" before the debut album, "Nu-Flow", from Big Brovaz was released. It only spawned one single, however, "2nd Best", while the album won a MOBO award.
History.
2002-2006:Early Career and "Big Brovaz".
Cherise, and her friend Nadia, both began their career in the R&B group Big Brovaz, who had considerable success following their launch in 2002. Cherise was an established singer before the group's success, recording a solo album - "Look Inside" and single "2nd Best". The album was much praised and won a MOBO Award. After scoring top five hits with songs such as Favourite Things and Nu Flow, Big Brovaz received rave reviews from fans and critics for their unique style, and received comparisons with other groups such as Outkast and solo artists such as Eminem, Nelly and Jamelia. After a lengthy hiatus following one member's drug addiction being revealed, Big Brovaz re-instated their career in 2004 with new single "Yours Fatally". Expectations were high following their previous string of top ten hits, although the single disappointingly stalled at Number 15 in the UK Top 40 and third female member Dionne left the band. Subsequently, the band were dropped by their record label. This resulted in a three-year gap before they finally released a second studio album. In April 2007, new album Re-Entry was released, although it was a commercial disaster and failed to chart.
Booty Luv was created during early recordings of Big Brovaz' Re-Entry album when music executives offered Cherise and Nadia the chance to record and promote a new version of R&B/soul singer Tweet's club hit "Boogie 2nite". Following the poor sales of early singles from Re-Entry in mid-2006, the girls accepted the offer and began recording their new version of the song, initially only as a promotional track for the record label Hed Kandi. Six months later in December, however, Booty Luv's version of "Boogie 2nite" was decided to be released as an actual single in the United Kingdom and mainland Europe following positive reviews from club DJs on the dance scene. It peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart, behind Take That's comeback single, Patience.
2006-2009:"Booty Luv".
In late 2006 the video for "Boogie 2nite" was sent to top music channels and the song was heavily promoted. The original dance remix by Seamus Haji was chosen for the song's download and physical releases, while the video was chosen to feature the remix by the group DB Boulevard. The song continued its success onto digital music video channels, holding Number one positions on the The Hits Most Selected and TMF Hitlist UK. The song was released on download format a week before the physical release, and shot to Number 1 on the 3 Download Chart. This furthered its success into the UK Singles Chart, where it peaked at Number 19 on download sales before climbing as high as Number 2 following its physical release. It also became their first Number 1 single in the UK Dance Charts. Spending 17 weeks inside the UK Top 75, the positive response for "Boogie 2nite" resulted in Booty Luv extending their contract with Hed Kandi to four follow up singles and an album. As of September 2009, the single re-entered the UK Dance Chart at number 31 following on from the popularity of the band's recent single Say It, three years after its original release.
In 2007, after taking several months to record their debut album, Booty Luv released the follow-up single "Shine", a cover of the Luther Vandross song on 14 May. It was well received by radio and added to the A-List on BBC Radio 1, peaking at Number 17 on the UK Airplay Chart. In its first week of release, "Shine" entered the UK Singles Chart at Number 25 on downloads alone, and became the group's second top ten single the following week when it jumped 15 places to Number 10 following its physical release, spending an eventual seven weeks inside the UK Top 40. It also managed to hit the top spot on the UK Dance Charts.
Their debut album "Boogie 2nite" was released 17 September 2007, one week after third single Don't Mess with My Man (a cover of a Lucy Pearl song) made the UK Top 20 at Number 11, and the UK Dance Charts at Number 1, taking their number of UK Dance Number 1 singles to three. The album features the three hit singles "Boogie 2nite", "Shine" and "Don't Mess with My Man", a new cover as well as five original songs, including the final UK Top 20 hit from the album, Some Kinda Rush. The album is co-written by Booty Luv and two co-writers. On 24 September 2007, "Boogie 2nite" entered the UK Albums Chart at a respectable Number 11 and just missed the top twenty the next week, falling to Number 26. It was officially certified as Silver by the BPI in late 2008, denoting 70,000+ copies sold.
The fourth single to be released from the album was Some Kinda Rush, the first original release by the group. On the week commencing 28 November 2007, the song had a surge in download sales solely from the album following the song's early promotion, when it entered the UK Top 100 at Number 93, four weeks before its official download release. It continued to hold inside the UK Top 100 before becoming Booty Luv's fourth consecutive UK Top 20 hit when it rose to Number 19 following its combined physical and download sales. On the week commencing 28 January 2008, the single outlasted Don't Mess with My Man in the UK Top 40 despite its lower peak, with Some Kinda Rush spending seven weeks on the chart, and Don't Mess with My Man spending only four. Their debut album "Boogie 2nite" also experienced a resurgence into the UK Top 100 following the success of Some Kinda Rush. It re-entered the UK Top 100 Albums at Number 96, before climbing as high as 87. The album has so far spent four weeks inside the UK Top 100 following the release of Some Kinda Rush, and eight weeks in total. In late 2007 iTunes offered fans the chance to download one of the original songs from the album - "Something To Talk About" free of cost, since it was the 'Free Single of the Week'.
A fifth single from the album, "Dance Dance", was given a limited release across Europe in 2008, managing to achieve Top 5 success in the Netherlands' Dance Chart. It furthered this success onto the official Netherlands chart, peaking at number 27. The CD tracklisting included two new remixes and a megamix of the group's singles so far.
Nadia and Cherise confirmed in an interview with Digital Spy in 2007 that they planned to begin work on their second album in 2008. They also mentioned that they were talking about future plans with Hed Kandi and did not want the next album to feature any cover versions, but for the new album to contain only original songs. In an interview with Digital Spy in July 2009, Nadia revealed that the band had been working with multiple producers, whereas with Boogie 2nite they only worked with one. It was thus revealed that the album had a "an edgier style", as described by Shepherd. She also commented that "some tracks have a real R&B vibe to them, others are proper dance tracks and some are typical poppier tracks. It's a really exciting mixture of sounds." Bandmate Cherise also stated that they had been working with Fraser T. Smith, the producer behind Tinchy Stryder's number one hit "Number One". The track they worked on with him is apparently entitled "One Dance".
The first single from the new album is titled "Say It", and was premiered on Friday 10 April 2009. The first performance of the single was at Sony Ericsson's Dance Nation Festival where the girls did a set. The musicality of the song differs slightly from the previous material released by the band, having more of an electro feel to it. The single was released on 31 August 2009, and was premiered on the official Hed Kandi website and the video sharing site Youtube. The single was Popjustice's 'Single of the Day' on 10 April 2009. It was added to BBC Radio 1's B-List at the start of August, moving up to the much-coveted A-List during the successful week of release.
The single continued the band's run of UK Top 20 hits, debuting at number 16 on Sunday 6 September 2009, the week's fourth highest new entry.
The Band is now working on new material and a single is due for release in autumn 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20370513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370513" title="Clarence W. W. Mayhew">
Clarence W. W. Mayhew

Clarence William Whitehead Mayhew (March 1, 1906 – February 13, 1994) was an American architect best known as a designer of contemporary residential structures in the San Francisco Bay Area. Recognition came to him with a home designed in 1937 for the Manor family in Orinda, California; one which was included as an example of modern architecture's effect on the contemporary ranch house in California in several post-war published compilations of residential works.
Career.
Mayhew took a job in San Francisco with well-known architect Arthur Brown Jr. sometime around 1922, working as a draftsman. Brown encouraged Mayhew to study at l'École des Beaux-Arts in Paris for two years; Mayhew finished in 1925. Returning to California, Mayhew obtained his architect degree from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1927. Mayhew was subsequently hired by Miller and Pflueger and worked with that firm for six years during a time when they were designing prominent skyscrapers and movie palaces as well as taking occasional commissions for residential dwellings. In 1934 or 1935, Mayhew formed his own firm: Clarence W.W. Mayhew, Architect.
Mayhew's influential Manor House was designed in 1937 for Marjorie and Harold V. Manor. Manor was a San Francisco native who married Marjorie W. Arnold in 1908. He joined three different garden clubs including the California Horticultural Society. The house that Mayhew designed for the Manors was basically a ranch house in structure, but light and airy with floor-to-ceiling windows and extensive skylights. It received notice across the country for its clean, light, asymmetrical lines and its embrace of both indoor and outdoor spaces. Its L-shaped plan echoed William Wurster's famous Gregory Farmhouse, and cost US$14,500 to build in 1938. A series of publications made mention of the design—it appeared in "House and Garden", "Architect and Engineer", "Progressive Architecture", "Modern House in America", "Tomorrow's House" and "If You Want to Build a House". In 1974, architectural historian David Gebhard wrote of the design: "...California’s ability to wed indoors and outdoors was beautifully captured in the solarium, with its glass roof, sliding glass walls, and the adjacent sliding glass walls of the living room. This house was a realization of flexible indoor/outdoor space, so often discussed by the exponents of modernism but never achieved in such a lyric fashion." Mayhew was quoted in "Architectural Forum" in 1939 as saying that "the house has a Japanese character in both plan and elevation. Although I did not copy any Japanese details, I did copy the underlying principle."
Mayhew designed his own house in collaboration with Serge Chermayeff, associate architect and employee of Mayhew's during 1940–1941 when Chermayeff was also teaching at California School of Fine Arts. Chermayeff was brought in so that Mayhew would not have his own wife for a client. The house contrasted sharply with existing homes on Hampton Road, and appeared to be made of rectangular shapes descending the sloped property. The house divided into two functional groups, one for adults and one for children, with all living and sleeping rooms facing south. Glass walls were specified to allow maximum sunlight and viewing pleasure. The two main structural units enclosed a private garden and were connected by a broad stairway enclosed against the weather, with the street side made of solid wood and the garden side fully glazed. The three children's rooms were separated with demountable hanging walls that could be changed to adapt to the family's needs. Author Alan Hess wrote in 2007 that the clean abstraction of the rectilinear blocks appeared to be based on Chermayeff's Bauhaus leanings but that the casual, site-specific interaction of garden, house and modernity showed the relaxation of California living apparent in Mayhew's prior work.
Mayhew designed two alumni houses for local colleges. The Reinhardt Alumnae House was completed in 1949 for Mills College, and the Alumni House was finished in 1953 for the University of California, Berkeley. The latter structure, made for US$375,000 out of stone, brick, steel and glass and organized into two wings in the International style, was mentioned twice in "Progressive Architecture", receiving notice in the Progressive Architecture Annual Design Survey for 1954 (Education).
Social activities.
Mayhew was an active member of the Bohemian Club and The Family. He served as "Father" at The Family and took part in the Bohemian Club's summer encampments at the Bohemian Grove where he directed the Lecture series for 20 years and was known as "Hap". He volunteered with the props and sets department in at least one Grove Play: "Birds of Rhiannon" (1930) and in 1969 he gave a Lakeside Talk.
Mayhew was a board member of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and of the Talent Bank. He joined the St. Francis Yacht Club and the California Pioneers. Late in life, Mayhew developed Parkinson's disease. He and his wife Joan Virginia Rapp Mayhew moved to San Rafael together. Mayhew died there in 1994; Joan died in 2005 at age 91, survived by their daughter, Joan Mayhew Beales.

</doc>
<doc id="20370537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370537" title="Astragalus platytropis">
Astragalus platytropis

Astragalus platytropis is a species of milkvetch known by the common name broadkeel milkvetch. It is native to the western United States from Montana to California, where it lives at high elevation in alpine and subalpine plant communities. This is a very small perennial milkvetch which forms a small patch of very short silvery-green stems on the rocky ground. The leaves may be up to 9 centimeters long and are made up of several hairy leaflets. The inflorescence is a head of 4 to 9 pale purple flowers, each just under a centimeter long. The fruit is a bladdery legume pod which can exceed 3 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20370549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370549" title="2008 Australian Mini Challenge">
2008 Australian Mini Challenge

The 2008 Australian Mini Challenge was the inaugural running of the Australian Mini Challenge. It began on 7 March at Eastern Creek Raceway and ended on 7 December at Oran Park Raceway.
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers contested the 2008 Australian Mini Challenge.
Calendar.
The 2008 Australian Mini Challenge will be contested over eight rounds, starting at Eastern Creek in March and finishing at Oran Park in December.
Driver standings.
After round 8:
The other results were
16th: Michael Stillwell – 132 
17th: Iain Sherrin – 117 
18th: Robert Graham – 111 
19th: David Stillwell – 108 
20th: Brent Collins – 96 
21st: Jason White – 96 
22nd: Paul Morris – 84 
23rd: Barry Sternbeck – 78 
24th: Matt Neal – 78 
25th: Beric Lynton – 75 
26th: Mike Sherrin – 69 
27th: Damien Flack – 60 
28th: Tim Leahey – 54 
29th: Christopher Oxley – 54 
30th: Ricky Occhipinti – 54 
31st: Brendan Cook – 51 
32nd: Jim Sweeney – 42 
33rd: Callum Ballinger – 39 
34th: Tim Poulton – 30 
35th: Edward Singleton – 27 
36th: Kevin Miller – 18 
37th: Jason Akermanis – 18 
38th: Ryan Mcleod – 15 
39th: Chris Wootton – 9

</doc>
<doc id="20370553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370553" title="Madi">
Madi

Madi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20370565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370565" title="Shikand-gumanic Vichar">
Shikand-gumanic Vichar

Shikand-gumanic Vichar is a Zoroastrian theology book of 9th century Iran, written by Mardan-Farrukh. Part apologetics, part polemic, the book was composed when Zoroastrians endured a perilous status as an harassed and declining minority. Its author discusses several neighboring religions, hence it contains nascent elements of an academic discipline: comparative religion. This article includes a description and analysis of the text, and also briefly addresses its context and relevance, with respect to other religions and to the continuing traditions of Zoroastrianism. 
The Author.
What little is known of the person Mardan-Farrukh (Martānfarrux-i Ohrmazddātān) comes to us through the pages of his book, written in Middle Iranian using the Pahlavi script. Its title "Shkand-Gumanik Vichar" has been rendered "Analytical Treatise for the Dispelling of Doubts", or "Decisive Solution for Doubts". A published text, as translated into English, runs 135 pages.
The Muslim conquest of his native Persia was completed by 651 C.E. Based on references made in his book to the then editions of other Zoroastrian works (e.g., the Dinkart), Mardan Farrukh has been dated to the 9th century. "is evident that he lived after the time of Roshan, son of Atur-frobag, son of Farukh-zad. ...Abalis, the Zandik, had a religious deputation with Atur-frobag, son of Farukh-zad, in the presence of the Kalifah Al-Mamun who reigned A.D. 813-833."
Near the beginning of his book he states, "his composition is provided by me, who am Mardan-farukh son of Auharmazd-dad." He goes on to say, "I have been fervent-mindedly, at all times in my whole youthful career, an enquirer and investigator of the truth." He declares, "The possession of the truth is the one power of the faithful, through the singleness of truth."
"Now, as I have said above, I have always been earnestly anxious to know God and have been curious in searching out his religion and his will. In this spirit of inquiry I have traveled to foreign countries and (even) to India... for I did not choose my religion simply because I inherited it, but I wanted (only that religion) which was most firmly based on reason and evidence... ."
Apparently Mardan-Farrukh the author was young, earnest, well-traveled and committed. He was ably acquainted with his own religion, both its writings and the views of its authorities; also he was conversant with other systems of belief. Among Zoroastrian authors of the Pahlavi period, Mardan-Farrux can best lay "claim to being considered a philosopher." A practicing layman who drew on priestly Zoroastrian books in the Pahlavi, his work "is distinguished by its clarity of thought and orderly arrangement." It creates a "rationalist and philosophic climate."
His Book.
The "Shkand-gumanig Vizar" of Mardan-Farrukh was written during an "intellectual renaissance of Zoroastrianism" which occurred "shortly before the rapid decline of Zoroastrianism, migrations to India, and conversions to Islam." Several reasons may account for its occurrence:
"First, the times not only permitted but provoked such writings. Mu'tazilites, or Islamic free-thinkers, many of whom were Persians, had created an atmosphere of free debate and interest in philosophical and theological questions. ... Second, the Zoroastrians were losing ground and they passed from a militant defiance of Islam or the Arabs to an intellectual defensive. This may be seen in a number of apologetic works written at this time such as the "Shkand Gumanik Vicar"... .
In the first half of his book, Mardan-Farrukh provides his version of the prevailing Zoroastrian response to issues of theodicy (chapters 1-4 and 7-10). As he sees it, the acute moral quandary is how and why a wise and powerful God would create a world that seemingly has turned out so imperfect, which can at times appear merciless and cruel to creatures living in it. He outlines what might be called a dualist ethical metaphysics and a cosmology. In his remaining pages, the author discusses critically other neighboring religions. He addresses (chapters 11 and 12) the doctrines of the Qur'an, and later those of the Bible, both the Hebrew scriptures (chapters 13 and 14), as well as the Gospels (chapter 15). Earlier materialists (atheists or sophists) had been discussed and dismissed (chapters 5 and 6). He concludes with an adverse review of the brand of dualist theology particular to the Manichees (chapter 16). In a limited sense his work might be described as a nascent, adumbrated forerunner of comparative religion studies with the understanding, of course, that it is rendered from the view point of a 9th-century Zoroastrian.
R. C. Zaehner gives this description of Mardan-Farrukh's "Shkand-Gumänïg Vichär":
This is in some ways the most interesting of all the Zoroastrian books since it presents a philosophical justification of Zoroastrian dualism in a more or less coherent form; and it further contains a detailed critique of the monotheistic creeds, Islam, Judaism, and Christianity as well as an attack on Zoroastrianism's dualistic rival, Manichaeanism."
The "Škand-gumanik Vičār" was translated first into Sanskrit c. 1100, for the benefit of the Parsis (the Zoroastrians of India). Modernly, the book has been translated into several European languages.
The text.
Good vs evil.
Regarding issues of theodicy Mardan-Farrukh provides a summary of Zoroastrian doctrine. This view presents Ohrmazd, the Creator of the world, being opposed by and contested by the satanic Ahriman. The author justifies this belief by pointing to the universal presence of good vis-à-vis bad everywhere in the world, e.g., "darkness and light, knowledge and ignorance, perfume and stench, life and death, sickness and health, justice and disorder, slavery and freedom... visible in every country and land at all times." These distinct opposites are not of function, like that of the male and female, sun and moon, but rather are of the essence. "For where there is good there cannot possibly be evil. Where light is admitted darkness is driven away." Thus the antagonistic pairing prevalent everywhere springs from the opposing natures of Ohrmazd and Ahriman. "The material world is the effect of the spiritual, and the spiritual is its cause."
Accordingly, the wise and powerful Ohrmazd is not the maker of the evil that blights creation. "There is one dogma on which [Mardan-Farrukh] firmly takes his stand: God is good." Rather the Zoroastrians teach that it is his antagonist Ahriman who has corrupted the creation. The late Zoroastrian Dastur, Maneckji Nusservanji Dhalla, writes:
"The author of the "Shikand Gumanik Vijar", who is himself a dualist of the most pronounced kind, strongly urges in his polemics against other religions that good and evil can on no account have originated from one and the same source. Evil is considered to have as independent and complete existence as good; they are both primeval. They are so entirely separate from each other that neither good originates from evil, nor evil from good. Each one of them exists by itself, and entertains perpetual antagonism towards the other."
Mardan-Farrukh observes that if Ohrmazd and Ahriman had created the world together or in cooperation, then Ohrmazd would be "an accomplice and confederate with Ahriman in the harm and evil which ever arise."
Prior to creation Ohrmazd exists "fully complete in his own self", such that "his perfection consists in his having no need for any advantage or increase" from the outside. Hence when he created the world it was not to obtain "any advantage or aggrandizement". Yet Ohrmazd being "wise and sagacious" his actions "cannot be irrational or unmotivated". "We must conclude," continues Mardan-Farrukh, "that the reason and occasion" for the creation of the world was "to repel and ward off" his external adversary Ahriman and defeat the evil he intends; "this is the whole reason and occasion for the act of creation."
Ohrmazd's strategy is that the good creation will act as a trap to capture Ahriman and neutralize his evil. Ahriman being aggressive, rash and ignorant (he "does not know the final outcome"), as against the thoughtful and prudent Ohrmazd, certainly the ultimate result will be the triumph of good; undoubtedly creation will be restored. The entire cosmic process from the original creation by Ohrmazd and the attack by Ahriman, until the triumphant rehabilitation of physical goodness of creation, lasts twelve thousand years. Along with the Amesha Spenta, humankind plays a vital rôle in the defeat of Druj (the Lie) and victory of Asha (the Truth).
Mardan-Farrukh notes, "The duty of the creature is to understand and perform the will of the creator, and to abstain from what is disliked by him." To do so "is to preserve the soul." The will of the creator is known through his religion. From its care "for the soul are manifested grandeur" and value, and "the compassion and [mercy of the sacred being."
Method.
The author at the start announces his intention to find the truth, which brings an "inward dignity". Yet by the "thorough understanding of the truth" he means the "blessedness and truth of the good religion" first taught by Zarathustra. The author does follow up on this quest later in his book. At one point Mardan-Farrukh describes several specific approaches to discovering the true (the matter at issue being the existence of the "exalted sacred being"). " knowledge of anything is acquired in three modes: by knowing what is "inevitable", or by knowing what is "analogous", or by what is "possible and fit to exist"." Later he adds the obvious: the direct "tangibility of nature".
An example of "inevitable" knowledge is "once one is one, and twice two is four" and within the inevitable it is not possible to say that sometime or someplace twice two will be five or three. Knowledge by "analogy" announces something invisible derived from the visible through similarity or resemblance, e.g., from the presence of a thing made one may infer the absent maker. Information about what is "possible and fit to exist" seems to rely on the trustworthiness and good character of the person testifying. This attention to methods (logic, analogy and inference, testimony, and tangible evidence) demonstrates some respectful rigor and craft in persuasion.
Sophistry.
Mardan-Farrukh addresses "the assertors of the non-existence of a sacred being" or the atheists. Some atheists are said to believe "that there is no reward for good works, no punishment of sin, no heaven and hell, and no stimulator of good works and crime. Besides this, that things are only worldly, and there is no spirit." Mardan-Farrukh responds "that to be made without a maker... is as impossible as to prepare what is written without a writer." As to "that there is no recompense of good works and punishment of crime" he responds that "no one whatever is seen that has come... from death back to life, and it is not possible to say so." Further, Mardan-Farrukh invokes what he calls in humankind "the manifestation of the maintenance of a hope for a supreme inspection over mankind, and indeed, over wild animals, birds, ad quadrupeds."
The sophist may argue that no distinctions can be made, as honey is sweet, but "bitter to those abounding in bile" or that bread is both pleasant "to the hungry and unpleasant to the surfeited." Yet the wise say, 'Even this statement of you sophists, about the jaundiced nature of everything, is alike jaundiced, and there is no truth in it."
Islam.
As Muslim regimes ruled in the Iran of Mardan-Farrukh, he did not mention Islam by name in his critique. Zoroastrians lived under increasing pressure at the time Mardan-Farrukh was writing: 
"ate in the ninth century the tide began to ebb swiftly for the Zoroastrians, with Islam now enjoying the full support of temporal power everywhere. It was then that the founding fathers of the Parsi community left their homeland to seek religious freedom in exile in India, and thereafter those who held by their ancient faith in Iran were steadily ground down into the position of a small, deprived, and harassed minority, lacking all privileges or consideration."
As would be expected given his prior chapters on theodicy, he faults the type of monotheism practiced by Islam because it posits an all-powerful Deity who creates the world and apparently the evil in it, so that (as he puts it) "good works and crime, truth and falsehood, life and death, good and evil are owing to him." Mardan-Farrukh alludes to passages in the Qur'an where it seems to say that the Deity may lead people astray. Relentlessly from different points of view and using various illustrations, Mardan-Farrukh asks why the "sacred being", with Divine wisdom and concern for the happiness of humankind, would have chosen freely to create the world as it is, a dangerous and contentious realm where evil exists and people suffer. That is, if "no opponent or adversary of his existed" then by reason the "sacred being" would be the only party responsible for the calamities endured by humankind. Humans "with little knowledge and little wisdom... so far as they are able, do not let the lion and the wolf and other noxious creatures in among their own young ones... ." Yet then, "why has the merciful sacred being now let... the demons in upon his own... ?" When he placed Adam in paradise, "why was not that garden made by him fortified and strong, so that that deluder could not have gotten into it?"
Judaism.
Mardan-Farrukh likewise brings his criticism of a type of monotheism to the Jewish texts. Here, he challenges the creation story of the Bible. Of creation out of nothing in six days, he asks: if God needed only to command and it arises, "to what was that delay of six days owing? ...the existence of that delay of six days is very ill-seeming." Accordingly, because of the use of time, "it is not fitting to speak of his producing world from nothing." Continuing along these lines, Mardan-Farrukh says of the Biblical God, "It is manifest that he was not light," by inference from God's reaction to light following his creation of it. Mardan-Farrukh paraphrases from the Jewish Torah, and concludes that regarding light God "considered it for the reason that he had not seen it before." Not stated here is that the Zoroastrian creator God, Ohrmazd, is essentially associated with light.
A narration in some detail he gives of the story of Adam and Eve in the garden and their expulsion from it. Mardan-Farrukh notes that God made Adam and Eve and thus made their inclinations, and that God commanded them not to eat of a certain tree, yet nonetheless they disobeyed. For this reason, he observes of the Biblical God that his "will and command are inconsistent and unadapted, one to the other." Hence the Biblical God is "manifestly an opponent and adversary to his own will." Therefore, "to indulge in wrath about and Eve is unreasonable." Mardan-Farrukh also finds fault with this story in that the curse of God on Adam affects everyone, "reaches unlawfully over people of every kind at various periods." In this vein, he states about the Biblical God, "This is what he says about his own nature, that is, 'I am the Lord, seeking vengeance, and retaliating vengeance, and I retaliate vengeance sevenfold upon the children, and one does not forget my original vengeance.'" In unspoken contrast would be the Zoroastrian Ohrmazd, "a wise Being whose actions were held to be wholly just and accessible to reason."
Christianity.
Mardan-Farrukh himself notes that his unfavorable remarks on the type of monotheism held by Judaism and by Islam would apply as well to Christianity. During the prior Sasanid era (224–651), "non-Zoroastrians frequently occasioned heated polemics in which virulent criticism and derisive terms were exchanged between the Zoroastrian priests on the one side and the prelates of the rival faith on the other." In the case of Christianity, contention was not only religious, but military. "There was a state of perennial war between Sasanian Persia and Byzantine Rome, which had embraced Christianity." A prime instance would be the border region of Armenia, which had included Zoroastrian believers since the Persian Achaemenid Empire (c. 550-330); centuries later despite Sasanid pressure, Armenia converted to Christianity (after 300) and took the Byzantine side. In general Zoroastrian arguments contra Christianity first developed in the strong and prosperous Sasanid Empire; however, following several centuries under Islam, Zoroastrian fortunes had declined drastically.
Mardan-Farrukh first questions the virgin birth, concluding skeptically "the origin of their religion has all come forth from the testimony of a woman, which was given about her own condition." He demonstrates a studied knowledge of the Christian doctrine of the Incarnation, although the premise of "God taking the status of human being" evokes no response, other than to call it "very strange". About the crucifixion ("death and execution on a tree") and its "resurrection" message for humankind, its 'brutality' and its "disgrace" offend Mardan-Farrukh. He questions why, from all the possible ways there are to signal human resurrection, God would want to choose to suffer such a death, if God is indeed omnipotent. If so, he asks why God did not make it "without doubt" and "clear knowledge" to humankind? Mardan-Farrukh continues, asking rhetorically if God chose such a death "through the will of his enemies" why does he curse them? Should they not be rewarded?
Mardan-Farrukh next challenges the doctrine of the Trinity, "the father and son and pure wind". Yet he begins without finesse: "If it be proper for three to be one, that implies that it is certainly possible for three to be nine... ." He questions how a son could be equal to the father; then he discusses the trinity and the crucifixion. After a theodicean analysis similar to his about Adam and Eve (see the Judaic section above), Mardan-Farrukh observes that "the sacred being himself created the executioners of his son," and concludes that these enemies then slew "the Messiah, who is the son, through the will of the father." The author's interpretation here resembles aspects of the Christian heresy fostered by the 2nd century gnostic Marcion. Mardan-Farrukh's analysis of free will in Christianity likewise (absent Ahriman) results in his ascribing to God responsibility for sins committed by humankind. Next he discusses St. Paul (Pâvarôs), quoting him thus, "Not the good works which I desire, but the iniquity which I do not desire, I do. And it is not I that do so, but that which is collected within me does it, because I always see that it is striving with me day and night." Mardan-Farrukh may well have associated St. Paul's feeling of an iniquity "within me" to Ahriman, for in the first half of the "Shkand-Gumanik Vichar" he states (as a proof of the existence of metaphysical evil), "[A knowledge of the existence of an opponent of the creatures Ahriman is obtainable from the innermost recesses of the body of man... " which may be observed.
His critique of Christianity concludes with illustrations that seek to demonstrate a dualism partially embedded in Christian scriptures, or as he says, "The word of the Messiah is specially inconsistently a demonstrator as regards the two original evolutions" Ohrmazd and of Ahriman. "hey say, from the words of the Messiah, that the original evolution from the sacred being is light and goodness; evil and darkness are separate from him." Mardan-Farrukh quotes the Messiah, speaking to his human opponents:
"I am appointed by that sacred being doing good works. Why do you not hear those words of mine? Only because you are from the iniquitous one it is not possible for you to hear them, and you wish to do the will of your own father. By him truth is not spoken; whatever he speaks he tells a lie of it, therefore you are false yourselves together with your father. As for me, who speak the truth, you do not believe it of me. And he who is from the sacred being hears the words of the sacred being, but you, because you are not from the sacred being, do not hear my words."
Mardan-Farrukh immediately adds, "By these sayings it is demonstrated by him that there are two original evolutions" Ohrmazd and of Ahriman, one which produces the Messiah, and one producing his opponents.
Next the parable of the tree that bears good fruit is given: "every tree becomes manifest by its fruit, if it be of merit and if it be of offensiveness." Again he quotes the Messiah: "[Every tree which the father has not sown should be dug up, and should be cast into the fire." Mardan-Farrukh concludes, "Wherefore it is fitting to understand from these words that there is a tree, which the father has not sown; that it is necessary to dig up and cast away." Apparently our author is indicating an analogy to the cosmic contention between good and evil of Zoroastrian teaching, so that here Ohrmazd will surely dig up and cast away trees sown by Ahriman.
Finally, Mardan-Farrukh quotes the Messiah: "Our father, that art in the sky, let thy empire arise! And may it be thy will that shall take place on earth as in the sky! Also give us daily bread! And do not bring us to a cause of doubt!" He then continues: "From these words it is evident that his will is not so unalloyed on earth as in the sky. Also this, that the cause of doubt of mankind is not owing to the sacred being." So does the author work to appropriate to the Zoroastrian dualist view the words of the Christian Messiah, i.e., that Ahriman has corrupted the earth and injected doubt into mankind.
Perspectives.
Tawhid.
Similar issues were addressed by the Muslim writer Maulana Muhammad Ali (1874–1951). He rejects as misinformed what he terms a popular idea that the Deity in Islam is maker of both good and evil. This false notion he traces to a long-ago "clash of Islam with Persian religious thought." Ali continues:
"The doctrine that there are two creators, a creator of good and a creator of evil, had become the central doctrine of the Magian religion name for Zoroastrianism... . The religion of Islam taught the purest monotheism, and it was probably in controverting the dualistic doctrine of the Magian religion, that the discussion arose as to whether or not God was the creator of evil. These discussions grew very hot and many side-issues sprang up. ... God created man with certain powers which he could exercise under certain limitations, and it is the exercise of these powers in one way or another that produces good or evil. ... Hence the controversy, as to whether God was the creator of good and evil, arose simply out of a misconception of the nature of good and evil."
Notwithstanding, Mardan-Farrukh asks why (if no adversary like Ahriman pre-existed as an independent source of evil) would the "sacred being", who acts judiciously and desires universal "happiness and prosperity", come to create a world that results in "misery for multitudes of the innocent who are distressed, poor, necessitous, and sick." Moreover, Mardan-Farrukh insists on the logic that a solitary creator would imply ultimately a single source for all moral qualities; "if it be said that evil and crime arise from or mankind, that implies, as they are likewise created and produced by the sacred being, that he is the source of them." Rather instead, for Zoroastrians the cause-of-evil Ahriman in origin and nature is completely independent of Ohrmazd the "sacred being"; even now Ohrmazd is contending in the long-term but certain process by which he will defeat Ahriman with finality.
Book of Job.
From a comparative perspective, a Jewish response to the Zoroastrian faith may be seen in the Book of Job, which was written during or following a period of fruitful interaction between the Jews and the Zoroastrian Persians. In the Book of Job, the Biblical God allows Satan to severely punish Job, even though Job has done no wrong to merit the abuse. The tragedy of innocent suffering is discussed without resolution by Job and by several friends who blame Job unjustly. Finally, an epiphany of ecstasy is visited on Job by the merciful Deity, in which Job comes to hear God and to realize with awe the Mystery, that God's ways are beyond the reckoning of humankind.
"Any claim that the world was created by a good and benevolent god must provoke the question why the world, in the outcome, is so very far from good. Zoroaster's answer, that the world had been created by a good "and" an evil spirit of equal power, who set up to spoil the good work, is a complete answer: it is a logical answer, more satisfying to the thinking mind than the one given by the author of the "Book of Job", who withdrew to the claim that it did not behoove man to inquire into the ways of Omnipotence."
Following a method found in modern comparative religion, more than one answer is possible, and several views may respectfully co-exist whatever the apparent mutual contradiction. Hence, the Zoroastrian position as discussed more than a thousand years ago by Mardan-Farrukh in his "Shikand-gumanik Vichar" may be said to embody a rational search by an inquiring mind as befits a creature of God.

</doc>
<doc id="20370576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370576" title="Bandar Damansara Kuantan">
Bandar Damansara Kuantan

Bandar Damansara Kuantan is a self-contained township being developed by Damansara Realty (Pahang) Sdn Bhd. It was first launched in June 2000. The township encompasses an area of and is situated 10 km north of Kuantan and is adjacent to the Kuantan Bypass, which connects Kuantan with the Kuantan Port. 
Bandar Damansara Kuantan is a fully integrated mixed development based on a modern living garden township, situated within Beserah and Sungai Karang. The township offers residents a comprehensive mix of facilities and amenities for an enlightened, active and contemporary lifestyle. The township is intricately planned with generous of green zone area, landscape linear parks and a 1.6 km long waterway that is connected to a central lake park. Built on an elevated land, the harmonious “Feng Shui” elements of hill and water complement the project. 
Bandar Damansara Kuantan is accessible from the T-junction at kilometer 20 of Kuantan Bypass by a dual-carriage access road. It is also easily accessible from any part of Kuantan via the arterial road which links Kuantan – KL road and Kuantan – Terengganu road and takes a mere 10 minutes drive directly to the town centre via this bypass. The East Coast Expressway also provide alternative access to Bandar Damansara Kuantan.

</doc>
<doc id="20370587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370587" title="List of Zushi Games games">
List of Zushi Games games

This is a list of video games published and/or distributed by Zushi Games. It includes all of their titles that were published under their former name of Zoo Digital Publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="20370591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370591" title="Astragalus pomonensis">
Astragalus pomonensis

Astragalus pomonensis is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Pomona milkvetch. It is native to Baja California and southern California, where it can be found in a number of coastal habitats, including the California Coast Ranges. This is a bushy perennial herb forming a clump of thick, hollow stems up to about 80 centimeters tall. Leaves are up to 20 centimeters long and are made up of many oval-shaped leaflets each up to 3 centimeters in length. The inflorescence is a large array of up to 45 cream-colored flowers. Each flower is between one and two centimeters long. The fruit is a bladdery legume pod which dries to a thin, almost transparent papery texture. It may exceed 4 centimeters in length and generally drops off the plant when dry.

</doc>
<doc id="20370596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370596" title="Renee Leota">
Renee Leota

Renee Leota (born 16 May 1990 in Wellington), is a female association football player who represents New Zealand at international level.
Career.
Leota made her senior international debut as a substitute in a 0-3 loss to China PR on 14 November 2006.
She was included in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Summer Olympic games, appearing as a substitute in both the 2-2 draw with Japan and the 0-1 loss to Norway.
Leota, who had made a single substitute appearance at the 2006 Women's U-20 World Cup finals in Russia as they held Brazil to a goalless draw, was again included in the U-20 squad for the 2008 Women's U-20 World Cup finals in Chile. She appeared in the first group game as a second half substitute as New Zealand lost 2-3 against African champions, Nigeria, and scored with her first touch of the ball in their second group game as she came on as a 65th minute substitute, helping NZ to a 4-3 win over the hosts. In 2010 she represented New Zealand for a third Under-20 World Cup, this time in Germany, playing in all three group games.

</doc>
<doc id="20370598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370598" title="Life Technologies">
Life Technologies

Life Technologies is a brand of the Thermo Fisher Scientific Corporation in the US and some other countries. It offers products and services for scientific research and applied science, especially genetic analysis. 
The company was founded in November 2008 through a US$6.7 billion merger of Invitrogen Corporation and Applied Biosystems Inc. The joint sales of the combined companies were about $3.5 billion; they had about 9,500 employees, and owned more than 3,600 licenses and patents.
In 2013 Thermo Fisher agreed to buy Life Technologies for $13.6 billion. The sale was completed on 4 February 2014, and Life Technologies was renamed Life Sciences Solutions.
Between its formation in 2008 and its acquisition by Thermo Fisher Scientific in 2014, Life Technologies Corporation was an independent multinational corporation based in Carlsbad, California, United States.
Legal disputes.
In January 2014, a legal dispute on the use of the mark "Life Technologies" in India concluded as the Delhi High Court denied Life Technologies' request to prevent the similarly named biotechnology company Life Technologies India Pvt. Limited from using the "Life Technologies" mark and various related web domains.
Another court case involving Life Technologies also ended in January 2014, as the Connecticut District Court penalized Life Technologies Corp over $60 million for patent infringements by its parent companies prior to the merger.

</doc>
<doc id="20370610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370610" title="Citibank Indonesia">
Citibank Indonesia

History.
Citibank has had a presence in Indonesia in one form or another since 1918 when its precursor, The International Banking Corporation, set up branches in Batavia (present-day Jakarta) and Surabaya. The International Banking Corporation withdrew from Indonesia in the late 1920s, but Citibank reopened in Jakarta in 1968.
Company Profile.
Citibank Indonesia offers retail banking in 20 branch offices and 102 ATMs in the cities of Jakarta, Surabaya, Bandung, Medan, Semarang and Denpasar. Citibank also began mobile banking in 2003.
Time Line.
2004 - Citibank launches Citifinancial.
2005-2007 – Citibank receives the Indonesia Best Brand Award from SWA Magazine.
2006 – Citibank ranked Best Bank On Service Quality by a banking sector customer service poll conducted by Infobank magazine in collaboration with the Institute of Service Management Studies (Trisakti University, Jakarta).
2007 – Receives the Employer of Choice Award from Warta Ekonomi.
2007 – Receives the Indonesia Bank Loyalty Award in the Savings Account and Credit Card Category from InfoBank.
2007 - Receives the Best Internet Bank Award from Global Finance.
2007- Receives the eCompany Award from Warta Ekonomi.
2007 - Receives the Best Financial Performance Award from Infobank.
2007 - Receives the Best Foreign Bank from Finance Asia.
2007 - Receives the Indonesia Most Admired Company 2006 Award (for 2 consecutive years) from Business Week and FrontierMarketing Research.
2007 - Receives the Best Wealth Management and Retail Bank & Service Satisfaction Index from Marketing Magazine & CCSL.
2007 - Receives the Best Corporate PR Program award from Mix Magazine.
2007-2008 – Receives the Banking Service Excellence Award from InfoBank.
Products and services.
Citibank Indonesia began issuing credit cards in 1989. It currently offers nine types of credit cards. Its payment network in Indonesia consists of more than 11,000 payment points, 13 banks and one post office from which customers can pay their credit card bills. An online payment facility is also available.
The main business of Citibank Indonesia is in the area of wealth management, where it provides financial advisory services to customers. Citibank has a 24–hour CitiPhone banking helpline for customers. Citibank Indonesia also offers bank loans, deposit accounts and insurance to its customers.
Divisions.
Citifinancial has 56 branches in the six major cities of Jakarta, Bandung, Semarang, Surabaya, Medan, and Denpasar. Since 2007, Citifinancial has been collaborating with PT Pos Indonesia to expand Citifinancial's position in the Indonesian market by leveraging the wide post office distribution.
Key people.
Tigor Siahaan - Chief Country Officer 
Lauren Sulistiawati - Managing Director Consumer Business 
Kahar Anwar - Citi Commercial Head
Agung Laksamana - Director, Country Corporate Affairs Head
Sponsorship and corporate responsibility.
As part of its corporate social responsibility (CSR), Citibank Indonesia runs a program called “Use Credit Wisely” to educate its customers and the public.
Citibank has launched several CSR activities under the umbrella of Citibank Peka ("Peka" is an acronym of "peduli" (care) and "berkarya" (to do good). Initiated in February 1999, Citibank Peka (CP) focuses on education, communication development and natural disaster relief.
Scandals.
(Inong) Malinda Dee, who held the position of senior relationship manager in Citibank Indonesia's Landmark Building branch, was arrested after being accused of embezzling at least USD 2 million from her customers' accounts.
On April 6, 2011 the Central Bank "(Bank Indonesia)" has banned Citibank from taking in new customers for its Citigold business until police investigation into the case is completed.
In an unrelated incident that happened to occur close in time to the previous one, Citibank has also gotten tangled up in the circumstances of the death of Irzen Octa, who served as secretary general of a small local political party. Octa, who had racked up a sizable debt to Citibank, was found dead on the bank's premises after being interrogated by third party debt collectors hired by Citibank to deal with long overdue debts. There are conflicting reports on the circumstances of his death, as multiple autopsy reports have shown different results. Despite this uncertainty, on April 7, 2011, the Indonesian Central Bank (Bank Indonesia) decreed that Citibank must stop processing new credit card applications until the investigation into the death of Irzen Octa has been completed. Due to torture and false imprisonment in relation to Mr. Irzen's death, 5 people, including 2 Citigroup employees have been charged.
Citibank Indonesia's senior management has subsequently been summoned by the local congress "(Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat)" for hearings in relation to the incidents.
After a month of investigation, Indonesian Central Bank (Bank Indonesia) clamps firm sanction on Citibank Indonesia. Since May 6, 2011 Citibank Indonesia:
Since May 9, 2011 Central bank conducted a repeated fit-and-proper test on about 20 Citibank's executives and management for a maximum 40 days. Central Bank also insisted Citibank to fire the officials involved directly in the Citigold and credit card cases.

</doc>
<doc id="20370636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370636" title="Lugbara">
Lugbara

Lugbara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20370639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370639" title="Vellakkinar">
Vellakkinar

Vellakkinar is an Indian village in Thalavady Panchayath, Kuttanad Taluk, Alappuzha District, Kerala State. It is 11 km from Thiruvalla Railway Station. Haripad, Thakazhy, Ambalappuzha, Alappuzha are some of the nearest railway stations from the Vellakkinar.
There is also a place East to Collectorate Junction of Alleppey.
Services.
There are two schools in the village, Thalavady, a government vocational higher secondary school and a UP School (ADUPS). Other amenities include Thalavady Post Office, AEO Office, Thalavady Water Tank, Ganapathy Temple. A tributary of the Pampa River is flows through the village.
Dr. Venu Vasudevan, IAS, Director, Kerala Tourism Department from Poonuthura Family whose Mothers' family is Poonuthura Puthen Veedu and fathers' family is Prayattu Madhom near Neerattupuram, are both in Thalavady Panchayath.

</doc>
<doc id="20370647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370647" title="Nimadi language">
Nimadi language

Nimadi is spoken in the Nimar region of Madhya Pradesh, which lies adjacent to Maharashtra and south of Malwa. The districts which speak Nimadi are: Barwani, Khandwa, Khargone, Burhanpur, Bedia, sanawad and parts of Dhar, Harda and South Dewas districts. The famous writers of Nimari was Gaurishankar Sharma, Ramnarayan Upadhyay etc.
Nimari is mainly spoken in Khargone, Barwani and Khandwa districts. Ramnarayan Upadhyay, Mahadeo Prasad Chaturvedi, Prabhakar ji Dubey and others worked in it. "Ammar Bol " (Translation of Bhagwat Geeta) composed by Mahadeo Prasad Chaturvedi "Madhya" is the first epic in Nimari.

</doc>
<doc id="20370651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370651" title="Moru–Madi languages">
Moru–Madi languages

The Moru–Madi languages of the Central Sudanic language family are a cluster of closely related languages spoken in South Sudan, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and Uganda. Moru is spoken by 100,000 people, and Ma'di by twice that number. The most populous languages are Aringa of Uganda, with close to a million speakers, and Lugbara, with 1.6 million.
The Language and the People.
The languages in this cluster are found across three countries: Uganda (Ma'di, Lugbara); South Sudan (Lugbara, Ma'di, Lolu'bo, Avukaya, Kaliko, Moru and Logo); and Democratic Republic of Congo (Lugbara, Avukaya, Kaliko and Logo).
The name 'Madi'.
The name "Ma'di" is used for various peoples in the region. There is tendency especially in the Acholi region of northern Uganda to refer to anyone from West Nile Region as a Ma'di, even the Kakwa. The only group in this region who are never called Ma'di are the Alur.
Joseph Pasquale Crazzolara, for example, states that "all Logbara [...] agree that they are of the Ma'di nation, that they are Ma'di. They are called Ma'di by the Alur of Okooro, their immediate neighbours, in Bunyoro and Buganda." Similarly, the linguist A. N. Tucker described the neighboring Keliko people who occupy the high plateau near the Logbara, as having the "real name Ma'di". However, the Keliko regard themselves as Keliko rather than as Ma'di.

</doc>
<doc id="20370655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370655" title="Lackland">
Lackland

Lackland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20370669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370669" title="Owain Brogyntyn">
Owain Brogyntyn

Owain "Brogyntyn" ap Madog (fl. 1186) was the youngest and illegitimate son of king Madog ap Maredudd, the last king of a united kingdom of Powys. He was the son of Madog by the daughter of the "Maer du" or "black mayor" of Rûg in Edeyrnion. He was the brother of Gruffydd Maelor the ancestor of Owain Glyndŵr. Presumably Owain Brogyntyn would have been raised by his mother at Rûg in Edeyrnion. He was acknowledged by his father and granted by him the lordship of Edeyrnion and also Dinmael. It is quite possible that he inherited some of these lands through his maternal grandfather, the "Maer Du", which were confirmed and perhaps extended by his father the king of Powys. At some point he also came into possession of Castle Brogyntyn on the English borders at Selattyn close to Oswestry.
Owain first married Jonet verch Hywel (whose ancestor was Athelstan Glodrudd of the Fifth Royal Tribe) but with her had no children. He next married Marred ferch Einion ap Seisyllt who was to be the mother of his three sons.
His youngest son, Iorwerth ab Owain Brogyntyn, married Efa verch Madoc the sole heir of Madoc, Lord of Mawddwy (the younger son of Gwenwynwyn, prince of Powys Wenwynwyn). The son of Iorwerth and Efa, Gruffudd ab Iorwerth, was confirmed in his lands as "Baron of Edeyrnion" by Edward I under the terms of the Statute of Rhuddlan by which England organised the subjugation of Wales.
According to Philip York writing in 1799 a cup and a dagger belonging to Owain Brogyntyn were preserved at Rûg in Edeyrnion. Later accounts in the "National Gazetteer" dated 1868 state that a cup and dagger in the possession of "Colonel Vaughan of Rhug" were once owned by another Owain of Powys, the much later Owain Glyndŵr. These objects, whoever the original owner, may sadly now be lost.
The direct patrilineal descendants of Iorwerth ab Owain Brogyntyn survived at least until the beginning of the 20th century and are known to genealogy as the Hughes of Gwerclas family.

</doc>
<doc id="20370684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370684" title="Peter D. Robinson">
Peter D. Robinson

Peter D. Robinson (born May 22, 1969) is the Archbishop of the United Episcopal Church of North America, Bishop Ordinary of the Missionary Diocese of the West, and rector of St. Paul's Anglican Church of Prescott, Arizona, which is part of the Continuing Anglican movement. He was born in Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire, England.
Family.
Robinson is the son of David Robinson (1944–2008) and Mary E. Robinson (née Harrison, born 1946). He grew up in Barton Waterside, Barton-on-Humber, Lincolnshire, and was educated locally at Castledyke Primary School and Baysgarth Comprehensive School. 
Robinson married Denise Krogh on November 13, 1999.
Education.
Robinson graduated from the College of Ripon and York St John in 1991 with a B.A.(Hons) degree in history and theology from the University of Leeds.
Ministry.
After a brief period as a lay worker in an open Evangelical parish in the Church of England, Robinson joined the Anglican Catholic Church following the Church of England's decision to ordain women to the priesthood as he identified with the traditional Anglo-Catholic opposition to the move. He attended Holyrood Seminary, Liberty, New York (1993–94) and was ordained deacon by Leslie Hamlett (Bishop of the Missionary Diocese of England and Wales, ACC) on July 3, 1994; and priest by John Whiting (Bishop of Silchester - Traditional Church of England) on December 10, 1995. He served in the Free Church of England from 1996 to 1998, receiving conditional ordination as a presbyter from the FCE Primus, the Right Rev. Cyril Milner, until the growing tensions within that denomination lead to his seeking an alternative. Robinson also served in the Traditional Anglican Communion (1998–2007) before joining the United Episcopal Church of North America in October 2007.
Robinson was minister of Providence Chapel, Barton on Humber, Lincolnshire (1995–99) in the Free Church of England whilst also licensed to the Church of Ireland (Traditional Rite) and assisting in their congregations at Stradbally, Co. Leix, Prehen, Co. Londonderry; and Newtownards, Co. Down as required; during which period her showed an interest in both the Protestant Reformation Society and in the conservative Evangelical pressure group Reform. After moving to the United States, he served as Interim Rector of St. Andrew's Anglican Church, Los Alamitos, California (2000–2001), and has been the rector of St. Paul's Anglican Church in Prescott, Arizona, since 2002. He also served as an examining chaplain in the ACA's Diocese of the West from 2001 to 2007; as President of the Diocesan Standing Committee (2003–2007); and as Area Dean of Arizona (2003–2007). Robinson is also a long-standing member of the Prayer Book Society and has contributed articles to their magazine, "Mandate", on two early American bishops, John Henry Hobart and Richard Channing Moore. Robinson also has links with the Forward in Faith movement, but protested when the organization modified its statement of purpose in July 2013. Bishop Robinson tends to describe himself as being "old-fashioned High Church."
Robinson was elected as a suffragan bishop in the United Episcopal Church in North America on October 29, 2008, at the 9th General Convention of the UECNA in Coshocton, Ohio. His consecration took place on January 10, 2009, at Trinity Lutheran Church, St. Louis, Missouri, and he was consecrated by the UECNA Archbishop, the Most Reverend Stephen C. Reber; the Right Reverend Presley Hutchens of the Anglican Catholic Church and Bishop of the Diocese of New Orleans; and the Right Reverend William Wiygul of the Anglican Province of Christ the King and Bishop of the Diocese of the Southeastern States.
Current.
In November 2009, Robinson was translated to become Missionary Bishop of the West, a post which had been in abeyance since the early 1990s. He continues to serve as Rector of St. Paul's Anglican Church, Prescott, Arizona. He also acts as the liaison officer for the United Episcopal Church in its dealings with the Anglican Catholic Church and the Anglican Province of Christ the King. He assumed responsibility as acting Presiding Bishop of the UECNA upon the retirement of the Most Reverend Stephen C. Reber on September 6, 2010, being the senior diocesan bishop in the UECNA by date of consecration. On May 12, 2011, Robinson was elected Archbishop by the House of Bishops, and confirmed by a vote of the UECNA's 10th General Convention meeting in Heber Springs, Arkansas, becoming the fifth holder of that office since 1981. The same meeting officially recognized the custom of also referring to the UECNA's presiding bishop as the Archbishop, which style had been used formally from 1981 to 1991, and had come into currency again during Archbishop Reber's period in office.
In the summer of 2013, Archbishop Robinson succeeded the Rt. Rev. Ray Sutton as Episcopal Patron of the Anglican Bible and Book Society.
Hobbies and interests.
In his spare time Robinson enjoys reading detective novels and listening to classical music. He is the present Chieftain of the Scots of Prescott, a Scottish cultural organization. He also plays the Scottish Small Pipes and is a member of the Southwest Skye Pipes and Drums, which is based in Williams, Arizona. His other interests include Scottish and Irish folk music, Manx history and culture, as well as model railroading.
External links.
The Old High Churchman blog

</doc>
<doc id="20370694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370694" title="François Gény">
François Gény

François Gény (1861, Baccarat, Meurthe-et-Moselle – 1959) was a French jurist and professor of law at the University of Nancy, who introduced the notion of "free scientific research" to the interpretation of positive law. 
His advocacy of judicial discretion in the interpretation of statutory law had an important influence across Europe. Gény also emphasized that judges should take into account social and economic factors when deciding cases.
Biography.
François Gény was the fourth child of a numerous family of 12 children. His father, Alfred Gény, was a forest warden in Baccarat (North-East of France). His mother, Marie-Eugénie Huin, was the daughter of a scrivener. Two of his brothers became priests, and another one became a teacher in the University of Roma.
François Gény studied law in Nancy (North-East of France) from 1878 to 1887. He got his diploma and became college professor, he taught Roman law in Algiers (1888–1889). He also taught civil law and international law in the University of Dijon (1890–1900), where he met another famous law teacher, Raymond Saleilles. He then taught civil law in Nancy from 1901 to 1931 and became dean of the faculty (1919–1925). He reintroduced classes of natural law named « Philosophical introduction to law study. »
In 1930, he became a member of the French Institute and received the "Légion d'honneur" (French highest decoration) in 1934. Nine universities conferred him the title of Doctorate Honoris Causa: Groningen (1914), Leuven (1927), Warsaw (1929), Brussels (1929), Geneva (1930), Jassy (1934), Lausanne (1935), Basel (1936) and Athens (1937). In 1933, he was elected foreign member of the Boston American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Legal opinions.
At the end of the 19th century, the Civil code of 1804 was still the major reference in French law. This Civil Code was inspired by the French revolution principles, where judges were considered as the « mouth of the law » and obliged to apply it without any interpretations.
However, François Gény decided to use an independent method based on the will of the law-maker. In his work "Method of interpretation and sources of positive private law : a critical essay", published in 1899, François Gény declared that law has different implications. He noted that customs, tradition and scientific studies should be used to identify different interpretations of what is written in the law.
In "Science and technic in positive private law", published from 1914 to 1924, François Gény described a new method of interpretation called "free scientific research" with the goal to discover the origins of principles and rules. With this "free scientific research", he based his studies on various "sciences" such as sociology, economics, linguistics, philosophy and theology, that previous law teachers had not used before.
Political involvement.
In 1936, François Gény was part of a local political group called the "Lorraine national gathering". This group campaigned against the French socialist government elected in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="20370695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370695" title="Water supply and sanitation in Syria">
Water supply and sanitation in Syria

"This article has last been comprehensively updated in November 2010."
Syria is a semiarid country with scarce water resources. The largest water consuming sector in Syria is agriculture. The domestic water use stand only at about 9% of total water use.
A big challenge for Syria is the high population growth with a rapidly increasing demand of urban and industrial water. In 2006 the population of Syria was 19,4 millions with a growth of 2,7%.
Access.
Public water supply systems cover about 95% of the households in urban areas and about 80% in rural areas. 
Drinking Water Supply
In 2002 96% of all urban households were connected to a sewer system. Nearly half (46%) of rural house connections were connected to a pipe sewerage system in 2002. In 2002 about 30% of the rural households were connected to a pit latrine.
Improved Sanitation
Water quality.
All major cities - with the exception of Aleppo – and all rural distribution networks in the rural areas are supplied with water of good quality from springs and groundwater. Major water treatment facilities exist only for the domestic water supply system for Aleppo, which is provided with water from Lake Assad.
Water resources.
Most of the domestic water in Syria is supplied by groundwater, wells and springs. One exception is Aleppo city, which receives water for domestic use by pipelines from the Assad reservoir. However, the city of Homs is supplied with surface water from the Orontes River through a pipeline from Lake Homs.
Wastewater management.
In 2002, total wastewater produced in Syria was estimated at 1,364 million m3. Of this total 550 million m3 (40%) was treated in the cities of Damascus, Aleppo, Homs and Salamieh. All treated wastewater is reused for irrigation.
In October 2009, the Ministry of Housing and Construction (Syria) announced a plan to develop Syria’s wastewater infrastructure. The plan involves the construction of 180 new wastewater treatment plants across the country. Two plants are in the foreground: one located in Jaramanah and the other serving the southern city of As Suwayda. The procurement of the two plants has been assigned to Syrian-Qatari Holding Company (SQHC). SQH had planned to seek potential strategic partners through competitive tenders before February 2010. To increase the attractiveness of the project the Syrian Ministry of Finance has pledged to provide a sovereign guarantee for the agreements that will be signed with the partners. The two new plants would allow reusing treated effluent for agricultural irrigation, an established practice in Syria. However, as of December 2010 the projects were delayed after SQH failed to reach a financial agreement with the government. Also, a law on public-private partnerships that would have been the legal basis for the Build-Operate Transfer (BOT) projects was delayed.
Institutional framework.
The Syrian water sector is presently fragmented and different institutions have overlapping functions and responsibilities. 
The Ministry of Housing and Construction (Syria) (MHC) is responsible for proposing, planning and executing the Government's programme in the field of water supply and sanitation. Through its 14 water and sanitation directorates (Establishments) it is also in charge of providing water supply and sanitation services.
The Ministry of Local Administration (Syria) (MLA) has the task to plan and implement all governmental activities at regional level. MLAE is responsible for the protection of the environment by issuing the required standards and monitoring the quality of water for all uses.
The State Minister for Environment Affairs is responsible for dealing with all main environmental issues.
The Ministry of Irrigation (Syria) is responsible for supplying water for agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="20370710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370710" title="Llangar">
Llangar

Llangar is a former civil parish in Denbighshire in Wales, south west of Corwen, its post town, and north east of Bala. It is situated at the confluence of the rivers Alwen and Dee, and includes the small hamlets of Bryn, Cymer, and Gwynodl. A large portion of the parish is barren. The small village stands on the road from Corwen, by the Vale of Edeyrnion. The Dee is crossed by a bridge about away at Cynwyd. It lies in the "bro" and former cwmwd of Edeirnion.
The church at Llangar is a Grade 1 listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="20370726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370726" title="Astragalus pseudiodanthus">
Astragalus pseudiodanthus

Astragalus pseudiodanthus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Tonopah milkvetch. It is native to the Great Basin deserts of Nevada and eastern California, such as the Tonopah area, where it grows in sandy habitat. 
This plant is named for the very similar "Astragalus iodanthus", of which it is sometimes treated as a variety.
Description.
This is a small mat-forming perennial herb extending several stems from a stem base which lies beneath the surface of the sand. The leaves are up to 5 centimeters long and are made up of small crowded leaflets. The inflorescence is a cluster of reddish purple flowers. 
The fruit is a legume pod up to about 2.5 centimeters long. It is fleshy when new and dries to a leathery texture. 

</doc>
<doc id="20370728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370728" title="Henry Johnston (Irish politician)">
Henry Johnston (Irish politician)

Henry Martin Johnston (11 November 1908 – 9 January 1977) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A farmer by trade, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Meath constituency at the 1959 by-election caused by the death of James Griffin of Fianna Fáil. He lost his seat at the 1961 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20370737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370737" title="Volume Zero">
Volume Zero

Volume Zero or Volume 0 may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20370755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370755" title="Şevket Şahintaş">
Şevket Şahintaş

Şevket Şahintaş is a photographer from Istanbul, Turkey.
A car mechanic by training, Şahintaş has always worked as a taxicab driver. In 2004, he started taking photographs on his nighttime tours, portraying prostitutes, alcoholics and the homeless in Istanbul. 
A passenger became aware of the photographs and helped with their publication on the Internet. Şahintaş's photographs have since become the subject of TV reports and of expositions, most recently in Saint Petersburg, Russia, where a vernissage about contemporary Turkish photography was dedicated to Şahintaş. He continues to work as a taxi driver, stating to journalists that he is not interested in professional photography.

</doc>
<doc id="20370760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370760" title="Gwerclas">
Gwerclas

Gwerclas usually refers to a former castle and farmstead close to Cymmer in the parish of Llangar in the ancient cantref of Edeyrnion, Wales. It is now just an uninhabited upland area. The modest castle found at the site during the early Middle Ages is now completely ruinous. The ancient Barons of Cymmer yn Edeyrnion (known as the Hughes of Gwerclas) cite this place as their ancestral home. Prior to the resettling of the castle in 1186 by the ancestors of the Hughes family it was the power base of the mysterious "Maer Du" or "Black Mayors" of Edeyrnion.

</doc>
<doc id="20370765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370765" title="LB&amp;SCR C class">
LB&amp;SCR C class

The London, Brighton and South Coast Railway (LB&SCR) C class was a type of 0-6-0 freight steam locomotive designed by William Stroudley.
Background.
Four 0-6-0 locomotives were on order from Brighton works at the time that William Stroudley took over from John Chester Craven as Locomotive Superintendent in 1870. He cancelled this order and replaced it with another for two locomotives of his own design, Nos. 83 and 84 which appeared in December 1871. Eighteen further locomotives were constructed between March 1873 and November 1874, Nos. 77-82 by Brighton works and the remainder by Messrs. Kitson & Co.
Use.
The class were powerful locomotives for their time and the design was "an archetype for heavy goods engines in Scotland as well as Southern England," but in other respects were Stroudley's least successful design, suffering from poor steaming. Within a decade of their introduction the class was being replaced by his C1 class 0-6-0 design of 1882–87, on the heaviest trains. Nevertheless they proved to be reliable locomotives and survived for nearly thirty years on secondary freight duties. Members of the class were withdrawn between 1901 and 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="20370780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370780" title="To Hrono Stamatao">
To Hrono Stamatao

To Hrono Stamatao (Greek: "Το Χρόνο Σταματάω"; English: "I'm Stopping Time") is the tenth studio album by Greek pop-rock singer-songwriter Sakis Rouvas, released in December 2003 by Minos EMI in Greece and Cyprus. The album was re-released in May 2004 to contain Rouvas' hit "Shake It" along with a remix, which was Greece's entrant in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 that won third place. Some of the songs from the album can also be found on the 2004 edition European release of the album "Ola Kala" which was used to further promote Rouvas' already stable international career after the Eurovision. The album was also released in other parts of the world such as Turkey and Russia.
Tracklisting.
Original release
Re-release (2004)

</doc>
<doc id="20370792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370792" title="Awithlaknannai Mosona">
Awithlaknannai Mosona

Awithlaknannai Mosona is a two-player strategy board game from the Zuni Native American Indian tribe of New Mexico, USA. It is unknown how old the game is. The game was described by Stewart Culin in his book "Games of the North American Indians Volume 2: Games of Skill" (1907). In this book, it was named Awithlaknan Mosona. Awithlaknannai Mosona resembles another Zuni board game called Kolowis Awithlaknannai (Fighting Serpents) with few minor differences. The former having a smaller board, and depending upon the variant, it also has less lines joining the intersection points. The rules are the same. Awithlaknannai Mosona belongs to the draughts and Alquerque family of games as pieces hop over one another when capturing. It is actually more related to Alquerque, since the board is made up of intersection points and lines connecting them. It is thought that the Spanish had brought Alquerque to the American Southwest, and Awithlaknannai Mosona may have been an evolution from Alquerque. However, in Stewart Culin's 1907 book, the Zunis claim that they had adopted a hunt game from Mexico similar to Catch the Hare and the Fox games of Europe, and transformed it into Awithlaknannai Mosona. In these games, one player has more pieces over the other, however, the other player's piece has more powers. The Zuni's equalized the numbers of pieces and their powers, and also may have transformed the board making its length far exceed its width. Diagonal lines also replaced orthogonal lines altogether. However, the hunt game from Mexico may have used an Alquerque board even though the game mechanics of their new game, Awithlaknannai Mosona, were completely different.
The complete rules to the game were never fully described by Stewart Culin (as a note all rules from other sources may have been based on Stewart Culin's description), in particular, whether captures are compulsory, and whether multiple captures are allowed. However, Stewart Culin's book does state that on the first player's first turn, a piece is moved to the central point of the board (middle intersection point of the middle row), and is jumped by the second player's piece. The second player could have made another move instead of that capture which suggest that capturing is compulsory.
Goal.
The person who captures all of their opponent's pieces is the winner. If no more captures can be done by either player, then the game is a draw, or alternatively, the player with the most pieces left on the board is the winner.
Equipment.
There are two versions of the board perhaps due to the lack of clarity in Stewart Culin's diagram. The rules to both versions are the same. Both versions contain 25 intersection points. The middle row has 9 intersection points, and the two outer rows has 8 intersection points each. One version has lines missing between the intersection points of the outer rows. The other version has them. 
Each player has 12 pieces. One player has the black pieces, and the other player has the white pieces.
Rules and gameplay.
1. Players decide who will play the black pieces, and who will play the white pieces. They also decide who will start first. 
2. Each players pieces are placed on the row nearest them, and on the right side of the middle row from the view of each player. Only the central point of the board is vacant at the start of the game. Throughout the game, pieces are played on the intersection points and moved along the lines connecting them. From here on, the intersection points will simply be called "points". 
3. Players alternate their turns.
4. On a player's turn, one piece may be moved along a marked line onto a vacant adjacent point on the board. The first player's first move is to move a piece onto the central point since that is the only vacant point on the board at the beginning of the game.
5. Alternatively, a piece may leap over an adjacent enemy piece, and land on a vacant point immediately beyond. The leap need not be in a straight line as long as the leap follows the pattern on the board. The jumped piece is removed. Captures are compulsory. Multiple captures are allowed. In fact, a piece that can continue to jump must jump until it can jump no more. 
6. If a player's piece has more than one capturing line, or if a player has more than one piece that can be used to capture enemy pieces, the player may choose any of these options. 
7. The player who captures all of their opponent's pieces is the winner. 
8. When no more captures can be made by either player, the game ends also. The game can be called a draw, or the player with the more pieces left on the board can be called the winner. It is up to the players how they should conclude this type of ending.

</doc>
<doc id="20370796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370796" title="South of the Border (David Murray album)">
South of the Border (David Murray album)

South of the Border is an album by the David Murray Big Band released on the Japanese DIW label. Recorded in 1992 and released in 1993 the album features performances by Murray, Rasul Siddik, James Zoller, Hugh Ragin, Craig Harris, Frank Lacy, Al Patterson, Vincent Chancey, Kalil Henry, John Purcell, Patience Higgins, Don Byron, Sonelius Smith, Fred Hopkins, Tani Tabbal, and Larry McDonald, conducted by Lawrence "Butch" Morris.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20370800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370800" title="Fabiano Gadelha">
Fabiano Gadelha

Fabiano Gadelha, fully Fabiano Ferreira Gadelha (born January 9, 1979) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Boavista. 
His previous clubs include ABC Futebol Clube, Clube Náutico Capibaribe, Marília Atlético Clube, Associação Desportiva São Caetano, Rio Branco Esporte Clube, Sport Club do Recife, Club Sportivo Sergipe, Treze Futebol Clube, Fortaleza Esporte Clube, Associação Desportiva Vitória, Íbis Sport Club and Pohang Steelers in South Korea and Associação Atlética Ponte Preta.

</doc>
<doc id="20370801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370801" title="International public opinion on the war in Afghanistan">
International public opinion on the war in Afghanistan

International public opinion is largely opposed to the war in Afghanistan. A 47-nation global survey of opinion conducted in June 2007 by the Pew Global Attitudes Project found considerable opposition to the NATO military operations in Afghanistan. In 2 out of the 47 countries was there a majority that favoured keeping troops in Afghanistan – Israel (59%) and Kenya (60%). On the other hand, in 41 of the 47 countries pluralities want NATO troops out of Afghanistan as soon as possible. In 32 out of 47 countries majorities want NATO troops out of Afghanistan as soon as possible. Majorities in 7 out of 12 NATO member countries want troops withdrawn as soon as possible.
The 24-nation Pew Global Attitudes survey in June 2008 again found that majorities or pluralities in 21 of 24 countries want NATO troops removed from Afghanistan as soon as possible. In 3 out of the 24 countries – the U.S. (50%), Australia (60%), and Britain (48%) – did public opinion lean more toward keeping troops there until the situation has stabilized. Since then, public opinion in Australia and Britain has shifted, and the majority of Australians and British now also want their troops to be brought home from Afghanistan. Of the seven NATO countries in the survey, not one showed a majority in favor of keeping NATO troops in Afghanistan – one, the U.S., came close to a majority (50%). Of the other six NATO countries, five had majorities of their population wanting NATO troops removed from Afghanistan as soon as possible.
The 25-nation Pew Global Attitudes survey in June 2009 continued to find that the war in Afghanistan is unpopular in most nations and that most publics want American and NATO troops out of Afghanistan. The 2009 global survey reported that majorities or pluralities in 18 out of 25 countries want NATO to remove their troops from Afghanistan as soon as possible. (Changes from 2008 included Tanzania, South Africa, and Australia having been replaced by Israel, Kenya, the Palestinian Territories, and Canada in the survey, and shifts in opinions in India and Nigeria.) In 4 out of 25 countries was there a majority that favoured keeping NATO troops in Afghanistan – the U.S. (57%), Israel (59%), Kenya (56%), and Nigeria (52%). Despite American calls for NATO allies to send more troops to Afghanistan, there was majority or plurality opposition to such action in every one of the NATO countries surveyed: Germany (63% opposition), France (62%), Poland (57%), Canada (55%), Britain (51%), Spain (50%), and Turkey (49%).
In Europe, polls in France, Germany, Britain, and other countries show that the European public want their troops to be pulled out and less money spent on the war in Afghanistan.
International public opinion compared to American public opinion.
In October 2001, a poll by CNN/Gallup/USA Today indicated that about 88% of Americans backed military action in Afghanistan, and a poll by Market Opinion Research indicated that about 65% of Britons supported having British troops involved. On the other hand, a large-scale 37-nation poll of world opinion carried out by Gallup International in late September 2001, found that majorities in most countries favoured a legal response, in the form of extradition and trial, over a military response to 9/11: In 3 of the 37 countries surveyed – the United States, Israel, and India – did majorities favour military action. In 34 out of the 37 countries surveyed, the survey found majorities that did not favour military action: in the United Kingdom (75%), France (67%), Switzerland (87%), Czech Republic (64%), Lithuania (83%), Panama (80%), Mexico (94%), etc.
This dichotomy between American and international public opinion on the military operations continues to be seen, although opposition to the war is growing in the U.S. as well. A Gallup poll conducted July 10–12, 2009 reported that the majority 61% of Americans do not think the U.S. made a mistake in sending military forces in 2001, while 36% of Americans do. 54% also thought things are going well for the U.S.. An Angus Reid poll conducted July 15–18, 2009, found that 55% of Americans support the military operation, while 35% oppose it. 49% of Americans thought their country did the right thing in sending military forces. About half, 48%, of Americans felt that they did not have a clear idea of what the war is about.
Outside the United States international public opinion has been largely opposed to the war. In a 47-nation June 2007 survey of global public opinion, the Pew Global Attitudes Project found considerable opposition to NATO operations. In 4 out of the 47 countries surveyed was there a majority that favoured keeping troops: the U.S. (50%), Israel (59%), Ghana (50%), and Kenya (60%). In 41 of the 47 countries, pluralities want NATO troops out as soon as possible. In 32 out of 47 countries, majorities want NATO troops out as soon as possible. Majorities in 7 out of 12 NATO member countries say troops should be withdrawn as soon as possible.
The 24-nation Pew Global Attitudes survey in June 2008 similarly found that majorities or pluralities in 21 of 24 countries want NATO to remove their troops as soon as possible. In 3 out of the 24 countries – the U.S. (50%), Australia (60%), and Britain (48%) – did public opinion lean more toward keeping troops there until the situation has stabilized. Since that poll, views in Britain and Australia have also diverged from public opinion in the United States, and majorities in both Britain and Australia now want their troops to be brought back home from the war. Of the seven NATO countries included in the survey, none showed a majority in favor of keeping NATO troops until the situation stabilised – only the United States came close to a majority (50%). Of the other six NATO countries, five had majorities of their population wanting NATO troops to be removed as soon as possible: Spain (56%), France (54%), Germany (54%), Poland (65%), and Turkey (72%).
The 25-nation Pew Global Attitudes survey in June 2009 continued to find the war to be unpopular in most nations, with most publics wanting American and NATO troops out as soon as possible. The 2009 global survey reported that majorities or pluralities in 18 out of 25 countries want NATO to remove their troops from Afghanistan as soon as possible. (Changes from the 2008 survey included Tanzania, South Africa, and Australia having been replaced by Israel, Kenya, the Palestinian Territories, and Canada in the survey, as well as shifts in opinions in India and Nigeria.) In 4 out of 25 countries was there a majority that favoured keeping NATO troops in Afghanistan – the U.S. (57%), Israel (59%), Kenya (56%), and Nigeria (52%). In 1 of the 8 NATO countries included in the survey – the U.S. – was there a majority in favour of keeping NATO troops until the situation stabilised. Despite repeated American calls for NATO allies to send more troops to Afghanistan, there was majority or plurality opposition to such action in all seven of the other NATO countries surveyed: Germany (63% disapprove), France (62%), Poland (57%), Canada (55%), Britain (51%), Spain (50%), and Turkey (49%).
The 22-nation Pew Global Attitudes survey released in June 2010 again continued to find the war unpopular in most nations. The poll reported that majorities or pluralities in 16 of 22 countries want the military forces to be withdrawn "as soon as possible". One country out of the 22 was there a majority that supported keeping troops until the situation stabilizes (57% in Kenya).
Growing American opposition to the war.
While support for the war continues to be strongest in the U.S. and Israel, recent polls have also shown growing opposition in the U.S., including majority opposition. -->
A Washington Post – ABC poll conducted July 15–18, 2009 found that just half of Americans, 51%, think the war is worth fighting, while nearly half, 45%, think the war is not worth fighting – a statistical tie within the poll's ±3 point margin of error. The American public is also closely divided on whether the United States is making significant progress toward winning the war, with 46% thinking so and 42% not.
An Associated Press – GfK poll conducted July 16–20, 2009 found that the majority 53% of Americans oppose the war, while 44% support it. It furthermore found that the plurality of Americans, 34%, strongly opposed the war, while 20% strongly favored it. (Another 19% somewhat opposed the war, 20% somewhat favored it, and 3% did not know or declined to answer.)
A CNN – Opinion Research poll conducted July 31 – August 3, 2009 also found that most Americans now oppose the war. In a new low in American public support for the war, 54% of Americans said they opposed the war, while 41% supported it.
Following the August 20, 2009 election in Afghanistan that was characterized by widespread lack of security and massive fraud, and capping off the two deadliest months for U.S. troops in the 8-year war, the CNN-Opinion Research poll conducted August 28–31, 2009 registered the highest level of opposition to the war the poll has yet seen. A majority 57% of Americans now oppose the war in Afghanistan, while 42% still support it.
A Washington Post – ABC News poll conducted September 10–12, 2009 reported that:
The poll found that the plurality 42% of Americans now want a reduction of the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan, and that 26% of Americans think more troops should be sent to Afghanistan.
The CNN – Opinion Research poll conducted September 11–13, 2009, found that American opposition to the war reached a new all-time high, while American support for the war fell to a new all-time low. The majority 58% of Americans now oppose the war, while 39% support it.
Keating Holland, CNN's polling director, observed that:
He noted that support for the war in Iraq had first dropped to 39 percent in June 2005 then generally remained in the low to mid-30s since.
The Associated Press – GfK poll conducted October 1–5, 2009 found the majority 57% of Americans oppose the war, up 4% from July, while 40% favor the war, down 4% from July.
The CNN / Opinion Research poll conducted October 30 – November 1, 2009 found that the majority 58% of Americans oppose the war, while 40% support it. The majority 56% of Americans also oppose sending any more U.S. troops, while 42% favor doing so.
The Pew Research poll conducted October 28 – November 8, 2009 found that the majority 59% of Americans oppose sending any more U.S. troops: The plurality 40% of Americans want the number of U.S. troops to be reduced, and 19% want the number of troops to remain unchanged. 32% support sending any more U.S. troops.
The Gallup poll conducted November 5–8, 2009 found that the majority 51% of Americans oppose sending any more U.S. troops: The plurality 44% of Americans want the number of U.S. troops to be reduced, and 7% want the number to be kept unchanged.
The Associated Press – GfK poll conducted November 5–9, 2009 again found that the majority 57% of Americans oppose the war, while 39% favor it.
The ABC News / Washington Post poll conducted November 12–15, 2009 found that the majority 52% of Americans now say the war is not worth fighting, a new high in opposition for the poll question first asked in 2007, and that 44% say it is worth fighting, a new low in support. The majority 76% of Americans do not feel that withdrawing would increase the risk of terrorism in the U.S. while 23% feel that it would.
The CNN / Opinion Research poll conducted December 16–20, 2009 found that the majority 55% of Americans oppose the war, while 43% support it.
The AP/GfK poll conducted January 12–17, 2010 found that the majority 54% of Americans oppose the war, while 43% support it. The plurality of Americans, 32%, "strongly oppose" the war, while 18% "strongly favor" it. The majority 55% of Americans oppose sending any more U.S. troops, while 41% would support doing so. The plurality 34% of Americans "strongly oppose" sending any more troops, while 17% "strongly favor" doing so.
The ABC News / Washington Post poll conducted April 22–25, 2010 showed that the majority 52% of Americans think the war has not been worth fighting, and the plurality 38% of Americans "strongly" think that it has not been worth fighting. 45% of Americans think that the war being carried out has been worth fighting, with 26% of Americans that feel that way strongly.
The CNN / Opinion Research poll conducted May 21–23, 2010 found that the majority 56% of Americans oppose their country's war, while 42% support it.
The ABC News / Washington Post poll conducted June 3–6, 2010 showed that the majority 53% of Americans think the war has not been worth fighting, and the plurality 41% of Americans "strongly" think that it has not been worth fighting. 44% of Americans think that the war being carried out has been worth fighting, with 26% of Americans that feel that way strongly.
The ABC News / Washington Post poll conducted July 7–11, 2010 found that 76% of Americans want to start withdrawing troops by next summer or sooner: 45% call Obama's plan to start withdrawing troops by next summer "about right", and an additional 31% call for the withdrawal to start even sooner. 18% think the withdrawal should start later. The majority 53% of Americans think the war has not been worth fighting, with the plurality 38% of Americans "strongly" feeling so. The poll reported that support for the war hit a new low in the United States: 43% of Americans think the war has been worth fighting, down sharply since the end of the previous year, and the lowest since the question was asked in February 2007.
The CBS News poll conducted July 9–12, 2010 found that the majority 58% of Americans want their troops withdrawn from the war within the next one or two years, and 35% were willing to have U.S. troops stay longer than two years from now. One-third, 33%, of Americans think large numbers of U.S. troops should be withdrawn in less than a year, another 23% think that should be done within one or two years, and 2% want an immediate withdrawal. 26% of Americans think U.S. troops should remain for as long as it takes, 7% think they should stay another two to five years, and 2% think they should stay for another five to ten years.
The CNN / Opinion Research poll conducted August 6–10, 2010 showed the American public's opposition to the war at an all-time high. The majority 62% of Americans oppose the war, the highest level since the poll question was asked in 2006, while 37% favored the war, an all-time low.
The CNN / Opinion Research poll conducted December 17–19, 2010 again showed the American public's opposition to the war reaching a new all-time high. The majority 63% of Americans oppose the war, the highest level reached since the poll question was asked in 2006, while 35% favored the war, again a new all-time low.
Opposition by the American public to the war also reached an all-time high in polling by ABC News and the Washington Post in December 2010. A record 60% majority of Americans say the war has not been worth fighting, while 34% say it has, a new record low of support of the war. The unpopularity of the war has now reached the levels seen for the war in Iraq. 81% of Americans want the withdrawal of American military forces to begin within a few months – either in the summer of 2011 as pledged by President Obama, or even sooner than that.
In January 2011, the USA Today / Gallup poll of January 14–16 reported that the majority 72% of Americans want the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Afghanistan to be accelerated – including majorities in the three political groups – while 25% disagree. Of note, the plurality of Americans, 41%, "strongly" favor speeding up the withdrawal, while 6% "strongly" oppose doing so.
In March 2011, the Washington Post / ABC News poll of March 10–13 reported that the majority 64% of Americans say that the war is no longer worth fighting – the highest level of American opposition to the war measured by the poll – while 31% thought it was – the lowest level of support to date. Nearly three-quarters of Americans, 73%, want President Obama to withdraw a "substanstial number" of troops this summer – while 21% do not. Nearly half of Americans, the plurality 49%, "strongly" think the war is not worth fighting, while 17% strongly think it is.
Following the killing of Osama bin Laden, the USA Today / Gallup poll of May 5–8, 2011, reported that the majority 59% of Americans think the U.S. has finished its work and its troops should be brought home. 36% disagreed, and not a single major demographic group had a majority that favored keeping U.S. military forces in Afghanistan.
The Associated Press – GfK poll conducted May 5–9, 2011 reported that the majority 59% of Americans oppose the war, with the plurality 32% of Americans "strongly" opposed to it. 37% of Americans favored the war, the lowest level of support to date. The majority 80% of Americans approve of President Barack Obama's decision to end all U.S. combat operations by 2014 and to begin the withdrawal of troops in July, with the plurality 52% "strongly" approving the ending of combat operations. 15% disapproved, with 8% "strongly" disapproving. The majority 83% of Americans think the announced pace of withdrawal is either about right or too slow, while 15% think it is too fast.
The CBS News / New York Times poll of June 24–28, 2011 reported that the majority 58% of Americans oppose the U.S. military involvement in Afghanistan – the highest level of opposition yet recorded by the poll – while 35% thought the U.S. was doing the "right thing" in fighting its war. 79% of Americans approve of the announced withdrawal of all U.S. troops by the end of 2014, with 59% of Americans wanting even more than one-third of all U.S. troops withdrawn within the next year, by the end of summer 2012. Altogether, 85% of Americans – including the 75% of Republicans – want at least one-third of U.S. troops withdrawn within the next year, by the end of summer 2012.
In January 2013, the Media and Public Opinion Research Group reported that most Americans want the U.S. to pull out of Afghanistan: 37% think the U.S. should withdraw troops gradually, while 30.2% say the U.S. should withdraw immediately.
The Pew Research Center poll released at the 10th anniversary of the U.S. invasion reported that the majority 52% of Americans think that, considering the costs versus the benefits to the United States, the war has not been worth fighting, while 41% think it has.
Dichotomy between Republicans and Democrats.
A dichotomy between Republicans and Democrats exists as well. The Associated Press – GfK poll conducted July 16–20, 2009 found 66% of Republicans favoring the war, while 26% of Democrats do.
The CNN – Opinion Research poll conducted July 31 – August 3, 2009 found that nearly two-thirds of Republicans support the war, while three quarters of Democrats oppose the war. CNN polling director Keating Holland said:
An ABC News-Washington Post poll conducted August 13–17, 2009 found that 78% of conservative Republicans think the war is worth fighting, while 22% of liberal Democrats do. 65% of conservative Republicans also think that the U.S. is winning the war. 64% of liberal Democrats want the number of U.S. troopsto be reduced, while 22% of conservative Republicans do.
A McClatchy-Ipsos poll conducted August 27–31, 2009, reported that 66% of Democrats and 67% of independents oppose sending more U.S. troops. In one group was there a majority in favor of sending more troops, with 52% of Republicans favoring a further escalation.
The CNN – Opinion Research poll conducted August 28–31, 2009 again showed that most of the support for the war is from Republicans. Seven in ten Republicans support the war, while nearly three quarters of Democrats oppose the war, as do 57% of independents.
The Washington Post – ABC News poll conducted September 10–12, 2009 found that the majority 56% of Democrats want a reduction of the number of U.S. troops, while the plurality 39% of Republicans want more troops to be sent to the war. 17% of Democrats support sending any more troops. The poll also reported that the majority 59% of Democrats think the "war on terrorism" can be a success without winning, while the majority 66% of Republicans think the war must be won to win the "war on terrorism".
The CNN – Opinion Research poll conducted September 11–13, 2009 found that 23% of Democrats and 39% independents support the war, while a majority 62% of Republicans support the war. The majority 75% of Democrats oppose the war.
The USA Today – Gallup poll conducted September 22–23, 2009 found that the majority 62% of Democrats oppose sending any more U.S. troop, while the majority 63% of Republicans favor sending more U.S. troops. The majority 53% of Democrats want to in fact begin a withdrawal of U.S. troops, while 24% of Republicans want a withdrawal to begin. 30% of Democrats support sending more U.S. troops. Nearly half, 49% of independents oppose sending any more U.S. troops, and the plurality 43% of independents also want to begin to withdraw U.S. troops from Afghanistan.
The Pew Research Center poll conducted September 10–15, 2009 found that 56% of Democrats want to remove NATO troops "as soon as possible", while, in contrast, 71% of Republicans favor keeping them. By nearly two to one, 55% to 29%, Republicans also thought the U.S. is making progress rather than losing ground in defeating the Taliban militarily. Among Democrats and independents 46% and 49%, respectively, said the U.S. is losing ground in defeating the Taliban militarily.
The Associated Press – GfK poll conducted October 1–5, 2009 found that the majority 57% of Democrats oppose sending more troops, while, on the other hand, the majority 69% of Republicans favor sending more troops there.
The Clarus Research poll conducted October 1–4, 2009, found that 17% of Democrats supported sending more troops. The majority 61% of Democrats want to "decrease U.S. troop numbers in Afghanistan and begin to get out". The majority 54% of Republicans favor sending more U.S. troops. Ron Faucheux, president of Clarus Research Group, said:
In a USA Today / Gallup poll conducted October 6, 2009, 59% of Democrats, and 50% of independents, opposed sending any more troops, while 73% of Republicans favored sending more troops. Half, 50%, of Democrats wanted President Obama to begin to withdraw U.S. troops, while 18% of Republicans wanted this.
In the CBS News poll conducted October 5–8, 2009, the majority 52% of Democrats wanted to decrease the number of U.S. troops, while the majority 57% of Republicans want to increase the number of U.S. troops. 27% of Democrats support sending more troops. The majority 76% of Republicans think the U.S. is doing the right thing by fighting the war, while, on the other hand, the plurality 49% of Democrats think the U.S. should not be involved.
In the ABC News – Washington Post poll conducted October 15–18, 2009, the majority 60% of Democrats opposed sending any more U.S. troops, while the majority 69% of Republicans favored sending more troops. 36% of Democrats felt the war was worth fighting, while 71% of Republicans did.
In the Pew Research poll conducted October 28 – November 8, 2009, the majority 70% of Democrats oppose sending any more U.S. troops, while 48% of Republicans favor sending more troops there. The plurality 50% of Democrats want the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan to be reduced, while 25% of Republicans did as well.
In the Gallup poll conducted November 5–8, 2009, the majority 66% of Democrats oppose sending any more U.S. troops, while 63% of Republicans want to send more troops. The majority 60% of Democrats want President Obama to, in fact, begin reducing U.S. troop levels. 26% of Republicans wanted a reduction in troops to begin. Gallup noted:
In the ABC News / Washington Post poll conducted November 12–15, 2009, the political divide in the U.S. over the war continued: the majority 66% of Democrats say the war is not worth fighting, with nearly half of Democrats, 48%, feeling strongly that the war is not worth fighting, while, on the other hand, the majority 60% of Republicans say that it is worth fighting, with 43% of Republicans feeling strongly that it is.
The CNN / Opinion Research poll conducted May 21–23, 2010 noted that the war remained popular with Republicans, with a majority two-thirds of them favoring continuation of the war. 27% of Democrats supported the war, and among independents support has fallen to 40%.
The Pew Global Attitudes survey released in June 2010 also noted the significant partisan difference, finding that nearly two-thirds, a 65% majority, of Republicans wanted to continue to keep the military forces in Afghanistan indefinitely, while 36% of Democrats supported this.
The ABC News / Washington Post poll conducted June 3–6, 2010 similarly reported that the majority 62% of Republicans think the almost-nine-year war imposed on that country has been worth its costs to the U.S., while the majority two-thirds, 66%, of Democrats and 53% of independents think it has not been worth fighting. In fact, the majority 54% of Democrat-leaning Americans "strongly" think that the war has not been worth fighting.
The CBS News poll conducted July 9–12, 2010 also reported the strong partisan divide over the war. The 73% majority of Democrats want a timetable set for withdrawal, while the majority 66% of Republicans do not. The nearly-three-quarters majority, 74%, of Democrats want most U.S. troops to be withdrawn within a year or two, while a majority 52% of Republicans want them to stay longer than another two years.
The CNN / Opinion Research poll conducted October 5–7, 2010 reported that 68% of Democrats oppose the war, while, on the other hand, the majority 51% of Republicans favor the war, the only group of respondents to do so. 28% of Democrats support the war. Among Independents, the majority 61% oppose the war, while 35% support it.
The ABC News / Washington Post poll conducted December 9–12, 2010 continued to find that Republicans remained the most supportive of warfare in Afghanistan: albeit down 35% from the peak in 2007, 50% of Republicans still say the war has been worth fighting in that country. Among Democrats 36% think the war has been worth fighting.
In the CNN / Opinion Research poll conducted December 17–19, 2010, the three-quarters majority of Democrat voters oppose the war, as do more than six in ten independent voters, while, on the other hand, 52% of Republicans, and 52% of Tea Party supporters, supported continuation of the war.
In the CBS News / New York Times poll conducted June 24–28, 2011, the majority 60% of Democrat voters and 63% of independent voters oppose their country's military involvement, while 32% and 28%, respectively, support it. 90% of Democrat voters and 79% of independent voters approved of the plan to withdraw all U.S. troops by the end of 2014. 94% of Democrat voters and 84% of independent voters want at least one-third of U.S. troops withdrawn within a year, by the end of summer 2012. On the other hand, Republican voters were split, with 48% opposed to the U.S. military involvement and 47% supporting it. 67% of Republican voters approve of President Obama's plan to withdraw all U.S. troops by the end of 2014, and 75% want at least one-third of the trooops withdrawn within a year, by the end of summer 2012.
A USA Today / Gallup poll conducted January 14–16, 2011 also reported that, behind an 86% of Democrats and 72% of independents, there was now also 61% of self-identified conservatives calling for an accelerated withdrawal of U.S. troops.
2008.
In 2008, not one of the six NATO allies in the Pew Global Attitudes survey had majority support for keeping troops in Afghanistan, and five of the six had majorities wanting withdrawal as soon as possible. In 2009, not one of the seven NATO allies in the Pew Global Attitudes survey had majority support for continuing to keep military forces there, but all seven of the NATO allies in the survey had majority or strong plurality opposition to sending more troops.
2009.
The June 2009 "Transatlantic Trends" survey of 13 NATO countries, also from an American policy think tank, the German Marshall Fund of the United States, further underlined the publics' opposition to the war in NATO countries involved with the U.S. in Afghanistan.
The majorities of the populations of all 12 of the NATO nations surveyed in Europe and Turkey want their military forces in Afghanistan to be reduced or completely withdrawn – United Kingdom (60%), France (51%), Germany (57%), Italy (55%), Netherlands (50%), Poland (68%), Portugal (52%), Spain (54%), Slovakia (61%), Bulgaria (72%), Romania (61%), Turkey (50%).
The majority 55% of West Europeans and the majority 69% of East Europeans want to reduce or remove their troops from Afghanistan, with complete troop removal called for by 51% of Poles, 50% of Bulgarians, 48% of Romanians, 41% of Britons, and 41% of Germans.
Despite pressure from the Obama administration to increase their troop levels in Afghanistan, the public is strongly opposed in all 12 of the NATO ally countries surveyed. Over 3 out of every 4 people, 77%, in the 12 NATO countries surveyed in the Europe Union and Turkey oppose sending any more troops to Afghanistan. Fewer than 1 in 5 people, 19%, in the 12 NATO countries supported sending more troops.
"(Source: German Marshall Fund of the United States – Transatlantic Trends June 2009, 2010, and 2011 surveys)"
The poll of the NATO countries, conducted in June 2009, about 2 months before the Afghan election, also reported that 56% of Americans were optimistic about stabilizing the situation in Afghanistan, whereas the majority 62% of people in the 12 NATO countries in Europe and Turkey were not.
In the 2009 Pew Global Attitudes Project survey, none of the seven NATO allies surveyed had majority support for keeping NATO troops in Afghanistan. Despite repeated American calls for their NATO allies to send more troops to Afghanistan, there was majority or plurality opposition to such action in all seven of the NATO ally countries surveyed: Germany (63% disapprove), France (62%), Poland (57%), Canada (55%), Britain (51%), Spain (50%), and Turkey (49%).
2010.
In 2010, none of the six NATO allies in the Pew Global Attitudes survey had majority support for keeping troops in Afghanistan. The survey found instead that the majorities and pluralities of the public in 5 out of 6 NATO member countries want the NATO military forces to be removed from Afghanistan "as soon as possible". A 67% majority in Turkey, 58% majority in Germany, 52% majority in France, 49% plurality in Spain, 44% plurality in Poland, and 45% in the United Kingdom all want the NATO military forces to be removed from Afghanistan "as soon as possible".
The Transatlantic Trends June 2010 study by the German Marshall Fund of the United States found that pluralities all of the 12 NATO ally countries surveyed, and majorities in 11 out of 12 of them, want to withdraw all or some of their troops from Afghanistan.
For the 12 European NATO countries surveyed as a whole, 70% think their country should begin to withdraw troops immediately (36%) or in 2011 if conditions permit (36%). 23% think their troops should stay as long as it takes to "stabilize" Afghanistan. The majority 62% of the European NATO populations surveyed want a complete withdrawal of all of their troops (the 43% plurality) or a reduction of troops (19%). 28% would keep the troop numbers at their current levels. 6% would agree to send more troops to Afghanistan.
2011.
The Transatlantic Trends June 2011 study by the German Marshall Fund of the United States found that majorities in the United States (66%) and in all 11 European NATO member countries surveyed – the United Kingdom (69%), Germany (70%), France (64%), Italy (65%), Poland (73%), Portugal (58%), Spain (57%), Netherlands (55%), Romania (67%), Bulgaria (63%), and Slovakia (64%) – want all or some troops withdrawn from Afghanistan. For all 11 European NATO countries taken as a whole, the majority 66% of Europeans in the NATO countries surveyed want all or some of their troops withdrawn from Afghanistan: the plurality 44% want all of their troops to be withdrawn from Afghanistan, another 22% want some of their troops to be withdrawn to reduce the number there. Less than one in three, 29%, support maintaining the current number of troops in Afghanistan, and 3% would support sending yet more troops.
In December 2010, the U.S. Secretary of Defense, Robert Gates, acknowledged the opposition of the public in almost all countries:

</doc>
<doc id="20370846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370846" title="Watharkar">
Watharkar

Watharkar () predominantly denotes a Brahmin in the Northern Karnataka and Southern Maharashtra.
Watharkar (Marathi: वाठारकर/वठारकर) is a rare surname in the states of Maharashtra and Northern Karnataka, India. The surname is derived form "wathar+kar"; "wathar" being a name of village near Satara, Maharashtra; watharkar denotes a family from that place. More than 90% of Watharkars belong to Deshastha Brahmin community. However this surname is also found in Marathas. Very few Protestant Christian families are also having this surname.
Being Brahmins, the traditional occupations of watharkars were as priests of Hindu temples or to conduct religious family ceremonies, village revenue officials, academicians, astrologer, administrators, practicing Ayurvedic medicine. Some are also engaged in farming. Marathi speaking Watharkars can also be found in large numbers outside southern Maharashtra in the former Maratha ruled or Maratha confederacy states/cities of Northern Karnataka namely Belgaum, Bijapur, Bagalkot, Chikkodi, Dharwad, Gulbarga, Raichur, Gadag etc.The watharkars have a surname 'buwa'.
During British Raj, Brahmins in general, found employment as white collar professions such as office clerks and teachers. In modern times, Deshastha occupations range from being factory workers, clerks to being doctors, lawyers, teachers, administrators, IT professionals and engineers, even small businesses. Brahmin women are also going into higher education and as a result can be found in high ranking professions.
In today's world, you will find this surname not just in other parts of Maharashtra and India, but also all over the world, especially in USA and UK. Watharkars are also found in a metro cities like Mumbai and its central suburbs like Bhandup.

</doc>
<doc id="20370850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370850" title="Inside Out (Cam Clarke album)">
Inside Out (Cam Clarke album)

Inside Out (1999) is an album by voice artist Cam Clarke. It consists essentially of covers of popular romantic songs. As a peculiar twist, some lyrics were changed by Clarke to fit the perspective of a gay man.
On the album's booklet, he explained the idea behind the album, as well as its title: "There are love songs in everyone's life that have special meaning. Especially those we heard when we "came of age". Well, when coming of age also includes the realization that you're gay, you learn to overlook the fact that every love song has a man singing about a woman (or vice versa) and your experience is from the "outside" looking "in". I often thought, wouldn't it be nice if I could hear love songs from my perspective?"

</doc>
<doc id="20370887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370887" title="College Basketball on CBS">
College Basketball on CBS

College Basketball on CBS presented by State Farm (usually referred to on air as the Road to the Final Four) is a presentation of men's NCAA Division I basketball games on CBS. In 1982, CBS Sports obtained broadcast television rights to the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship from NBC (who had aired it since 1969).
History.
1980s.
Besides being their first year covering the NCAA tournament, 1982 also marked the first year that the "Selection Show" was broadcast.
For their inaugural season, CBS had to scramble to arrange a regular season schedule as NBC still held exclusive rights to certain conferences. CBS also signed Billy Packer away from NBC to be its top analyst (teaming with play-by-play man Gary Bender and later Brent Musburger and Jim Nantz). Packer also played a key role in helping CBS put together its schedule. In the 1981–82 season, CBS did however, happen to obtain contracts with the Metro and Missouri Valley Conferences. During the 1982 tournament, CBS introduced 11:30 games on Thursday and Friday nights of for the first two weekends. CBS also aired an NBA game in the noon timeslot on Sunday, March 14 while only showing a doubleheader of NCAA games.
"NFL on CBS" broadcaster Tom Brookshier became the subject of controversy because of a remark he made during a Philadelphia Eagles vs. New Orleans Saints game broadcast on December 11, 1983. After a program note for an upcoming telecast of an NCAA men's basketball game involving the University of Louisville, Brookshier said that the players on the Louisville team had "a collective I.Q. of about 40". This resulted in Neal Pilson, then president of CBS Sports, apologizing to Louisville school officials and later suspending Brookshier for the last weekend of the NFL's regular season. Louisville's athletic director, Bill Olsen, felt that the remark was racist, since Louisville's starting five were all African American. Brookshier later apologized, calling his remark "stupid" and "dumb", but was angered over CBS' reaction, saying "I'm not about to be judged on one comment." He added, "I've done a lot of things for charity. Now my own network is bailing out on me and taking me off the air. After 20 years at CBS, I deserve better than this." The apology was accepted by the university, as its president, Donald Swain, invited Brookshier to be the featured speaker at the school's annual football kickoff luncheon in Clarksville, Indiana on August 2, 1984. Brookshier was reinstated in CBS's announcing lineup for the 1984 season, continuing as a network commentator through 1987.
For the 1984 tournament, CBS expanded its coverage on the first Sunday to a tripleheader. The following season marked the first year that CBS aired a regional semifinal tournament doubleheader, leaving ESPN with only one live game each of these nights. 1987 marked the first year that CBS used the song "One Shining Moment" for its tournament epilogue.
1990s.
For the 1990 tournament, CBS expanded its coverage on the first Saturday to show a quadrupleheader. This particular tournament also marked Brent Musburger's last assignment for CBS. Although Musburger was fired on April Fools Day (Sunday during Final Four weekend), he still did play-by-play for the championship game. Musburger had done play-by-play (although he worked in the studio for the first weekends) for CBS' coverage of the Final Four since 1985.
In the 1990–91 season, CBS' February 10 broadcast of a game between UNLV and Arkansas (#1 vs #2 in the nation at the time, respectively) drew the highest rating for a regular season college basketball game since 1985.
In 1991, CBS assumed responsibility for covering all games of the NCAA tournament, with the exception of the single Tuesday night "play-in" game. (The play-in game – between teams ranked 64 & 65 – is televised by ESPN, except for the first one, which was aired on then-CBS owned TNN, and used CBS graphics and announcers.) For the evening sessions in the first round, CBS only came on the air at 7:30 p.m. for basketball in the regions which got a 7:30 game. Otherwise, most of the country was "in the dark" until 8 p.m. 1991 was also the first year that the Saturday regional finals started at 3:30 p.m.
In 1993, CBS adopted their current theme, which has been used in variations ever since (the first update coming in 2003).
The 1995 tournament was the first year that CBS moved the Sunday regional finals to 2:30 p.m. During the 1995–96 season, CBS used a "wheel" concept on selected days. In other words, they used a set of games with start times usually staggered by one hour. For example, CBS might have a game starting at 2 p.m., another one at 3 p.m., and a third one at 4 pm. Some areas of the country would see the 2 p.m. game, then join the middle game in progress around 4 p.m. (likely seeing the second half only), and then join the late game in progress around 5 pm. Other areas might see the first half of the 2 p.m. game, then see the entire 3 p.m. game and then join the late game in progress. CBS would periodically use this concept the next few seasons as well. It would influence how the 2011 tournament was conducted in terms of start times, except now four different networks would be airing games.
With the 1998 tournament, CBS started using the Jim Nantz-Billy Packer team to call games the first weekend. The previous several years, Nantz worked the studio on the first weekend (as was the case with his predecessor, Brent Musburger) while Packer called games with various partners.
2000s.
The Final Four has been broadcast in HDTV since 1999. From 2000 to 2004, only one first/second round site and one regional site were designated as HDTV sites. In 2005, all regional games were broadcast in HDTV, and four first and second round sites were designated for HDTV coverage. Local stations broadcasting in both digital and analog had the option of airing separate games on their HD and SD channels, to take advantage of the available high definition coverage.
In 2001, CBS assigned the team of Jim Nantz and Billy Packer to a Thursday/Saturday tournament regional for the first time ever. The following year had CBS broadcast the Saturday second round quadrupleheader at 1 p.m. and the Final Four to 6 p.m. for the first time.
On March 20 and 21, 2003, CBS provided Iraq War coverage during the afternoon sessions. As a result, ESPN carried the tournament games using CBS announcers. This also led CBS to expand to a quadrupleheader on Sunday March 23. Also in 2003, CBS struck a deal with Yahoo! to offer live streaming of the first three rounds of games under its Yahoo! Platinum service, for $16.95 a month.
For 2004, CBS assigned Jim Nantz and Billy Packer to a Thursday-Saturday regional for the third time in four years. This was also the only year that team of Nantz and Packer worked Thursday-Saturday tournament games on each of the first two weekends. Also 2004, CBS sold access to "March Madness On Demand" for $9.95, which provided games not otherwise shown on broadcast television. The service was free for AOL subscribers. In 2005, the service charged $19.95 but offered enhanced coverage of pregame and postgame interviews and press conferences.
In 2006, "March Madness On Demand" was available free of charge, but dropped the coverage of interviews and press conferences. The service was profitable and set a record for simultaneous online streams at 268,000. "March Madness On Demand" has been available free to online users in all subsequent years.
In addition, CBS College Sports Network (formerly CSTV) broadcast two "late early" games that would not otherwise be broadcast nationally. These were the second games in the daytime session in the Pacific Time Zone, to avoid starting games before 10 a.m. These games are also available via "March Madness on Demand" and on CBS affiliates in the market areas of the team playing. In most markets, stations break between 5 and 7 p.m. EDT for regular late afternoon programming, which consists of local news and the "CBS Evening News", plus other syndicated programming such as "The Oprah Winfrey Show". In areas where "The Price is Right" was pre-empted for basketball, the game show aired in this window. CBS-CS also broadcast the official pregame and postgame shows and press conferences from the teams involved.
Beginning in 2007, all games in the tournament (including all first and second round games) were available in high definition, and local stations were required to air the same game on both their analog and digital channels. However, due to satellite limitations, first round "constant" feeds were only available in standard definition. Some digital television stations choose not to participate in HDTV broadcasts of the first and second rounds and the regional semifinals, and split their signal into digital subchannels to show all games going on simultaneously. Most notably, WRAL-TV in Raleigh, North Carolina has split its digital signal four ways since 2000 to show all of the games. In 2007, CBS broadcast all games from each regional site in HDTV, however, due to limitations in the CBS broadcast center, only the "Flex" feeds were in HD, constant feeds were in SD. Upgrades at the CBS broadcast center allowed all feeds, flex and constant, to be in HD for the 2008 tournament.
For the 2008 tournament, CBS moved the Saturday regional final doubleheader to 6:30 p.m. 2008 also marked the last NCAA tournament to be broadcast by Billy Packer (as he would be replaced by Clark Kellogg), a run that started in 1974.
2010s.
Despite CBS' contract to carry the tournament until 2013, the NCAA had the option of ending the agreement after the 2010 championship. This led to speculation that ESPN would snag the rights to future tournament games However, on April 22, 2010, the NCAA signed a 14-year agreement with CBS and Turner Broadcasting System worth more than $10.8 billion, allowing CBS to continue airing the entire regional finals through the national championship, with CBS and Turner splitting coverage of earlier rounds in the now 68-team field. After 2015, the regional finals, Final Four and national championship will alternate between CBS and TBS.
CBS receives the same number of "windows," or time slots, for its tournament coverage as in previous years. However, all games will now be nationally – rather than regionally – televised. Both games from a particular section and site are shown back-to-back on the same network each day, except for the second session on March 20, 2011, which was split between CBS and TruTV so that CBS could show "60 Minutes" at its regular time, or as close to it as possible. CBS also keeps coverage of the Division II final, which is part of the larger contract for this tourney.
As of December 14, 2013, CBS' college basketball games are now presented in a full letterbox picture, with the standard-definition feeds now showing a down-scaled version of the network's native HD feed (similar to that of Fox Sports and ESPN).
Tournament feed overview.
Former.
Until 2010, CBS broadcast the remaining 63 games of the NCAA tournament proper. Most areas saw only eight of 32 first round games, seven second round games, and four regional semifinal games (out of the possible 56 games during these rounds). Coverage preempted regular programming on the network, except during a 2 hour window from about 5 ET until 7 ET when the local affiliates could show programming. The CBS format resulted in far fewer hours of first-round coverage than under the old ESPN format, but allows the games to reach a much larger audience than ESPN is able to reach.
CBS provided three sets of feeds from each venue, known as "constant" "swing" and "flex." Constant feeds remained primarily on a given game, and were used primarily by stations with local interest in a game. Despite its name, a constant feed would occasionally veer away to other games for brief updates, but coverage generally remained with the initial game. Swing feeds tended to stay on games of natural interest, such as teams from local conferences, but would go to other games that are close. On a flex feed, coverage bounced around from one venue to another, depending on action at the various games in progress. If one game was a blowout, coverage would switch to a more competitive game. Flex games had no natural interest for the stations carrying them, allowing the flex game to be the best game in progress. Station feeds were planned in advance and stations had the option of requesting either constant or flex feed for various games. All games on DirecTV's Mega March Madness were the constant feed.
The entire country saw the regional finals, the national semifinals, and the national championship.
Current.
As of 2011, CBS airs all of their games nationally. They will air a total of 26 games in 2011 (which does not include the games Turner Sports shows): eight second round games (four games per day), seven third round games (four games the first day and three games on the second due to a showing of "60 Minutes", as previously mentioned), four games in the Sweet Sixteen (two games per day), all of the Elite Eight (four games) and Final Four games (2 games), and the Championship Game.
Results.
Each year, CBS broadcasts a number of regular-season match-ups from every major conference in addition to the Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament.
Commentators.
Greg Gumbel is the main studio host. Jim Nantz and Greg Anthony are the lead NCAA tournament broadcast team, with Verne Lundquist replacing Nantz for regular season action.
Theme music.
The current theme for CBS' coverage, simply titled "CBS NCAA Basketball Theme", was written by Bob Christianson and has been in use by the network since the 1992–1993 season. While different arrangements have been used over that time, the melody has remained largely the same. The theme has also carried over to TBS, TNT and truTV as part of its tournament coverage partnership with CBS. Although this new theme is different from the CBS version, it is only used for the NCAA Tournament. CBS still uses the theme it has used since 2004 as its main theme for its regular-season coverage.
At the end of CBS' coverage, a highlight reel featuring memorable moments from the tournament is shown, set to the song "One Shining Moment" originally written and performed by David Barrett (1987-1993, 2000-2002), and subsequently covered by Teddy Pendergrass (1994-1999), Luther Vandross (2003-2009, 2011-), and Jennifer Hudson (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="20370895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370895" title="Watson-class vehicle cargo ship">
Watson-class vehicle cargo ship

The Watson class vehicle cargo ship is a class of vehicle cargo ships, used for prepositioning of Army vehicles. The class comprises eight of Military Sealift Command's nineteen Large, Medium-Speed Roll-on/Roll-off Ships and is part of the 33 ships in the Prepositioning Program.
The lead ship of this class is USNS "Watson" (T-AKR-310). The class, as with the lead ship, was named for Private George Watson, a Medal of Honor Recipient.
The lead ship of the class was laid down on 23 May 1996, launched on 26 July 1997, and put into service in the Pacific Ocean on 23 June 1998. The most recent ship of the class is the USNS "Soderman" (T-AKR-317), laid down on 31 October 2000, launched on 26 April 2002, and put into service in the Pacific Ocean on 24 September 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20370904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370904" title="Edson Araújo">
Edson Araújo

Edson Araújo da Silva, shortly Edson Araújo (born July 26, 1980) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward.
His previous clubs include Daejeon Citizen in South Korea, Sivasspor in Turkey, Omiya Ardija in Japan, Fortaleza Esporte Clube, Santa Cruz Futebol Clube, Clube Atlético Mineiro, Sport Club Corinthians Paulista and Associação Portuguesa de Desportos.

</doc>
<doc id="20370910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370910" title="Molecular Conceptor">
Molecular Conceptor

The Molecular Conceptor Learning Series, produced by Synergix Ltd, is an interactive computer-based learning suite that teaches the principles and techniques used in everyday drug discovery. The Molecular Conceptor Learning Series comprises five modules each of which are designed to give students and professionals in the drug discovery field the comprehensive training necessary to face even the toughest drug design challenges. The modules are:
The Molecular Conceptor Learning Series presents the fundamental topics surrounding computer-aided drug design from basic principles to more in-depth examination and using interactive 3D technology, practical examples and many case studies, the concepts, methodologies and techniques used in drug discovery are brought to life.
International experts in the field of drug discovery have shared their skills, knowledge and experiences, and allowed the Synergix Ltd team to create The Molecular Conceptor Learning Series, an elearning tool that provides both students and professionals of the life sciences sector with the day-to-day knowledge and skills required to make an impact on modern drug discovery.
The concept.
The concept behind the Molecular Conceptor Learning Series aims to bring together, in a ready-digested format, the necessary knowledge surrounding the skills, techniques and approaches used by the drug discovery team as a whole. It provides all the information needed by the medicinal chemist to allow him to analyze, understand and make informed decisions concerning the design of a drug, thus enabling them to contribute effectively to the drug discovery process.
Contents.
The full Molecular Conceptor Learning Series can be broken down into 10 main volumes, which are broken down into a number of chapters, each of which tackles a different aspect of drug design. The 10 volumes are as follows:
Molecular Conceptor, Version 1, was first released in December 2001 with 600 pages. Since then the software has developed and grown and in Oct 2010, Version 2.14 was released with more than 5000 pages.

</doc>
<doc id="20370919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370919" title="Astragalus pulsiferae">
Astragalus pulsiferae

Astragalus pulsiferae is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Ames' milkvetch. It is native to California and Nevada, and it is known but rare in Washington. It is known from many habitat types, including mountains and plateaus. 
Description.
This is a very small perennial herb forming small mats or patches on the ground. The hairy stems are generally less than 3 centimeters long. The leaves are up to about 5 centimeters long and are made up of several oval shaped leaflets. The inflorescence is an array of 3 to 13 small flowers, each white with purplish veins and tips. 
The fruit is a rounded legume pod 1 or 2 centimeters long which dries to a very thin papery texture and has a coat of hairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20370922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20370922" title="Nōin">
Nōin

Nōin 能因 (988-1051?). Japanese poet and monk of the late Heian period. Lay name: Tachibana no Nagayasu 橘永愷. Along with Izumi Shikibu, Nōin is one of "Thirty-six Medieval Poetry Immortals" (中古三十六歌仙) of waka poetry selected by Fujiwara no Norikane 藤原範兼 (1107–1165). 
Nōin authored of the "Gengenshu" 玄々集　and "Nōin's Utamakura" 能因歌枕. One of his poems is anthologized in the "Hyakunin isshu (Poem 69):
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
三室の山の 
龍田の川の
Arashi fuku
mimuro no yama no
momiji-ba wa
tatsuta no kawa no
nishiki narikeri
Blown by storm winds,
Mt. Mimuro's autumn leaves
have become Tatsuta river's
richly hued brocade!
</poem>

</doc>
