<doc id="20477217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477217" title="Bangalore Fort">
Bangalore Fort

Bangalore Fort was originally built by Kempe Gowda in 1537 a feudatory of the Vijaynagar Empire and the founder of Bangalore as a mud fort. It was converted into a stone fort by Haider Ali in 1761. It was a stronghold of Tipu Sultan that was captured by the army of the British East India Company led by Lord Cornwallis on 21 March 1791 during the Third Mysore War (1790–1792). Only the Delhi gate of the fort presently exists on Krishnarajendra Road bearing a marble plaque recording the spot where a breach in the fort wall delivered Bangalore Fort to the British. There also exists a wooden palace of Tipu sultan, and his armoury in the old fort area. The fort has provided the setting for the treasure hunt in the book Riddle of the Seventh Stone.
History.
The confirmed history of the Bengaluru Fort is traced to 1537, when Kempe Gowda I (pictured), a Chieftain of the Vijayanagara Empire, widely held as the founder of modern Bangalore (now renamed as Bengaluru), built a mud fort and established the area around it as Bengaluru Pete as his province.
Kempegowda I who showed remarkable qualities of leadership from his childhood had a grand vision to build a new city which was further fueled by his visits to Hampi (now a UNESCO heritage city) the then beautiful capital city of the Vijayanagar Empire. He persevered with his vision and got permission from the King Achutaraya, the ruler of the empire, to build a new city for himself. The King gifted 12 hoblis (revenue subdivisions) with an annual income of 30,000 varahas (gold coins) to his Chieftain Kempegowda to meet the expenses of his venture of building a new city.
Kempegowda moved from his ancestral land of Yelahanka to establish his new principality, having obtained support from King Achutaraya. One version for the site selection process for the fort and the Bengaluru Pete is that during a hunting expedition along with his Advisor Gidde Gowda, he went westward of Yelahanka and reached a village called Shivasamudra (near Hesaraghatta) some from Yelahanka where, in a tranquil atmosphere under a tree, he visualized building of a suitable city with a fort, a cantonment, tanks (water reservoirs), temples and people of all trades and professions to live in it for his future capital. It is also said that an omen of an uncommon event of a hare chasing away a hunter dog at the place favoured selection of the place and a dream of goddess Lakshmi (Hindu Goddess of wealth) that prophesized good indications of the events to happen further sealed his decision on the place for his capital. Following this event, on an auspicious day in 1537, he conducted a ground breaking ritual and festivities by ploughing the land with four pairs of decorated white bulls in four directions, at the focal point of the junction of Doddapet and Chikkapet, the junction of the present day Avenue Road and Old Taluk Kacheri Road (OTC).
Thereafter, he constructed a mud fort (now in the western part of the city), with a moat surrounding it and which had nine large gates. Building of the mud fort is also steeped in a legend which is a tragic but heroic story. During the construction of the Fort it was said that the southern gate would fall off no sooner than it was built and human sacrifice was indicated to ward off the evil spirits. Kempe Gowda could not accept such a situation nor permit any such event to occur. But his daughter-in-law, Lakshamma, realising her father-in-Law's predicament, beheaded herself with a sword at the southern gate in the darkness of night. Thereafter, the fort was completed without any mishap. In her memory, Kempegowda built a temple in her name in Koramangala. Thus, Kemepgowda's dream fructified and the Bengaluru Pete evolved around the Mud fort called the Bangalore Fort.
In 1637-38, the Bangalore Fort under Kempegowda’s rule was very prosperous and rich. Rustam i Zaman, the commander under the Bijapur Sultanate who was on a war campaign, and after he had captured the Sira Fort close to Bangalore, wanted to capture the Bangalore Fort and the city. However, Kasturi Ranga Nayak who had been given the Sira Fort to hold, prevailed on Rustam i Zaman not to attack the fort even though he, after capturing the town, had surrounded the fort with 30,000 strong cavalry. Kempe Gowda managed to get Nayak withdraw the troops. Randaula Khan, who was not convinced with the action of Nayak in withdrawing the troops, met Nayak in his tent and promised him more rewards and also recognition under the Bijapur rulers, Nayak releneted but advised Randaula not to attack the fort at that time and that he would manage surrender of the fort by Kempegowda eventually. Soon enough he prevailed on Kempegowda to surrender the fort with all its riches without any battle. Rustom-i-Zaman then took over the fort and handed over its management to Shahji along with other territories, which he had recently conquered, with Bangalore as his headquarters.
This mud fort was converted and enlarged into the present stone fort during Chikkadeva Raya Wodeyar's rule between 1673 AD – 1704 AD. In 1761, it was renovated by Hyder Ali who made it strong with stones. A part of the fort was subject to bombing by British army when they fought a battle against Tipu Sultan, son of Hyder Ali. Tipu Sultan repaired the fort later. Inside the fort, there is temple dedicated to Lord Ganapathy.
In March 1791 the Army of the British East India Company led by Lord Cornwallis laid siege to the Bangalore fort during the Third Mysore War (1790–1792). Following tough resistance by the Mysore army led by the Commandant Bahadur Khan in which over 2000 people were killed the Fort was breached on 21 March near the Delhi Gate and captured by the British East India Company. In the words of the British chronicler Mark Wilks “Resistance was everywhere respectable.” With the capture of the Bangalore Fort the Army of British East India Company replenished supplies and obtained a strategic base from where it could attack the Capital of Tippu Sultan, Srirangapatna.
Fort structure.
The Bangalore fort, ca. 1791, was described as follows:
Present status.
All that remains of the Fort is the Delhi Gate and remnants of 2 bastions. Dismantling of the Fort started with the British Conquest of Bangalore in 1791 and continued till the 1930s Ramparts and walls made way for roads while arsenals, barracks and the other old buildings quickly made way for colleges, schools, bus stands, and hospitals. In November 2012 workers at the neighbouring Bangalore Metro construction site unearthed 2 huge iron cannons weighing a ton each with cannonballs dating back to the times of Tipu Sultan.

</doc>
<doc id="20477254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477254" title="Jewels and Bullets">
Jewels and Bullets

"Jewels And Bullets" is the second single from the album Hi Fi Way by Australian rock band You Am I. It was released in 1995 and reached number 93 in the 1995 Triple J Hottest 100.
Track listing.
Tracks 1 and 2 (Rogers). Track 3 (Allison).
The "Jaimme's Got A Gal" remix features strings and additional guitar and percussion.
"Young Man Blues" is a cover of the Mose Allison song brought to prominence by The Who. It was recorded live at Memorial Stadium, Seattle on August 13, 1994 while supporting Soundgarden on their national tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20477282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477282" title="List of Kumaonis">
List of Kumaonis

Kumaoni or Kumauni people are people from the Kumaon division of Uttarakhand, a region in the Indian Himalayas.

</doc>
<doc id="20477301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477301" title="Ontario Peak">
Ontario Peak

Ontario Peak, at 8,693 ft, is a high peak in the San Gabriel Mountains of California. Like neighboring Cucamonga Peak, it is on the San Bernardino National Forest, and in the Cucamonga Wilderness. The peak is named for the nearby city of Ontario about due south, and first appeared in the General Land Office Forest Atlas in 1908.
The most accessible trailhead for hiking Ontario Peak is in Icehouse Canyon. Forest Service Trail 7W07 leads from here to Icehouse Saddle, from which the Ontario Peak Trail leads to the summit. This route is round trip, with of elevation gain.

</doc>
<doc id="20477323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477323" title="Franz Schubert (film)">
Franz Schubert (film)

Franz Schubert (original German title: "Franz Schubert – Ein Leben in zwei Sätzen") is a 1953 Austrian film depicting composer Franz Schubert's life and work.
Plot.
Franz Schubert works as an assistant teacher in the school led by his father. In his spare time, however, the young man, who considers Ludwig van Beethoven to be his unattainable role model, devotes himself to writing music. As public acceptance is denied to him, his friends lobby at the music publisher Anton Diabelli for a public performance of Schubert's music. During a reception, at which Schubert performs his "Ave Maria", he gets to know singer Therese Grob.
Schubert decides to quit the employment at his father's and, instead, to concentrate merely on music, and moves in his with friends, poets Franz von Schober and Moritz von Schwind and painter Johann Mayerhofer. There, he is inspired to set Johann Wolfgang von Goethes ballad "Der Erlkönig" to music.
Schubert friends encourage him to play his music in public. Schubert and Therese, who sings his songs, are made one. The two make a living with performing Schuberts songs. Schubert, though, develops doubts, whether he can express himself in songs appropriately, and so decides to turn to writing symphonies and operas. As Schubert applies for the position of a Vice Director of Music, Therese hands over to the Secretary of the Court Theatre Schuberts latest work, the "Unfinished Symphony". Disagreements arise during the rehearsals for Schubert's latest opera, as the singer of the leading part considers the music too difficult to sing; music publishers Tobias Haslinger and Anton Diabelli reject his music. Even his very promising application as a Vice Director of Music proves to be unsuccessful.
Thus, depressed Schubert decides to tour his songs in order to make a living; in this period of time, he writes the "Winterreise".
After having returned, Schubert decides to have lessons in counterpoint with Beethoven, but shies away from contacting his idol. Shortly later, while being plagued by health problems, Schubert gets a visit from Beethoven's secretary Anton Schindler.
Sickly Beethoven sends some Goethe poems to Schubert to be set in music, as Beethoven regards Schubert to be the better song composer. As Schubert wants to visit Beethoven, he arrives too late: Beethoven has died; Schubert is one of the torchbearers during Beethoven's funeral. Suffering from more and more serious health problems, Schubert is no longer able to perceive the success of a public performance of his music; he dies one year after his idol.

</doc>
<doc id="20477350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477350" title="Sergei Kolosov">
Sergei Kolosov

Sergei Afanasyevich Kolosov (; born May 22, 1986) is a professional Belarusian ice hockey defenceman. He is currently playing with HK Neman Grodno of the Belarusian Extraleague. Kolosov was drafted by the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL) in 2004, and signed a contract with the team on June 25, 2008.
He played for the Belarusian national team at the 2008 IIHF World Championship. He also participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Belarus National men's ice hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="20477410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477410" title="Sino Hotels">
Sino Hotels

Sino Hotels (Holdings) Limited () is a hotel operator based in Hong Kong but incorporated in the Cayman Islands. It is affiliated with Sino Land Company Limited in Hong Kong and the Far East Organization in Singapore.
Properties.
Sino Hotels operates four hotels and a yacht and country club, including the City Garden Hotel, the Hong Kong Gold Coast Hotel, the Island Pacific Hotel, the Royal Pacific Hotel and Towers and the Gold Coast Yacht and Country Club in Hong Kong. It also manages the Fullerton Hotel in Singapore.
Board members.
Sino Hotels' board consists of the chairman, Robert Ng, as well as three executive directors:
And five non-executive directors:

</doc>
<doc id="20477412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477412" title="Tobacco Act (Canada)">
Tobacco Act (Canada)

The Tobacco Act (also known as Bill C-71) is a Canadian law passed in 1997 to regulate the sale and production of tobacco products. It replaced the Tobacco Sales To Young Persons Act of 1994 as well as the Tobacco Products Control Act of 1989. The Tobacco Act was last amended on July 5, 2010.
Purpose.
The purpose of the act is to protect the health of Canadians by imposing limits on the sale and production of tobacco products. It increases awareness of the health risks associated with use of tobacco products. The act also protects young people by restricting the age of purchase.
Regulations Made Under The Act.
Tobacco (Access) Regulations.
The legal age to purchase tobacco products varies with each province. A person may be asked for documentation to verify their age before purchasing a tobacco product. Under the act, suitable forms of identification includes a driver's license, passport, Canadian permanent resident document, certificate of Canadian citizenship with signature, or a Canadian Armed Forces identification card. Forms of identification issued by a provincial, federal, or foreign government with a signature, photo, and date of birth are also accepted. In addition, every retailer must a place a sign near the tobacco products. The sign must adhere to the specifications outlined in the Tobacco Act. It must be in a visible location with a surface area no smaller than 600 cm2 with the following text:
Tobacco Products Labelling Regulations (Cigarettes and Little Cigars).
Tobacco products must have legible packaging with text in both of Canada's official languages, English and French. The package must contain health warnings and information on toxic emissions, either in the form of text or pictures and text. They must be displayed on equal opposite sides of the packaging, on the largest visible side, and on the lid. The warnings may also be included on a leaflet that is visible when accessing the product.
Promotion of Tobacco Products and Accessories Regulations (Prohibited Terms).
The Tobacco Act prohibits the promotion and advertising of tobacco products when the terms "light" or "mild" are used. This applies to products, packaging, and accessories associated with tobacco. A retailer also cannot display these products if "light" and "mild" are on the packaging.
Cigarette Ignition Propensity Regulations.
The act requires that every brand of cigarettes manufactured on or after October 1, 2005 be tested by manufacturers to make sure the cigarette burns up completely less than 25% of the time. The test is to be conducted using 10 layers of filter paper and each cigarette tested must be of the same brand.

</doc>
<doc id="20477444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477444" title="Mattru Jong">
Mattru Jong

Mattru Jong commonly known as Mattru (sometimes spelled Matru) is a major fishing town on the mainland of Bonthe District in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone. It is the capital of Bonthe District, located along the Jong River, 52 miles southwest of Bo. It is the seat of the Jong Chiefdom, and home of Paramount Chief Alie Badara Sheriff III. The town's estimated population in 2010 is 8,199. In 2004 the town had a population of 7,647. The main industries in Mattru Jong are fishing, rice-growing, cassava-farming, and palm oil production. The town is largely inhabited by the native Sherbro and Mende people. The town has several secondary schools, a major hospital and a police station, operated by the Sierra Leone Police Force.
Name and founding legend.
The name Mattru Jong is said to be derived from the Mende words "Mo-Tewoo," meaning "Place of the Buffalos." According to legend a hunter from Senehun, a village on the bank of the Jong river, canoed across the river in search of game. He was successful in capturing and slaughtering a large buffalo on the opposite side of the river. As more hunters found out about the location and its plentiful supply of buffalo, people began to settle there, rather than return across the river to Senehun.
Hospital.
Mattru Hospital was founded as a dispensary in 1950 by missionary nurses from the United Brethren in Christ (UBC). By 1959 the dispensary had become a 15-bed hospital. The hospital continued to grow in capacity during the 1960s and 1970s, and by 1981 Mattru Hospital had grown to 69 beds, with pediatrics, obstetrics, surgical, and outpatient units, and x-ray and laboratory facilities.
In 1994 the hospital was shut down because of the threat of civil war violence, and international personnel working in the hospital were evacuated from the country. The hospital was destroyed by Revolutionary United Front (RUF) rebels during the war.
After the war, Mattru Hospital was rebuilt and reopened by Doctors Without Borders in 2001. They turned the hospital over to the UBC's Sierra Leone Conference in 2002.
In October 2009 the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) provided funding through the office of Sierra Leone's First Lady, Sia Nyama Koroma to refurbish and "re-brand" the hospital as a "centre of excellence."
On March 31, 2010 President Ernest Bai Koroma visited Mattru Jong Hospital in order to assess its preparedness for the planned April 27, 2010 rollout of free medical services for pregnant women, lactating mothers, and children under the age of five. Staffing, electricity supply and confusion over the hospital's funding status (as a part mission-, part government-run entity) were seen as the major challenges to the hospital's effectiveness.
Civil war.
RUF rebels fighting in the Sierra Leone Civil War captured Mattru Jong at the end of January, 1995. They faced little military resistance as the Sierra Leone Army (SLA) had already withdrawn from the town. Earlier in January the RUF had briefly taken over the Sierra Rutile Company mine in Imperi Chiefdom, Bonthe District, about 10 miles north west of Mattru Jong, but it was recaptured by the end of January. Most of the RUF forces who captured Mattru Jong entered from the direction of Imperi Chiefdom but some may have come from Sumbaya, Lugbu Chiefdom, Bo District, about fifteen miles east of Mattru Jong. Upon settling in Mattru Jong, the RUF set up its own governing structures in the town. The RUF stole medical supplies from the hospital and used it as a training base. Another base known as "Camp Lion" was set up at Gambia Palm Oil Plantation, nine miles from Mattru Jong. The RUF remained in Mattru Jong for eight months until it was recaptured by the SLA in October, 1995.
Communications.
Mobile phone company Airtel provides coverage of the Mattru Jong area. The service was launched in 2006 by Celtel (now owned by and renamed Airtel). A Western Union branch is located in the town.
Visits by First Lady.
Mattru Jong has been visited by Sierra Leone's First Lady, Madam Sia Nyama Koroma once in 2009 and once in 2010. In February 2009 Madam Koroma addressed supporters of the All People’s Congress (APC) at the compound of Late Paramount Chief Goba in Mattru Jong. According to a statement released by her office, some of the issues faced by people in Bonthe district that she had identified during her visit included "improper health care delivery, poor infrastructure, poor water and sanitation and inadequate means to transport their agricultural produce from place to place". In February 2010 it was reported that Madam Koroma would be visiting Bonthe District, including Mattru Jong, as part of an effort to investigate the district's health care needs, especially those of women. A meeting with the board of Mattru Jong Hospital was scheduled and Madam Koroma was also expected to give the keynote speech at a graduation ceremony for nurses who had been trained at the hospital.
"A Long Way Gone".
The town was featured prominently in the book "A Long Way Gone" by Ishmael Beah, a memoir of the author's experiences during the Sierra Leone Civil War. Beah and his brother were visiting Mattru Jong with a group of friends when he learned that his home village of Mogbwemo had been attacked by rebels. Beah and his friends remained in Mattru Jong until the rebels arrived there about one month later.

</doc>
<doc id="20477460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477460" title="Barry Fey">
Barry Fey

Barry Fey (1938- April 28, 2013) was an American rock concert promoter from Colorado who was best known for bringing prominent music acts to the United States for the first time.
Career.
Fey's first concert was Baby Huey and the Babysitters in 1965 at the American Legion Hall in Rockford that made only $92. On December 26, 1968 Fey promoted the first Led Zeppelin show in North America. In June 1969, Feyline presented the 3 day Denver Pop Festival, which featured the final performance of The Jimi Hendrix Experience. Fey promoted more shows with The Rolling Stones and The Who than anybody else before the days of the "national tours."
In 1976 Fey's company Feyline started his "Summer of Stars" concert series at Red Rocks Amphitheater. For three consecutive years (1978, 1979, 1980) Fey was voted promoter of the year by "Billboard" magazine.
In 1983 Fey, Chris Blackwell, and U2 produced the "" concert film.
In 1997, Fey was voted into the Touring Hall of Fame by "Performance" magazine.
In 1998, Fey was the majority owner of Breeder's Cup Sprint champion Reraise.
Besides concerts Fey has been credited with saving the bankrupt Denver Symphony, and forming the Colorado Symphony Orchestra. He put them on a pay as you go basis, which allowed the symphony to thrive. When the historic Paramount Theater in downtown Denver was facing destruction, Fey stepped in, and signed a ten-year contract, saving the building.
In 1983, he opened the doors for Major League Baseball in Denver by teaming up with Joe DiMaggio, Mickey Mantle, Willie Mays, and putting on an old timers baseball game.
In 1991, Fey merged with Universal Concerts, which later bought him out in 1997, after a 30 year career. In an interview with "Image" magazine they called Fey, "Not only the best promoter in the land, but "A National Treasure."
President Bill Clinton videotaped a message of thanks and congratulations upon Fey's retirement in 1997.
In 2009 Fey got his own radio show called "Behind the Scenes with Barry Fey" on Mile High Sports Radio, 1510 AM that discussed the music business and sports with callers.
On January 1, 2010 his official website titled the "Rockfather" was launched where he announced that he would be teaching a class "Real History of Rock -n- Roll" at the University of Colorado beginning in February and doing speaking engagements worldwide. He also announced that he was in negotiations to write a tell all book about the music business.
On November 1, 2011 Fey announced the completion of his book ""Backstage Past"" with forewords written by Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne and Pete Townshend.
Death.
In spring of 2013, Fey had hip-replacement surgery and struggled afterwards. Unusually dour in the weeks before his death, of the surgery ordeal, Fey said, "They tell you it's a major surgery, but they don't tell you how hard it's going to be." With his son Geoffry taking care of him after the surgery, Fey had arranged for his other sons to also be near him. Fey committed suicide on Sunday, April 28, 2013, quite literally between a breakfast omelet order with son Geoffry and its delivery.
The Barry Fey Foundation was formed "to eradicate suicide in our Colorado entertainment community." The planned 30th anniversary Red Rocks showing of U2's “Under a Blood Red Sky”, a foundation fundraiser in conjunction with the Denver Film Society, was cancelled so as not to compete with fundraising efforts for the devastating mid-September Colorado floods. They plan to show the film in 2014 as part of the popular Film on the Rocks series.
Years ago, Fey had made a deal with a former mayor of Morrison, home of the Red Rocks Amphitheater, to be buried at the residents-only cemetery just below his beloved Red Rocks, but the paperwork was lost and the request denied. The back-up plan was to scatter Fey's ashes at Red Rocks.
References.
The Denver Post 
Denver Biz Journals 
Colorado Westword 

</doc>
<doc id="20477483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477483" title="Tarok language">
Tarok language

Tarok is a regionally important Plateau language of Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="20477490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477490" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1951–1953">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1951–1953

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1951 to 1953. The 28 April 1951 election was a double dissolution called by Prime Minister of Australia Robert Menzies in an attempt to gain control of the Senate and to pass a bill to ban the Communist Party of Australia, if necessary at a joint sitting of both houses. All 121 seats in the House of Representatives, and all 60 seats in the Senate were up for election. The incumbent Liberal Party of Australia led by Menzies with coalition partner the Country Party led by Arthur Fadden defeated the Australian Labor Party led by Ben Chifley and gained control of the Senate with 32 seats to Labor's 28.
In accordance with section 13 of the Constitution terms for Senators was taken to commence on 1 July 1950. Half the Senators representing the States were allocated terms finishing on 30 June 1953 and the other half on 30 June 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20477498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477498" title="Visio Karoli">
Visio Karoli

The Visio Karoli or Caroli ("Vision of Charles") may refer to either of two pieces of early medieval visionary literature:

</doc>
<doc id="20477503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477503" title="Saga of the Light Isles">
Saga of the Light Isles

The Saga of the Light Isles is a historical fantasy duology by Juliet Marillier. The two books are:

</doc>
<doc id="20477508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477508" title="Tarokoid languages">
Tarokoid languages

The five Tarokoid languages are a branch of the Plateau family spoken in central Nigeria, just north of the middle reaches of the Benue River. Tarok itself has 300 000 speakers, Pe and Sur about 5 000 apiece. Yangkam is severely endangered, being spoken by around fifty elderly men.
Classification.
The only language with significant data is Tarok. Pe (Pai) has been placed in various branches of Plateau, but it now seems clear that the following four languages belong together.
As of 2012, the Kwang (Kwanka) language cluster, consisting of four closely related dialects, is also thought to be Tarokoid.

</doc>
<doc id="20477511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477511" title="Rahul Kanwat">
Rahul Kanwat

Rahul Jagdish Kanwat (born 24 October 1974) is an Indian cricketer. Kanwat is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm off break. He was born in Jaipur, Rajasthan.
Making his first-class debut in the 1992/93 season for Rajasthan, Kanwat played for the state from that season to the 2009/10 season. He made 89 first-class appearances, not only for Rajasthan but also for Central Zone and Elite Group A. He has also played List A cricket for Rajasthan and Central Zone, making 50 List A appearances up to the 2005/06 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20477520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477520" title="Heather Ankeny">
Heather Ankeny

Heather Ankeny is an American actress in film and television. Her most recent appearance is on the CW show, "Valentine". Additionally she has had roles on "Blind Justice", "Center of the Universe", and "Abby", as well as the independent feature films, "Pants on Fire" [http://www.pantsonfiremovie.com/] and "Pig". She is also an avid fantasy sports player, frequently contributing to ESPN's Fantasy section, including both the "Fantasy Focus" video and audio podcasts.

</doc>
<doc id="20477561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477561" title="Viraasat (STAR One)">
Viraasat (STAR One)

Viraasat is a Hindi television drama-series that aired on STAR One. It was produced by B.R. Films. The series was also shown on STAR Plus, since it is a sister channel to STAR One and is owned/operated by the same company.
Story.
"Viraasat" is the story of two people in love bound by an age-old enmity between their families
Timing.
"Viraasat" aired Mondays to Thursdays at 9:00pm IST.

</doc>
<doc id="20477569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477569" title="Izz ad-Din Mas'ud">
Izz ad-Din Mas'ud

Izz ad-Din Mas'ud I bin Mawdud (Izz ad Din Bin Qutb ad-Din Mawdud Bin Imad ud-Din Zengi; Arabic: عز الدين مسعود بن مودود; died 1193) was a Zangi emir of Mosul.
He the brother of emir Saif ad-Din Ghazi II, and the leader of his armies. When his brother died 1180 he became the governor of Aleppo. When As-Salih Ismail al-Malik got sick, he indicated in his will that Izz ad-Din Mas'ud should succeed him; when he died in 1181, Izz ad-Din rushed to Aleppo, frearing that Salahu'd-Din will try to conquer it, and when he arrived to Aleppo, he got into its Castle, took over all the money and the gold and married the mother of As-Salih Ismail al-Malik. He knew he couldn't keep Aleppo and Mosul under his governance, as the eyes of Salahu'd-Din were on Aleppo, so he reached an agreement with his brother Imad ad-Din Zengi II the governor of Sinjar to exchange Sinjar with Aleppo; in 1182 Izz ad-Din became the governor of Sinjar, in 1193 he went back to Mosul where he got sick and died. He was succeeded by his son Nur ad-Din Arslan Shah I.
References.
<BR>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20477624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477624" title="Nicolas Sarkozy Voodoo Manual">
Nicolas Sarkozy Voodoo Manual

The Nicolas Sarkozy Voodoo Manual is a satirical book by Yaël Rolognese, about the French President Nicolas Sarkozy, published in France by K&B Editors.
Description.
The box contains a cloth doll with the presidents effigy, a batch of 12 needles, and a book of 56 pages that includes a biography. It is on sale since October 9, 2008 in bookstores and on the Internet at a price of 12.95 euros.
Similarly, there is another book published for Ségolène Royal in red colour.
Controversy.
The book's marketing has been the subject of a complaint by the President of France requesting the withdrawal of the voodoo doll by invoking his right to absolute and exclusive use of his image. The case was taken to court where it was dismissed with the judge invoking freedom of expression, stating that " "it is within the limits of freedom of expression and the right to humor"" and that ""No one can take this process seriously"". Nicolas Sarkozy appealed the decision and in November 2008, the court ruled that the doll was actually an offense against the president, ordering K&B to put a label on the package to indicate this to customers. President Sarkozy also won one Euro in damages.

</doc>
<doc id="20477648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477648" title="South Plateau languages">
South Plateau languages

The South Plateau languages, also known as Jilic–Eggonic, are spoken in central Nigeria. Eggon has 150 000 speakers, and Jili (Lijili, Mijili) perhaps 100 000.
Classification.
Jilic (Koro) and Eggonic are clearly valid groups. Their connection was proposed in Blench (2006, 2008). 
Two languages or dialects, Koro-Zuba and Koro-Ija, are said to be "nearly intelligible" with Jijili, but no data is available.

</doc>
<doc id="20477650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477650" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Waynesboro, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Waynesboro, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the independent city of Waynesboro, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20477660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477660" title="Tsim Sha Tsui Properties Limited">
Tsim Sha Tsui Properties Limited

Tsim Sha Tsui Properties Limited () focuses on investing in properties in Hong Kong. The holding company invests in commercial, residential, and industrial properties, as well as provides a variety of other related services through its subsidiaries. Other businesses include financing and management, security and administration, project management, and cleaning.
Ownership.
The company is owned by Singaporean billionaire Ng Teng Fong and his family. It is the parent company of the Sino Group, one of the largest Hong Kong property developers.
Board.
Tsim Sha Tsui Properties' board consists of the chairman, Robert Ng, as well as two executive directors:
And four non-executive directors:

</doc>
<doc id="20477672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477672" title="John Leavitt (Ohio settler)">
John Leavitt (Ohio settler)

Capt. John Wheeler Leavitt (1755–1815), born in Suffield, Connecticut, was an early settler of Ohio's Western Reserve lands, where members of his family had bought large tracts from the state of Connecticut, and where Capt. Leavitt became an early innkeeper, politician and landowner in Warren, Trumbull County, Ohio. Capt. Leavitt was a member of the Connecticut Land Company and along with his cousin Ebenezer King from Suffield, paid over $51,000 for approximately of Ohio land, which included the township of Warren. The Leavitt family of Warren would go on to play a substantial role in the history of their adopted town and in Ohio.
Early life.
John Wheeler Leavitt was the son of Abiah (Kent) Leavitt a prominent Suffield merchant, was among the eight original purchasers of the Western Reserve from the state of Connecticut in 1796. Other extended family members were also involved in purchase of Western Reserve lands including Oliver Ellsworth, whose son Henry Leavitt Ellsworth later traveled to the Reserve to oversee family land grants, staying at the inn belonging to his cousin John Leavitt.
Capt. John Leavitt, a farmer and merchant, married Silence Fitch of Suffield in 1777. In 1800 John Leavitt and his wife set out for the Western Reserve, where the town of Leavittsburg was named for the family with the expectation that it would become the market town for Trumbull County. (John Leavitt was also one of the original proprietors of Aurora, Ohio, with members of the King, Phelps, and Granger families of Suffield. Leavitt was also an original proprietor of Mantua, Ohio.)
Founding of Warren.
On his arrival in the Western Reserve, Leavitt discovered that the prospective town of Warren was better situated than Leavittsburg, having more open bottom land and better mill sites. The original ownership of 'township four, range four' – what became Warren – was vested in Ebenezer King Jr. and Capt. Leavitt. On his arrival in the summer of 1800, Capt. Leavitt built a cabin on the west side of what would later become Warren's Main Street. Leavitt subsequently returned to Connecticut, then came back to Warren the following year with wife Silence. The couple had eight children, many of whom later moved to Ohio: William, John Jr, Cynthia, Sally, Henry Fitch, Abdiah, Humphrey Howe and Albert.
The new town, according to some accounts, was infested at the time of Leavitt's arrival by enormous rattlesnakes. In one early account, written when Warren consisted of 16 settlers, an observer mentions a hunt which netted 486 rattlers. "At this time," wrote the observer, "rattlesnakes abounded in some places." The hunt he witnessed, in which cudgel-wielding settlers chased the snakes off their rock ledges and into their dens, was deemed a success, with the "slain collected into heaps... a good portion of which were larger than a man's leg below the calf, and over five feet in length."
But Warren's location – rattlesnakes aside – meant the town soon became the dominant town in the Mahoning Valley region. "Warren had influence that Youngstown did not possess", said the Mahoning Valley Historical Society, referring to Warren's early prominence in the region. Later settlers also chose to gather at the more propitiously-located Warren, instead of at Leavittsburg.
Shortly after his arrival, Capt. Leavitt converted his new home into an inn and tavern, opening the first hotel in Warren. He was followed to Warren by a steady stream of other family members, including his son John Jr., known as 'Esquire John', who was county treasurer when he died at Warren in 1815; Capt. John's brother Samuel, known as 'Esquire Samuel,' born in Suffield in 1756, who upon visiting Warren in 1800, purchased a farm next door to that of his nephew John Jr. (Samuel Leavitt moved to Warren full-time in 1802, bringing his wife Abigail Kent Austin with him from Suffield. Following the death of his wife in 1816, Samuel Leavitt moved into a house on Main Street in Warren.)
Other family members.
Many members of the family became prominent, including Samuel Leavitt, who served as an Ohio state representative; John Leavitt Jr., who served as Trumbull County treasurer; Humphrey Howe Leavitt, the son of pioneer Capt. John Leavitt and an early United States Congressman and United States District Court judge; and Daniel Leavitt, the first public school teacher in Warren. John Leavitt, the original family settler, acted as captain of the local militia, from which he derived his title.
Like most pioneers, the Leavitt family had to provide the initial services in the region. John Leavitt Jr. founded the first public school. Capt. John Leavitt's first public house and tavern became the nucleus of Warren's growing community, serving as temporary headquarters for the region's first military officials. The first race track in the area was built on the Leavitt farm, sporting a large grandstand for spectators. (A later canal built through the farm destroyed the site, and the first race track decayed.)
Eventually, members of the extended Leavitt family in Suffield followed, including Enoch Leavitt (born in 1746, and known as 'Esquire Enoch'), who purchased the land on which most of the town of Warren now stands. Enoch died in 1815 and, like most of the Leavitt family, was buried in the family cemetery at Leavittsburg, largely a wooded area devoid of settlement. Enoch's son, Enoch Jr. became a well-known local physician who resided on his farm at Leavittsburg and by the time of his death in 1827 at age 52 had accumulated roughly of land in Trumbull County.
Leavittsburg, the town named for the early Ohio family, had a gristmill for many years, but largely escaped development. Today it is still rural, and the site of the Leavitt family cemetery, where many members of the family are buried. The first Leavitt settler in Ohio, Capt. John Leavitt, died at Warren in 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="20477703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477703" title="Ibn Sina National College for Medical Studies">
Ibn Sina National College for Medical Studies

Ibn Sina National College for Medical Studies (Arabic: كلية ابن سينا الأهلية للعلوم الطبية) is a private medical university in the Al mahjar road Ghulail area of Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
The first cornerstone for the university, which was built next to King Abdulaziz Hospital, was laid in 2004. The school is affiliated with King Saud University in Riyadh.Ibn Sina College is the first private institution of higher education under the supervision of the Ministry of higher Education, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.The university offers medical, dental and pharmacy degrees with the most suitable and up-to-date curriculam to stimulate active learning, critical thinking, skills development and creativity. In addition, a 120-bed modern teaching hospital has been built and equipped for clinical training. 
Ibn Sina National College for Medical Studies is being promoted by Al-Jedani Group of Hospitals, KSA. It is located in the southern part of the historic city Jeddah, on the red sea coast..

</doc>
<doc id="20477720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477720" title="Charles Willis Johnson">
Charles Willis Johnson

Dr. Charles Willis Johnson was the Dean of the University of Washington Pharmacy Department from 1903 to 1939. C.W. Johnson is credited for bringing the School of Pharmacy from a small struggling department to a successful doctorate program. He oversaw the creation of Bagley Hall, which was built by the Public Works Administration during the Great Depression. Johnson also supported the growth of the Medicinal Herb Garden on campus, which is still one of the largest medicinal herb gardens in the Northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="20477738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477738" title="Yorick Treille">
Yorick Treille

Yorick Treille (July 15, 1980 in Cannes, France) is a professional French ice hockey forward currently with Sparta Praha of the Czech Extraliga. Treille was drafted by the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL) in 1999, but never played in the NHL. He went to university at the University of Massachusetts Lowell and has played for the Providence Bruins and Norfolk Admirals of the American Hockey League, as well as teams in Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. Treille played for the French national team at the 2008 IIHF World Championship, where he had 3 goals and 1 assist in 5 games. His brother, Sacha Treille, also plays for the French national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20477748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477748" title="Fatkhullo Fatkhuloev">
Fatkhullo Fatkhuloev

Fatkhullo Fatkhuloev (born on 24 March 1990) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for Esteghlal Dushanbe. He is a member of the Tajikistan national football team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign. He also joined the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup held in South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="20477758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477758" title="Oregon Beach Bill">
Oregon Beach Bill

The Oregon Beach Bill (House Bill 1601, 1967) was a piece of landmark legislation in the U.S. state of Oregon, passed by the 1967 session of the Oregon Legislature. It established public ownership of land along the Oregon Coast from the water up to sixteen vertical feet above the low tide mark.
Background.
After Oregon achieved statehood in 1859, the completion of railroads through the Coast Range mountains encouraged land development along the ocean shore. In 1874, the Oregon State Land Board began selling public tidelands to private landowners. Resorts grew up around the beaches at Seaside, Newport, and Rockaway, and the newly completed railroads brought tourists from the population centers of the Willamette Valley for weekend vacations. By 1901, about of tideland had been sold.
In 1911, governor Oswald West was elected on the promise to reclaim Oregon's beaches as public land. The legislature favored the privatization of these lands, but West was able to make an argument for public ownership based on the need for transportation. The 1913 legislature declared the entire length of the ocean shore from Washington to California as a state highway. Legislators also created the State Highway Commission, which began the construction of Highway 101. The Parks and Recreation Department, a branch of the highway commission, bought land for 36 state parks along the coastal highway, an average of one every . With the completion of the highway and parks system, coastal tourism skyrocketed.
History.
Oregon's public lands claim was challenged in 1966, when Cannon Beach motel owner William Hay fenced some dry sands above the high tide line and reserved it for private use. After citizens complained to the state government, state legislators put forward the Oregon Beach Bill, modeled on the Texas Open Beaches Act. Conservative Republicans and coastal developers called the bill a threat to private property rights, and it nearly died in the legislature. In response, Governor Tom McCall staged a dramatic media event on May 13, 1967, flying two helicopters to the beach with a team of surveyors and scientists. The ensuing media coverage resulted in overwhelming public demand for the bill. The bill was passed by the legislature in June and signed by McCall on July 6, 1967.
The Beach Bill declares that all "wet sand" within sixteen vertical feet of the low tide line belongs to the state of Oregon. In addition, it recognizes public easements of all beach areas up to the line of vegetation, regardless of underlying property rights. The public has "free and uninterrupted use of the beaches," and property owners are required to seek state permits for building and other uses of the ocean shore. While some parts of the beach remain privately owned, state and federal courts have upheld Oregon’s right to regulate development of those lands and preserve public access.

</doc>
<doc id="20477764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477764" title="Municipal president of Puebla">
Municipal president of Puebla

The Municipal President of Puebla (mayor) is the head of local government in the municipality of municipality of Puebla, in the Mexican state of Puebla. 
The mayor's authority includes the state capital, the city of Puebla. 
Since the city serves as the municipal seat and is home to the majority of the municipality's population, the position of municipal president is frequently identified with the city, rather than the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="20477774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477774" title="Jean-François Pichette">
Jean-François Pichette

Jean-François Pichette (born 1962) is a Québécois actor.

</doc>
<doc id="20477787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477787" title="Fountain of Qayt Bay">
Fountain of Qayt Bay

Fountain of Qayt Bay or Sabil Qaitbay is a domed public fountain ("sabil") located on the western esplanade of the Temple Mount in Jerusalem's Old City, situated fifty metres west of the Dome of the Rock. Built in the fifteenth century by the Egyptians, it was completed in the reign of Qaitbay, Sultan of Egypt, after whom it is named. It has been called "the most beautiful edifice in the Temple Mount" after the Dome of the Rock.
History.
The fountain was originally constructed in 1455 on the orders of the Egyptian Sultan al-Ashraf Sayf ad-Din Enal. In 1482, however, Sultan Qaitbay had it rebuilt, and the structure is named after him. The labour of erecting the building was done by Egyptian, and Circassian craftsmen under the supervision of a renowned Christian architect. The fountain was constructed in a style mostly seen in Egypt. In 1883, the Ottoman sultan Abdul Hamid II restored the fountain and constructed some additions to it.
Architecture.
Structure.
Placed on a raised prayer platform, together with a freestanding "mihrab", the Fountain of Qayt Bay is a three-tiered structure over 13 metres high, consisting of a base, a transition zone and its dome. 
The tallest part of the fountain is the base, which is a simple square room built in an ablaq construction method of blending red and cream stones, with wide grilled windows and a small entrance. The windows are located on three sides of the building, and there are four steps leading up to the windows on the northern and the western sides, as well as a large stone bench beneath the southern window. On the eastern wall of the fountain, four semi-circular steps lead up to the entrance door. 
The complex zone of transition steps in several stages from the square base to the round and high drum that merges into the dome itself. At its peak, the building is crowned by a pointed dome decorated with low-relief arabesque stone carvings. The dome is crowned by a bronze crescent, which, unlike other crescents in the sanctuary, faces east and west. It is the only significant dome of its kind that exists outside Cairo.
On all four sides of the fountain are ornate inscriptions containing Qur'anic verses, details of the original Mamluk building and the 1883 renovation of the structure. Mamluk-era star-pattern strap work details the building interior, but the external lintels are from the Ottoman era of rule in Palestine. The 1883 renovation largely kept Qaitbay's structure mostly intact.
Water access.
Beneath the building is the large underground reservoir. Water used to pour from the shaft near the door of the fountain into troughs below each window. The troughs were cups chained to a bronze ring fitted into the two holes of each window. Before the establishment of the British Mandate in Palestine, most fountains in the Temple Mount were supplied with water from the main channel from Solomon's Pools at the Chain Gate. During the British Mandate period, the fountain became more dependent on rainwater and springs. At this time water was collected in the reservoir beneath the building and then pulled up to the fountain itself.

</doc>
<doc id="20477823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477823" title="Dzhomikhon Mukhidinov">
Dzhomikhon Mukhidinov

Çomixon Muxiddinov (), (born on 15 April 1976) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for FK Khujand. He is a member of the Tajikistan national football team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20477847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477847" title="Hesperia High School">
Hesperia High School

Hesperia High School is a school within the Hesperia Unified School District located in Hesperia, San Bernardino County, California. 
The school currently is enrolled with nearly 2,500 students in grades 9–12. Twice has the school's student body swelled to 4,000, forcing the HUSD to open Sultana High School, in 1995 and Oak Hills High School, in 2009. The school's official mascot is the Scorpion and the colors are black & gold.
Hesperia High School first opened its doors in the fall of 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20477857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477857" title="Pocdol Mountains">
Pocdol Mountains

The Pocdol Mountains are a volcanic group of stratovolcanos in the Philippines. 
The range is also known as the Bacon-Manito Volcanic Group.
Location.
The Pocdol Mountains form part of the boundary between the provinces of Albay and Sorsogon, in Region V, on the island of Luzon, in the Philippines. 
The group is located south-east of Mayon volcano, between Albay Gulf and Saragon Bay, at latitude 13.05°N (13°3'0"N), longitude 123.958°E (123°57'30"E).
Physical features.
The Pocdol Mountains have a triangular footprint of about .
The highest point is reported as 1102 metres (3,615 ft) above sea level. 
A fumarole field that contains sulfataras and chloride hot springs, is reported to be located near the summit of the volcanic group.
The group is described by the Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanism Program as fumarolic.
Eruptions.
There are no reports of eruptions.
Geology.
Several Pleistocene K-Ar dates have been obtained from the volcanic complex. Most igneous rocks in the Pocdol Mountains consist of pyroxene andesites with minor amounts of dacite and basalts. The area is traversed by the San Vicente-Linao Fault, a splay of the Philippine Fault.
Volcanic cones in the western part of the complex are dissected, but those in the eastern part are morphologically youthful. 
The volcanic area is the host of various geothermal systems collectively called the Bacon-Manito geothermal field.
Listings.
The Global Volcanism Program lists the Pocdol Mountains as Fumarolic.
Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) lists Pocdol Mountains as Inactive.

</doc>
<doc id="20477886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477886" title="Annu Ki Ho Gayee Waah Bhai Waah">
Annu Ki Ho Gayee Waah Bhai Waah

Annu Ki Ho Gayee Waah Bhai Waah is an Indian television show produced by STAR One.
Plot.
Shy, timid Annu possesses one talent: She can bring cheer to the saddest soul and melt the hardest heart with any dish she cooks! Annu and family have all the love and affection one could ask for but no money. She is not ambitious and is perfectly content with her life, thinking that she will get married, have children, and life will go on. But fate has different things in store for her. 
Unexpected events turn her life around completely and, with a queer twist of fate, she lands up in a top professional restaurant. With no training and confidence, Annu is in the tough world of professional chefs against all odds. But she weaves her magic on everyone. Eventually in her quiet, charming way Annu will create the perfect recipe for food and love. And in this restaurant Annu will find her friends, confidence in herself, and her true love Ashu.
Style.
"Annu Ki Ho Gayee Waah Bhai Waah" has a different flavor and style of treatment. It's got an equal mix of humour and drama, and strongly touches upon the emotional aspect. Most of the characters are fun and real. The coming together of Annu and Aashu at the restaurant will eventually lead to a coming together of two families as diverse as chalk and cheese.

</doc>
<doc id="20477901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477901" title="Gori Lake">
Gori Lake

Lake Gori (also Lake Ghouri) is a small fresh to brackish lake in the uplands of East Azarbaijan Province in northwestern Iran. Together with the adjacent reed marshes it is an important breeding area for waterfowl. A 1.2 km² site was designated as a Ramsar Convention wetland protection site on 23 June 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20477906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477906" title="Davronjon Tukhtasunov">
Davronjon Tukhtasunov

Davronjon Tukhtasunov (born on 14 May 1990) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for Ravshan Kulob. He is a member of the Tajikistan national football team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign. He also joined the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup held in South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="20477930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477930" title="Kaire Vilgats">
Kaire Vilgats

Kaire Vilgats (Kaire Lõhmus by marriage since January 2009), born on January 11, 1976 is an Estonian singer and actress.
Vilgats was born and grew up in Pärnu, a resort town in South-West of Estonia. At an early age, she learnt the accordion in a music school but as a teenager she went on to solo singing instead.
Career.
Kaire Vilgats has been trained pop-jazz singing at the Georg Ots Music School in Tallinn, with Silvi Vrait as her vocal coach.
In 1999, Vilgats was awarded with the third place at the contest for young singers, "Kaks takti ette", organized by the Estonian Television. The winner of that season was the Estonian rock star Tanel Padar, with Eda-Ines Etti being a runner-up.
In 1999, she was also a chorister in the Estonian production of the musical "La Cage aux Folles" which is the theatre début of hers. A series of colourful supporting roles in musicals were to follow ever since in Estonia.
Kaire Vilgats is also the musical director of the Estonian Puppet Theatre in Tallinn, where has composed music for children's musicals and plays, like, "The Little Witch" (and a few more).
In 2006, she was nominated on the annual Estonian theatre prize for the supporting role of "Amps" in the musical "Romeo ja Julia" but did not win.
Roles.
As a chorister, Vilgats has appeared in number of more shows in Estonia, such as "Evita", "La Cage aux Folles", "Georg", "No, No, Nanette", "Mort" and "Snow Queen".
Other credits.
Kaire Vilgats provided her vocals for the album "Family. We are Family", released in 2003 as a cooperation of several popular vocalists, such as Nele-Liis Vaiksoo and Lauri Pihlap.
Vilgats often supports different pop acts of Estonia as a backing vocalist, Anne Veski, Ivo Linna and Maarja to name a few. She took part in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2000 and 2002 to sing backing vocals for the Estonian and Maltese songs, receiving 4th and 2nd place respectively. In the 2014 contest she will once again represent Estonia as a backing singer. She has also performed with the Estonian Police Orchestra and a number of more orchestras and groups.
Kaire Vilgats has been open about her weight problems and has therefore given patronage to sporting events, like Tartu Maraton in which she successfully passed the women`s race in 2014. She has co-hosted TV-shows.
Personal life.
Kaire Vilgats, married to a music producer Johannes Lõhmus, is a mother of 3 children, 2 sons and a daughter.
Vilgats' mother is Ester Vilgats, a news journalist of the Estonian Public Broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="20477968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477968" title="Central Plateau languages">
Central Plateau languages

The twenty Central Plateau languages are a residual branch of the Plateau family spoken in central Nigeria. Tyap, or Katab, has 130 000 speakers, and the closely related Jju Kaje has well over 300 000. Hyam, or Jabba, has another 100 000. Cori is famous for being one of very few languages with six tone levels, though only three are needed for writing.
Classification.
The Central Plateau languages are a close geographical group with numerous connections; however, they are to some extent a residual group, and may be a sprachbund. The following classification is taken from Blench (2008). A distinction between North Plateau and the rest of Central Plateau is possible but appears to be geographic; Gerhardt (1994) argues they belong together.
Each of the terminal bullets which follows is a discrete language or dialect cluster and is obviously valid. However, most of the groups (Hyamic, North Plateau, Gyongic, Koro) are not self-evident and may continue to be revised.

</doc>
<doc id="20477989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20477989" title="William Reginald Halliday">
William Reginald Halliday

Sir William Reginald Halliday (1886–1966) was a historian and archaeologist who served as Principal of King's College London from 1928 to 1952.
Born in British Honduras in 1886, Halliday was educated at Winchester College and New College, Oxford graduating with a first in Literae Humaniores. He also spent time studying at the Berlin University and at the British School at Athens. He lectured in Greek History and Archaeology and the University of Glasgow (1911–1914) before becoming Rathbone Professor of Ancient History at the University of Liverpool (1914–1928). He was then made Principal of King's College London in 1928, and remained in the post until 1952. He was knighted in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20478004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478004" title="Vincent Massey Collegiate">
Vincent Massey Collegiate

Vincent Massey Collegiate may refer to one of several schools in Canada named for Vincent Massey, the 18th Governor General of Canada:

</doc>
<doc id="20478038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478038" title="National identity card (disambiguation)">
National identity card (disambiguation)

National identity card or national identification card can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20478050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478050" title="Hirondelle">
Hirondelle

Hirondelle (French for Swallow) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20478072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478072" title="The Shop Assistants (album)">
The Shop Assistants (album)

Shop Assistants (aka Will Anything Happen) is the only album released by Shop Assistants. It was released in November 1986 on the Chrysalis Records 'indie' offshoot Blue Guitar. The album was critically acclaimed by Sounds staff that made 'Shop Assistants' in the list of top 50 best albums of 1986 
The album was reissued in 1997 by Overground Records, and again on CD by Cherry Red in 2008 with two bonus tracks. Both of these had originally appeared on the B-side of the single "I Don't Want To Be Friends With You". The album was described by "Allmusic"'s Jason Ankeny as "an essential artefact of its times".

</doc>
<doc id="20478100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478100" title="Khurshed Makhmudov">
Khurshed Makhmudov

Xurşed Maxmudov (born on 8 August 1982) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for Regar-TadAZ Tursunzoda. He was a member of the Tajikistan national football team during the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20478109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478109" title="Beromic languages">
Beromic languages

The four Beromic languages are a branch of the Plateau family spoken in central Nigeria. Berom has 300 000 speakers.
Classification.
The following classification is taken from Blench (2008). 

</doc>
<doc id="20478120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478120" title="William Fung">
William Fung

Dr. William Fung Kwok Lun, BSE, OBE, JP () (born 1949 in Hong Kong with family roots in Heshan, Guangdong) is a Hong Kong entrepreneur who is the group managing director of Li & Fung Group, one of the largest trading companies in Hong Kong, as well as an alumnus and trustee of Princeton University. 
Fung is one of two sons of Fung Hon-chu, former head of Li & Fung and grandson of Fung Pak Liu, founder of the family firm.
He is the younger brother of Dr. Victor Fung Kwok King, the chairman of the group. Fung is also non-executive director of HSBC Holdings and an independent non-executive director of CLP Holdings Limited, VTech Holdings Limited, Shui On Land Limited and Singapore Airlines.
Princeton University.
Fung attended Princeton University in its class of 1970, majoring in electrical engineering. Since graduating, he has remained active at the university; there is a "Fung Scholarship" endowed in his name. In 2009, he was appointed to the university's board of trustees.
Personal.
Fung is married with three children and like his brother Victor hold American citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="20478123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478123" title="Yeh Dil Chahe More">
Yeh Dil Chahe More

Yeh Dil Chahe More is a daily soap that follows the adventure story of two dreamers, whose journey has just begun.

</doc>
<doc id="20478183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478183" title="Dede Klein">
Dede Klein

James Lloyd "Dede" Klein (January 13, 1910 – December 9, 1966) was a professional ice hockey player who played 169 games in the National Hockey League. Born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, he played with the New York Americans and Boston Bruins. He played on a Stanley Cup championship team with the Bruins in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20478225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478225" title="Samad Shohzukhurov">
Samad Shohzukhurov

Samad Shohzukhurov (born on 8 February 1990) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for Dynamo Dushanbe. He is a member of the Tajikistan national football team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign. He also joined the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup held in South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="20478248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478248" title="Jamshed Ismailov">
Jamshed Ismailov

Jamshed Ismailov (born on 12 January 1987) is a Tajikistani footballer who currently plays for Regar-TadAZ Tursunzoda. He is a member of the Tajikistan national football team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20478250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478250" title="Filippo Cristante">
Filippo Cristante

Filippo Cristante (born 20 April 1977, in San Vito al Tagliamento) is an Italian footballer who played for Portogruaro at Lega Pro.
Equipped with powerful physically specializes in defensive roles of left, right and central. Originally played by attacker but was soon moved to defense. 
He started his career in the amateurs where Sacilese already demonstrated his talent, before moving to Serie B at Cosenza. Then follow the experiences with Padova and Ravenna still in B. In 2001 he moved to Piacenza which makes its debut in the premier league. Play with white and red (two in league championships and two in Serie B) until January 2005 when hired by Messina in Serie A With the team puts a sign Peloritana also the first and so far only goal in the premier league. Since 2006 game in Mantova between cadets. 
In July 2009, he signed a two-year contract with Ancona.
He started in Serie A on August 26, 2001 in the match Lazio-Piacenza 1-1

</doc>
<doc id="20478257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478257" title="Ninzic languages">
Ninzic languages

The dozen or so Ninzic languages are a branch of the Plateau family spoken in central Nigeria. Mada and Ce have 100 000 speakers apiece.
Classification.
There is little data on the Ninzic languages, and it is not clear that all of the following languages are related. Blench (2008) lists the following languages, twice as many as Greenberg 1963 ("Plateau IV"). They are not subclassified apart from a few obvious dialect clusters.
and perhaps Ayu.

</doc>
<doc id="20478264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478264" title="Pawnee Reservation">
Pawnee Reservation

The Pawnee Reservation in Nebraska was located on the Loup River in Platte and Nance counties in mid-central Nebraska. The Kawarakis Pawnees, the ancestors of the Chaui, Kitkehahki, and Pitahawirata Bands, settled in southeastern Nebraska in approximately 900.
Under three treaties with the United States in 1833, 1843, and 1857, the Pawnee ceded all of their lands to the United States government except a reservation 10 miles wide by 30 miles long along the Loup River in Nebraska. After the state of Nebraska was admitted into the Union, the state government extinguished the tribe's rights to their land. It soon sold the land and used the proceeds to defray expenses to obtain lands elsewhere for the Indians. In the mid-1870s the remainder of the reservation was sold, and in 1876 the tribe was relocated to its present-day location in central Oklahoma.
The Genoa Indian Industrial School was built in 1884 in the town of Genoa, which is located on the former Pawnee Reservation lands. 

</doc>
<doc id="20478333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478333" title="Kamil Saidov">
Kamil Saidov

Kamil Saidov (born on 25 January 1989) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for Regar-TadAZ Tursunzoda. He is a member of the Tajikistan national football team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20478345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478345" title="Muscle Heat">
Muscle Heat

Muscle Heat (released in North America as Blood Heat) is a 2002 Japanese action film starring Kane Kosugi and directed by Ten Shimoyama.
Plot.
In the year 2009, Joe Jinno, a Navy SEAL who is court-martialed for disobeying orders, is sent to Tokyo to assist Det. Aguri Katsuragi stop the distribution of the illegal drug known as Blood Heat. After an attempt to stop the drug lord Rai Kenjin fails, Katsuragi ends up in Kenjin's arena of death, the Muscle Dome, and loses against Kenjin's #1 fighter, Lee. Joe wants to seek revenge and needs the help of Katsuragi's sister Akane and Ken, a young underground rebel whose father was one a victim of Kenjin and the Muscle Dome, to exact revenge for Aguri and stop the circulation of Blood Heat.
Stunts.
The action scenes were choreographed by two men from Jackie Chan's stunt team, Chan Man Chin (Rumble in the Bronx, Rush Hour), and Sam Won (Thunderbolt, Supercop). A translator was assigned to both men. Kane Kosugi performed all of his own stunts.
Reception/U.S. release.
Despite not being released in North American theaters, the film received reviews from American critics. High Impact Reviews awarded the film a solid 4 stars out of 4, calling it a ""MUST-SEE Japanese action-er!"" Netflix.com called it an ""Intense pulse pounding action film"". Upon the films release in the United States, it was retitled "Blood Heat", named after the drug constantly referenced in the movie. Some international DVDs also renamed the film "Blood Heat" upon release while others kept the films original title.
Soundtrack.
The film was composed by Kōji Endō. The R&B band Full Of Harmony contributed their song "Casino Drive" to the film's ending credits.

</doc>
<doc id="20478372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478372" title="Rahmonali Barotov">
Rahmonali Barotov

Rahmonali Barotov (born on 10 March 1987) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for Regar-TadAZ Tursunzoda. He is a member of the Tajikistan national football team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20478382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478382" title="Alumic languages">
Alumic languages

The four scattered and poorly attested Alumic languages form a branch of the Plateau languages of central Nigeria.
Classification.
The following classification is taken from Blench (2008). The languages are not closely related are morphologically quite diverse due to different contact situations; given the poor state of their description, their relationship is provisional.
"Ethnologue" scatters these languages throughout Plateau: Hasha and Sambe with Eggon (Southern branch), and Alumu–Tesu and Toro as two independent branches.

</doc>
<doc id="20478435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478435" title="Gerson Levi-Lazzaris">
Gerson Levi-Lazzaris

Gerson Levi-Lazzaris (born in Curitiba, on November 25, 1979) is a Brazilian archaeologist, descendent of Ladin immigrants. Most of the Lazzaris are from Forno di Zoldo, Veneto, from where most of them emigrated during the end of the 19th century, and also after the Second World War to Argentina, Australia, Brazil and United States.
Biography.
In 1983, his family moved from Curitiba to São Paulo. At the age of 15 he moved to Lisbon, Portugal, following a short-experience in Finland. Accepted in the University of São Paulo, Levi-Lazzaris started his studies in Archaeology and History, focusing Anti-semitism in the Austro-Hungarian Empire (2003), obtaining his BA. In 2007 he obtained a Master degree in Archaeology in the same University of São Paulo based on an extensive dissertation about Middle Holocene hunter-gatherer societies in Southeast Brazil. He was the world's first archaeologist to introduce the ecosystem approach in Brazilian archaeology. On March 2007 he was accepted as graduate student at Vanderbilt University.
Levi-Lazzaris has published more than 500 articles, ranging from political reviews in Trotskyite periodicals to scientific reviews and governamental reports. He has also translated ten books and is the author of fifty others, all in preparation for publication. Levi-Lazzaris developed his doctoral research in Roraima among the Ninam Indians, a Yanomamo subgroup, developing ethnoarchaeological studies in the Uraricoera valley. He was the second coordinator of the Frente de Proteção Etnoambiental Yanomami e Ye´kuana through FUNAI during 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20478442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478442" title="Klein surface">
Klein surface

In mathematics, a Klein surface, named after Felix Klein, is a non-orientable closed surface. A Klein surface is homeomorphic to a connected sum of a number of copies of the real projective plane. The case of two copies corresponds to the famous Klein bottle. The next case, the connected sum of three copies of RP2, is a surface of Euler characteristic equal to −1. Its orientable double cover is the genus-2 surface.

</doc>
<doc id="20478452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478452" title="Caritas Christi Health Care">
Caritas Christi Health Care

Caritas Christi Health Care was a non-profit Roman Catholic healthcare system in the New England region of the United States. It was established in 1985 and was the second largest healthcare system in New England. In 2010, Caritas Christi was sold to the private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management which converted it to a for-profit company and renamed it Steward Health Care System. 
Caritas Christi was an integrated healthcare network providing community based medicine and tertiary care in eastern Massachusetts, southern New Hampshire and Rhode Island. Caritas Christi Health Care had 12,000 employees, 1,552 hospital beds, 2,305 doctors, 1,880 nurses, 73,546 annual inpatient discharges, 238,551 annual emergency department visits and 55 communities served. Caritas Christi Health Care was led by President/CEO Ralph de la Torre, MD and located within the St. Elizabeth's Medical Center campus. 
Hospitals.
In 1998, Caritas Christi acquired St. Joseph Health Services of Rhode Island.
Other facilities.
Non-acute Caritas Christi facilities which offer a variety of services include Caritas Home Care, Caritas Good Samaritan Hospice, Caritas Labouré College, Caritas St. Mary's Women and Children's Center, Caritas Por Cristo, and the Caritas Physician Network.

</doc>
<doc id="20478470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478470" title="Justice Anderson">
Justice Anderson

Justice Anderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20478485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478485" title="Green Party of Florida">
Green Party of Florida

The Green Party of Florida is the state party organization for Florida of the Green Party of the United States.
History.
The Green Party of Florida was organized in 1992. At that time the State of Florida had a very stringent standard applied to what were considered minor party candidates in elections. To have statewide ballot status, minor parties had to file a petition with at least 3% of all registered voters. To keep this status, they had to maintain a number of party members equal to 5% of all registered voters.
In 1998 state law concerning access to the state ballot was eased. In February 1999 the state legislature implemented changes allowing any party organized on a state basis to field candidates in elections. This allowed the Green Party and other parties to qualify to field candidates on the ballot. The Green Party has retained its statewide ballot status ever since.
The Florida Green Party has opposed the presence of nuclear power plants in Florida. In fact, the party intervened in the licensing process of the proposed Levy County Nuclear Power Plant, which has yet to be built.
In April 2010 the Florida Green Party and the People's Lobby Coalition for Public Funding Only of All Elections held a public forum at the National Press Club in Washington, DC. The purpose of the forum was to press for only public funding of elections. The Green Party was wanting corporate and special interest funding to be taken out of elections, thus making elections more fair and democratic.
Organization.
The state organization has 2 co-chairs, a treasurer and a secretary. It has a number of committees. These include the Electoral Committee, the Bylaws Committee, the Fund-Raising Committee, the Media Committee, the Outreach Committee and the IT (information technology) Committee. The Electoral Committee helps persons wanting to become candidates and also asks potential candidates about their political views.
The Green Party has ten chapters, which usually are county chapters. The state organization constantly seeks to organize new local chapters.
The Florida Green Party is listed as an endorser organization of the Move to Amend. This organization, in its own words, is "dedicated to ending the illegitimate legal doctrines that prevent the American people from governing themselves."
Elected officials.
Past and present elected officials from the Green Party include:

</doc>
<doc id="20478491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478491" title="Jerome Case">
Jerome Case

Jerome Increase Case (1819–1891) was an early American manufacturer of threshing machines. He founded the J.I. Case Company which has gone through many mergers and name changes to today's Case Corporation and raised champion race horses. He was a mayor of Racine, Wisconsin, and a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
Early life.
Jerome Increase Case was born December 11, 1819, in Williamstown in Oswego County, New York.
His father was Caleb Case (1787–1874) and mother Deborah Jackson (1789–1833). He was one of seven children.
Through his mother he claimed to be related to Andrew Jackson.
His father sold some primitive "ground hog" machines (imported from England) that helped speed up the separation of grain after it was harvested. In 1840, Jerome started a small business threshing his neighbors' crops with the horse-powered devices. In the summer of 1842, he bought six of the machines on credit and traveled first to Chicago by ship. On his way north to Rochester, Wisconsin he sold five and kept one for his own business.
Through the winter he worked on improvements to the thresher, but the new model was not ready for the 1843 harvest.
By May 1844 the new model which did a better job of fully separating the grain was working. Since Rochester did not have water power available, he moved to Racine, Wisconsin.
Racine.
He first manufactured the machines in a small shop in Racine, and then built a three-story brick factory in 1847 on the Root River.
A new vibrator process introduced in 1852 was so successful he was selling throughout Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio by 1853.
By 1855 the plant covered several acres, including a private boat dock on Lake Michigan.
In 1856 he was elected mayor of Racine, declined the re-nomination the next year, but was elected again in 1858 and 1860.
He often financed the machines with high interest rates. This worked until the panic of 1857 and unreliable state-issued paper money caused many customers to default. Case accepted animals, supplies, and land instead of cash. At the start of the American Civil War, farmers would often walk away from their debts to enlist, sometimes not returning.
The labor shortage combined with increased demand for food (with no imports from the south) resulted in a growing business in the 1860s. 
Massena B. Erskine, Robert H. Baker and Stephen Bull (his brother-in-law) became partners when J. I. Case Company was officially organized in 1863.
Case was elected to the Wisconsin State Senate in 1865 and served one two-year term.
Also in 1865 he happened to meet up with a company of the 8th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment returning from the war. He adopted the mascot of the regiment, an eagle named Old Abe, as company symbol.
In 1871 he was a founder of Manufacturers' National Bank of Racine and the First National Bank of Burlington. He was an early investor in the Northwestern Life Insurance Company in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. In 1876 he started another company to make plows, licensing the "center draft" technology from Ebenezer G. Whiting.
Initially called Case, Whitney & Company, when he became sole owner in 1878 it became the J. I. Case Plow Company, and J. I. Case Plow Works in 1884.
He was a founder of the Wisconsin Academy of Sciences, Arts and Letters, and president of the Racine County Agricultural Society. Some time in the 1870s he had one of the rare two-story houses built on Main Street in Racine.
Horses.
As he turned over the business to other partners, he spent more time on breeding race horses on his Hickory Grove Farm. Harness racing was the sport of choice among the wealthy in the 1880s.
One of his favorite horses was named Jay-Eye-See, a pun on Case's initials.
The black gelding, foaled in 1878, broke the mile trotting record of 2:10 at Narragansett Park in 1884.
After winning many other races, the horse was injured and retired in August 1889.
However, Jay-Eye-See was retrained by Edwin D. Blither to race with a new gait, and three years later set a pacing record of 2:06.25 in 1892 at Independence, Iowa. Both records were quickly broken; the trotting mark on the next day, and the pacing mark in a subsequent heat of the same race.
However, the feat of two records was unique enough that the horse became a celebrity. Currier and Ives did a series of prints and the horse's image was used to advertise products by the Case company for years.
The horse outlived Case and died in 1909 at the age of 31.
The horse "known the country over" had its obituary printed in national newspapers such as the "New York Times".
Jay-Eye-See was inducted into the Harness Racing Hall of Fame in 1990
and the Wisconsin Harness Racing Hall of Fame in 1996.
Death and legacy.
Case also owned some Great Lakes ships, a winter home in California, a ranch in Texas, and a stock farm in Kentucky.
In 1849 he married Lydia Ann Bull, daughter of DeGrove Bull of Yorkville, Wisconsin. He died on December 22, 1891 in Racine, less than a year before the comeback of his favorite horse.
His widow, born August 6, 1826, died December 9, 1909.
They had four children live to adulthood: one son and three daughters.
Henrietta Case was born March 3, 1858 and married Percival Strong Fuller (1858–1896).
Jessie Fremont Case was born April 17, 1861 and married Mitchell Wallis.
Amanda Case was born October 1, 1862 and married Jonathan James Crooks of San Francisco.
Jackson Irving Case was born October 23, 1865, married Henrietta May Roy on May 25, 1886, and had four sons. He was elected mayor of Racine when he was only 26, but died January 8, 1903 before he was 38.
Three other children died young.
The family continued its interest in racing, but times had changed. The company sponsored a team of racing cars, led by driver Lewis Strang until he died in 1911. Around 1912, they named a car after Jay-Eye-See, driven by Louis Disbrow. One of the largest at the time, it had a 290 horsepower engine, and a streamlined shape that looked like an upside-down canoe.
A popular, easy to read biography of Case in the context of his company and his times is Stewart H. Holbrook, "Machines of Plenty, Pioneering in American Agriculture" (New York: Macmillan, 1955).
Jerome I. Case High School, located in Mount Pleasant, Wisconsin, is named in his honor.
It is in what is now suburban Racine, near the site of his farm. Most of Hickory Grove Farm is now developed, except for a small open space at named Case-Harmon Field.
Jay-Eye-See Avenue at was named for his horse, a block away from Case Avenue which intersects Jerome Boulevard.
A planned marble monument to Jay Eye See was never erected, and the horse's grave site neglected for almost a century. After a developer planned to build a parking lot over the suspected grave, local historians located and removed the bones in July 1997.
The remains were proposed to be re-interred in the Case family mausoleum at Mound Cemetery.
However, by 2003 the bones were still stored in a box at the historian's home waiting for funding for the memorial.
The J. I. Case Wetland Wildlife Refuge in Terre Haute, Indiana is also named in his honor.
In 2008, Case was inducted into the Association of Equipment Manufacturers Hall of fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20478524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478524" title="Agaricus pattersonae">
Agaricus pattersonae

Agaricus pattersonae is an edible species of mushroom. It was first described in the literature in 1907 by Charles Horton Peck, based on specimens found by A. M. Patterson, a botany student at Stanford University. This species is placed in section "Sanguinolenti" of genus "Agaricus".
Description.
The cap, 5–19 cm in diameter, is initially almost hemispherical in shape, transforming to broadly convex and finally to flattened or with edges upturned in age. The cap surface is dry, with fibrils when young, but later the fibrils form large, dark brown appressed squamules (2–9 mm long x 2–5 mm broad). The cap color may be various shades of brown depending on the maturity of the specimen. The cap flesh is typically 1–3 cm thick, firm, white, and stains deep red 20–30 seconds after injury or bruising. The odor immediately after cutting is mild, faintly spicy, but several minutes may be described as 'fruity'. An edible mushroom, the taste of "A. pattersonae" is described as mild, pleasant, and slightly sweet.
The gills are free in attachment, close, 5–15 mm broad, and marginate. The light-cinnamon color in young specimens turns to a dark blackish brown in age after the spores develop. Bruised gills stain a vinaceous (wine-colored) red.
The stipe is usually 8–18 cm long x 2.5–4 cm thick with a bulbous shape. The interior is hollow, with the internal cavity being between 5–9 mm thick. The stem context somewhat fibrous and white in color, except for the basal section which is yellowish. Bruising or cutting results in a red stain after a minute. The surface of the stipe is barely striate above the annulus, and smooth below except for fragments of the universal veil. During development the veils rupture and form an upper veil (partial veil), which initially hangs from the pileus edge, and a lower veil. As the partial veil disintegrates, it often leaves fragments 2–3 mm in size attached to the margin.
The spores are roughly elliptical in shape, 7–8.5 x 5.5–6.5 µm. The basidia, which may be 1–, 2–, 3–, or 4–spored (although usually 4–spored during active sporulation), are 26–34 x 7–11 µm, cylinder- to club-shaped, with sterigmata that are 2–3 µm long. Cheilocystidia are 12–32 x 6–15 µm in size, almost cylindrical or club-shaped, and may appear clumped or continuous.
Habitat and distribution.
The species is associated with cypress ("Cupressus macrocarpa") trees, where it grows singly or in groups. Kerrigan notes that is seems to be restricted to mature trees (age 40+ years) located in the coastal counties of California, although Smith mentions that it has also been found in the Great Lakes regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20478526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478526" title="Shujoat Nematov">
Shujoat Nematov

Şuçoat Ne'matov (born on 26 September 1981) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for Regar-TadAZ Tursunzoda.
Nematov was a part of the Tajikistan national football team squad who won the 2006 AFC Challenge Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20478565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478565" title="Rafiqul Haque">
Rafiqul Haque

Rafiqul Haque, popularly known as "Dadu Bhai" (Born 1949) is a Bangladeshi journalist by profession, who is reputed for his excellent rhymes. Currently he works in the daily Jugantor, published from Dhaka as its Chief Sub-Editor. Earlier he had been the Executive Editor of the Dainik Rupali, also published from Dhaka. 
He was the executive editor of the Kishore Bangla from 1976 to 1983, the only weekly newspaper for the children ever published on the Indian sub-continent.

</doc>
<doc id="20478586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478586" title="List of energy abbreviations">
List of energy abbreviations

This is a list of acronyms found in the context of energy issues.
Appendix: Residential energy acronyms.
The following table lists a number of terms that are used in the United States for residential energy audits.

</doc>
<doc id="20478602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478602" title="Marcel Rodman">
Marcel Rodman

Marcel Rodman (September 25, 1981 in Rodine, Yugoslavia) is a professional Slovenian ice hockey player currently with the Schwenningen Wild Wings of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
Playing career.
Rodman was drafted by the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL) in 2001, but never played in the NHL.
He has played for the Krefeld Pinguine of the DEL, and the Graz 99ers, Vienna Capitals and HK Acroni Jesenice of the Austrian Hockey League.
On July 18, 2013, Rodman left SC Bietigheim-Bissingen of the 2nd Bundesliga and signed as a free agent to newly promoted DEL club, Schwenningen Wild Wings.
He participated at several IIHF World Championships as a member of the Slovenia men's national ice hockey team.
International career.
Rodman played for the Slovenian national team at the 2008 IIHF World Championship, where he had 1 assist in 5 games.

</doc>
<doc id="20478612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478612" title="Luís Carlos Fernandes">
Luís Carlos Fernandes

Luis Carlos Fernandes, shortly Luizinho (born 25 July 1985) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Suphanburi. 
He has spent his career playing mainly in Asia since 2007. On 2 March 2011, Luizinho joined the South Korean club Incheon United, where he signed a contract until 2013.
Honor.
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="20478628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478628" title="Rustam Khojaev">
Rustam Khojaev

Rustam Khojaev (born 2 January 1973) is a Tajikistani footballer who played for Hima Dushanbe.

</doc>
<doc id="20478682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478682" title="Gabriel Biancheri">
Gabriel Biancheri

Gabriel Biancheri (born October 1, 1943 in Oullins, Rhône, dead December 28, 2010) was a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Drôme department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478691" title="Gabrielle Louis-Carabin">
Gabrielle Louis-Carabin

Gabrielle Louis-Carabin (born February 20, 1946 in Le Moule, Guadeloupe) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the island of Guadeloupe, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478696" title="Gaël Yanno">
Gaël Yanno

Gaël Yanno (born July 2, 1961 in Nouméa, New Caledonia) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the island of New Caledonia, with Pierre Frogier, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. He is a member of the commission of finance, general economy and budgetary control. He has been elected in June, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20478708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478708" title="Gaëtan Gorce">
Gaëtan Gorce

Gaëtan Gorce (born December 2, 1958 in Luzy, Nièvre) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Nièvre department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20478716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478716" title="Geneviève Colot">
Geneviève Colot

Geneviève Colot (born June 22, 1950 in Gommegnies) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Essonne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478718" title="Louis-Isaac Lemaistre de Sacy">
Louis-Isaac Lemaistre de Sacy

Louis-Isaac Lemaistre de Sacy (29 March 1613 – 4 January 1684), a priest of Port-Royal, was a theologian and French humanist. He is best known for his translation of the Bible the most widespread French Bible in the 18th century, also known as the "Bible de Port-Royal".
Biography.
Louis-Isaac Lemaistre de Sacy was born in Paris, one of five sons of Huguenot Isaac Le Maistre, and of Catherine Arnauld, who was one of the sisters of Marie Angélique Arnauld. In 1638, when his older brothers Antoine and Simon gave up their careers to retire to Port-Royal, Louis-Isaac joined them to take care of his education.
In 1650, he published a collection of prayers, the "Heures de Port-Royal," in which he translated the highly successful liturgical hymns.
De Sacy was imprisoned in the Bastille on 13 May 1666, remaining there until 14 November 1668. He took advantage of this time to complete the translation of the Old Testament into French from the Vulgate begun by his brother Antoine, and thus became the driving force behind a French language translation of the Bible, called the "Bible du Port-Royal" or "Bible de Sacy". After his release, Louis-Isaac devoted much of his time to revising his translation, and drafting the "Commentaires" that he wanted to accompany each of the books of the Bible.
From 1672 to 1684, the date of his death, de Sacy published 10 additional books of the Bible. Using the manuscripts left by de Sacy, his friend, Pierre Thomas (1634–1698) pursued this task, and undertook the publication, from 1685 to 1693. 
In 1696, "La Sainte Bible contenant l'Ancien et le Nouveau Testament" (The Holy Bible containing the Old and New Testament) was published in 32 volumes.
A Bible in French.
In the 12th century, the first French version of the Bible was created by Pierre de Vaux, chief of Vaudois: it would still a single copy. There followed the translation of Guyart des Moulins, composed in the late 13th century and printed in 1488, and then that of René Benoît, published in Paris in 1566, with marginal notes but which was censured as containing certain Calvinist "heresies".
De Sacy's is better known than previous translations and has been much reproduced. It was really the first translation of the Bible accessible to the non-Latin speaking general public.
The initiative of translation of the Vulgate came from the lawyer Antoine Le Maistre (1608–1658), who was the brother of Louis-Isaac, but that translation was not a good fit.
At his brother's death (1658), Louis-Isaac then began with his friends at Port-Royal (including Blaise Pascal, Robert Arnauld d'Andilly, Pierre Nicole, and Pierre Thomas) a revision of his Biblical translation, complete with additional books, Greek texts, and the New Testament. This new translation was to be published by Mons in 1667, taking the name " Nouveau Testament de Mons".
It was presented in 2 volumes in octavo. A new version, corrected by Beaubrun, was published in Paris in 1717 in 3 volumes in folio, with a fourth volume containing the Biblical apocrypha, the Old Testament, the writings of apostolic times, the prefaces of Saint Jerome, and essays on various Biblical matters.
Characteristics of de Sacy's Bible.
Some theologians criticized the translation of de Sacy as sometimes deviating from the letter of the original for no apparent reason. Others saw it as sober and elegant. As for explanations, they are at the time too encouraging the theories of Cornelius Jansen.
The "Bible de Port-Royal" was developed as a result of work carried out by logic Abbey de Port-Royal to Paris (see Port-Royal Logic). This logic was wanted to build exclusively on mathematics it was thought it could transpose the models in other fields of knowledge and the exercise of reason, therefore also in the field of training syntactic et grammatical of all statements of language, offering an ideal of rational language who wanted to reconcile the spirit of finesse and the spirit of geometry : the discourse "par excellence".

</doc>
<doc id="20478727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478727" title="Geneviève Fioraso">
Geneviève Fioraso

Geneviève Fioraso is a French politician, representative of the first district of Isère since June 2007, and a member of the Socialist Party. On May 16, 2012 she was appointed Minister for Higher Education and Research in the French government of Jean-Marc Ayrault.
Since 2008 she has been deputy for the Economy, Universities and Research for the City Council of Grenoble. During her previous term she was Deputy assistant for the Economy, Innovation, Trade and Craft, and First Vice-President of "Metro" -Agglomeration community of the Grenoble Alpes Métropole-, in charge of economic development.
Since 2003, she has been the CEO of the "S.E.M. Minatec Entreprises" (public-private venture, entrusted with the marketing of high-tech building of Minatec). She also serves as Chair of the "Institut d'Administration des Entreprises Grenoble", "Business Administration Institute of Grenoble".
Origin, and Training.
Born in Amiens in 1954, the youngest of six children, Fioraso obtained her high-school diploma BA at the age of 16 years old and married at 18.
A student of Hypo-Khâgne, she continued her studies and obtained two masters degrees (English, and Economics), then worked as an English teacher in Amiens.
In 1978 she left teaching and moved to Grenoble, where she served first as Information Officer, then managing Documentation and Press for the City of Grenoble, where she began collaborating with Hubert Dubedout, city's mayor and MP, and became his parliamentary attaché in 1983.
Professional and political curriculum.
In 1985 she participates in the "cantonal" electoral campaign, alongside Michel Destot.
From 1989 to 1995, she participates in the management team of Corys, a startups of the CEA.
Once elected mayor of Grenoble in 1995, Michel Destot requested that she serve as his Chief of Staff, for which she followed the economy and innovation affairs in particular.
From 1999 to 2001, Fioraso was director of the "Agence Régionale du Numérique", a regional agency set up by the digital network of cities of the Rhône-Alpes region. From 2001 to 2004, she was a senior marketing manager at France Telecom, in charge of emerging markets in the social-health sector.
In 2007, Genevieve Fioraso won 63.03% of the vote and defeated Alain Carignon to be elected "députée" -member of the French Parliament- in the "First district of Isère".
At the National Assembly, she is a board member of the "Socialist, Radical, Citizen and various left" group; member of the "Committee on Economic Affairs , the Environment and Territory"; and member of the "Parliamentary Office for Scientific and Technological Choices" (OPECST, Office parlementaire d'évaluation des choix scientifiques et technologiques).

</doc>
<doc id="20478734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478734" title="Geneviève Levy">
Geneviève Levy

Geneviève Levy (born February 24, 1948) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Var department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478737" title="David García Haro">
David García Haro

David García Haro (born 3 February 1980) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for UE Vilassar de Mar as a defender.
Football career.
Born in Valencia, Valencian Community, Garcia signed for FC Barcelona at the age of 16, from local Levante UD, playing his first four senior seasons with the B-team in the third division and helping it to two top-two league finishes, with the reserves subsequently falling short in the promotion playoffs. He never appeared officially for the Catalans' first team, his only appearance being the second half of a friendly match with China on 22 April 2004, coming on as a substitute for Marc Overmars.
In the 2004 summer García moved to "Barça" neighbours Gimnàstic de Tarragona, contributing with 28 league games in his second season as the club returned to La Liga after a 56-year absence. On 10 December 2006 he scored his only goal in the top division in a 2–1 home win against former club Levante, but "Nàstic" was immediately relegated back.
After one year with Cádiz CF, playing sparingly in another first division promotion, García resumed his career in the lower leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="20478744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478744" title="George Pau-Langevin">
George Pau-Langevin

George Pau-Langevin (born 19 October 1948 in Pointe-à-Pitre, Guadeloupe) is a French politician. Prior to her appointment as Junior Minister for Educational Success at the French Ministry of National Education by President François Hollande on 16 May 2012, she had represented the 21st parliamentary constituency of the city of Paris in the French National Assembly, where she belonged to the Socialist, Radical, Citizen, and Miscellaneous Left parliamentary group. She is a member of the Socialist Party of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20478753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478753" title="Georges Colombier">
Georges Colombier

Georges Colombier (born March 8, 1940 in Bourgoin-Jallieu, Isère) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Isère department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478757" title="Georges Ginesta">
Georges Ginesta

Georges Ginesta (born July 8, 1942 in Saint-Raphaël, Var) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Var department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478761" title="Georges Mothron">
Georges Mothron

Georges Mothron (born April 5, 1948) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Val-d'Oise department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478765" title="Georges Tron">
Georges Tron

Georges Tron (born 1 August 1957 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) served as Secretary of Public Affairs in the Cabinet of François Baroin but resigned after accusations of sexual assault were made against him.
Biography.
Georges Tron received a Masters in Public Law. In 1986, he was appointed as parliamentary advisor to Edouard Balladur, then Minister of Economy and Finance. From 1988 to 1993, he served as Chief of Staff for Balladur. From 1997 to 2002, he served as budgetary advisor to the Prime Minister, Lionel Jospin.
In 1999, he served as National Secretary of the Rally for the Republic and in 2002, he joined the Union for a Popular Movement.
He became President of the Union des Jeunes pour le Progrès. Since 1993, he has been a deputy of Essonne. Since 1995, he has been Mayor of Draveil. Since 2003, he has been the President of Communauté d'Agglomération Sénart Val de Seine. In 2009, he joined the Deslierres & Associés law firm.
In May 2011, George Tron became the subject of a preliminary investigation into charges of sexual harassment after two women alleged that he had attacked them between 2007 and 2010, which led him to resign as a junior minister for the civil service, tendering his resignation to French President Nicholas Sarkozy. Tron linked the case to a feud with relatives of Presidential candidate Marine Le Pen, who announced she would sue him for libel.
Political career.
Governmental functions
Secretary of State for Public Service : 2010-2011 (Resignation)
Electoral mandates
National Assembly of France
Member of the National Assembly of France for Essonne (9th constituency) : 1993-2010 (He became secretary of state in 2010) / Since 2011. Elected in 1993, reelected in 1997, 2002, 2007.
Municipal Council
Mayor of Draveil : Since 1995. Reelected in 2001, 2008.
Municipal councillor of Draveil : Since 1995. Reelected in 2001, 2008.
Agglomeration Community Council
President of the Agglomeration Community Sénart Val de Seine : Since 2003. Reelected in 2008.
Member of the Agglomeration Community Sénart Val de Seine : Since 2003. Reelected in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20478772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478772" title="Zdzisław Styczeń">
Zdzisław Styczeń

Zdzisław Styczeń (born 16 October 1894 in Przemyśl – died on 20 December 1978 in Kraków) was a footballer from Poland (midfielder) who played for such clubs as Cracovia and Wisła Kraków. He played in the first game of the Poland national football team. Styczeń was also a part of the Poland national football team that participated in the 1924 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20478773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478773" title="Germinal Peiro">
Germinal Peiro

Germinal Peiro (born September 15, 1953 in Lézignan-Corbières, Aude) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Dordogne department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20478774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478774" title="The Next Movement">
The Next Movement

"The Next Movement" is a single by The Roots from their fourth album "Things Fall Apart" (1999). The track features scratching from DJ Jazzy Jeff and background vocals from R&B duo Jazzyfatnastees. Randall Roberts of the "Riverfront Times" called it "one of the best singles of the '90s". Charles Stone III directed the song's music video.

</doc>
<doc id="20478777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478777" title="Gilbert Le Bris">
Gilbert Le Bris

Gilbert Le Bris (born March 3, 1949 in Concarneau) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Finistère department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20478782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478782" title="Gilbert Mathon">
Gilbert Mathon

Gilbert Mathon (born May 7, 1941) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Somme department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20478786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478786" title="Gilles Bourdouleix">
Gilles Bourdouleix

Gilles Bourdouleix (born April 15, 1960 in Angers, Maine-et-Loire) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Maine-et-Loire department and is a member of the party Debout la République. He was the mayor of Cholet, Maine-et-Loire, from 1995 to 2008. In July 2013 he garnered controversy for allegedly saying Adolf Hitler had not killed enough Romani people or as they are called in France "gens du voyage." He left the newly fomed UDI political party, soon afterwards, due to the ongoing controversy his words caused, but states that he did not say those exact words and that his remarks were misinterpreted.

</doc>
<doc id="20478792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478792" title="Gilles Carrez">
Gilles Carrez

Gilles Carrez (born August 20, 1948 in Paris) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Val-de-Marne's 5th constituency, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
He is the author of the 1996 Carrez law which obliges the vendor of a property lot (or fraction of a lot) in a condominium to specifically mention the surface area in all documents relating to the property sold.

</doc>
<doc id="20478796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478796" title="Gilles Cocquempot">
Gilles Cocquempot

Gilles Cocquempot (born October 22, 1952) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Pas-de-Calais department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20478802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478802" title="Gilles d'Ettore">
Gilles d'Ettore

Gilles d'Ettore (born May 23, 1968 in Agde, Hérault) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Hérault department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478807" title="Gisèle Biémouret">
Gisèle Biémouret

Gisèle Biémouret (born June 16, 1952) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the Gers department. She is a member of the SRC parliamentary group.

</doc>
<doc id="20478811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478811" title="Guillaume Garot">
Guillaume Garot

Guillaume Garot (born May 29, 1966) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Mayenne department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche. After the French legislative elections of 2012, Guillaume Garot was nominated Junior Minister for the Food Industry, under the authority of Stéphane Le Foll in the Jean-Marc Ayrault government.

</doc>
<doc id="20478815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478815" title="Guy Chambefort">
Guy Chambefort

Guy Chambefort (born October 19, 1944 in Saint-Étienne) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the first constituency of the Allier department, and sits as a member of the Socialist, Radical, Citizen and Miscellaneous Left group in the Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20478821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478821" title="Guy Geoffroy">
Guy Geoffroy

Guy Geoffroy (born May 26, 1949 in Paris) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-et-Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478827" title="Guy Malherbe">
Guy Malherbe

Guy Malherbe (born April 9, 1946) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Essonne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478833" title="Guy Teissier">
Guy Teissier

Guy Teissier (born April 4, 1945) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Bouches-du-Rhône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. He is also the Mayor of the Fifth Sector of Marseille. The Azerbaijani government has blacklisted Teissier who visited Nagorno-Karabakh in 2011 without Baku’s permission.

</doc>
<doc id="20478840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478840" title="Guénhaël Huet">
Guénhaël Huet

Guénhaël Huet (born July 30, 1956) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Manche department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478846" title="Gérard Bapt">
Gérard Bapt

Gérard Bapt is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the Haute-Garonne department. He is a member of the Socialist Party ("Parti Socialiste") and works in association with the SRC parliamentary group.
Bapt is a medical doctor and heart specialist. He was first elected in 1978 and kept his seat until 1993; he was then re-elected in 1997 and has held his seat since.

</doc>
<doc id="20478853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478853" title="Alier Ashurmamadov">
Alier Ashurmamadov

Alijor Aşurmamadov (), (born on 20 August 1970), is a former Tajikistani footballer who played for Lokomotiv Moscow, Anzhi Makhachkala, and FC Irtysh. He was a member of the Tajikistan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20478855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478855" title="Gérard Charasse">
Gérard Charasse

Gérard Charasse (born March 26, 1944 in Le Vernet, Allier) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the 4th constituency of the Allier department, and is a member of the Radical Party of the Left.

</doc>
<doc id="20478860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478860" title="Gérard Cherpion">
Gérard Cherpion

Gérard Cherpion (born March 15, 1948 in Dombasle-sur-Meurthe, Meurthe-et-Moselle) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Vosges department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478864" title="Gérard Gaudron">
Gérard Gaudron

Gérard Gaudron (born May 26, 1949 in Évans, Jura) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-Saint-Denis department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478867" title="Gérard Hamel">
Gérard Hamel

Gérard Hamel (born February 21, 1945 in Sourdun, Seine-et-Marne) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Eure-et-Loire department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478874" title="Gérard Lorgeoux">
Gérard Lorgeoux

Gérard Lorgeoux (born August 21, 1943) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Morbihan department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478878" title="Gérard Millet">
Gérard Millet

Gérard Millet (born January 20, 1939 in Melun, Seine-et-Marne) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-et-Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478884" title="Gérard Voisin">
Gérard Voisin

Gérard Voisin (born August 18, 1945 in Mâcon, Saône-et-Loire) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Saône-et-Loire department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478887" title="Henri Cuq">
Henri Cuq

Henri Cuq (March 12, 1942, Toulouse – June 11, 2010) was a member of the National Assembly of France. He represented the Yvelines department, and was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478892" title="Henri Nayrou">
Henri Nayrou

Henri Nayrou (born November 21, 1944) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Ariège department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20478900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478900" title="Henri Plagnol">
Henri Plagnol

Henri Plagnol (born February 11, 1961) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Val-de-Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478906" title="Henriette Martinez">
Henriette Martinez

Henriette Martinez (born July 10, 1949 in Laragne-Montéglin, Hautes-Alpes) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Hautes-Alpes department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20478909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478909" title="Livermore v. Waite">
Livermore v. Waite

Livermore V. Waite is an 1894 California Supreme Court ruling that limits the power of the legislature in making amendments to the California Constitution 
by ruling that the power to change to the constitution cannot be delegated to any individual, as the sovereign power rests with the people 
The decision was met with the full concurrence of the court, with the majority opinion authored by Justice Harrison and the concurring opinion authored by Justice Paterson.
Background.
In the session of congress prior to this case, congress approved by a two-thirds majority in each house, an amendment to the constitution changing section 1 of article XX of the constitution to change the capital of California from Sacramento to San Jose pending a two-thirds approval by the electorate, a donation of ten acres in San Jose to the state, and one million dollars for the move. It also authorized the Governor, Secretary of State, and Attorney General to approve the site and upon approval and transferring the one million dollars into the state treasury, the legislature would provide for the erection of the building, and the removal of the capital at Sacramento.
As a taxpayer and citizen, Horatio Livermore brought action against the secretary of state to restrain from publishing in the statutes, and sending to the county clerks of the state, the proposed senate constitutional amendment because he felt that congress had out stepped its authority in making this amendment, and that it would be inoperative if approved by the people. This would result in an improper expenditure of public money. 
The lower court ruled in the plaintiff Livermore's favor, to which the defendant Waite appealed and the Supreme Court affirmed the decision, finding the amendment to be unconstitutional.
Opinion.
The constitution can be changed in two methods, a revision to the constitution by delegates in a convention with the purpose of revising the entire document, in which the limitations are set only by the United States Constitution.
The second is by adoption by the people of more limited amendments that have been passed two-third majority of the legislature.
The court provided a definition under Article XVIII of an amendment and a revision:
The very term "constitution" implies an instrument of a permanent and abiding nature, and the provisions contained therein for its revision indicate the will of the people that the underlying principles upon which it rests, as well as the substantial entirety of the instrument, shall be of a like permanent and abiding nature. On the other hand, the significance of the term "amendment" implies such an addition or change within the lines of the original instrument as will effect an improvement, or better carry out the purpose for which it was framed.
The court decided that by making the amendment conditional pending the approval was of the new location of the capital by the Governor, Secretary of State, and Attorney General, their votes superseded the vote of the people, and that in effect, the vote of the people would was simply a manner in which to send it to a higher power for approval. This amendment would not become operational on popular approval, but on conditions not specified there. This meant that the proposition was not passed in accordance with either method in the Constitution for amendment or revision, therefore rendering it unconstitutional.
Significance.
In August 1999, the Alaska Supreme Court used the ruling in Livermore v. Waite in the case Bess v. Ulmer noting "it is helpful to look to the law of California, a state which has considered the issue carefully over a period of nearly one hundred years. A line of California Supreme Court cases, beginning with Livermore v. Waite, has outlined the parameters of the procedures for constitutional change in that state."

</doc>
<doc id="20478920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478920" title="National Institute of Technology and Evaluation">
National Institute of Technology and Evaluation

The , or NITE is an incorporated administrative agency (an independent administrative institution ), established by Japanese government, aiming to contribute to the “safety and security of life” supported by reliable technology and information.
History.
The predecessors of NITE were five Inspection Institutes of the Japanese government, such as the Export Silk Fabrics Inspection Institute established in 1928, Machinery and Tools Inspection Institute in 1948. After several reorganization steps, they were integrated into the International Trade and Industry Inspection Institute in 1984. It was reorganized into the National Institute of Technology and Evaluation in 1995 and established as an incorporated administrative agency in 2001 remaining under the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry.
Missions.
NITE works toward the mission by technical evaluation of industrial products, and preservation and distribution of products’ information, in the following four fields.
1. Biotechnology field
The Department of Biotechnology (DOB) manages NITE Biological Resource Center (NBRC), which works as a national culture collection in Japan. It is dedicated to the acquisition, characterization, identification, and preservation of microorganisms, such as bacteria, archaea, fungi and microalgae, and distribution of those microbes together with their genetic information to the universities, research institutions and industries. It also manages a patent depositary for biological material under the Budapest Treaty. Based on the principles of the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD), DOB has been conducting collaborative research with a number of Asian countries in conservation and sustainable use of microbial resources. It also works for biosafety following by the guidelines of Cartagena Protocol.
2. Chemical management field
The Chemical Management Center of NITE undertakes a central role in the comprehensive chemical management. The three main aspects of the center’s activities are 1) Support for the enforcement of laws and regulations related to the risk management of chemical substances, 2) Arrangement and provision of comprehensive information, by developing databases, to provide knowledge required for implementing chemical management system, 3) Development and management of risk assessment of chemical substances.
3. Accreditation field
The International Accreditation Japan (IAJapan) is an accreditation body that was established following a comprehensive review of accreditation programs for testing and calibration laboratories operated at NITE. The establishment of IAJapan is based on the perception that it is the duty of the government accreditation body to respond to requests from industries, academies, and the government administrations. Accreditation programs currently operated in IAJapan include MLAP (Specified Measurement Laboratory Accreditation Program), JCSS (Japan Calibration Service System), JNLA (Japan National Laboratory Accreditation System) and ASNITE (Accreditation System of NITE). 
4. Consumer products safety field
The Products Safety Technology Center of NITE collects accidents information on consumer products, investigates their causes and makes the results available to the public. It also conducts product tests to identify the safety and quality performances, and on-site inspections to confirm businesses’ compliance with the laws and regulations on product safety. The results are periodically stored in an accident information database, which is made available to the public on the website. The Center also contributes to the development of standards in the area related to the consumer safety, in collaboration with universities and research institutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20478929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478929" title="Downtown Woodland Historic District">
Downtown Woodland Historic District

The Downtown Woodland Historic District is a historic district in Woodland, California. The district encompasses roughly and 59 contributing buildings. It is a California Historical Landmark and is listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places.
Contributing properties.
Historic district contributing properties include:

</doc>
<doc id="20478989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478989" title="Carles Domingo Pladevall">
Carles Domingo Pladevall

Carles Domingo Pladevall (born 10 June 1977), commonly known as Mingo, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a left defender.
A FC Barcelona youth product, he appeared in 279 Segunda División games over the course of 11 seasons, mainly with Gimnàstic (five years) and Barcelona B (three). He added in 134 and one goal in La Liga, where he represented the former club and also Sporting de Gijón, Rayo Vallecano, Betis and Albacete.
Football career.
Born in Hostalric, Girona, Catalonia, Mingo began his football career in FC Barcelona's youth system. Playing alongside Albert Celades and Iván de la Peña, he won the 1994 "División de Honor" and the "Copa del Rey Juvenil"; already a senior, he spent three seasons with the club's B-team. 
In the 1997 summer Mingo was released, moving to Sporting de Gijón and making his La Liga debuts that season, as the Asturias side was finally relegated. After two seasons he returned to the top flight with Rayo Vallecano, where his good performances attracted attention from Real Betis, with a good first campaign being followed by two subpar ones (in his last year, however, he scored his first goal in the top level, a 2–1 away win against RCD Espanyol on 25 January 2004).
In 2004 Mingo moved to Albacete Balompié, playing one season each in the first and second divisions – in his second year, he was sent off three times. In 2006–07 he returned to his region of birth, signing with Gimnàstic de Tarragona and appearing in 16 league games in a season that ended in top flight relegation.
Veteran Mingo was regularly used by "Nàstic" in the following four second division campaigns, featuring in a minimum of 21 and a maximum of 29 league matches. He was released at the end of 2011–12, with the club suffering relegation.

</doc>
<doc id="20478995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20478995" title="2008–09 Luge World Cup">
2008–09 Luge World Cup

The 2008–09 Luge World Cup is a multi race tournament over a season for luge. The season started on 29 November 2008 and ended on 21 February 2009. The World Cup is organised by the FIL and sponsored by Viessmann. These cups served as qualifiers for the 2010 Winter Olympics luge events in Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="20479011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479011" title="Jukka Rauhala">
Jukka Rauhala

Jukka Matti Rauhala (born March 1, 1959 in Muurame) is a former wrestler from Finland, who claimed the bronze medal in the Men's Freestyle Lightweight Division (– 68 kg) at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20479012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479012" title="Akmal Kholmatov">
Akmal Kholmatov

Akmal Kholmatov (born on 4 April 1976) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for Lokomotiv Tashkent. He is a member of the Tajikistan national football team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign.
Name Controversy.
In 2007, the AFC launched an investigation into the identities of two Central Asian players after what the Confederation believed was a case of falsification of nationalities to play in AFC competitions. A preliminary investigation and photographs have revealed that the players, "Akmal Kholmatov" and "Akhmal Holmatov", were the same person. The AFC has referred to the institution's Disciplinary Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20479053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479053" title="Bojan Banjac">
Bojan Banjac

Bojan Banjac (Serbian Cyrillic: Бojaн Бaњaц, born 24 October 1971 in Inđija) is a former Serbian association footballer.
After playing with FK Zemun in the First League of FR Yugoslavia, Banjac moved to France in 1996 where he played 23 Ligue 1 games for Lille OSC in 1996-97 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20479054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479054" title="Adolescence (film)">
Adolescence (film)

Adolescence is a 1966 French short documentary film directed by Marin Karmitz. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20479074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479074" title="Malygina Strait">
Malygina Strait

Malygina Strait or Malygin Strait in Siberia, Russia is an 8 to 10 km wide sound which is frozen most of the year. It separates Bely Island from the Yamal Peninsula in the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Tyumen Oblast. The strait is named after explorer Stepan Malygin, who was the first to make an instrumental mapping of its coasts during the Great Northern Expedition in the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20479097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479097" title="Spain–Albania Friendship Association">
Spain–Albania Friendship Association

Spain–Albania Friendship Association () was an organization based in Spain. The association was recognized by the government of Socialist Albania. The organization was linked to the Communist Party of Spain (Marxist-Leninist). In 1979 the organization began publishing "Drita Albania : (la luz de Albania)".

</doc>
<doc id="20479112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479112" title="Tapio Sipilä">
Tapio Sipilä

Tapio Olavi Sipilä (born November 26, 1958 in Kiiminki, Oulu), nicknamed Tapsa, is a former wrestler from Finland, who claimed the silver medal in the Men's Greco-Roman Lightweight Division (– 68 kg) at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. He won the bronze medal four years later in the same weight division at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="20479124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479124" title="Have Thine Own Way, Lord">
Have Thine Own Way, Lord

"Have Thine Own Way, Lord" is a Christian hymn with lyrics by Adelaide A. Pollard and music by George C. Stebbins was first published in 1907, in the "Northfield Hymnal with Alexander's Supplement". Later that year, it also appeared in two other popular hymnals, Ira Sankey's "Hallowed Hymns New and Old" and Sankey and Clement's "Best Endeavor Hymns". 
Background.
In 1902, Adelaide A. Pollard, a hymn writer, was hoping to go to Africa as a missionary but found herself unable to raise the needed funds to make the journey. Greatly discouraged, she attended a prayer service one evening and as she sat there, she overheard an elderly woman say "It really doesn't matter what you do with us, Lord, just have your own way with our lives." The elderly woman inspired Pollard and she contemplated the story of the potter from Jeremiah 18:3 and, upon her return home that evening, wrote all four stanzas before retiring for the night.
Five years later George Stebbins wrote a tune titled "Adelaide" to accompany the text.
Lyrics.
<poem>Have Thine own way, Lord! Have Thine own way!
Mold me and make me after Thy will,
Have Thine own way, Lord! Have Thine own way!
Whiter than snow, Lord, wash me just now,
Have Thine own way, Lord! Have Thine own way!
Power, all power, surely is Thine!
Have Thine own way, Lord! Have Thine own way!
Fill with Thy Spirit ’till all shall see
Recordings.
"Have Thine Own Way, Lord" remains popular and has been recorded by such artists as: Mahalia Jackson, Marty Robbins, Johnny Cash, Eric Copeland, Cristy Lane, Jim Reeves, Eddy Arnold, John Fogerty, Ned Beatty and most, recently by, Ronnie Milsap on his 2009 gospel album, "Then Sings My Soul".

</doc>
<doc id="20479138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479138" title="Cowboy (1966 film)">
Cowboy (1966 film)

Cowboy is a 1966 American short documentary film directed by Michael Ahnemann and produced by Ahnemann and Gary Schlosser. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20479144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479144" title="Kika Edgar">
Kika Edgar

Kika Edgar (; born Sandra Ericka Edgar Garza on January 9, 1985 in Tampico, Tamaulipas), is a Mexican actress and singer.
Biography.
Starting her career primarily in theater and musicals, she has become well known in Mexico, starring in telenovelas such as "Amor Real" and "Contra Viento y Marea". It wasn't until 2006 when she started her singing career with help of the fame she gained for her singing in the Mexican reality show "Cantando por un Sueño". Since then, Kika has released two solo albums, and being referred to as "La Nueva Gran Intérprete de México" ("The New Great Interpret of Mexico").
Early career.
Edgar began her career by studying acting and singing in the "Centro de Educación Artística de Televisa" (CEA). She specialized in ballet dancing, since she aspired to become a professional artist.

</doc>
<doc id="20479172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479172" title="Catharine Hermine Kølle">
Catharine Hermine Kølle

Catharine Hermine Kølle (29 February 1788 - 27 August 1859) was a Norwegian adventurer and painter.
She was born at Snarøya in the Oslofjord as the daughter Christian Kølle (1736–1814). Her father was a language teacher and theologian. In 1803 the family moved to Kopervik on the island of Karmøy in the county of Rogaland, Norway. In 1807 the family moved to Holmen in Ulvik in the district of Hardanger, which became the permanent basis for her life.
She is known as both the first female hiker and the first female painter in Norway. She twice traveled by foot to Italy, and chronicled her travels over 400 pages. She also painted at least 251 watercolor paintings. The total list of works contains not only scenes from places she has visited. She also painted the images in the travel descriptions from inaccessible destinations including North America, Guinea, Istanbul, Sri Lanka and Jakarta. She also painted biblical and mythological scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="20479208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479208" title="East Grinstead CC">
East Grinstead CC

History.
East Grinstead Cycling Club was formed in 1950, and was initially a cycle touring club. Club members quickly found a love for racing, and the club enjoyed many successes including numerous Sussex championships in road racing and time trialling.
Many well known names have passed through its ranks, including Brian Phillips, Stephen Elms, Steven Dennis and Belgian Women's National champion Natacha Maes.
Sean Yates and his brother Christian both started their cycling careers with the club. Sean famously went on to become one of Britains most well known continental professionals with a stage victory and wearing of the Yellow Jersey in the Tour de France. He is still a member today, and it's not unknown for a member of the Yates family to show up to a club midweek Time Trial
The Club Today.
Today the club enjoys some local success in Time Trials, and is a regular promoter of cyclo-cross, individual time trial & reliability trial rides. During the summer months the club promote a full evening program of Time Trials, on Tuesday evenings, across a range of sporting courses and distances in Surrey & Sussex.
The club's official website link is here [http://www.egcc.net] where details of results, upcoming rides, club records, and how to become a member are available
The club is affiliated to British Cycling, Cycling Time Trials, Audax UK, Sussex CA, East Sussex CA, and the Southern Counties Cycling Union

</doc>
<doc id="20479230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479230" title="Sauz de baca choix">
Sauz de baca choix

Sauzadebaca of Choix is a town located in the municipality of Choix in the state of Sinaloa, Mexico. Founded in 1900 by Don Luis Miranda, after the family arrived in Corrales. The village has a population of just over 100 inhabitants. It also has a primary school, a kindergarten, and a clinic,

</doc>
<doc id="20479283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479283" title="The Odds Against">
The Odds Against

The Odds Against is a 1966 American short documentary film directed by Lee R. Bobker. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20479292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479292" title="Jean-Sébastien Côté">
Jean-Sébastien Côté

Jean-Sébastien Côté is a musician and sound designer based in Montreal, Canada. Originally a percussionist and accompanist for modern dance, he became interested in composing in the early 1990s and began collaborating with various choreographers in Quebec City.
Since 1999, he has been working with Canadian director Robert Lepage, designing the sound and / or composing the music for many of his plays like "The Blue Dragon", "The Andersen Project", "The Far Side of the Moon" and "Zulu Time".
He was also involved in Lepage's foray into other art forms: cinema (The far side of the moon), opera (1984 (opera)) and dance (Eonnagata).
He received a Gascon-Roux award for his work on The Andersen Project in 2006.
According to his website, he's currently working on a recording project that should be released in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20479299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479299" title="Nenad Bjeković (footballer born 1974)">
Nenad Bjeković (footballer born 1974)

Nenad Bjeković, Jr. (born 17 February 1974) is a former Serbian footballer who played mainly as a striker.
Club career.
After starting his career with Partizan, Bjeković made a move to French giants Marseille in 1995, but failed to make an impression and he left the club after only one season. Over the next two seasons, Bjeković had short spells with Nantes and Châteauroux, before returning to Partizan in the 1998–99 season.
In the summer of 1999, Bjeković moved to Greece by joining his former head coach and compatriot Ljubiša Tumbaković at AEK Athens, but he stayed in the Greek capital only one season. Bjeković also played in the Dutch Eredivisie with Fortuna Sittard and in the Belgian First Division with Lommel.
Personal life.
His father Nenad was a renowned footballer who played for Partizan and Nice in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20479302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479302" title="Maurizio Pisati">
Maurizio Pisati

Maurizio Pisati - is an Italian composer
Born 1959 in Milan, he composes and performs his own works with his group ZONE. His music has been performed throughout both western and eastern Europe, the USA, Australia and Japan, is published by Casa-Ricordi, has been awarded prizes and selected in International competitions (Gaudeamus Amsterdam, Contilli Messina, Petrassi parma, Brecht Milano, Bucchi Roma), got a Stipendienpreis at Darmstad Ferienkursen für Neue Musik 1988, the JapanFoundation Uchida Fellowship 1998, and is transmitted on worldwide radio broadcasting. He made CDs with Ricordi-Fonit Cetra, Edipan, BMG, CavalliRecords-Bamberg and LArecords, his own label founded in 1997.
Education.
Maurizio Pisati graduated with highest votations in Composition, Analysis, History, Harmony and Counterpoint at the Conservatorio G. Verdi of Milan under A. Guarnieri and G. Manzoni, and in the same time studying at summer courses Darmstadt and with S. Sciarrino at Specialisation Courses at the Accademia of Città di Castello. He graduated in Guitar (again at Milan) and had a fruitful performing career between 1983 and 1989 establishing and playing in the Laboratorio Trio.
Teaching.
He is Professor in "Element of Composition", "Invention&Interpretation", "Composition for applied music" at Conservatorio G. B. Martini in Bologna.
Since 1994 to 1996 he has taught at Corsi di Perfezionamento in Bobbio and in 2004 at summer courses Novantiqua in Frascati. He has given lectures and masterclasses at Toho Gakuen University-Tokyo, Tokyo Music College, Arts Academy Reykjavik, Politecnico delle Arti-Milano, Irino Foundation-Tokyo and Universities of Vaxjö, Brisbane, Melbourne.
List of works.
Catalogue updated 2007
"-Music and theatre:"
Umbra, texts by M. Cvetaeva (Ensemble, Milano‘88, CRT-EchoEnsemble);
Ermengarda (Zürich‘89, Stiftung BINZ39);
TAXI! (Ensemble, LiveElectr., Sassari‘95, Teatro Civico);
STOCK ZONE-TakuHon (Cello, Percussion, String Orch., AudioTracks MilanoVideoRaiSat by Gianni Di Capua, stage direction Ferruccio Bigi, Teatro Studio-MilanoMusica’99);
Il Copiafavole-ZONE (Ensemble and Copy Machines, Torino, PiccoloTeatroRegio 2001),
Theatre of Dawn (Ensemble and AudioVideo, Brisbane, [http://www.jwcoca.qld.gov.au/]-ElisionEnsemble 2007). 
Music for the Theatre companies Arsenale-Milano and PACTA as
Aristofane in Blue, TreniGalattici, Le 5 morti di Pitagora, Jamais, and others. 
Music for the "FLASHetBIP" duo with light artist Fulvio Michelazzi, as Coach1_seat11, waLkingprogress, CdellaVelocità, GuerrigliaLuminosa.
"-Music, Video and Electronics: "
San Moku Sen Gan (Percussion, Tokyo‘97);
Vormittagspuk (live music performance on the historical film by Hans Richter, Roma'97);
ZONE-d’Amore (live music performance on the historical film “L’Inhumaine” by Marcel L’Herbier, Milano'98);
La Stanza degli Indizi Terrestri (text by M. Cvetaeva and L. da Vinci, Video by Marcos Jorge, Teatro del Trionfo, Pesaro‘98);
3HATSconcert (ZONE, Warszawa Festival AudioArt’98).
ZONE I (El. MIDI Guitar and Flute; Biennale Venezia ‘95)
ZONE II (Voice and Percussion; MilanoMusica‘95/StudioAgon/Teatro alla Scala),
7 (Percussion and Piano, ArsLudi in Los Angeles-New York-Rome’94),
L’Autore a chi legge (based on the comedies and works of C. Goldoni, Villa Litta, Milano'96);
ZONE-Franche (Castelfranco Veneto‘96, Cello, Piano, Church bells, a city-wide happening in cooperation with CSC-Padua University);
ShiKaShi (Recorders and Percussion; Zürich‘97),
CATVLLVS (Liuto, Arciliuto and Percussion, Verona, Unesco-World Day for Poetry2000);
SpiegelKontaktFabrik (Didjeridoo/Oboe and Tape, Tuchfühlung2, Kunsthaus LangenbergAV2000);
PURPLE H (Ensemble, -TheJimiHendrixReflections- Reggio Emilia 2001);
YukiOnna (Trumpet, projection of paintings by Ferruccio Bigi and Audio track,Roma-Japan Foundation2001, or for ElectricGuitar by Chiara Asquini.
HANDS IN BLUE and THE GREAT CIRCLE, music for the project "Sailing Away to paint the Sea" by Vittoria Chierici
"-As a selection of other chamber works: "
SETTE STUDI (solo Guitar; Darmstadt'90);
Ö (Tenor Sax and Trombone, Strasbourg‘91);
HACK (Flute and Percussion; Tokyo‘96);
SaxStories (StockholmSaxophoneQuartet, Roma'98);
ZONE-Alp (Flute and Guitar, Tokyo‘98);
Senti? (Guitar and String Orchestra, CamerataRoman, Göteborg’99);
TEI (Koto and Piano, Tokyo, TheaterWinter2000);
Samblana (Guitar and Sax, SwedishRadioCompanyP2, Stockholm 2000);
Tamatebako (Percussion, Nashville 2001);
Sì. Cos’è? (Percussion and String Orchestra, Milano2003);
OverdubOverdoubt (SonEnsembleStockholm-ZONE, Video Max Bertolai, Padova2003);
ZONE-popTRAIN (Ensemble, commission by VictorJapan2003);
ZONE-Tarkus (transcription of Tarkus by EmersonLake&Palmer as a commission of VictorJapan with the agreement of Keith Emerson);
Passacaglia Mit Albert, (Percussion, Recorders and LiveElectronics, commission by BiennaleBern 2005);
U (Ensemble, commission by Ensemble Fiarì, Torino2006);
Questio (words from Dante, voice of the poet Thor Vilhjalmsson, Percussion, Trumpet, AudioTrack, Festival MyrkirMusukdagar, Reykjavik2006);
Microbolero (Commission by Orchestra Filarmonica-Torino2006); 
RödKonsert (Recorders, Archlute, SaxQuartet, Trombone, OPercussion, Audiovideo, Stockholm 2012);

</doc>
<doc id="20479307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479307" title="Courting bench">
Courting bench

A courting bench, also known as a kissing bench, conversation bench, or a tête-à-tête (French for "head-to-head") is a bench with two parallel seats, facing in opposite directions, with a shared arm of the bench separating them.
They were popular in Victorian times, and thought convenient for kissing and intimate but demure conversation, as the names imply.

</doc>
<doc id="20479308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479308" title="Edward Eugene Harper">
Edward Eugene Harper

Edward Eugene Harper (born March 1, 1946) is an American former fugitive who was wanted for sex crimes against children. Harper was added to the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list on November 29, 2008. After 15 years on the lam, he was captured in Wyoming by the FBI on July 23, 2009.
Background.
Early life and family.
Edward Eugene Harper was born in New Mexico to Nell Trimue Harper, a Baptist from Forrest City, Arkansas. Edward Harper has at least three sisters, he has been married twice and has two children.
Personal life.
Harper, who had little formal education has worked as a truck driver, mechanic and a ranch worker.
He reportedly subscribed to Sovereign Citizen Movement ideology and claimed to be a member of the Montana Freemen, although authorities have never been able to confirm his affiliation with the group.
Harper was diagnosed with schizotypal personality disorder by a behavioral psychologist in Mississippi, shortly after his 1994 arrest. The disorder is characterized by a desire for social isolation, social anxiety and odd behavior. Harper is described as a survivalist, who has used lived outside of modern society, but according to FBI Special Agent Ryan Arton he "could distinguish right from wrong".
Child molestation accusations.
From fall of 1993 to March 1994, Harper allegedly molested two girls in Hernando, Mississippi. In 1993, Harper, who was forty-eight years old, lived with his eighteen-year-old wife, Debra Busby, in a trailer park in DeSoto County, Mississippi.
According to Arton, the FBI Special Agent, Harper and his then-19-year-old wife began to look after one of his alleged victims, a three-year-old girl, whose homeless mother could not take care for her. Alleged sexual abuse by Harper and his wife Debra began within a month. The second alleged victim was an eight-year-old girl who lived in the neighborhood. Arton said Harper threatened his wife and alleged victims with violence if they ever told anyone of the abuse.
In March 1994, after the girls told their parents about the alleged sexual abuse, police obtained a search warrant. When Harper's trailer home was raided, he had already fled. After the raid, a highway officer in Utah performed a routine traffic stop and pulled over Harper and his wife. When the officer ran his name, the warrant came to his attention. Harper was arrested and extradited back to Mississippi. Harper was indicted on April 27, 1994 and released on $20,000 bond, but he failed to appear for a court hearing and his bond was revoked. A state warrant was issued for his arrest on October 31, 1994, in DeSoto County, Mississippi. Subsequently, a federal arrest warrant was issued for Harper by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi, after he was charged in violation of unlawful flight to avoid prosecution on February 5, 1999.
Fugitive.
During Harper's time on the lam, his mother received several letters from "Ed Harmon" - an alias used by Edward Harper. The letters mentioned him doing ranch work in Montana and Wyoming.
Harper's phone calls to his half-sister mentioned "cattle work", but he did not reveal his location. His mother died in 1998, and her obituary mentioned that her son Edward E. Harper was living in Montana. Harper was believed to be in Montana, Wyoming or Arkansas, where he has family ties.
He was placed on Oprah Winfrey's Child Predator Watch List and was profiled on the television program "America's Most Wanted: America Fights Back".
On November 29, 2008 Harper was named by the FBI as the 491st fugitive to be placed on the Ten Most Wanted Fugitives. He replaced Michael Registe on the list. There was a reward of up to $100,000 for information leading to Harper's capture being offered by the FBI. The reward will be paid to the tipster.
Harper lived a nomadic lifestyle, living in a truck with a camper top, moving from place to place, and earning a living by doing odd jobs and herding sheep. He would make trips to buy groceries and tobacco to the general store in Kaycee, which was said to be the nearest town to his camp. Harper himself told the judge he had been living on and off for 15 years in the Broken Horn Creek area.
Capture.
The FBI received a telephone tip in June at the Denver office regarding Harper, and brought a SWAT team and a hostage negotiation team to apprehend him. He was captured in Washakie County, Wyoming in the southern portion of the Big Horn Mountains. on July 23, 2009 by FBI and Wyoming Game and Fish Department officers after nearly 15 years on the lam. Harper surrendered without an incident and admitted his identity. He had an unspecified number of handguns and rifles in his truck but was not carrying them when he was apprehended.
Harper was transported to Casper, where he was being held at the Natrona County jail and extradited to Mississippi in September 2009.
Trial and Conviction.
At trial, Harper testified that he never abused the girls, and that he fled because he did not feel he would get a fair trial.
Harper was convicted by the DeSoto County Circuit Court of six counts of sexual battery, two counts of fondling, and two counts of conspiracy to commit sexual battery in October 2010. Harper was sentenced to a total of fifty years to serve in the custody of the Mississippi Department of Corrections.

</doc>
<doc id="20479347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479347" title="Saint Matthew Passion (film)">
Saint Matthew Passion (film)

Saint Matthew Passion () is a 1966 Hungarian short documentary film directed by Tamás Czigány. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20479397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479397" title="India–Albania Friendship Association">
India–Albania Friendship Association

The India–Albania Friendship Association was an organisation in India. Moni Guha was one of its founders. The association published "Socialist Albania". Some of the organisers of the association later started the periodical "Revolutionary Democracy". The organization continued to exist after the fall of socialist rule in Albania, and protested the 1997 military intervention in Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20479412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479412" title="Monument to the Dream">
Monument to the Dream

Monument to the Dream is a 1967 American short documentary film about the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial directed by Charles Guggenheim. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20479465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479465" title="Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!">
Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!

Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye! is a 2008 Indian film starring Abhay Deol, Neetu Chandra, Paresh Rawal, Manu Rishi, Richa Chadda, Manjot Singh and Archana Puran Singh. It was directed by Dibakar Banerjee. The film won the National Film Award for Best Popular Film. The film is inspired by the real life shenanigans of Devinder Singh alias Bunty, a real-life “super-chor”, originally from Vikaspuri, Delhi.
Story.
Inspired by the true story of Devinder Singh aka Bunty, an extremely charismatic and fearless confident man and thief who socialised with the rich, famous and influential of Delhi society and then proceeded to rob them blind. He was the bête noire of the police and had stolen millions by the time he was caught. A modern day Robin Hood with a twist, he robbed both the rich and the poor without prejudice. Nothing was too big nor was anything too insignificant to escape his attention. The film opens with his trial and charts his rise from the projects of crime ridden suburban Delhi to the very heart of the corridors of power. Along the way he makes lifelong friends, falls in love and manages to outwit the entire law and order machinery.
Arrested by Special Crime Branch Inspector Devender Singh, Lucky Singh reflects upon his life: his childhood, his father's second marriage, his siblings; his entry into crime and association with Gogi Arora; his romance with and subsequent marriage with the lovely Sonal; and his subsequent betrayal by his hanger-on and a business partner. Meanwhile the media speculates on how he got away with stealing 140 TV sets, 212 Video cassette recorders, 475 shirts, 90 music systems, 50 jewellery boxes, 2 dogs, and a greeting card – in a spree of burglaries that included households in Bangalore, Chandigarh, Mumbai, and other cities in India.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!" received positive critical acclaim. Raja Sen of Rediff gave the movie 4.5/5 stars, saying that "All I can say is – after very gratefully handing it four and a half stars, in case you asked – that this is a movie to love. And one that makes the audience feel just like the hero: really, really lucky." Naresh K. Deoshi of Apun Ka Choice gave the movie 3.5/5 stars, concluding that "Grab a ticket. If you're broke, steal it." Nikhat Kazmi of Times of India gave the movie 3.5/5 stars, commenting that ""Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!" works perfectly as a simple story of a young boy (Abhay Deol) who is driven to crime not because he is hungry, poor, starving." Syed Firdaus Ashraf of Rediff gave the movie 3/5 stars, concluding that "The film only fails in the music department, by Sneha Khanwalkar. The dhols and drums get too loud from time to time, and get very annoying. If you can overlook this minor discomfort, go for it!" Rajeev Masand of CNN-IBN gave the movie 3/5 stars, stating that "Watch it because it's a film that respects your intelligence. And films like that are hard to find." Sonia Chopra of Sify gave the movie 2.5/5 stars, saying that "Writer-director Dipankar Banerjee cannot live down the expectations Khosla Ka Ghosla brings with it. Banerjee does meet those expectations, however O"ye Lucky!" is a different product altogether. More than a beginning-middle-end story, "Oye Lucky!" is more a peek into Delhi's belly, into the characters' lives, and into complex bitter-sweet relationships." Martin D'Souza of Glamsham gave the movie 2.5/5 stars, concluding that "A film with a feel of the eighties, "OLLO" will identify well with the viewers from the North. But yes, if you want a quiet, funny outing to lighten your mood, watching "OLLO" is not a bad option." Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama gave the movie 2/5 stars, saying that "On the whole, "OYE LUCKY! LUCKY OYE!" is a well-executed enterprise, which has its share of limitations. At the box-office, the film caters to the Northern audience mainly – Delhi and Punjab specifically. Besides North, the plexes in Mumbai should fare slightly better."
Box office.
"Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!" was a below average grosser, grossing nett in its lifetime.

</doc>
<doc id="20479488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479488" title="See You at the Pillar">
See You at the Pillar

See You at the Pillar is a 1967 British short documentary film about Dublin combining contemporary footage, folk music and quotations from past residents such as George Bernard Shaw, Oscar Wilde and Brendan Behan. The film is narrated via a "conversation" between Anthony Quayle and Norman Rodway. Produced by Robert Fitchet, it was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20479513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479513" title="Antonio Pinilla">
Antonio Pinilla

Antonio Pinilla Miranda (born 25 February 1971) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a forward.
Best known for his stints with Tenerife and Gimnàstic – he began playing professionally for Barcelona, but had virtually no impact for its first team – he also served as general manager at the latter club, playing in more than 500 official matches for seven different clubs in exactly 20 years, 242 of those in La Liga over the course of 11 seasons (40 goals scored).
Club career.
Barcelona.
Born in Badalona, Barcelona, Catalonia, Pinilla was formed in the youth ranks of FC Barcelona. In 1989–90, a week before turning 19, Johan Cruyff gave him the chance to make his La Liga debuts, on 18 February 1990, in a match against Rayo Vallecano: he appeared 25 minutes in the 4–1 away win, having come on as a substitute for Julio Salinas.
The following season Barcelona won the league and Pinilla appeared in seven matches, scoring a decisive goal against Valencia CF. He also appeared in that campaign's UEFA Cup Winners' Cup final, subbing in for veteran José Ramón Alexanko in a 1–2 loss against Manchester United.
However, strong competition in the emerging "Dream Team" meant Pinilla had to leave "Barça" on loan, and he joined RCD Mallorca, scoring four goals in a season which ended in top flight relegation. The following season brought the player to top level newcomer Albacete Balompié, only missing two games as the Castile-La Mancha side retained its league status.
Tenerife / Nàstic.
The summer of 1993 Pinilla was finally released, signing for CD Tenerife where he remained seven seasons, helping the Canary Islands' side to the semifinals of the 1996–97 UEFA Cup. He previously entered the club's history books when scoring its first goal ever in European competition, against AJ Auxerre on 15 September 1993. The 1998–99 season brought with it relegation, and the player followed the side into the second division.
After one season with UD Salamanca, also in the second level, Pinilla joined Catalonia's Gimnàstic de Tarragona, freshly promoted into that category. His seven goals, however, proved insufficient to retain the side's status. In addition, a serious knee injury in the final months of the season forced him into the operating room, which led two a six-month period of inactivity, in turn prompting his release by the club.
After recovering on his own, Pinilla was re-taken by Gimnàstic in the 2003 winter transfer window: although he barely managed to make the team while it was in division three, he became a basic element in the team's return to the second division, adding five goals in the last ten days of the 2005–06 campaign as it achieved an historic return to the top level.
Pinilla served as club captain during Gimnàstic's short-lived spell in the first division, netting twice in 28 contests for the last-ranked team, against RCD Espanyol (4–0 at home) and against Athletic Bilbao (2–0, away).
On 11 September 2007, the club was proclaimed for the first time ever champion of the Catalonia Cup after a 2–1 defeat of Barcelona – Pinilla, who started the final, netted one of the "Grana". At the end of 2007–08, after helping "Nàstic" retain its second level status, he announced his retirement after having competed in 200 games overall with the club, promptly being named its general manager and leaving the post in early February 2010.
International career.
Pinilla never gained one full cap for Spain, but did represent the nation in various youth levels. Additionally, he was a member of the squad that won the gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics, appearing in two of six matches.
Pinilla also played seven matches with the unofficial Catalonia national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20479525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479525" title="While I Run This Race">
While I Run This Race

While I Run This Race is a 1967 American short documentary film directed by Edmond Levy about poverty in the United States. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20479540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479540" title="History of Pomerania (1945–present)">
History of Pomerania (1945–present)

History of Pomerania (1945–present) covers the History of Pomerania (, ) during World War II aftermath, the Communist and since 1989 Democratic era.
The name "Pomerania" comes from Slavic po more, which means Land at the Sea.
After the post-war border changes, the German population that had not yet fled was expelled. The area east of the Oder, known as Farther Pomerania (), and the Szczecin ("Stettin") area were resettled primarily with Poles. Some of the German cultural heritage was removed and some reconstructed. Most of Western Pomerania remained in East Germany and was later merged into Mecklenburg.
With the consolidation of Communism in East Germany and People's Republic of Poland, Pomerania became part of the communist Eastern Bloc. In the 1980s, the Solidarnosc movement in Poland that started in the city of Gdańsk and the Wende movement in East Germany forced the Communists out of power and led to the establishment of democracy in both the Polish and German parts of Pomerania.
Post World War II.
Soviet occupation.
Soviet occupation of Pomerania had started after the East Pomeranian Offensive and the northern campaigns of the Battle of Berlin had been accomplished successfully by the Red Army and First Polish Army in March and April 1945.
The Soviets installed an administration basically adopting the former German administrative structures. Every-day life was then regulated by Soviet decrees. Besides civilian administrative tasks, the local Soviet administration also was to secure the hinterlands of the frontline. German property was considered "post-German", and anything portable was transported to the Soviet Union. This included the items of the houses' interior like furniture, pianos, and carpets, as well as life stock and industrial devices.
The large and many of the smaller factories as well as the shipyards were deconstructed and transported to the Soviet Union.
Vast areas of Farther Pomerania were vacated as the ethnic German population had fled the advancing Red Army. This was primarily the case with the areas around the Netze (Noteć) and Oder rivers. For example, in the town of Arnswalde (now Choszczno) with a previous population of 14,000 only a few dozen German civilians remained. In other areas, a heterogeneous population remained, consisting of Pomeranians as well as stranded refugees from areas further east and evacuees from the industrial centers. For example, there were 330,000 Germans in the counties of Stolp, Schlawe, Köslin, and Belgard.
The ethnic German population was ordered to participate in the acquisition and transportation of Soviet war loot, and to live in assigned to them neighbourhoods of the towns. Some were also employed by the Soviet authorities in industry or its deconstruction, in agriculture, and in the clean-up of the wartime destruction, and were paid a low salary.
There were numerous examples of mistreatment of the ethnic German populations by the occupying Soviets including: manhunts, arrests and deportations for slave labor, holdups, forays, and often rapes.
Formation of Polish communist administration in Farther Pomerania.
First Polish communist officials arrived in Farther Pomerania in April 1945. The provisional government of Poland on March 14 had created the Polish administrative district of Pomerania, which included Farther Pomerania and the northern Neumark. This was based on a decision of the Soviet state council for defense in February to place some eastern territories of Germany under Polish administration, and a subsequent order of the military council of the First Belorussian Front in early March requiring a solely Polish civilian administration in the territories that were handed over and also required the Soviet military to assist in the Polish administration's establishment.
The Polish plenipotentiary for the new Pomeranian district since April 11 was colonel Leonard Borkowicz. Subordinate to Borkowicz were forty county assignees (starosts). Borkowicz and the starosts had a very limited knowledge of the area they were to govern, and were sent in only with an official attestation of their position, sketches of the counties, 500 Zloty, and alcohol to use as valuta. Their primary objective was the preparation of the area for Polish settlement.
The Polish officials were regarded no more than auxiliary personnel by the Soviet military administration, which was in charge of most of industry, bakeries, most of the farmland, and fishery. The Polish administrators concentrated on reinstating electricity, gas, and water supply and on stockpiling groceries for the expected Polish settlers. Conflicts arose when they tried to charge the Soviets for power, gas, or water. Also they failed to have the Soviet authorities inhibit the forays of Red Army soldiers and officers. Overall Soviet attitude toward the Polish administrators ranged from providing aid to neglect.
Deportations of Germans before the Potsdam Agreement.
In two weeks of June 1945, the Polish Army under the Soviet command deported 110,000 ethnic Germans from the areas adjacent to the eastern bank of the Oder river, and the counties of Stargard, Labes, Pyritz (Pyrzyce), and Arnswalde (now Choszczno), all in Farther Pomerania.
Many German civilians were deported to labor camps like Vorkuta in the Soviet Union, where a large number of them perished or were later reported missing.
Border shift and consequences.
In the Potsdam Agreement, the allies decided to move the Polish-German border west to the Oder-Neisse line. In case of Pomerania, the Free City of Danzig and most of the pre-war German province of Pomerania, including the city of Swinemünde (Swinoujscie), became Polish. In addition, a strip of land 20 km west of Stettin/Szczecin, and a small part of the Usedom island also became part of Poland in order to facilitate the growth of these cities. The remainder of Pomerania west of Stettin/Szczecin and the Oder River was joined with Mecklenburg and formed Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
In Potsdam, the border was defined as leaving the Oder river at a bridge some three kilometers west of Greifenhagen and from that point running north as a straight line to the church of Ahlbeck. On September 21, 1945, the Polish plenipotentiary Borkowicz and the Polish president of Szczecin, Piotr Zaremba, adjusted the border in the Treaty of Schwerin. The border now started at a point in the Bay of Pomerania 3 miles (5,5 kilometers) off the shore, from which it ran south through the Szczecin Lagoon and left Camminke on the East German and Papart on the Polish side.
In January 1951, the border was again adjusted. The potable water reservoir of Swinoujscie, which was on the German side since the Treaty of Schwerin, and the islands of the Oder River were assigned to Poland, and a small part of Usedom to East Germany. Also, the border within the Pomeranian Bay was extended to 6 miles.
Polish part of Pomerania - Szczecin Voivodship.
The Soviet Army kept proving grounds and naval bases in Pomerania; the areas were excluded from Polish jurisdiction until 1992. Russia used the area to store nuclear warheads. 
In the summer of 1945, the Soviets started to dissolve their administrative institutions in Pomerania. In 14 towns, the civilian administration was handed over to Polish officials.
In October, the counties of Stettin and Swinemünde were handed over to Polish administration. The areas on the Oder's left bank (Pölitz area) stayed under Soviet control until 1946. There, a provisional Soviet county was set up on order of marshal Zhukov, where 25,000 Germans had to completely deconstruct an industrial facility used to produce synthetic fuels. Also the Stettin port stayed directly under Soviet control, and was only handed over to Poland from February 1946 to September 1947, officially only in May 1954. The Oder waterway was handed over to Poland in September 1946. Farmland and estates were handed over until 1949 - in February 1946, half of the farmland was still Soviet property.
The Red Army started to increase the withdrawal of troops from the Polish part of Pomerania in the fall of 1945.
Polonization.
With its eastern territories (the Kresy) annexed by the Soviet Union, Poland was effectively moved westwards and its area reduced by almost 20% (from 389,000 km² to 312,000 km²). With the establishment of the People's Republic of Poland followed sweeping changes in population, a "repatriation" of millions that resulted in what Geoffrey Hosking describes as "the biggest population exchange in European history." Germans, Ukrainians and others who were not perceived as Polish were shuffled out of the new boundaries, while the Poles east of the Curzon line were shuffled in. The picture of the new western and northern territories being recovered Piast territory was used to forge Polish settlers and "repatriates" arriving there into a coherent community loyal to the new regime, and to justify the previous ethnic cleansing of the area.
Largely excepted from the expulsions of Germans were the "autochthons", close to three million ethnically Slavic inhabitants of Pomerania, the Kashubians and Slovincians, of whom however many did not identify with Polish nationality. The Polish government aimed to retain as many "autochthons" as possible for propaganda purposes, as their presence on former German soil was used to indicate the intrinsic "Polishness" of the area and justify its incorporation into the Polish state as "recovered" territories. "Verification" and "national rehabilitation" processes were set up to reveal a "dormant Polishness" and to determine which were redeemable as Polish citizens; few were actually expelled The "autochthons" not only disliked the subjective and often arbitrary verification process, but they also faced discrimination even after completing it, such as the Polonization of their names.
Treatment and expulsion of Germans after the Potsdam Agreement.
The remaining Germans were to be expelled from the now Polish areas of Pomerania. The major staging area from which the Germans were deployed to post-war Germany was the Stettin-Scheune railway station. The station became notorious due to the frequent raids by armed gangs, composed of German, Polish and Russian deserters, who raped and looted those who were leaving. Germans were either transported by ship from Stettin to Lübeck or sent in trains to the British occupation zone.
In one month-long period, lasting from November 20 to December 21, 1945, 290,000 Germans were expelled; a subsequent, lengthier movement from February 1946 to October 1947 saw the expulsion of 760,000 more. Germans deported in the latter period, which has been named "Jaskolka" (swallow), were prioritized in five groups according to the risks they were perceived to represent or the value they offered, with those termed "obstructive" the first to go.
According to Piskorski, expellees were often not even allowed to carry household articles with them, and the few items they managed to take along were often robbed on the way. Piskorski notes that the Germans who were not yet expelled were legally "considered troublesome foreigners, temporarily residing in Poland" and were both disallowed communication devices like telephones or radios and restricted in their movements.
According to Werner Buchholz, during the Soviet capture of Farther Pomerania and the subsequent expulsions of Germans until 1950, 498,000 people from the part of the province east of the Oder-Neisse line died, making up for 26,4% of the former population. Of the 498,000 dead, 375,000 were civilians, and 123,000 were Wehrmacht soldiers. Low estimates give a million expellees from the then Polish part of the province in 1945 and the following years. Only 7,100 km2 remained with East Germany, about a fourth of the province's size before 1938 and a fifth of the size thereafter.
In 1949, the refugees from West Prussia and the Province of Pomerania established the non-profit Landsmannschaft Westpreußen and Landsmannschaft Pommern, respectively, to represent West Prussians and Pomeranians in the Federal Republic of Germany.
Removal of German population and heritage.
The Recovered Territories after the assignment to Poland still hosted a substantial ethnic German population. This had to be changed quickly, as the territories' legal status was uncertain at the end of the war, and left room for different interpretations even after the Potsdam Agreement. The Polish administration set up a "Ministry for the Recovered Territories", headed by communist prime minister Władysław Gomułka. A "Bureau for Repatriation" was to supervise and organize the expulsions and resettlements.
The expulsion of the remaining Germans in the first post-war years presaged a broader campaign to remove the footprints of centuries of German history and culture. All German place names were replaced with Polish or Polonized medieval Slavic ones. If no Slavic name existed, then either the German name was translated or Polish assigned. The German language was banned, and many German monuments, graveyards, buildings etc. were demolished. Objects of art were moved to other parts of the country. Since Poles were predominately Roman Catholic most Protestant churches were converted into Catholic ones. Official communist propaganda spread all-round anti-German sentiment, which was shared by many of the opposition as well as many in the Catholic Church.
A Polish law of May 1945 declared German property "abandoned". Only a decision of March 1946 declared it "state property" and prohibited further removal by the public. Many institutions in Central Poland ordered art, furniture, machines, bureau equipment, cars and construction material from the regional authorities. Over years, bricks were sent to Warsaw.
Resettlement.
People from all over Poland moved in to replace the former German population in a process parallel to the expulsions. The settlers can be grouped according to their background:
Polish and Soviet newspapers and officials encouraged Poles to relocate to the west – "the land of opportunity". These new territories were described as a place where opulent villas abandoned by fleeing Germans. In fact, the areas were devastated by the war, most of the infrastructure largely destroyed, suffering high crime rates and looting by criminal gangs. It took years for civil order to be established.
The newly created society, first binational and multi-cultural, quickly became subject to homogenisation decreed by the state. This new Pomeranian society was tied to the Polish one, and failed to develop a local or regional identity.
Demography.
In the fall of 1945, 230,000 Poles had settled in the Szczecin Voivodship, and more than 400,000 Germans remained.
In the spring of 1946, Polish and German population were about equal in number.
By the end of 1947, 900,000 Poles and 59,000 Germans lived in the Szczecin Voivodship.
German part of Pomerania.
In May 1945, the armies of the Soviet Union and the western allies met east of Schwerin. Following the Potsdam Agreement, the western allies handed over the western part of Mecklenburg to the Soviets. Mecklenburg-Vorpommern was established on July 9, 1945, per order Nr. 5 of Red Army marshal Zhukov, head of the Soviet administration (SMAD), as the "Province of Mecklenburg and West Pomerania (sapadnoi Pomeranii)".
The post-war period was characterized by the extreme difficulties arising from the need of housing and feeding the occupation forces as well as the refugees, while simultaneously state and private property was carried to the Soviet Union.
Furthermore, many of the towns had suffered severe war damages.
Demographical changes.
During and after the war, the make-up of Mecklenburg and Vorpommern's population changed due to wartime losses and the influx of evacuees (mainly from the Berlin and Hamburg metropolitan areas that were subject to air raids) and people who fled and were expelled from the former eastern territories of Germany east of the Oder-Neisse line, which became the eastern border of Mecklenburg Vorpommern. After the war, the population had doubled with more than 40% of the population being refugees.
Before the war, Mecklenburg and Western Pomerania had a population of 1,278,700, of whom many perished during the war and another share moved west in the course of the Red Army's advance. In October 1945, the authorities counted 820,000 refugees in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, of whom a number of 30,000 and 40,000 moved about without destination.
Before the war, the about 7,100 km² of Vorpommern that would remain German were inhabited by about half a million people. After the war, 85,000 of these were either dead, had fled or were imprisoned. In 1946, the influx of 305,000 refugees raised the population to 719,000.
In 1946, the refugees in Vorpommern made up for 42,4% of the population. In the Stralsund and Grimmen counties, half of the population were refugees. The towns of Stralsund and Greifswald had the lowest rates of refugees.
More than half of the refugees in Vorpommern were expellees from the former eastern parts of the Province of Pomerania, the other ones were from any other former eastern territory.
In 1947, some 1,426,000 refugees were counted in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, 1 million of which was from post-war Poland. Most of them were settled in rural communities, but also the towns' population increased, most notably in Schwerin from 65,000 (1939) to 99,518 (January 1947), in Wismar from 29,463 to 44,173, and in Greifswald from 29,488 to 43,897.
In 1949, out of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern's population of 2,126,000, refugees accounted for 922,088. Yet, many people - both refugees and pre-war locals - moved towards the western allies' occupation zones, causing the number of inhabitants to decrease within the following decades.
Land reform.
Following the land reform of 1945/46, all farms larger than 100 ha were seized by the administration. Two thirds of the seized farms, making up for 54% of the overall seized farmland, were distributed among the refugees, who had become the majority in many rural communities. The remaining large farms not distributed among the population were run by the administration as so-called "People-owned farm" ("Volkseigenes Gut, VEG").
After the reform, one out of two refugees was assigned to an own small farm.
The new partitions of land were usually of a size of five hectares.
Administration.
On June 5, 1946, a law enacted by the Soviets led to the constitution of a provisional German administration ("Beratende Versammlung") under Soviet supervision on June 29, 1946. After the unfree elections of October 20, 1946, a "Landtag" replaced the "Beratende Versammlung" and worked out the constitution of January 16, 1947, for the "Land Mecklenburg-Vorpommern".
On March 1, 1947, the state's name was shortened to "Land Mecklenburg" following a Soviet order. Earlier attempts by local politicians like Otto Kortüm, mayor of Stralsund, to have the Pomeranian part of the new state organized in a separate administrative subdivision such as "Regierungsbezirk Stralsund, or to have a representative of the state's administration in Greifswald had all failed."
Parties.
In April 1946,the social-democratic party (SPD) party was forced by the communists and the SMAD (Soviet administration) to merge with the communist party (KPD), resulting in the creation of the SED, which in the following years would act on Moscow's behalf.
Communist era.
Polish part of Pomerania.
The situation changed for the worse in 1948, when all countries of the Eastern Bloc had to adopt Soviet economic principles. Private shops were banned and most farmers were forced to join agricultural cooperatives, managed by local communists.
In 1953 Poland was forced to accept the end of war reparations, which previously were solely placed on East Germany, while West Germany enjoyed the benefits of the Marshall Plan. In 1956 Poland was on the verge of a Soviet invasion, but the crisis was solved and the Polish government's communism developed a more human face with Władysław Gomułka as the head of politburo. Poland developed the ports of Pomerania and restored the destroyed shipyards of Gdańsk, Gdynia and Szczecin.
These were organised as two harbour complexes: one of Szczecin port with Swinoujscie avanport and the other was Gdańsk-Gdynia set of ports. Gdańsk and Gdynia, along with the spa of Sopot located between them, became one metropolitan area called Tricity and populated by more than 1,000,000 inhabitants.
In 1970, after putting an end to the uncertain border issue with West Germany under Willy Brandt, the massive unrest in the coastal cities marked the end of Władysław Gomułka's rule. The new leader, Edward Gierek, wanted to modernize the country by the wide use of western credits. Although the policy failed, Poland became one of the main world players in the shipyard industry. Polish open sea fishing scientists discovered new species of fish for the fishing industry. Unfortunately, countries with direct access to the open seas declared 200 mile (370 km) economic zones that finally put the end to the Polish fishing industry. Shipyards also came under growing pressure from the subsidized Japanese and Korean enterprises.
During 1970, Poland built also the Northern Harbour in rebuilt Gdańsk, which allowed the country independent access to oil from OPEC countries. The new oil refinery had been built in Gdańsk, and an oil pipeline connected both with main Polish pipeline in Płock.
The West Pomeranian Voivodeship's rural countryside from 1945 until 1989 remained underdeveloped and often neglected, as the pre-1945 German structures of Prussian-style nobility leading and steering agricultural cultivation had been destroyed by expulsion and communism.
Reorganisation of Catholic Church in Polish Pomerania.
According to the "Prussian Concordat" of 1929 Pope Pius XI assigned all of then German Pomerania either to the new Catholic Diocese of Berlin (est. on 13 August 1930) or to the new "Territorial Prelature of Schneidemühl" (), also comprising the Pomeranian districts of Bütow and Lauenburg in Pommern. Diocese and prelature became part of the new "East German Ecclesiastical Province" as suffragans of the prior exempt Diocese of Breslau simultaneously elevated to archdiocese.
After World War II Berlin's diocesan territory east of the Oder-Neiße line (East Brandenburg and central and Farther Pomerania) - with 33 parishes and chapels of ease - came under Polish control. Most of the Catholic parishioners and priests there had either fled the invading Soviet Red Army or were subsequently expelled by Polish authorities.
Cardinal August Hlond demanded the diocesan territory east of the new border for the creation of new Catholic dioceses, he appointed a diocesan administrator for Berlin's eastern diocesan territory seated in Gorzów Wielkopolski (Landsberg an der Warthe). Pope Pius XII refused to acknowledge these claims. But most of the churches and ecclesiastical premises of the Pomerania ecclesiastical province of the Evangelical Church of the old-Prussian Union within now Polish Pomerania were taken by newly established Catholic congregations, since Poles colonising the 'ethnically cleansed' areas were predominately Roman Catholic.
In 1951, when the Holy See - similar to West Germany - still asserted that Farther Pomerania would be returned to Germany at a near date, the Pope appointed Teodor Bensch (1903–1958), titular bishop of Tabuda, as auxiliary bishop responsible for the Polish part of the diocese of Berlin and the Prelature of Schneidemühl. His office was titled "Apostolic Administration of Cammin, Lebus and the Prelature of Schneidemühl" (). This name referred to the prelature and Catholic bishoprics such as Cammin and Lebus, which existed prior the Protestant Reformation.
On 27 June 1972, however, - in response to West Germany's change in Ostpolitik and the Treaty of Warsaw - Pope Paul VI redrew the diocesan boundaries along the post-war political borders. The Apostolic constitution "Episcoporum Poloniae coetus" disentangled the Polish Pomeranian diocesan area of Berlin, becoming the new westerly Diocese of Szczecin-Kamień and the easterly Diocese of Koszalin-Kołobrzeg).
East German part of Pomerania.
The part of Pomerania west of the Oder Neisse line was attached to Mecklenburg by a SMAD order of 1946 to form the Land of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. This Land was renamed "Mecklenburg" in 1947, became a constituent state of the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) in 1949 and was dissolved by the GDR government in 1952, when the East Berlin government abandoned "states" in favour of districts (German: "Bezirke"). The area of Western Pomerania was split into the eastern Kreis districts of the newly established "Bezirk" administrative GDR subdivisions "Bezirk Rostock" and "Bezirk Neubrandenburg", Gartz (Oder) joined "Bezirk Frankfurt (Oder)". The administrative changes also made the historical border between Mecklenburg and Pomerania vanish from the maps.
The Pomeranian counties had already undergone changes in 1950: Randow county, recreated in 1945, was dissolved, the southern parts with Gartz (Oder) joined Brandenburg. Thus, Western Pomerania lost the last link with the Oder river, the historical eastern border. Ueckermünde county was renamed Pasewalk county and 22 Brandenburgian communities were merged in. The Pomeranian town Damgarten was fused with the Mecklenburgian town Ribnitz to Ribnitz-Damgarten, thus Western Pomerania's historical western border (Recknitz river, flowing between Ribnitz and Damgarten) vanished from the administrative maps.
In 1952, another county reform made other parts of the historical Mecklenburgian and Pomeranian frontier vanish from the maps. The name "Pomerania" was now only used by the Pomeranian Evangelical Church, which had to change this name in "Evangelical Church Greifswald" in 1968.
Throughout the 1950s, small farms including those created in the previous land reform were forced to group to Socialist-style LPG units. In 1986, 90 LPGs ran close to 90% of the farmland, in addition there were the state estates (VEG, "Volkseigenes Gut"). An LPG had an average size of 4,700, a VEG 5,000 hectares. Agriculture was characterized by huge fields up to a hundred hectares, the use of large machines and an industrial way to work. Fertilizer was in many cases applied by planes.
In Aktion Rose, private property of housing was turned over to the state. From this stock, various state organizations ran the GDR's seaside resort, serving 75% of the East German Baltic coast tourists.
The East German policy of industrialization led to the establishment of a nuclear power plant in Lubmin near Greifswald, the Stralsund Volkswerft shipyard, and the Sassnitz ferry terminal directly linking Western Pomerania to the Soviet Union via Klaipeda. The Volkswerft was the main industry of Western Pomerania with 8,000 employees. One third of the Soviet fish trawlers were built in Stralsund. Another shipyard set up during the Communist era was the Peenewerft in Wolgast, where East German navy ships were built. In Greifswald, industry constructing electronic supplies for the shipyards was settled, employing 4,000 people.
Democratic era.
Polish part of Pomerania.
In 1980, Polish Pomeranian coastal cities, notably Gdańsk, became the place of birth for the anticommunist movement, Solidarity. Gdańsk become the capital for the Solidarity trade union. In 1989 it was found that the border treaty with the Communist German Democratic Republic had one mistake, concerning the naval border. Subsequently, a new treaty was signed.
German part of Pomerania.
In October 1990, after the GDR regime was overthrown by the peaceful Wende revolution of 1989, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern was reconstituted and joined the Federal Republic of Germany, with Vorpommern being a constituent region of the Bundesland with a special status, but not an administrative one. Since then, the region suffers from a population drain as mostly young people migrate to the West due to high unemployment rates.
Pomerania euroregion.
The Pomerania euroregion was set up in 1995 as one of the euroregions, thought to connect regions divided between states of the European Union. The name EUROREGION POMERANIA is taken from the region of Pomerania, yet the euroregion is of a different shape than the historical region. It comprises German Western Pomerania and Uckermark, Polish Zachodniopomorskie, and Scania in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20479551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479551" title="Ommanney Bay">
Ommanney Bay

Ommanney Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located in Parry Channel and is a large inlet on the west side of Prince of Wales Island. It was named after the Victorian Arctic explorer and Royal Navy officer Sir Erasmus Ommanney.
Geography.
Smith Bay and Scott Bay are eastern arms of Ommanney Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20479571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479571" title="Rudolf Koppitz">
Rudolf Koppitz

Rudolf Koppitz (4 January 1884 – 8 July 1936), often credited as Viennese or Austrian, was a Photo-Secessionist whose work is seen as maintaining the photographic style of pictorialism well past its heyday in light of the straight photography and modernist movements in photography at that time and was one of the leading representatives of art photography in Vienna between the world wars. Koppitz is best known for his works of the human figure including his iconic "Bewegungsstudie", "Motion Study" and his use of the nude in natural settings.
Biography.
Rudolf Koppitz was born into a rural Protestant family in Schreiberseifen, a village close to the town of Freudenthal, in the Duchy of Upper and Lower Silesia (what is today Skrbovice near Bruntál in the Czech Republic). Koppitz began training for his career as a photographer in 1897 under Robert Rotter from Bruntál. Koppitz later continued his work in small commercial studios as a contract photographer but in 1912, he left professional life to go back to school to continue his studies at the Graphische Lehr- und Versuchsanstalt, "Institute for Teaching and Research in Graphic Arts" in Vienna, Austria.
His time at the Institute was interrupted by the First World War in which Koppitz found himself putting his talents to use as an aerial reconnaissance photographer. The bulk of his the body of work produced during this time consisted of landscapes captured during his areal reconnaissance work, his favorite of which was the study of water from the air and the geometric elements of flying machines that carried him into war. When Koppitz was not photographing for the Army he spent his time documenting the lives of soldiers and the communities of people he came into contact with. Photographs from this period are laden with dramatic sentiments due to Koppitz's use of light, the sun, clouds and mist to express the emotions of the people and the time.
After the war, Koppitz returned to the Institute to teach photography where in 1923 he took the nude self-portrait, "In the Bosom of Nature", in which he framed himself by tree trunks, rocks, snowy mountains, and is posed to convey a dreamlike harmony reminiscent of a symbolist painting and graphic art. In c. 1925 Koppitz created his masterpiece, "Bewegungsstudie", "Motion Study" in which he photographed dancers from the Vienna State Opera; the nude dancer, credited to be the Russian Claudia Issatschenko but is more likely, her daughter,
ballet dancer and choreographer, Tatyana Issatschenko Gsovsky, with her head thrown dramatically back and flanked by three dark-robed women, lends "Bewegungsstudie" to the highly decorative and symbolist tradition of the Viennese Jugendstil.
Work.
Koppitz's work is marked by a pronounced awareness of form, line, and the surface play of light and shadow. Early in his career, Koppitz was known for staging groups of subjects in the style of the Vienna Secession, the most well known example of this being his "Bewegungsstudie", "Motion Study".
"Bewegungsstudie's" languid nude, elaborately robed women and undeniable sensuality, in the context of its rigorous and artistic composition, bring to mind the sexual morbidity of Viennese artists like Gustav Klimt and Alphonse Mucha, as well as the Swiss symbolist painter Ferdinand Hodler and has made it as unforgettable then as it is today. It has become the Koppitz's signature image, and was also his best-seller. Prints of the image were purchased by, among others, the Toledo Museum of Art; the New York Camera Club notable Joseph Bing, head of that club's print committee; and the Englishman Stephen Tyng, who published it in a small portfolio of works from his collection.
His earliest works show evidence of influence by Gustav Klimt, Japanese art, Art Nouveau and Constructivism. During the First World War, Koppitz's photographs took on a documentary quality when his photographs became more simple and direct in their subject matter and composition. Koppitz's work came of age during the inter-war period when most of Austria's photographers were supporters of art photography. Photographs from that time are full of symbolic meanings often capturing nude and clothed dancers as well as liberal use of the both male, many of which were of Koppitz himself and female nudes placed in elements of nature and posed to give the impression of a Greek or Roman statue.
Although he did not possess a consistent style, Koppitz was a virtuoso of the dark room, seemingly determined to make the photograph as much of an art object as possible. His beautifully grainy, subtly tinted images align him with American Pictorialists like Edward Steichen and Clarence Smith. Koppitz's work, much of it using the gum bichromate process, reflected his links with modern artists such as Gustav Klimt and Egon Schiele, and their involvement with the 'life reform' movement including; nudism, sun culture, and expressive dance popular in Central Europe from the early 1900s as well as agrarian romanticism. Koppitz's extraordinary mastery of pictorial processes—pigment, carbon, gum, and bromoil process of transfer printing—gained the respect of his colleagues throughout the world and garnered mention in the Encyclopædia Britannica of 1929.
Over the course of 30 years of work, Koppitz's photography came full circle returning in his later years to where he started, working with a renewed focus on nature and documenting the lives and condition of rural peasants. Koppitz is perceived by some as a progressive modern artist while on the other hand he was one of the more conservative photographers in his time, holding true to a number of traditions and always telling a story with his photographs.

</doc>
<doc id="20479578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479578" title="Robert Sherrod">
Robert Sherrod

Robert Lee Sherrod (February 8, 1909 – February 13, 1994) was an American journalist, editor and author. He was a war correspondent for "Time" and "Life" magazines, covering combat from World War II to the Vietnam War. During World War II, embedded with the United States Marine Corps, he covered the battles at Attu, Tarawa, Saipan, Iwo Jima, and Okinawa. He also authored five books on World War II, including "Tarawa: The Story of a Battle" (1944) and the definitive "History of Marine Corps Aviation in World War II" (1952). He was an editor of "Time" during World War II and later editor of "The Saturday Evening Post", then vice-president of Curtis Publishing Company.
Early years and family.
Robert Lee Sherrod was born on February 8, 1909 in Thomas County, Georgia. He graduated from The University of Georgia in 1929. He was married three times — to Elizabeth Hudson from 1936 until her death in 1958; to Margaret Carson, the prominent American publicist, from 1961 until 1972; and to Mary Gay Labrot Leonhardt from 1972 until her death in 1978. He had two sons, John and Robert L. Jr.
Journalism career.
After Sherrod's college graduation, he worked for newspapers in the South until 1935, when he joined Time, Inc.
During World War II, Sherrod covered the Pacific War for "TIME" and "LIFE" magazines — accompanying the Marines into battle at Attu, Tarawa, Saipan, Iwo Jima, and Okinawa. After witnessing the carnage at Tarawa, Sherrod was instrumental in advising President Roosevelt to air the controversial documentary With the Marines at Tarawa. Sherrod was the only man present at Tarawa that the President knew personally and could trust to advise him on this matter from the point of view of the soldiers on the ground. 
In 1943, the Tarawa atoll of the Gilbert Islands was occupied by the Japanese. Sherrod accompanied the U.S. Marines from their landing on the shores until the battle was over. His book on the battle, "Tarawa: The Story of a Battle", was published 1944, at which time he was an associate editor of "TIME". 
Sherrod was also with the Marines during the invasion of Iwo Jima. He wrote,"at the end of a fortnight's bloody fighting there is no longer any doubt that Iwo is the most difficult amphibious operation in U.S. history."
He later wrote the book "On to Westward: The Battles of Saipan and Iwo Jima" about his experiences on Saipan and Iwo Jima. Unfortunately, Sherrod also admitted to being responsible for spreading the rumor that Joe Rosenthal's famous photograph of the Marines' second flag raising on Mount Suribachi was "staged"; he later confessed that he was wrong and apologized.[http://www.ap.org/pages/about/pulitzer/rosenthal.html]
He was later a war correspondent in Korea and in Vietnam.
Sherrod was the managing editor for the "Saturday Evening Post" from 1955 to 1962, then editor from 1962 to 1965. He was vice president of the "Post"'s parent company, Curtis Publishing Company, from 1965 to 1966.
Death.
Sherrod died in his home in Washington, D.C. from emphysema on February 13, 1994.
Works.
In addition to his work as a war correspondent and editor, Sherrod authored five books on the military, including:
He also worked with NASA on a book about the Apollo missions:
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="20479580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479580" title="Buenaventura Marcó del Pont">
Buenaventura Marcó del Pont

Buenaventura Marcó del Pont y Bory (1738–1818) was a Catalonian businessman, and founder of the family of the same name. 
He was born in Calella de Palafrugell, Gerona in Spain. Early in his life, he relocated to Vigo, in Galicia, where he lived since at least 1750, and where he soon became one of its most important businessmen by building a new salting installation for the processing and distribution of fish to his native land. The good result of his business attracted some other catalonian families to the area, such as the Buch, the Curbera, the Escofet or the Fábregas. 
As one of the most important ship-owners in Spain, he obtained from King Charles III of Spain in 1773, the first concessions to allow trading between the port of Vigo and the new world. In 1779 he obtained permission to attack the British naval commerce and that of its allies such as portugueses, during the American Revolutionary War. The good fortune of his ships made him a fortune in such articles as salt, oil, leather and cloth among others. In 1817, as a "regidor" of Vigo, he ordered the reconstruction of the Concatedral de Santa María de Vigo, which had been destroyed during the Peninsular War. He personally donated the statue of the Cristo de la Victoria, which is still the most important religious icon of the city.
Marcó del Pont married Juana Ángel Díaz y Méndez, with whom he had four sons. Two of them became very famous during their lifetime: Francisco Casimiro was the last Royal Governor of Chile and Buenaventura Miguel represented his father's company in Buenos Aires, and his family became one of the most important and wealthy of the Argentine republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20479601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479601" title="The House That Ananda Built">
The House That Ananda Built

The House That Ananda Built is a 1968 Indian short documentary film directed by Fali Bilimoria. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20479616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479616" title="Robert Caux">
Robert Caux

Robert Caux is a musician, composer, sound designer and sound engineer based in Quebec City.
After studying baroque organ at Laval University, he became very well known on Quebec City's theatre scene by composing the soundtrack of an impressive number of plays.
He was closely associated with Robert Lepage for many years, as he composed the music from his plays "Needles and Opium", "The Dragons' Trilogy" and "Elsinore", for which he won 1995's "Masque" (Quebec's equivalent of a Tony Award) for original music.
He also composed the music of Lepage's second feature film, "Le Polygraphe".
He's currently the head sound technician at Le Grand Théâtre de Québec, Quebec City.

</doc>
<doc id="20479640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479640" title="Hartberg (river)">
Hartberg (river)

The Hartberg River is a small tributary of the Inn River in Upper Austria and originates in the "Senftenbach" Area. It flows from South to North to the Inn River and merges with it 2 km east of Obernberg am Inn. The water has a grade between A and B.

</doc>
<doc id="20479642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479642" title="The Revolving Door">
The Revolving Door

The Revolving Door is a 1968 short documentary film directed by Lee R. Bobker and produced by Vision Associates. The 28.5 minute film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20479662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479662" title="A Space to Grow">
A Space to Grow

A Space to Grow is a 1968 American short documentary film produced by Thomas P. Kelly Jr.. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20479678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479678" title="Tony Caso">
Tony Caso

Tony Caso (Anthony Caso) is an American 1980s pop/dance music recording artist and, later, actor.
Career.
Tony Caso began recording in the early 1980s, as "Tony Caso and Salvation". His first single, "I Want To Dance With You" (1981), was issued on Lam Records. A second single, 'Hot Blooded Woman', was also issued in 1981.citation required
Tony joined the Bobby O label in New York, recording in "One Two Three" and "Waterfont Home". He had a number of singles throughout the 1980s:
All The Love In My Heart - 1983 (O Records)
Take A Chance (On Me) - 1984 (O Records)
Dancing in Heaven - 1985 (Memo Records)
Desperate & Dangerous - 1987 (Eurobeat Records)
Love Attack - 1987 (Eurobeat Records)
Run To Me - 1987 (Eurobeat Records)
In the mid 1980s Caso began moving from recording to acting. He has appeared in numerous commercials, television shows and movies including the Sopranos and Goodfellas.

</doc>
<doc id="20479680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479680" title="Soviet–Albanian Friendship Society">
Soviet–Albanian Friendship Society

The Soviet–Albanian Friendship Society (Albanian: "Shoqëria e miqësisë Shqipëri-Bashkimi Sovjetik", Russian: "Общество советско-албанской дружбы") was an organization established in 1945 to facilitate cultural cooperation between the Soviet Union and Albania. From its founding until the Soviet-Yugoslav split in 1948 it had only limited influence in the country due to Yugoslavia's control over Albania's foreign policy. After the split the Society played an important role in promoting Soviet culture and norms in Albania through establishing courses for teaching Albanians the Russian language, introducing Soviet methods of work in industry and other fields, providing lectures, artistic performances and the distribution of Soviet materials and books in the Albanian language.
In August 1950 it had a membership of 50,000, which was raised to 154,000 by the next year. Tuk Jakova was President of the Society, succeeded by Bedri Spahiu in June 1951 who was in turn succeeded by Hysni Kapo on August 15, 1955. The Society became inactive on the Albanian side as a result of the Soviet–Albanian split, but in the Soviet Union itself it was gradually made more active in the 1980s as the Soviet Government sought to reestablish diplomatic relations with Albania, which was achieved in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20479691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479691" title="NH 77">
NH 77

NH 77 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20479694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479694" title="A Way Out of the Wilderness">
A Way Out of the Wilderness

A Way Out of the Wilderness is a 1968 American short documentary film produced by Dan E. Weisburd. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20479715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479715" title="Battle of Vyborg Bay">
Battle of Vyborg Bay

Battle of Vyborg Bay can refer to three battles:

</doc>
<doc id="20479730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479730" title="Norwegian Institute for Social Research">
Norwegian Institute for Social Research

The Norwegian Institute for Social Research (, IFS) is a social science research institute based in Oslo, Norway.
It was founded in 1950 by Vilhelm Aubert, Arne Næss, Eirik Rinde, and Stein Rokkan. It cooperates closely with the University of Oslo and the Research Council of Norway, but is a contract-based research institute. It publishes the journal "Tidsskrift for samfunnsforskning".
The institute is divided into five research fields, each with its own research director. They are Bernt Aardal (Political institutions, voting and public opinion), Erling Barth (Employment and working conditions), Mari Teigen (Gender and society), Bernard Enjolras (Civil society in transition) and Hilde Lidén (International migration, integration and ethnic relations). In total, the institute employs 52 researchers. Its board of directors consists of Anne Kari Lande Hasle, Aanund Hylland, Dag Album, Eivind Smith, Terje Hauger, Pål Schøne and Ragnhild Steen Jensen.

</doc>
<doc id="20479761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479761" title="Jon Hustad">
Jon Hustad

Jon Ottar Hustad (born 25 March 1968) is a Norwegian journalist, writer and lector in history.
Hustad was born in Bondalen, Hjørundfjord, Ørsta. He currently (2009) works in "Dag og Tid". He worked for "Klassekampen" from 2002 to 2003 and 2004 to 2007, and "Morgenbladet" from 2003 to 2004. His non-fiction books include "Skolen som forsvann" (2002), "Hjørundfjorden" (2005) and "Varsleren" (2006). He has a cand.philol. degree from 1997.
Since the introduction of social media in the late 2000s, Hustad has by "Klassekampen" been cited as among the leading and most active players of a suggested Norwegian "New right", which include several notable persons from media, publishing and culture, that discuss issues such as immigration, Islam, Israel and multiculturalism.
Bibliography.
Hustad has written several non-fiction books:

</doc>
<doc id="20479765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479765" title="National Highway 77 (India)">
National Highway 77 (India)

National Highway 77 is a National Highway of India entirely within the state of Bihar that links Hajipur to Sonbarsa near India-Nepal border, and is long.
See also.
The National Highway has very important from commercial Point view as it connects North Bihar with South Bihar. It also important because it directly connects south Bihar with the International Border of Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="20479773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479773" title="1998 Monte Carlo Open – Singles">
1998 Monte Carlo Open – Singles

Marcelo Ríos was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Carlos Moyà won the title, defeating Cédric Pioline 6–3, 6–0, 7–5 in the final.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20479777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479777" title="Gößnitzkopf">
Gößnitzkopf

Gößnitzkopf is a mountain in the Schober Group of the Hohe Tauern range. It is located in Austria, along the border of East Tyrol and Carinthia. The elevation at its peak is .
The nearest municipalities are Nußdorf-Debant, Tyrol to the west and Heiligenblut, Carinthia to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="20479779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479779" title="Ellen Seip">
Ellen Seip

Ellen Seip (born 17 October 1949) is a Norwegian civil servant.
She graduated from the University of Oslo as cand.sociol. in 1976. She worked for Oslo municipality from 1977 to 1980, and was then hired by the Ministry of Social Affairs. She was promoted to assistant secretary in 1987, deputy under-secretary of State in 1999 and permanent under-secretary of State in 2001. The ministry was later renamed into the Ministry of Labour and Social Inclusion.
Seip was a member of the board of the INAS from 1990 to 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20479781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479781" title="Abdul Rehman (footballer)">
Abdul Rehman (footballer)

Abdul Rehman (born on 7 August 1982) is a Pakistani footballer, who plays for KPT FC. He is also a member of Pakistan national football team.
Rehman made an appearance for the Pakistan national football team in the qualifying rounds of the 2008 AFC Challenge Cup, entering as a substitute and scoring a goal against Guam on 6 April 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20479794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479794" title="I Love Italy">
I Love Italy

I Love Italy ("Io amo l'Italia", ALI), originally Protagonists for Christian Europe ("Protagonisti per l'Europa Cristiana"), is a Christian-democratic political party in Italy.
The party was founded on 30 November 2008 by Egyptian-born journalist Magdi Allam, who is a Catholic convert from Islam. According to Allam, ALI is a secular party supporting the Abrahamic roots of Europe and that is why the party is open also to Muslims who acknowledge these roots, which are synthesized in the three slogans of the party: "Truth and Freedom", "Faith and Reason", "Values and Rules". The party participated in the 2009 European Parliament election in list with the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats (UDC), representing the internal right-wing of the Union of the Centre (UdC), and Allam was elected MEP.
The party is socially conservative and, in its program, supports: human rights, a pro-life stance, freedom and in particular religious freedom, the centrality of the family, democracy, economic liberalism, solidarity, subsidiarity, meritocracy and stewardship.
In late 2011 ALI was joined by two regional splinter groups of Lega Nord, who became associate parties: the Community Democratic League in Veneto and Tuscan Identity in Tuscany. At the same time, Magdi Allam left the Group of the European People's Party (EPP) and joined Lega Nord's group, Europe of Freedom and Democracy (EFD). Behind this decision, there were Allam's opposition to abortion and to the membership of the Turkish Justice and Development Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20479801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479801" title="Prelude/Angry Young Man">
Prelude/Angry Young Man

"Prelude/Angry Young Man" is a song written by Billy Joel which appeared as the sixth song on the album "Turnstiles" in 1976. Live versions have been released as the second track of "KOHЦEPT", the 11th track of the first disc of ', and the opening track on the first disc of "12 Gardens Live" and '. It is also included in the Broadway show "Movin' Out". 
The instrumental "Prelude" lasts roughly a minute and 45 seconds, starting with a rapid-fire hammered piano riff on the middle-C piano key, joined by various instruments, swinging through styles such an Aaron Copland-styled ballad to funk to a Southwestern beat. To this day, Joel plays the fast-paced prelude himself, but early on he moved the song to the very beginning of the setlist, largely because the prelude section was easiest to manage during the adrenaline moments of starting a show, as opposed to being attempted after he'd already expended much of his energy for other songs.
It is then followed by "Angry Young Man", which paints a slightly sardonic picture of youthful, militant rebellion that is unflagging, trying to fight life's ills despite constant failure ("He refuses to bend, he refuses to crawl / And he's always at home with his back to the wall / And he's proud of his scars and the battles he's lost / And he struggles and bleeds as he hangs on his cross / And he likes to be known as the angry young man") The song contrasts the angry youth with the protagonist's mature, world-weary outlook, which could possibly be seen as either be the same angry young man when he is older or somebody who was once felt as the angry young man currently does ("I believe I've passed the age of consciousness and righteous rage / I found that just surviving was a noble fight / I once believed in causes too / I had my pointless point of view / And life went on no matter who was wrong or right".)
Despite never having been released as a single, "Prelude/Angry Young Man" has become a popular song among fans as well as a staple of live shows. "Prelude" was used as an opening theme for the German TV talk show "Live" (1988-1996); and also used as theme song for Grampian Television's summertime news magazine programme "Summer at Six" in the early 80's. It has also been frequently used during stoppages of play at New York Knicks home games in Madison Square Garden.
"Rock Band" Music Gaming Platform.
It was made available to download on March 22, 2011 for use in the "Rock Band 3" music gaming platform in both Basic rhythm, and PRO mode which utilizes real guitar / bass guitar, and MIDI compatible electronic drum kits / keyboards in addition to vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="20479818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479818" title="Augusta metropolitan area">
Augusta metropolitan area

The Augusta metropolitan area is a metropolitan area in the U.S. states of Georgia and South Carolina centered on the principal city of Augusta. The U.S. Office of Management and Budget, Census Bureau and other agencies define Augusta's Metropolitan Statistical Area, the Augusta-Richmond County, GA-SC Metropolitan Statistical Area, as comprising Richmond, Burke, Columbia, and McDuffie Counties in Georgia and Aiken and Edgefield in South Carolina. As of the 2010 Census, the area had a population of 556,877, though a 2012 estimate of it was at 575,898.
Counties.
Six counties are included in the Augusta-Richmond County MSA:
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 499,684 people, 184,801 households, and 132,165 families residing within the MSA. The racial makeup of the MSA was 60.81% White, 35.09% African American, 0.32% Native American, 1.42% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 0.85% from other races, and 1.43% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.40% of the population.
The median income for a household in the MSA was $36,933, and the median income for a family was $42,869. Males had a median income of $34,574 versus $22,791 for females. The per capita income for the MSA was $17,652.

</doc>
<doc id="20479838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479838" title="Danny Martinez">
Danny Martinez

Danny Martinez (born June 14, 1985) is an American mixed martial artist. He has competed in the WEC, TPF, TKO, XFC and Rage in the Cage promotions. In the latter, he is the current bantamweight champion.
Mixed martial arts career.
Early career.
Martinez went to Pima Community College with (future) fellow MMA fighters Jamie Varner, Jesse Forbes, Efrain Escudero, and Drew Fickett. They were the ones who got him into the sport. In November 2008 he told MMAWeekly Radio that he felt there was not much for college wrestlers to do after he left college, which is what got him following up advice from friends to get into MMA.
His first fight was in July 2006, where he beat Greg Saenz by split decision in Rage in the Cage 84. His December 2007 TKO debut ended in a loss to Mark "The Machine" Hominick.
Martinez made his WEC debut at WEC 37 event, against Joseph Benavidez. Martinez commented on this fight that he has anticipated long to enter the WEC because he considers this to be a promotion that gives good treatment to lightweight classes. Unfortunately, Martinez never fought for the WEC again following the loss to Benavidez. He eventually dropped down to Flyweight (125 lbs.). Martinez is listed as the #5 ranked Flyweight prospect in the MMA Prospects Report 2013.
The Ultimate Fighter.
In August 2013, it was announced that Martinez was one of the fighters selected to be on . In the elimination fight to get into the TUF house, Martinez faced David Grant and lost via an armbar submission in the second round.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Martinez made his UFC debut against Chris Cariaso on UFC 169, replacing an injured Kyoji Horiguchi. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.

</doc>
<doc id="20479854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479854" title="Jenny Is a Good Thing">
Jenny Is a Good Thing

Jenny Is a Good Thing is a 1969 American short documentary film about children and poverty, directed by Joan Horvath. Produced for Project Head Start, it shows the importance of good nutrition for underprivileged nursery school children. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20479880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479880" title="Conserve (publisher)">
Conserve (publisher)

Conserve (Dutch: "Uitgeverij Conserve") is a Dutch publishing organization that was founded in 1983 in Schoorl by Kees de Bakker. The company is specialised in publishing historical novels. Cynthia Mc Leod is one of the authors published by Conserve.

</doc>
<doc id="20479897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479897" title="Leo Beuerman">
Leo Beuerman

Leo Beuerman is a 1969 American short documentary film directed by Gene Boomer. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20479904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479904" title="Dalibor Mitrović">
Dalibor Mitrović

Dalibor Mitrović (; born November 4, 1977) is a Serbian football striker. He plays for Moravac Mrštane in the Serbian League East.
Career.
Mitrović began his career at Radnički Niš in 1997/98 but joined the then Eerste Klasse champions Club Brugge the following season. After a successful loan spell with Westerlo in 2000, Mitrovic went on to make 48 league appearances for Sint-Truidense. He returned to Serbia, in January 2003, joining Rad Belgrade and playing with them in the Serbian SuperLiga.

</doc>
<doc id="20479906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479906" title="Onias Mupumha">
Onias Mupumha

Onias Mupumha (born 23 February 1978) is a Zimbabwean sculptor. He is the winner of the 2008 NAMA (National Arts Merit Awards) awarded by Zimbabwe's National Arts Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20479913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479913" title="Glenn Stetson">
Glenn Stetson

Glenn Stetson (November 12, 1940 – August 22, 2003) was Canadian singer, concert promoter and television producer. Glenn Campbell Stetson was born in the Ottawa Valley (Ramsayville) of eastern Ontario and raised in Hamilton, Ontario. He was a lead singer with The Diamonds, whose hits included "The Stroll", "Silhouettes", and "Little Darlin'", from the late 1960s through the 1980s. He studied theater under Sir Tyrone Guthrie, and appeared in the original Broadway productions of "H.M.S Pinafore" and "Funny Girl". 
In the mid-1960s, he was a featured performer for Fred Waring and the Pennsylvanians. In 1968, he joined the Diamonds and helped keep their name and music alive through the 1970s and 1980s, particularly on oldies tours and TV. The Diamonds toured Australia heavily in the 1970s with Australian rock-n-roll legend Lonnie Lee. Stetson released a solo album in the 1970s entitled "Stetson Country" that was produced by Wayne Jackson of the famed Memphis Horns. He was a frequent guest on Nashville Now with host Ralph Emery.
Stetson and Richard J. "Dick" Milano (of Maggie Valley, NC) were founders of "Little Darlin's Rock-n-Roll Palace" in Kissimmee, Florida (opened in 1986, closed in 1992) which was a highly popular Orlando-area venue in the 1980s. He was co-executive producer for "Live at the Palace" (hosted by Wolfman Jack) on the Nashville Network (TNN). "Little Darlin's Rock-n-Roll Palace" and associated oldies tours revived the careers of many performers, notably Fabian, Dee Clark, Tommy Sands, The Shirelles, Danny & the Juniors, and The Tokens. He was also active in charitable fund-raising and civic organisations such as the Shriners of which he was an honorary member.
Stetson received a heart transplant in 2000 as a result of myocarditis. However, his health began to deteriorate and he died undergoing an operation on August 22, 2003 in Orlando, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20479947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479947" title="Moodgadget">
Moodgadget

Moodgadget is an independent electronic music label, founded in 2004 in Ann Arbor, Michigan by Jakub Marek Alexander and Adam E. Hunt, with the mission statement "Exposing the diversity in electronically made music." They started the label with the goal of popularizing their opinion that electronic music is a process, not a genre; within its broad walls lives a plethora of sounds–everything from catchy folk to melodic techno.
The label is currently based in Brooklyn, New York and Los Angeles, California, with Alexander and Hunt sharing creative direction, production, design and marketing duties. Jakub also handles A+R and booking, while Adam takes care of web design and mastering. PhilistineDSGN, Alex Koplin, and Taro Yumiba each contribute design.
Artists.
Moodgadget has released music by over 70 artists, including:
Releases.
Compilations.
In 2006, Moodgadget released "The Rorschach Suite", a 20-song compilation. It reached #17 in iTunes' electronic music section, and the single "Lost and Found" by Mux Mool was selected for the "Best of iTunes 2006." In 2008, Moodgadget released two compilations, "The Synchronicity Suite" and "No New Enemies Vol. 1" both made it into the top 30 in iTunes' electronic music section.
Limited and Premiere.
The label has made use of the donation sales method popularized by Radiohead for their Limited and Premiere releases. Limited releases are those by established artists, and Premiere releases are those by new artists; both allow the customer to choose their own price.
Distribution.
Through their website, they release music digitally in the DRM-Free MP3 format, and are partnered with Layne Fox, IRIS Distribution and IODA for distribution through online music retailers, including: iTunes, eMusic and Beatport. They have also utilized the controversial technology BitTorrent, and it is their opinion that music is increasingly becoming a promotional tool for touring, merchandising and licensing.
Licensing.
Moodgadget has licensed music through Jeremy Peters and GHO (a subsidiary of Ghostly International) to LG, and Prada.

</doc>
<doc id="20479963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479963" title="Norwegian Social Research">
Norwegian Social Research

Norwegian Social Research (, NOVA) is a social science research institute based in Oslo, Norway.
It was established on 1 July 1996, as a merger between four institutes. It is subordinate to the Norwegian Ministry of Education and Research. Its purpose is to conduct "research on different aspects of society and the welfare state", focusing "on the whole range of the life course". It cooperates closely with the University and University College sector in Norway and the Research Council of Norway, but is a contract-based research institute. It publishes the Nordic scientific journal Tidsskrift for ungdomsforskning (Journal of Youth Research).
Areas of research
NOVA´s key research areas are:
NordForsk has granted NOVA status as a Nordic Centre of Excellence in Welfare Research: Reassessing the Nordic Welfare Model, www.reassess.no.
Organizational set-up:
Research activity at NOVA is organized into six research groups: 
Within its fields NOVA performs research assignments commissioned by public and private sector clients. Read about NOVAs involvement in international European projects and networks.
The institute is the leading national research institute on child welfare, youth and ageing and the elderly.

</doc>
<doc id="20479977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479977" title="National Highway 80 (India)">
National Highway 80 (India)

National Highway 80 (NH 80) is a National Highway in Eastern India that links Mokamah, Bihar to Farrakka in West Bengal. This -long highway passes through three states – Bihar , Jharkhand and West Bengal of India. NH 80 passes through Lakhisarai - Jamalpur - Munger - Bhagalpur - Kahalgaon - Rajmahal. It meets NH 34 at Farrakka. 

</doc>
<doc id="20479983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20479983" title="Captain Prabhakaran">
Captain Prabhakaran

Captain Prabhakaran is a 1991 Tamil action film directed by R. K. Selvamani. It features Vijayakanth in the lead role. It also features Mansoor Ali Khan, Rupini, and Ramya Krishnan. Sarath Kumar appears in a small role. It was Vijayakanth's 100th film; he earned the nickname "Captain" after this movie. The character of the antagonist Veerabhadran (played by Mansoor Ali Khan) is loosely based on the forest brigand Veerappan.It is a blockbuster film in South India. Movie name was tribute to Prabhakaran, LTTE leader.
Plot.
Captain Prabhakaran (Vijaykanth) is an IFS officer sent to Sathyamangalam to nab terrorist Veerabhadran (Mansoor Ali Khan (actor)) who tortures the people of that place. Prabhakaran not only going to nab Veerabhadran but also to avenge the death of his friend Rajaraman IFS (Sarathkumar) who was a forest officer killed by Veerabhadran. Police commissioner, collector are corrupt and supporters of Veerabhadran. In the climax, Veerabhadran kidnaps Prabhakaran's wife and son. Prabhakaran comes in correct time saves his wife, son and nabs Veerabhadran. Ramya krishnan loved Sarathkumar and she dies by giving birth to a child. Veerabhadran is shot dead by corrupt inspector and collector. Prabhakaran kills both of them and he is dragged to court for killing police inspector and collector. Prabhakaran tells the truth that they were corrupt and the film ends with Prabhakaran being released from the court. This film was dubbed in Telugu as Captain Prabakar with packed houses.
Production.
After the success of "Pulan Visaranai", Rowther decided to make another project with Vijayakanth and Selvamani titled "Captain Prabhakaran", the plotline of the film was based on the forest brigand Veerappan. The film happens to be 100th project of Vijayakanth. The filming was held at Chalakudi for 60 days.
Soundtrack.
Soundtrack has only two songs composed by Ilayaraaja. The song "Aattama Therottama" became a hit at that time. The lyrics by Gangai Amaran and Pirai Soodan.

</doc>
<doc id="20480023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480023" title="I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (UK series 3)">
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (UK series 3)

The third series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" began on 26 January 2004 and ended on 9 February 2004. The programme ran for 15 days (16 days if counting the morning the finalists exited) and was sponsored by First Choice Holidays. The series was won by Kerry McFadden (now known by her maiden name Kerry Katona).
This series saw contestants Peter Andre and Jordan (now known by her real name Katie Price) start a high profile relationship which would feature in tabloids and magazines for the five years they were together. Jordan returned to the jungle for a second time in 2009.
Celebrities.
10 celebrities participated in the series:
Bushtucker Trials.
The contestants take part in daily trials to earn food
Ratings.
All ratings are taken from the UK Programme Ratings website, BARB.
Series average = 11.02 million viewers.
Ratings.
Ratings from BARB.

</doc>
<doc id="20480029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480029" title="National Highway 81 (India)">
National Highway 81 (India)

National Highway 81 (NH 81) is a National Highway in Eastern Indian states of Bihar and West Bengal. NH 81 links Kora in Bihar to Malda in West Bengal. Of its length, NH 81 runs for in Bihar and in West Bengal. 

</doc>
<doc id="20480033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480033" title="Baghdad Medical City">
Baghdad Medical City

Baghdad Medical City () formerly known as Saddam Medical City (1983-2003) and before that known as Medical City Teaching Hospital (1973-1983) is a complex of several teaching hospitals in Bab Al-Moatham, Baghdad, Iraq
The Medical City includes the Baghdad University College of Medicine. The largest hospital in the complex is the Surgical Specialties Hospital built in 1980. The second largest is the Baghdad Teaching Hospital, built in the early 1970s, which contains the out patient clinics and the emergency department. The complex has over a thousand beds for patients, collectively it is run by Baghdad Medical City.
See also.
The Iraqi Center for Heart Diseases

</doc>
<doc id="20480041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480041" title="Uncial 0261">
Uncial 0261

Uncial 0261 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 5th century. The manuscript has survived in a very fragmentary condition.
Description.
The codex contains some parts of the Epistle to the Galatians 1:9-12,19-22; 4:25-31, on 2 parchment leaves (20 cm by 15 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
Text.
The text-type of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Berlin State Museums (P. 6791, 6792, 14043) in Berlin. 

</doc>
<doc id="20480081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480081" title="Kristian Seip">
Kristian Seip

Kristian Seip (born 24 June 1962) is a Norwegian mathematician.
He took his doctor's degree at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1988, and became a professor in 1994. The Norwegian Institute of Technology was renamed into the Norwegian University of Science and Technology in 1996. Seip is among the editorial staff for the journal "Acta Mathematica".
Seip chaired the Norwegian Mathematics Society from 2003 to 2007, and since 2006 he chairs the committee that awards the Abel Prize. He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters. In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20480104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480104" title="Uncial 0262">
Uncial 0262

Uncial 0262 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 7th century. 
Description.
The codex contains small part of the First Epistle to Timothy 1:15-16, on one parchment leaf (12 cm by 10 cm). It is survived in a fragmentary condition. Probably it was written in two columns per page, 6 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th century.
It was examined by Kurt Treu and Horseley.
Text.
by Kurt Treu
Τhe οriginal οrthography is heavily phoneticized. Treu provides the following transcription orthography normalized. 
The text-type of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Berlin State Museums (P. 13977) in Berlin. 

</doc>
<doc id="20480109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480109" title="46th General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
46th General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 46th General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between February 27, 1957 and April 16, 1960.
Division of seats.
There were 43 members of the General Assembly, elected in the 1956 Nova Scotia general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20480113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480113" title="Ljubiša Ranković">
Ljubiša Ranković

Ljubiša Ranković (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубиша Ранковић; born 10 December 1973 in Valjevo, Serbia, then SFR Yugoslavia) is a former Serbian footballer. He was joined K-League Ilhwa Chunma in Novbember 1995, So He didn't playeed regular season. He only played in 1995 K-League Championship. At that time, K-League Championship matches are accepted extra match. So official attendances are not recorded.
He is the secretary of the coaching staff of FK Partizan.

</doc>
<doc id="20480162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480162" title="Schober group">
Schober group

The Schober Group () is a sub-range of the Hohe Tauern mountains in the Central Eastern Alps, on the border between the Austrian states of Tyrol (East Tyrol) and Carinthia. Most of the range is located inside Hohe Tauern national park. It is named after Mt. Hochschober, , though its highest peak is Mt. Petzeck at .
Geography.
The range comprises central parts of the Hohe Tauern south of the neighbouring Glockner Group and the Alpine divide. In the south it stretches down to the East Tyrolean capital Lienz and the Drava Valley. In the east, the Grossglockner High Alpine Road leads up to Hochtor Pass via Großkirchheim.

</doc>
<doc id="20480169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480169" title="Uncial 0263">
Uncial 0263

Uncial 0263 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains small part of the Gospel of Mark 5:26-27,31, on one parchment leaf (28 cm by 22 cm). It is survived in a fragmentary condition. Written in one column per page, 17 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Berlin State Museums (P. 14045) in Berlin. 
Text.
The text-type of this codex is unknown, text is too brief to determine its textual character. Aland did not placed it in any of Categories of New Testament manuscripts. 

</doc>
<doc id="20480185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480185" title="Thiruvarur Bakthavathsalam">
Thiruvarur Bakthavathsalam

Thiruvaarur Bakthavathsalam (or Tiruvarur Bhaktavatsalam) (born 25 November) is a Mridanga Vidwan from a family of traditional musicians in the Tanjore district of Tamilnadu, India. He is currently staying in Chennai.
Bakthavathsalam had his initial tutelage from his maternal uncle Thiruvarur Krishnamurthy and was further groomed by his mother T. R. Anandavalli, herself a talented musician. He has been played in prestigious Jugalbandhi concerts featuring Carnatic and Hindustani maestros.
He has been on concert tours in the US, UK, Europe, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, accompanying a galaxy of musicians on the mridangam for musicians of three generations. He has also travelled to Malaysia, Philippines, Sri Lanka and the U.A.E. He has represented India in many music festivals held abroad, some of which were organised by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), New Delhi. Some of his notable performances are "Tala Vadhya Kutcheri" at the festival of India, Paris in June 1985, flute and violin Jugalbandis in Australia in February 1987, the Olympic music festival held in Barcelona in Spain in 1992, a festival of Indian Music in U.S.S.R. in 1997, the fund-raising programme organised by the Bay Area Tamil Mandram and Sankara eye foundation at Hayward, California, US in 2003. He has been performing for the last FOUR decades, accompanying a galaxy of musicians of THREE generations. For his aesthetic and embellished accompaniment on the Mrudangam, he has been bestowed with awards like Sangeet Natak Akademi award by Govt. of India, Kalaimamani by State Govt of Tamilnadu, Vishwakalabharati, Mrudanga Chudaroli, Lifetime achievement award by Shanti Arts Foundation. He is also Asthana vidwan of the Kanchi Kamakoti Peetam Mutt 
He has accompanied many well-known artists like M. L. Vasanthakumari, K. J. Yesudas, Madurai Somu, N. Ramani, V. G. Jog, Bhimsen Joshi, Maharajapuram Santhanam, K. V. Narayanaswamy, T. N. Krishnan, T. V. Sankaranarayanan, M. Balamuralikrishna, Mysore Manjunath and U. Srinivas
Laya Madhura Mridanga Yagna.
On the divine occasion of the 68th birthday celebrations of Parama Pujya Sri Ganapathi Sachchidananda Swamiji on May, 2010 the first ever of its kind musical presentation “ Laya Madhura Mridanga Yagna” led by mridanga maestro Thiruvarur Bakthavathsalam will be organized at the Avadhoota Datta Peetham in Mysore. This concept devised by Swamiji will have 108 mridangam artists from all over India participating in it. Based on a new raga “Sachchidananda” dedicated to Swamiji, it will explore the concept of four in melody and rhythm.
The number four has a special significance – we have Brahma, the creator having four faces, the four vedas, the seasons are four, the most common beat in classical music is made of four units and so on. This unique musical offering will also be based on the concept of four. The 108 mridangam artists will be divided into four groups, representing the four varieties of rhythm namely – Chatusram, Tisram, Khandam and Misram. The raga “Sachchidananda” is woven around the four notes – Sa, Ga, Pa and Dha and the mrudangam will also be tuned to each of these notes by the four groups. Apart from playing intrinsic patterns, the four groups will also present four Korvais.
With the blessings of Ganapathy Sachchidananda Swamiji and ably led by maestro Thiruvarur Bhakthavatsalam, “Laya Madhura Mridanga Yagna” will explore the multihued colours of melody and rhythm in the most exquisite manner and transport the listeners to a totally meditative plane.
He also did one more mridhanga yagna in kachi kamakoti peetam, kanchipuram with 76 mridangam artists recently.
Laya Madhuraa School of music.
Sri Thiruvaarur Bakthavathsalam is the founder, director of the "Laya Madhuraa" School of music, which has its headquarters at Chennai,coimbatore and Toronto, Canada. Laya Madhuraa School of Music was inaugurated in the year 2000 with the aim to nurture and train young talents in Mrudangam, the mother of percussion in the field of South Indian Carnatic Music. The school has evolved systematic training methodologies and has been successful in producing numerous Mrudangam artists all over the world. It is also presently working on conceptualizing innovative percussion ideologies and introducing the nuances of Layam and Nadhaam of the Mrudangam even to a common man to realize the values of our traditional art. 
Laya Madhuraa School of Music also actively organizes the "LAYA MADHURAA SANGEETHOTHSAVAM" every year at Aarkay Convention Hall, Chennai from just before the onset of the Margazhi season. Every year during this festival, one Carnatic music veteran and one staunch promoter of Carnatic music are honored for their contribution to music. Further, the festival also features a series of concerts on all five days by eminent musicians and through this event, promotes talented disciples of Laya Madhuraa School of music.
Laya Madhuraa Divine Ensemble.
He has created his own troupe of music ensemble named "LayaMadhura". In this ensemble he has named it as a divine ensemble by including instruments like the nadaswaram, violin, and flute as melodic instruments and the mridangam, kanjira, ghatam, morsing, and tabla as percussion. All the artists in his group are of a high caliber.
CD albums.
He has to his credit two solo audio albums viz."LayaMadhura" and "ThalaBhakthi", and has also provided accompaniment in numerous cassettes and CDs for top ranking artistes. He has also released a CD "rhythmic symphony", a percussion jugalbandi with Pandit Anindo Chatterjee on the tabla. The latest twin CD album is the "divine ensemble" which is the new novel instrumental ensemble he has evolved with instruments like the nadaswaram, violin, flute, ghatam, kanjira, morsing and tabla.
Personal Life
Bakthavathsalam married Rajam on 22 May 1985.His wife Rajam is the daughter of Vazhuvoor Samraj and is the grand daughter of Vazhuvoor B.Ramaiah Pillai .They have three daughters Harini,Mahalakshmi and Lavanya. Harini and Lavanya are learning vocal and Mahalakshmi is learning bharathanatyam.

</doc>
<doc id="20480203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480203" title="Aibek Bokoev">
Aibek Bokoev

Aibek Bokoev is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who is a striker for Abdish-Ata Kant whom he join from Dordoi-Dynamo Naryn in 2009 . He is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20480214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480214" title="Nilay Özdemir">
Nilay Özdemir

Nilay Özdemir (born 24 October 1985 in Salihli, Manisa Province, Turkey), formerly aka Nilay Benli, is a Turkish female volleyball player. She is tall and plays as setter. She plays for Fenerbahçe and wears jersey number 11. She played 74 times for the Turkey women's national volleyball team.
Career.
Özdemir played with Fenerbahçe in the 2012 FIVB Club World Championship held in Doha, Qatar and helped her team to win the bronze medal after defeating Puerto Rico's Lancheras de Cataño 3-0.

</doc>
<doc id="20480221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480221" title="Uncial 0264">
Uncial 0264

Uncial 0264 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 5th century. 
Descriptions.
The codex contains small parts of the Gospel of John 8:19-20,23-24, on one parchment leaf (15 cm by 12 cm). It has survived in a fragmentary condition. The text is written in one column per page, 18 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Berlin State Museums (P. 14049) in Berlin.
Text.
The text-type of this codex is unknown, text is too brief to determine its textual character. Aland did not placed it in any of Categories of New Testament manuscripts. 

</doc>
<doc id="20480238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480238" title="The Baltimore Bullet">
The Baltimore Bullet

The Baltimore Bullet is a 1980 film based on the adventures of two pool hustlers in the United States.
It was directed by Robert Ellis Miller and starred James Coburn, Bruce Boxleitner and Omar Sharif. "The Baltimore Bullet" screenplay was written by legendary film and stage dancer John Brascia, from a story by Brascia and Robert Vincent O'Neill. Brascia also produced the film. 
Various real-life notable professional players made cameo appearances, including Lou Butera, Willie Mosconi, Steve Mizerak, Mike Sigel and Jimmy Mataya.
Many of "The Baltimore Bullet"'s plot elements were lifted for the 1986 hit film "The Color of Money". Elements which do not appear in the novel on which the 1986 film was based.
As of January 2009, the film has been released on (now out-of-print) NTSC VHS video tape, and a Region-2 (European, PAL-format) DVD, but is not presently available in other DVD regions.
Plot.
Nick Casey, whose nickname is the "Baltimore Bullet," is a legendary pool player whose best days are behind him. He decides to teach everything he knows to a young up-and-comer, Billie Joe Robbins, all leading up to a big winner-take-all match between the two of them. 

</doc>
<doc id="20480275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480275" title="Ebru Elhan">
Ebru Elhan

Ebru Elhan (born February 19, 1982 in Kayseri) is a Turkish volleyball player. She is 185 cm and plays as outside hitter. She plays for Ereğli Belediyesi.

</doc>
<doc id="20480277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480277" title="Ruslan Djamshidov">
Ruslan Djamshidov

Ruslan Jamshidov (born 22 August 1982) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who is a striker for Alga Bishkek. He is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20480278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480278" title="Uncial 0265">
Uncial 0265

Uncial 0265 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains small parts of the Gospel of Luke 7:20-21,34-35, on one parchment leaf (27 cm by 22 cm). It is survived in a fragmentary condition. Probably it was written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Berlin State Museums (P. 16994) in Berlin. 
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type, though text is too brief for certainty. Aland with some hesitation placed it in Category V. 

</doc>
<doc id="20480286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480286" title="Wynn Chamberlain">
Wynn Chamberlain

Wynn Chamberlain, also known as Win Chamberlain and Elwyn Chamberlain, (born 19 May 1927) is an American artist, film maker and author. Described by the "New York Times" as a "pioneer realist painter", the artist has two works, "Interior: Late August" (1955) and "The Barricade" (1958), on permanent exhibition in the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
Biography.
Elwyn Chamberlain was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 1927. After serving in the US Navy from 1944 to 1946, he studied art at the University of Idaho, where he graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in 1949. He then took a Master's Degree in philosophy at the University of Wisconsin, while continuing to paint and studying with the Magic realist artist, John Wilde. He had his first solo exhibition in Milwaukee in 1951, and three years later he had his first New York City solo exhibition at the Edwin Hewitt Gallery. Throughout the 1950s and 1960s his realist landscapes, interior scenes, and allegorical paintings were exhibited throughout the United States and in Europe. Although his work tended to become more abstract in the 1960s, he had a major exhibition of nude portraits at the Fischbach Gallery in 1965. The portraits were of New York literary and artistic figures of the time. One of the most famous of these is "Poets Dressed and Undressed", two panels portraying Joe Brainard, Frank O'Hara, Joe LeSueur and Frank Lima. The exhibition also included a nude portrait of Allen Ginsberg who wrote the publicity flyer for the exhibition ("Chamberlain's "Nakeds"") as well as notes for the catalogue, wherein he equated Chamberlain's nudes with the ecstatic poetry of William Blake.
In the 1960s Chamberlain also became involved in Andy Warhol's circle. In the latter part of that decade he increasingly turned from painting to film and theatre. In 1967 he produced the premiere of Charles Ludlam's "Conquest of the Universe" at the Bouwerie Lane Theatre, directed by John Vaccaro and starring several members of Andy Warhol's Factory, including Taylor Mead and Ultra Violet. Chamberlain also wrote, produced and directed the film "Brand X" which premiered in 1970. The film, a satire on American television commercials, included Taylor Mead, Candy Darling, Abbie Hoffman, Baby Jane Holzer and Sam Sheppard in the cast.
Chamberlain married Sally Stokes in 1965. The couple had two children in 1968, fraternal twins Sara Ninigret Stokes Chamberlain and Samuel Wyandance Stokes Chamberlain.
In 1970, Chamberlain left the underground scene and the art world behind. He burned his paintings and went to India with his wife and children. The family were to live there for five years - in the Terai with a Tantric yogi,in the village of Kollur in Karnataka, and in Bangalore, in an old colonial mansion once owned by Arthur Wellesley. On their return to the United States in 1975, they bought land in California's Mendocino County, lived in a tent for three years, built their house and grew most of their own food. It was during this time, that Chamberlain became a novelist. His first novel, "Gates of Fire", was published by Grove Press in 1978. "Gates of Fire", like his third novel, "Then Spoke the Thunder", is set in India.
As of 2009 Chamberlain was living in Marrakech, Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="20480306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480306" title="Lawhitton">
Lawhitton

Lawhitton () is a civil parish and village in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. The village is situated two miles (3 km) southwest of Launceston and half-a-mile west of Cornwall's border with Devon at the River Tamar.
The parish of Lawhitton is in the Launceston registration district. It is a comparatively small parish and Lawhitton village is the principal settlement. The border with Devon forms the parish's eastern boundary; to the north, it is bounded by St Thomas by Launceston parish; to the west by Launceston parish; and to the south by Lezant parish. The population of the parish in the 2001 census was 270.
History.
In the 880s, Saxon priests controlled church estates like Polltun, Caellwic, Landwithan (Pawton, in St Breock) and Lawhitton. Eventually they passed these over to Wessex kings. These estates were granted to the Bishop of Sherborne to whose diocese Cornwall had been added. Landwithan included the parishes of Lawhitton, South Petherwin (with Dunheved, modern Launceston), Trewen and Lezant. In 1050 they passed to the Bishop of Exeter and remained a peculiar deanery of the Bishop until 1850. Consequently two-thirds of the parish of Lawhitton still belongs to the Church Commissioners. Until 1261 the benefice of Lawhitton consisted of a vicarage and a sinecure rectory; they were then combined as a rectory. From then until 1924 there were 60 rectors, of whom probably only 19 were resident. The last of these rectors was Henry Du Boulay who was concurrently Archdeacon of Bodmin from 1892 to 1924 Du Boulay was ordained in 1864 and died in 1925; he was the son of an earlier rector of Lawhitton.
Parish church.
The parish church of St Michael is in Lawhitton village at ; it is of various periods of English Gothic architecture. The plan is unusual and the tower stands in the position of a south transept. The tower is 13th century in date and there is a north aisle. The font is Norman, of the Altarnun type. Features of interest include the Jacobean pulpit, 1665, and two monuments, to R. Bennet (d. 1683) and in Coade stone to Richard Coffin (d. 1796).

</doc>
<doc id="20480311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480311" title="Hurshil Lutfullaev">
Hurshil Lutfullaev

Hurshil Lutfullaev is a Kyrgyzstani footballer. He is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team. He currently play for Dinamo MVD Bishkek.

</doc>
<doc id="20480350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480350" title="Talant Samsaliev">
Talant Samsaliev

Talant Samsaliev (Талант СэмсЛиев; born 27 April 1980) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who plays for Dordoi Bishkek. He is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20480357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480357" title="Agia Effimia">
Agia Effimia

Agia Effimia () was the seat of the Pylaros municipality of Kefalonia (also spelled Cephalonia) in Greece. The small town is based around a traditional fishing village centred on a small harbour. It contains a number of taverns, bars and shops as well as tourist accommodation and local residences. The main activity in the village is now centred on tourism. The harbour is popular with sailing holidays, and is the home to flotilla sailing groups. Many of the old buildings in Agia Efimia were destroyed in the 1953 earthquake, although a few original buildings survive.

</doc>
<doc id="20480367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480367" title="Nanomagnet">
Nanomagnet

A nanomagnet is a submicrometric system that presents spontaneous magnetic order (magnetization) at zero applied magnetic field (remanence). 
The small size of nanomagnets prevents the formation of magnetic domains (see single domain (magnetic)). The magnetization dynamics of sufficiently small nanomagnets at low temperatures, typically single-molecule magnets, presents quantum phenomena, such as macroscopic spin tunnelling. At larger temperatures, the magnetization undergoes random thermal fluctuations (superparamagnetism) which present a limit for the use of nanomagnets for permanent information storage. 
Canonical examples of nanomagnets are grains of ferromagnetic metals (iron, cobalt, and nickel) and single-molecule magnets. The vast majority of nanomagnets feature transition metal (titanium, vanadium, chromium, manganese, iron, cobalt or nickel) or rare earth (Gd, Eu, Er) magnetic atoms.
Attending to the number of magnetic atoms, the smallest nanomagnets reported so far are double decker phthalocyanes with only one rare earth atom. Canonical single-molecule magnets are the so-called Mn12 and Fe8 systems, with 12 and 8 transition metal atoms each and both with spin 10 (S=10) ground states. 
The phenomenon of zero field magnetization requires three conditions: 
Conditions (1) and (2), but not (3), have been demonstrated in a number of nanostructures, such as nanoparticles, nanoislands, and quantum dots with a controlled number of magnetic atoms (between 1 and 10). 
A nanomagnet can have enhanced electronic properties due to size effect, such as long spin relaxation time of conduction electron, which may be useful for nano-scale spintronic device.

</doc>
<doc id="20480368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480368" title="Vincent Watts">
Vincent Watts

Vincent Challacombe Watts OBE (born 11 August 1940) is a British academic and businessman. 
He was educated at Sidcot School, Peterhouse, Cambridge (MA, Molecular Biology), and at the University of Birmingham (MSc). He served as Vice-Chancellor of the University of East Anglia from 1997 to 2002, leaving to focus full-time on his role as Chairman of the East of England Development Agency. Prior to joining the University of East Anglia he was at Andersen Consulting.

</doc>
<doc id="20480381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480381" title="Lionnel Franck Djimgou">
Lionnel Franck Djimgou

Lionnel Franck Djimgou Tchoumbou (born March 27, 1989 in Yaoundé) is a Cameroonian football player, who last played for FC Daugava.
Club career.
Tchoumbou began his career 1999 by Valencia CF and moved 2001 to Real Madrid, he played 7 years on youth side from Madrid. In July 2008 moved to Xerez CD, the club from Jerez, Andalusia loaned him in August 2008 for one year to CD San Fernando.
In July 2010 he was signed by the Latvian side FC Daugava. He played 5 matches there, scoring no goals and was released after the season.
Personal life.
He holds a Spanish passport.

</doc>
<doc id="20480383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480383" title="Enipeus">
Enipeus

Enipeus or Enipeas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20480388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480388" title="Bakytbek Mamatov">
Bakytbek Mamatov

Bakytbek Mamatov is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who plays for Abdish-Ata Kant after leaving Zhashtyk Ak Altyn Kara-Suu in 2006. He is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20480405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480405" title="Paindong union">
Paindong union

Paindong union () is a union of Fatikchhari Upazila of Chittagong District.
Geography.
Area of Paindong : 7,209 acres (29.17 km2.)।
Location.
North: Bhujpur Thana and Manikchhari Upazila
East: Kanchannagar union
South: Sundarpur union
West: Harualchari union
Population.
As of 1991 Bangladesh census, Paindong union has a population of .
Educational institutions.
Berajali Mozidia Islamia Dhakil Madrasha
It is the institution of quality education.
Establish On 02.02.2000
Berajali Gov't Primary School
Marketplaces and bazars.
Brindabonhat is the main marketplace in the union.
Villages and mouzas.
Berazali,Sheatkua,
Famous persons.
Late Mowlana Hazrat Abdul Mozid Shaheeb,Mowlana Bari,Berazali.
Late Mowlana Hazrat Rhamat Ullah Shaheeb,Late Hazarat Bora Mowlana Torab Uddin Shaheeb, Late Mowlan Rashid Ullah Shaheeb.
References.
Informations:[http://www.lcgbangladesh.org/derweb/Population_Union.xls]

</doc>
<doc id="20480426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480426" title="Jaan Eilart">
Jaan Eilart

Jaan Eilart (24 June 1933 in Pala, Kirna Parish, Järva County – 18 May 2006 in Tartu) was an Estonian phytogeographer, landscape ecologist, cultural historian and conservationist.
In 1957 he started teaching conservation as a subject in the Tartu State University. In 1958 he established the Tartu Students' Nature Protection Circle (; TÜLKR), which is allegedly the oldest student's community dedicated to conservation, and in 1966 he established the Estonian Nature Conservation Society ("; ELKS). In 1969 Eilart led the establishment of Lahemaa National Park which was the first national park in the Soviet Union. Later he also instructed the establishment of national parks in Komi, Armenia and Tajikistan. Eilart held the chair of Eastern-European Committee of IUCN from 1982 to 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20480434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480434" title="Lynch's Brickyard House">
Lynch's Brickyard House

Lynch's Brickyard House is a historic home located at Lynchburg, Virginia. It consists of dwelling built about 1849, and two garages built about 1922, all of which are constructed directly on the lot line along Jackson Street. The dwelling is a one-story, three-bay frame structure with a stone pier foundation, weatherboard siding, and metal gable roof with exterior-end chimneys. The house is a rare surviving example of the modest, vernacular-style dwellings built in Lynchburg in the mid 19th century by artisans, tradesmen and other middle-class settlers.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20480442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480442" title="Centre of Biological Research (Spain)">
Centre of Biological Research (Spain)

The Centre of Biological Research (Spanish: Centro de Investigaciones Biológicas) is a leading research centre in Spain, specialising in molecular genetics. It belongs to the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC). 
Created in 1958, the centre leads Spanish and European research in the fields of biology and biomedicine. Set up under the auspices of Nobel laureate Santiago Ramón y Cajal, its first director was Gregorio Marañon. Leading scientists associated with the centre include Mariano Barbacid.
Originally located in the centre of Madrid, its new facilities at the Complutense University of Madrid campus were inaugurated on 26th January 2004 by Her Royal Highness Infanta Cristina, Duchess of Palma de Mallorca.
Research areas.
The centre is divided into five departments corresponding to the scientific areas they specialise in: 
With 90 staff scientists and some 500 pre-and postdoctoral research fellows, technical and administrative staff, it has a high output in leading English-and Spanish language scientific reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="20480452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480452" title="Toomas Frey">
Toomas Frey

Toomas Frey (born 13 December 1937 in Põltsamaa) is an Estonian ecologist, geobotanist and forest scientist.
He was also a political leader, with the Estonian Greens. When he was named Minister of the Environment in 1990, it was the first time a member of a green party reached a national position in an Eastern European government.

</doc>
<doc id="20480487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480487" title="Roman Ablakimov">
Roman Ablakimov

Roman Ablakimov (born 28 August 1987) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who is a Midfielder for Dinamo MVD Bishkek. He was a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20480488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480488" title="Daniel O'Callaghan (Cork politician)">
Daniel O'Callaghan (Cork politician)

Daniel (Donal) O'Callaghan was an Irish Sinn Féin politician. He was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Cork Borough constituency. He opposed the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted against it. He stood as an anti-Treaty Sinn Féin candidate at the 1922 general election but was not elected. He served as Lord Mayor of Cork from 1920 to 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="20480501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480501" title="Abdullapur union">
Abdullapur union

Abdullapur union () is a union of Fatikchhari Upazila of Chittagong District.
Geography.
Area of Paindong : 529 acres (2.14 km2.)।
Location.
North: Dharmapur
East: Uttar Sharta
South: Raozan Upazila
West: Jafatnagar
Population.
As of 1991 Bangladesh census, Abdullapur union has a population of 4461.
Educational institutions.
Has 01 High School, 02 Primary School and 01 Madrasa

</doc>
<doc id="20480505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480505" title="Loyal B. Stearns">
Loyal B. Stearns

Loyal B. Stearns (May 2, 1853–June 2, 1936) was an American politician, attorney, and jurist in Oregon. Born in New Hampshire and raised in Oregon, he became a lawyer and practiced in Portland. A Republican, he was a member of the Oregon House of Representatives and later a judge for several courts.
Early life.
Loyal Stearns was born to Daniel W. Stearns and Almira Stearns (nee Fay) on May 2, 1853. One of five children, he was born in Swanzey, New Hampshire, and sailed with his family that year via the Isthmus of Panama route to San Francisco, California. In 1854, they continued north to the Oregon Territory. There they settled in Southern Oregon in Scottsburg. The younger Stearns was educated in Roseburg at the local schools and at Umpqua Academy. He also traveled around the state and into Idaho while working with his merchant father.
In 1871, Stearns relocated north to Portland where he attended Bishop Scott Academy until 1872. Stearns then enrolled at the Willamette University College of Medicine in Salem, Oregon, for one term before leaving to study law. He read law under the guidance of A. C. Gibbs and William Ball Gilbert at their law firm in Portland beginning in 1873. In December 1876, he passed the bar and began practicing law in Portland. Stearns started as a partner of Gibbs before practicing on his own.
Political career.
Stearns was elected to the Oregon House of Representatives in 1878 as a Republican. He represented District 38 which at that time was located entirely within Multnomah County, and included Portland. His father Daniel Stearns served in the House previously, and then served in the state senate following Loyal's one session in the Oregon Legislative Assembly. Loyal Stearns then served as Portland’s police judge from January 1879 to 1882 followed by election to the office of city attorney. After a short time in that position, he was elected to a seat on Multnomah County’s court, and served from June 1882 to 1885. In 1885, he became a judge for the Oregon circuit court where he remained until 1898. Governor Zenas Ferry Moody appointed him to the position, and Stearns won election to a full-term and then re-election until retiring from the bench.
Later years and family.
On June 19, 1883, he married Mary Frances Hoyt, and they had one daughter together. Stearns worked in the real estate business following his judicial career. Mary, the daughter of Captain Richard Hoyt, died in 1933. Loyal Stearns died on June 2, 1936, at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="20480507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480507" title="Tkalčićeva Street">
Tkalčićeva Street

Tkalčićeva Street (, formally: Ivan Tkalčić Street, ) is a street in the Zagreb, Croatia city center. Extending from the vicinity of the central Ban Jelačić Square to its northern end at the Little Street (), the street flows between the Gornji Grad in the west and Nova Ves in the east. The street is officially within the Gornji Grad - Medveščak city district, constituting the former "August Cesarec" commune (abolished in 1994). According to the 2001 Croatian census, the street has 1,591 inhabitants.
History.
Centuries before the today's street emerged, the route of Tkalčićeva Street was covered by the Medveščak creek. Medveščak (at that time also called Crikvenik or Cirkvenik) had been the center of Zagreb industry since the early days of the city, spawning numerous watermills. The watermills caused the development of Zagreb industry, leading in turn to the construction of Zagreb's first cloth, soap, paper and liquor factories and, later, animal skin industry. The watermills were often the subject of feuds between the twin cities, Kaptol and Gradec. A 1392 peace treaty forbade construction of new watermills along the shared city border, between today's southern end of Medvedgradska Street and Ban Jelačić Square, leaving only two mills within the city. Both mills were owned by a Cistercian monastery. However, they were both razed during the 1898 covering of the creek.
Although both sides of the creek had been inhabited before, the 1898 covering left a full-scale street, which was aptly named Ulica Potok (). Most of the houses were dated to 18th or 19th century and the street was surfaced with gravel from Sava River excavated in Trnje. Around the middle of the 20th century it was modernized and paved with asphalt. The creek-based industry was quickly transformed into small businesses and stores and the skin industry stopped working in 1938. According to several records, the transformation of Medveščak creek valley was orchestrated in 1900 by Milan Lenucci, a well-known architect. In 1908, Viktor Kovačić also displayed some of his ideas about Ulica Potok in his studies of Gornji Grad, Kaptol and other city neighborhoods. In 1913, Ulica Potok's name is changed to Tkalčićeva Street in honor of the 19th century Zagreb historian Ivan Tkalčić, who originated from the nearby Nova Ves.

</doc>
<doc id="20480542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480542" title="Andrey Krasnov">
Andrey Krasnov

Andrey Krasnov (born 6 July 1981) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who plays for Dordoi-Dynamo Naryn. He is a member of the Kyrgyzstan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20480547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480547" title="Enipeas (Thessaly)">
Enipeas (Thessaly)

The Enipeas () is a river in central Greece, tributary of the Pineios. Its source is in the northern part of Phthiotis, near Domokos. It flows generally northwest, through Thessaly. It flows through Farsala and Fyllo, and flows into the Pineios near Farkadona.

</doc>
<doc id="20480550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480550" title="Audi R15 TDI">
Audi R15 TDI

The Audi R15 TDI, commonly abbreviated to the R15, is a Le Mans Prototype (LMP) racing car constructed by the German car manufacturer Audi AG. It is the successor to the Audi R10 TDI.
Like its predecessor, the R15 TDI uses a turbocharged diesel engine, although the R15's V10 engine is physically smaller than the R10's V12. The smaller engine is pushed further toward the middle of the car than in the R10, resulting in a more neutral weight balance that gives the car better agility around the corners than its predecessor.
History.
2009.
The car was tested for the first time in December 2008, before its official unveiling and competition debut at the 2009 12 Hours of Sebring race, 21 March 2009. Three R15 TDIs participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans in June 2009, under the control of Joest Racing. Audi did not defend their American Le Mans Series, or Le Mans Series titles with the R15 TDI.
The R15 made its competition debut at the 2009 12 Hours of Sebring in March 2009, and followed this event at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in June. The R15 got off to a perfect start by winning the 12 Hours of Sebring, setting a new race record in the process, but then lost in its second entry. Peugeot, its rival, with its 908 HDi FAP, took the top two spots in the 24-hour race, ending Audi's five-win streak that lasted back to 2004 with the gasoline-powered R8.
The R15 TDI features a Turbocharged Direct Injection (TDI) turbodiesel V10 engine, rated at over and torque. The electrical system uses a lithium-ion battery, a first for Audi sports prototypes, as well as LED headlights, and a unique system of LED rear lights that are mounted on the rear wing endplate.
In the week running up to the 2009 24 Hours of Le Mans, rivals Peugeot lodged a protest against the R15, claiming that its bodywork did not comply with regulations stating that parts of the bodywork cannot be fitted with the sole purpose of generating downforce. However, after the Wednesday free practice session, the ACO rejected Peugeot's protest. At the 2009 Le Mans, Audi was unable to continue its winning streak that dated back to 2004. The #3 R15 ran off at Indianapolis corner, and the #2, driven by Luhr, crashed and retired. In the evening, the #1 Audi lost a lap to the leading Peugeot which was faster, and further technical issues dropped it a full 7 laps down the order. The sole surviving Audi clinched a podium finish, finishing in third place.
Audi announced on August 25, 2009 that two R15s would race at the 2009 Petit Le Mans. Both Audis led for approximately 90% of the race but a late spin during the final rain-soaked caution handed the victory to one of the Peugeot 908 HDi FAPs entered by Team Peugeot Total. This loss was Audi's first since competing in Petit Le Mans since their initial attempt at Road Atlanta back in 2000.
R15 TDI Plus (2010).
In response to losing the 24 Hours of Le Mans and the Petit Le Mans to the Peugeot 908s, Audi updated their R15 for the 2010 season, creating the R15 plus. 2010 Regulations reduced the size of diesel LMP1 air restrictors and turbocharger boost pressure. However, despite this Audi's engineering team led by Ulrich Baretzky were able to achieve engine power and performance that was comparable to the 2009 powerplant. Aerodynamic efficiency was also a major area of focus for 2010. The frontal area of the car was redesigned to reveal the raw crash structures. The front fenders were also lowered in an effort to reduce drag while the concept of air running through the car was abandoned for a more conventional design. The air channel that exited to the side of the car was redesigned resulting in a more conventional configuration, and a new headlight concept was introduced. Audi stated that they had improved the fuel tank and cooling system as well.
Racing history.
The new vehicle was a success at the 2010 8 Hours of Le Castellet, winning 5 laps ahead of the next competitor Aston Martin. The Oreca Peugeot, which was supposedly its rival, dropped a full 8 laps down the order because of the airjacks failed to come off. Audi continue to go flat out and in the end finished 10 laps ahead of the Peugeot. Audi had now been able to achieve both the speed and reliability combination that they considered sufficient to match the Peugeot challenge for Le Mans. A full squad of 3 cars was entered for the next race which was the 2010 Spa 1000 km, finishing 3rd (#7, behind the two Peugeots - #3 took 1st, #2 took 2nd), 5th (#9) and 12th (#8) respectively. Audi treated the race as a setup exercise for car configuration at Spa that would then be used for the 2010 24 Hours of Le Mans.
The 2010 24 Hours of Le Mans race got off to a tightly contested start with Peugeot occupying the top spots (as they did for qualifying) and for a large part of the race. However, it was apparent throughout the race that Audi were unable to match the pace with the Peugeots, but were working according to a different race strategy. By pushing the French manufacturer to the limit, three of the Peugeot cars experienced engine problems due to connecting rod failure towards the latter part of the race. With engine troubles for three of the Peugeots that forced the cars to retire before the end of the race, and an early exit by the #3 due to a suspension failure, the three Audis would finish 1-2-3 (the #9 took 1st, #8 took 2nd and #7 took 3rd), with all cars exceeding the previous distance record of set in the 1971 race by Dr Helmut Marko and Gijs Van Lennep: the winning #9 car, led by Mike Rockenfeller and two Porsche factory drivers Timo Bernhard and Romain Dumas, set not only a record-tying number of laps around Le Mans of 397 laps, but eclipsed the distance record outright at a distance of .
Post-Le Mans Audi did not collect any more victories and lost all 3 remaining races to the Peugeot 908, which happened to be part of the ILMC championship. Audi fielded 2 cars into the Silverstone 1000 km but the #7 crashed and retired. The sole remaining #8 finished 3rd. At Petit Le Mans 2 cars were entered but both lost to a Peugeot 1-2 victory. At the R15's last race, 2 cars were entered into the Zhuhai 1000 km. Both cars were leading the 908s by 30 seconds after Sebastian Bourdais make contact with a GT2 Porsche. A late safety car session saw the Audi's lead shrink to 13 seconds. Afterwards a controversial team-work by Peugeot saw the #1 908 slowed down the #7 Audi enough to let the #2 Peugeot come out of the pits just 2 seconds ahead. The race ended with Peugeot #2 winning 4 seconds ahead of the Audi. Audi did not win the LMP1 Le Mans Series team championship nor the ILMC LMP1 championship.
The R15's final race was at the 2011 Sebring 12 Hours. Both cars ran in 2010 configuration with new restrictors. The #1 Audi finished 5th overall after 2 consecutive tyre punctures and rear bodywork damage in the hands of Mike Rockenfeller. Later in the race the #1 had to serve a penalty for speeding in pitlane. The #2 ran at the front exchanging the lead with Peugeot until a shunt by one of the Peugeots at turn 17 put Capello out of contention with a suspension failure. The #2 finished 4th overall, albeit 5 laps down from the winning Oreca Peugeot.
Throughout its career the R15 won 3 of the 10 races it entered; Sebring in 2009, Paul Ricard and Le Mans in 2010.
Replacement.
With a change in Le Mans Prototype engine regulations planned for 2011 Audi is working on a successor to the R15 TDI, known as the R18. In interview with Autosport Magazine, the head of Audi's Motorsport programme Doctor Wolfgang Ullrich stated that the R18 will be a closed roof coupe similar to the 908, however Ullrich did not state the car would be a hybrid or what fuel it will be running on. What he did state however is that one of the advantages of an open-top prototype has been lost with the recent regulation changes: open-top prototypes often shorten pit times compared to closed coupes; however with pit times slowed down due to new rules requiring only one man with one airgun in the pits, the advantage has been negated. The R18 would be Audi's first-ever coupe since the failed Audi R8C in ; the Bentley Speed 8 (which won in with Audi-developed engines) were also closed prototypes. Along with the Peugeot 908 HDi FAP (replaced with a new generation 908), the R15 TDI will be replaced; however, due to developmental reasons, the R15 TDI made its final run at the 2011 12 Hours of Sebring under the R15++ configuration, where contact with other cars took them out of contention.

</doc>
<doc id="20480553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480553" title="Faridkot, Khanewal">
Faridkot, Khanewal

Faridkot is a small village in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 30°16'30N 71°57'30E with an altitude of 129 metres and lies to the south-west of the district capital - Khanewal.
The village gained temporary notoriety for allegedly being the hometown of "Azam Amir Kasav", one of the terrorists involved in the Mumbai attacks of 2008. However, it turned out that this person's real name is Mohammad Ajmal Amir, and that Ajmal Amir is from a different village with the same name, Faridkot in the tehsil of Dipalpur, about 170 km to the north-east of Faridkot near Khanewal.
References.
http://wikimapia.org/#lat=30.2741158&lon=71.9552994&z=15&l=0&m=a&v=2

</doc>
<doc id="20480562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480562" title="John Kennedy (English footballer)">
John Kennedy (English footballer)

John Kennedy (born 19 August 1978) is a semi-professional footballer who currently plays for Bury Town.
Kennedy began his career at Ipswich Town, where he made eight league appearances, before being twice loaned to Morecambe. After being released by Ipswich in 1999, he signed for Canvey Island, and later Histon, before going on to sign for Cambridge City. At the end of the 2010-11 season he signed for Bury Town.

</doc>
<doc id="20480565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480565" title="Harvey Veniot">
Harvey Veniot

Harvey Alfred Veniot (November 18, 1915 – October 2, 2009) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Pictou West in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1956 to 1974 as a Progressive Conservative member.
He was born in Pictou, Nova Scotia, the son of Alexander R. Veniot and Gladys Maclean, and was educated at Pictou Academy, Saint Francis Xavier University, Dalhousie Law School and the University of Saskatchewan. He was called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1940. Veniot married Rhoda Marion MacLeod in 1942. He was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1953. In 1960, he was named Queen's Counsel. Veniot was Speaker of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1961 to 1968. He served in the province's Executive Council as Minister of Agriculture in 1968 and Minister of Municipal Affairs in 1969. He was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1974 and returned to the practice of law. In 1979, he was named judge in the Provincial Court of Nova Scotia. At one time, Veniot served as solicitor for the town of Pictou.
The Harvey A. Veniot Causeway at Pictou was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20480595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480595" title="Irene Komnene Doukaina">
Irene Komnene Doukaina

Irene Komnene Doukaina or Eirene Komnene Doukaina (, ) was a Greek princess and the third wife of tsar Ivan Asen II of Bulgaria. She was the mother of tsar Michael Asen I of Bulgaria.
Irene was daughter of "despotēs" Theodore Komnenos Doukas, ruler of Epirus, and Maria Petraliphaina (sister of the "sebastokratōr" John Petraliphas). In 1230 Irene and her family were captured by the troops of tsar Ivan Asen II of Bulgaria in the battle of Klokotnitsa and they were taken in Tarnovo, where Irene grew up in the Palace. Irene became known for her beauty and the widowed tsar fell in love with her. They married in 1237. According to a Byzantine author, Ivan Asen II loved Irene "no less than Antony loved Cleopatra", and she may have been his mistress for some years before their marriage in 1237. By marrying Irene, Ivan Asen II would have broken church canons, as his daughter, Maria Asanina Komnena, from his marriage to Anna (Anisia) was married to Irene's uncle, Manuel of Thessalonica. There is moot evidence that the Bulgarian church opposed the marriage and that a patriarch (called either Spiridon or Visarion) was deposed or executed by the irate tsar.
Irene and Ivan Asen II had three children:
In 1241 Ivan Asen II died and he was succeeded by Kaliman I of Bulgaria, his son by his second wife Anna Maria of Hungary. Kaliman I was poisoned in 1246 and the throne went to Michael Asen I, the son of Irene. According to one theory Irene poisoned her stepson in order to secure the throne for Michael II. It is assumed that Irene took over the government as tsarina-regent because her son was still a child when he ascended the throne, but there is little evidence to prove this hypothesis.
Irene retired to a monastery under the monastic name Xenia. She was expelled from Bulgaria after the death of her son in 1256 and spent the rest of her life in her family's land around Thesalonika.

</doc>
<doc id="20480609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480609" title="Creole (markup)">
Creole (markup)

Creole is a lightweight markup language, aimed at being a common markup language for wikis, enabling and simplifying the transfer of content between different wiki engines. The idea was conceived during a workshop at the 2007 International Symposium on Wikis. An EBNF grammar and XML interchange format for Creole have also been published. Creole was designed by comparing major wiki engines and using the most common markup for a particular wikitext element. If no commonality was found, the wikitext of the dominant wiki engine MediaWiki was usually chosen.
On July 4, 2007, the version 1.0 (final) of Creole was released, and a two-year development freeze was implemented to allow time for authors of wiki engines to adopt the new markup. Although development to the standard itself is frozen, discussion in the developer community regarding good practices in wiki markup design and about possible additions and changes for future Creole versions continues.
As of 2012, adoption of Creole is limited. Many wiki systems offer it as an option, but few use it by default and few wiki websites enable this optional feature.
Creole syntax examples.
Emphasized text:
Lists:
Links:
Headings: (closing equals signs are optional)
Linebreaks:
Horizontal Line:
Images:
Tables:
No markup:
Support in engines.
As of early 2011, wiki engines that have implemented full or partial support for Creole include Liferay, Djiki, DokuWiki, Ikiwiki, MoinMoin, Oddmuse, PhpWiki, PmWiki, TiddlyWiki, and XWiki. However, Creole is not necessarily the default syntax in these wiki engines.
Creole 1.0 is the default syntax in Bitbucket wikis, which also support some Creole 1.0 additions.

</doc>
<doc id="20480643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480643" title="Samuel Miller House">
Samuel Miller House

The Samuel Miller House is a historic home located at Lynchburg, Virginia, United States. It is associated with Samuel Miller (1792-1869), a successful businessman and investor who was among the wealthiest men in the South during the years preceding the American Civil War. It is a large frame house erected between 1826 and 1829, and expanded and modified numerous times through the 20th century. Outbuildings consist of a cottage, stable, woodshed, and garage. The surrounding property was contested terrain during the siege of Lynchburg (June 1864), when a cavalry skirmish occurred on the property.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20480644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480644" title="Weld River">
Weld River

Weld River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia.
The river rises below Mount Burnside in the Lake Muir State forest. The river flows in a southerly direction through the Shannon National Park until it flows into the Deep River, of which it is a tributary.
The water quality of the river is excellent and is considered fresh.

</doc>
<doc id="20480665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480665" title="Felix Schoft">
Felix Schoft

Felix Schoft (born 6 July 1990) is a German ski jumper.
In the World Cup he finished once among the top 20, with a seventeenth place from Pragelato in December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20480681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480681" title="Stealth Play">
Stealth Play

Stealth Play is a tactic used in the Volvo Ocean Race that allows a crew to hide its position from its competitors for a period of 12 hours. It is designed to add an intriguing tactical dimension to the race, whereby a team might opt to make a break from the fleet without the rest of the competitors knowing what they are doing and where they are on the race track. The ploy can first be used on leg one from Alicante to Cape Town and then on leg two (Cape Town to Kochi), leg five (Qingdao to Rio de Janeiro), leg six (Rio to Boston) and leg seven (Boston to Galway). If it is not used on one leg, it cannot be accumulated for use on a following leg.

</doc>
<doc id="20480695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480695" title="Leiti Kannukene">
Leiti Kannukene

Leiti Kannukene (July 6, 1939-) is an Estonian botanist.

</doc>
<doc id="20480735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480735" title="Divarata">
Divarata

Divarata is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Pylaros, northern Cephalonia, Greece. It is 5 km northwest of Agia Effimia, 5 km south of Asos and 18 km northeast of Argostoli. The road down to the famous Myrtos Beach originates at the village. The community consists of the villages Divarata, Antypata and Loukata. 

</doc>
<doc id="20480789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480789" title="Toomas Kukk">
Toomas Kukk

Toomas Kukk (June 11, 1971) is an Estonian botanist. He was born in Tallinn.
He has been associated with the Estonian Institute of Zoology and Botany in Estonia since 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20480817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480817" title="Matilda of England (disambiguation)">
Matilda of England (disambiguation)

Matilda of England usually refers to the Empress Matilda (1102 – 1167), daughter and dispossessed heiress of Henry I.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20480826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480826" title="Wellington Channel">
Wellington Channel

The Wellington Channel () (not to be confused with Wellington Strait) is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut. It runs north/south, separating Cornwallis Island and Devon Island. In 1845 Sir John Franklin wintered at Beechey Island at its southeast end. In 1850 2 ships were caught in the ice. In the spring of 1851 it was explored by William Penny who went by sledge to the northwest tip of Devon Island. Edward Belcher explored it in 1852.

</doc>
<doc id="20480829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480829" title="2,5-Furandicarboxylic acid">
2,5-Furandicarboxylic acid

2,5-Furandicarboxylic acid (FDCA), also known as "dehydromucic acid", is an oxidized furan derivative. This organic compound was first obtained by Fittig and Heinzelmann in 1876. The first review by Henry Hill was already published in 1901. FDCA has also been detected in human urine. A healthy human produces 3–5 mg/day. Numerous studies were undertaken to establish the metabolism of this compound and to determine the quantity, which is produced depending on the healthiness of the human. It was demonstrated that the individual quantity of produced FDCA increased after the injection of fructose. FDCA was also detected in blood plasma. FDCA was more than 125 years later identified by the US Department of Energy as one of 12 priority chemicals for establishing the “green” chemistry industry of the future. Furan-2,5-dicarboxylic acid (FDCA) has been suggested as an important renewable building block because it can substitute for terephthalic acid (PTA) in the production of polyesters and other current polymers containing an aromatic moiety. Avantium has announced plans to produce 40 ton/year of FDCA monomer at a pilot plant in the second half of 2011.
Synthesis of FDCA.
Methods for the synthesis of the FDCA may be divided into four groups:
Dehydration of hexose derivatives.
First group is based on the acid-promoted triple dehydration of aldaric (mucic) acids. This reaction requires severe conditions (highly concentrated acids, temp > 120 °C, React time > 20h) and all the methods were non-selective with yields < 50%. The process has also been patented by the French company Agro Industrie Recherches et Developements.
Catalytic conversions of various furan derivatives.
The third class includes reactions describing the synthesis of FDCA from furfural. Furfural can be oxidized to 2-furoic acid with nitric acid and the latter was subsequently converted to its methyl ester. The ester was then converted via chloromethylation at position 5 to give 5-chloromethylfuroate. The latter was oxidized with nitric acid to form dimethyl 2,5-furandicarboxylate, which, after the alkaline hydrolysis gave FDCA in 50% yield. Andrisano reported that potassium 2-furoate, when heated up to 300 °C in a nitrogen atmosphere, underwent decarboxylation to furan with simultaneous carboxylation at position 5 to di-potassium 2,5-furandicarboxylate.
Biological conversion of HMF.
Recently, the enzyme furfural/HMF oxidoreductase was isolated from the bacterium "Cupriavidus basilensis" HMF14. This enzyme is able to convert HMF to FDCA using molecular oxygen. A "Pseudomonas putida" strain that was genetically engineered to express this enzyme can completely and selectively convert HMF to FDCA. This biocatalysis is performed in water, at ambient temperature and pressure, without toxic or polluting chemicals, making it very environmentally friendly.
History.
In 1876 Fitting and Heinzelman synthesized FDCA from mucic acid using concentrated hydrobromic acid. The first review by Henry Hill was already published in 1901.
Applications.
The most important group of FDCA conversions is undoubtedly the polymerization. The potential applications of furan based building blocks for polymer applications has been extensively reviewed by Gandini. Examples of polyesters, polyamides and polyurethanes have been described in literature. The company Avantium claims to have developed a cost effective route to produce FDCA and the derived polyesters via so-called YXY Building Blocks. FDCA has also been applied in pharmacology. It was demonstrated that its diethyl ester had a strong anaesthetic action similar to cocaine. Dicalcium 2,5-furandicarboxylate was shown to inhibit the growth of "Baccillus megatorium". Screening studies on FDCA-derived anilides showed their important anti-bacterial action. The diacid itself is a strong complexing agent, chelating such ions as: Ca2+, Cu2+ and Pb2+, it is utilized in medicine to remove kidney stones. Interestingly, HMF is metabolized via FDCA in mammals including humans. A very diluted solution of FDCA in tetrahydrofuran is utilized for preparing artificial veins for transplantation. At the beginning of this chapter, it was mentioned that FDCA is a chemically stable compound. This property has been well benefited in industry – FDCA as most of polycarboxylic acids can be an ingredient of fire foams. Such foams help to extinguish fires in a short time caused by polar and non-polar solvents.
Technical barriers.
The primary technical barrier in the production and use of FDCA is the development of an effective and selective dehydration process from sugars. The control of sugar dehydration could be a very powerful technology, leading to a wide range of additional, inexpensive building blocks, but it is not yet well understood. Currently, dehydration processes using hydroxymethylfurfural (HMF) as intermediate are generally non-selective, unless, immediately upon their formation, the unstable intermediate products can be transformed into more stable materials such as methoxymethylfurfural (MMF). Necessary R&D will include development of selective dehydration systems and catalysts. FDCA formation will require development of cost effective and industrially viable oxidation technology that can operate in concert with the necessary dehydration processes.

</doc>
<doc id="20480835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480835" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1950–1951">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1950–1951

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1950 to 1951. 18 of its members (3 for each state) were elected at the 28 September 1946 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1947 and due to finish on 30 June 1953 The Senate was expanded from 36 to 60 members on 22 February 1950. 42 members were elected at the 10 December 1949 election, 12 (two for each state) had terms starting on 22 February 1950 and finishing on 30 June 1953, another 12 had terms starting on 22 February 1950 and finishing on 30 June 1956. The remaining 18 were re-elected or replaced the 18 Senators elected at the 21 August 1943 election 1 July 1950 and due to finish on 30 June 1956. In fact, the Senate was dissolved for the 1951 election, which was a double dissolution.

</doc>
<doc id="20480840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480840" title="Gobindsar">
Gobindsar

Gobindsar is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°16'0N 73°10'0E with an altitude of 171 metres (564 feet) and lies near to the city of Lahore. Neighbouring settlements include Singh Khalsa and Kot Guraya.

</doc>
<doc id="20480847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480847" title="Hydraulic recoil mechanism">
Hydraulic recoil mechanism

A Hydraulic recoil mechanism is a way of hindering recoil and adding to the accuracy and firepower of the artillery piece.
The usual recoil system in modern quick-firing guns is the hydro-pneumatic recoil system. In this system, the barrel is mounted on rails on which it can recoil to the rear, and the recoil is taken up by a cylinder which is similar in operation to an automotive gas-charged shock absorber, and is commonly visible as a cylinder mounted parallel to the barrel of the gun, but shorter and smaller than it. The cylinder contains a charge of compressed air, as well as hydraulic oil; in operation, the barrel's energy is taken up in compressing the air as the barrel recoils backward, then is dissipated via hydraulic damping as the barrel returns forward to the firing position. The recoil impulse is thus spread out over the time in which the barrel is compressing the air, rather than over the much narrower interval of time when the projectile is being fired. This greatly reduces the peak force conveyed to the mount (or to the ground on which the gun has been emplaced).

</doc>
<doc id="20480850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480850" title="Eric Balcom">
Eric Balcom

Eric Wilfred Balcom, (1910, Port Dufferin, Nova Scotia – May 31, 1989) was a businessman, political figure, and Companion of the Order of Canada.
Born in Port Dufferin, Halifax County, Nova Scotia, Balcom moved to Wolfville in 1938. He established two nursing homes there. Balcom then operated the Paramount Hotel and Cottages from 1942 to 1970. He was Mayor of Wolfville from 1950 to 1955 and ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the Parliament in 1953.
Balcom was elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly in 1956, representing Kings North as a Liberal. He re-offered in the 1960 general election, but was defeated.
Balcom was president of the Atlantic School of Theology, the Nova Scotia Kidney Association, the Canadian Mental Health Association, and the Wolfville Board of Trade.
Balcom returned to Port Dufferin in 1970. He was appointed to the Order of Canada on June 20, 1983.
In 1989, Balcom died as a result of a car accident.

</doc>
<doc id="20480857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480857" title="Kot Guraya">
Kot Guraya

Kot Guraya is a town in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°15'0N 73°8'0E, at an altitude of 168 metres (554 feet) and lies near to the city of Lahore. Neighbouring settlements include Singh Khalsa and Gobindsar.

</doc>
<doc id="20480860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480860" title="Liddon Gulf">
Liddon Gulf

The Liddon Gulf () is a large inlet on the south-west side of Melville Island, Northwest Territories, Canada. It joins the M'Clure Strait to the south-west.

</doc>
<doc id="20480862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480862" title="Army Correspondence Course Program">
Army Correspondence Course Program

The Army Correspondence Course Program (ACCP), is a type of distance education and the formal nonresident extension of the United States Army Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC) service schools' curriculum.
Overview.
DA Pamphlet 351-20, The Army Correspondence Course Program Catalog, is an Army publication. The catalog lists all correspondence courses developed and administered by the Army and select Department of Defense activities. The Army Institute for Professional Development (AIPD) publishes a yearly revision of the catalog each October to update the ACCP curriculum and any procedural changes to the program. The entire ACCP curriculum and an electronic enrollment form are also listed at the Army Training Support Center’s Web site. The ACCP Catalog offers two types of study: individual and group.
AIPD's automated student record system limits students to one course enrollment, or to one course enrollment and a subcourse enrollment, at any one time. But, this limitation applies only to the courses and subcourses administered by AIPD. Each subcourse is awarded a specific number of credit hours, noted in ACCP Catalog Chapter 3 at the individual subcourse descriptions and usually included on the title page of a subcourse. The number of credit hours for any given subcourse is based on the estimated time required for a student to read the material and complete all practice exercises and the examination.
There are several Army e Learning programs, a few of which are:
eArmyU – which allows you to take college classes in your off-duty time and can ably assist you in preparing for a future non-military job.
DANTES – which stands for Defense Activity for Non-Traditional Education Support and it provides personnel with educational opportunities that are both practical and compatible with life in the military. This form of long distance learning is an innovative way to keep deployed troops alert, informed, and entertained by implementing satellite, video, and now even Podcast courses.http://army-e-learning.net/

</doc>
<doc id="20480867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480867" title="Control event rate">
Control event rate

In epidemiology and biostatistics, the control event rate (CER) is a measure of how often a particular statistical event (such as response to a drug, adverse event or death) occurs within the scientific control group of an experiment.
This value is very useful in determining the therapeutic benefit or risk to patients in experimental groups, in comparison to patients in placebo or traditionally treated control groups.
Three statistical terms rely on CER for their calculation: Absolute risk reduction, Relative risk reduction and Number needed to treat.
Worked example.
In a trial of hypothetical drug "X" where we are measuring event "Z", we have two groups. Our control group (25 people) is given a placebo, and the experimental group (25 people) is given drug "X".
Event "Z" in control group : 4 in 25 people
Control Event Rate : 4/25
Event "Z" in experimental group : 12 in 25 people
Experimental Event Rate : 12/25
Another worked example is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20480892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480892" title="Herbert Franke (sinologist)">
Herbert Franke (sinologist)

Herbert Franke (27 September 1914 – 10 June 2011) was a German historian of China. He is particularly known for his works on the history of the Jurchen (Jin) and Mongol (Yuan) Empires in China.
After the end of WWII, Herbert Franke, along with Wolfgang Bauer, was instrumental in establishing the Sinological Section in the University of Munich. Later, he succeeded Erich Haenisch as the head of the Sinology Department at that university.
He is one of the authors of volume 6 of "The Cambridge History of China" dealing with history of China under the Khitan, Jurchen and Mongol regimes.

</doc>
<doc id="20480897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480897" title="Khushipur">
Khushipur

Khushipur is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°16'0N 73°9'0E with an altitude of 170 metres (561 feet) and lies near to the city of Lahore. Neighbouring settlements include Singh Khalsa and Kot Guraya to the south, Gobindsar to the east and Miranpur to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20480898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480898" title="Hey Girl (Freddie Scott song)">
Hey Girl (Freddie Scott song)

"Hey Girl" is a song written by Gerry Goffin and Carole King, first recorded by Freddie Scott in 1963. It became a hit, peaking at number ten on both the Billboard Pop Singles and R&B charts. In 1966, the Righteous Brothers covered this song on their "Soul & Inspiration" album from Verve Records. In 1972, the song was covered by Donny Osmond, who is well known for his chart-topping interpretation of another Goffin/King composition "Go Away Little Girl". Osmond's version reached number nine on the Hot 100, one higher than Scott's original recording.
Other versions.
Aside from the above mentioned cover versions, "Hey Girl" has been remade by many artists.

</doc>
<doc id="20480900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480900" title="Jim Joe Edwards">
Jim Joe Edwards

James Corbette Edwards ["Little Joe"] (December 14, 1894 – January 19, 1965) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for different teams between the and seasons. Listed at , 185 lb., Edwards batted right-handed and threw left-handed. He attended Mississippi College.
A native of Banner, Mississippi, Edwards entered the majors in 1922 with the Cleveland Indians, playing for them through the 1925 midseason before joining the Chicago White Sox (1925–1926) and Cincinnati Reds (1928). His most productive season came in 1923, when he posted career-highs in wins (10), strikeouts (68), earned run average (3.98) and innings pitched (179.0). 
In a six-season career, Edwards posted a 26–37 record with 211 strikeouts and a 4.37 ERA in 145 appearances, including 59 starts, 23 complete games, six shutouts, four saves, and 584 ⅓ innings of work. 
Edwards died in Sarepta, Mississippi, at the age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="20480907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480907" title="Miller-Claytor House">
Miller-Claytor House

Miller-Claytor House is a historic home located at Riverside Park in Lynchburg, Virginia. It is a two-story, white framed structure, sheathed with beaded weatherboards. It is believed to be the fourth house erected in the new town in 1791, and is probably the oldest extant Lynchburg dwelling. In 1936, the imminent demolition of the house led to the formation of the Lynchburg Historical Society and the subsequent removal of the house to its present site.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20480923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480923" title="Experimental event rate">
Experimental event rate

In epidemiology and biostatistics, the experimental event rate (EER) is a measure of how often a particular statistical event (such as response to a drug, adverse event or death) occurs within the experimental group (non-control group) of an experiment.
This value is very useful in determining the therapeutic benefit or risk to patients in experimental groups, in comparison to patients in placebo or traditionally treated control groups.
Three statistical terms rely on EER for their calculation: absolute risk reduction, relative risk reduction and number needed to treat.
Worked example.
In a trial of hypothetical drug "X" where we are measuring event "Z", we have two groups. Our control group (25 people) is given a placebo, and the experimental group (25 people) is given drug "X".
Event "Z" in control group : 4 in 25 people
Control event rate : 4/25
Event "Z" in experimental group : 12 in 25 people
Experimental event rate : 12/25
Another worked example is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20480926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480926" title="Miranpur, Punjab">
Miranpur, Punjab

Miranpur is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°17'0N 73°7'0E with an altitude of 172 metres (567 feet) and lies near to the city of Lahore. Neighbouring settlements include Kot Guraya to the south, Khushipur to the east and Bilochwala to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20480965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480965" title="Ülle Kukk">
Ülle Kukk

Ülle Kukk (born 18 November 1937 in Tartu) is an Estonian botanist and conservationist.
Education and Career.
She was born in Tartu and graduated from the University of Tartu in 1960. 1960–1962 she continued to work in the university and also in the Institute of Experimental Biology of the Academy of Sciences of the Estonian SSR.
From 1965 to 1975 she worked as a member of the research staff at the Tallinn Botanic Garden. From 1976-1996 she worked for the Estonian Institute of Forestry, and since 1996, she has worked for in the Institute of the Environmental Protection of the Estonian University of Life Sciences.
Research.
Kukk's research has addressed Estonian protected plants and indigenous ornamental plants, and she has been engaged in the distribution of rare and protected plants, biology, monitoring and protection.
She is one of the founders and a board member of the Estonian Orchid Protection Club ().
Kukk is a member of the Berne Convention's Expert Group on flora, and she was a co-author of the "Estonian Red Book" established in 1998.
Personal.
She is married to botanist Erich Kukk.

</doc>
<doc id="20480987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480987" title="Hochstetterbugten">
Hochstetterbugten

Hochstetterbugten () is a broad bay in Greenland, between Hochstetter Foreland and Shannon Island to the north, Kuhn Island to the west, and Wollaston Foreland and the Pendulum Islands to the south. To the east, the bay opens to the Greenland Sea.
<br>The name is said to have been in use from 1929 by Danish hunters, and first appeared on the maps of the 1932 Gefion expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="20480995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20480995" title="Turkey at the 2008 World Women's Boxing Championship">
Turkey at the 2008 World Women's Boxing Championship

Turkey (listed as TUR) participated in the 5th AIBA Women’s World Boxing Championship held between November 22–29, 2008 at Ningbo Sports Center in Ningbo City, China.
With eleven women boxers participating, Turkey won two gold and two bronze medals. It ranked 2nd in the unofficial medal table after China.

</doc>
<doc id="20481009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481009" title="The Virgin Digital Sessions">
The Virgin Digital Sessions

The Virgin Digital Sessions was an internet-only EP release from the Hold Steady in early 2005. Versions of the album were distributed in the MP3 format by Amazon.com and SpiralFrog, among other online retailers. Alternate mixes of the first three tracks subsequently appeared in the "Separation Sunday" LP, with the notable exception of "212 Margarita".
Track listing.
All songs were written by Craig Finn.

</doc>
<doc id="20481011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481011" title="Valenzuela City Polytechnic College">
Valenzuela City Polytechnic College

Valenzuela City Polytechnic College "Val Poly" formerly Valenzuela Manpower, is a Philippines technical college of the Valenzuela City founded in 1996 by Edison Nalo. It is located in Parada, Valenzuela City, Metro Manila.

</doc>
<doc id="20481033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481033" title="Tiiu Kull">
Tiiu Kull

More recently Kull's research has seen her examine the irregularity of temporal patterns in perennial herbs as a phenomenon of intermodular interactions.

</doc>
<doc id="20481048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481048" title="Mount Labo">
Mount Labo

Mount Labo, is a potentially active stratovolcano in the province of Camarines Norte, in Region V, on Luzon Island, in the Philippines. It is located at the northwest end of the Bicol Peninsular.
Physical features.
Labo is a forested 1544 metre high andesitic stratovolcano, surrounded by numerous andesitic to dacitic satellite lava domes. 
Labo has an elevation of 1544 metres asl.
Base diameter of this compound volcano is 35 kilometres. 
Labo is thermally activity with both warm and hot springs.
Economic activities.
Mount Labo has been the object of an extensive geothermal exploration program. 
Eruptions.
Mid-Pleistocene eruptions beginning about 580,000 years ago formed lava domes on the northern side of the complex. 
The present edifice was formed beginning about 270,000 years ago, and flank lava dome emplacement took place from about 200,000 to about 40,000 years ago. 
The latest activity from Mt Labo produced pyroclastic flows from the summit cone about 27,000 years ago. 
There have been no eruptions since.
Geology.
Rock type is predominantly hornblende-biotite andesite to dacite.
Tectonically, Labo it is part of the Bicol Volcanic belt.
Listings.
The Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanism Program lists Labo as Pleistocene - Hot Springs.
Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) lists Labo as Potentially Active.

</doc>
<doc id="20481065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481065" title="Lufthansa Italia">
Lufthansa Italia

Lufthansa Italia S.p.A was a wholly owned subsidiary of German airline Lufthansa based in Milan, Italy. Operations started on 2 February 2009 and ceased on 29 October 2011.
History.
On 28 April 2008 Lufthansa announced plans to commence intra-European flights out of Milan Malpensa Airport using 6 Embraer 195 aircraft from its subsidiary Air Dolomiti.
On 26 November 2008 the new brand Lufthansa Italia was formed instead of the originally planned Air Dolomiti operations. Operations started on 2 February 2009 using the larger Airbus A319 jetliner.
The new subsidiary was established to allow Lufthansa to better tap into the lucrative North Italian market that was all but abandoned by Alitalia during a series of cutbacks. The airline's on board cuisine was aimed towards the Italian market, with Italian foods and drinks. For example, in business class, Italian espresso was served.
Cease operations.
On 23 July 2011, Lufthansa reported in a press release that it would stop all Lufthansa Italia flights at the end of the IATA summer 2011 timetable (ending 29 October 2011). All the aircraft returned to Lufthansa.
The last scheduled flight of Lufthansa Italia was LH3627 on 29 October 2011, which landed at 16:35, coming from Palermo to Milan-Malpensa, which was flown on the Airbus A319-100 with the registration D-AKNJ.
Destinations.
The following cities were served by Lufthansa Italia prior to its shutdown on 29 October:
Fleet.
As of June 2013, the average age of Lufthansa Italia's aircraft was 14.7 years. The fleet was composed of the following:
Five of the airline's aircraft came from Lufthansa subsidiary Germanwings, and the other five came from Lufthansa's base at Munich. All aircraft were given names of Italian cities, such as 'Bologna' and 'Varese', and were painted in a modified Lufthansa livery. The aircraft retained their German registrations.
In 2010, the airline planned to replace one A319 with two Airbus A320, but this never occurred. Two of the five daily flights to London were operated by a BMI Airbus A321 in a 31/118 configuration.

</doc>
<doc id="20481091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481091" title="Inachos (river)">
Inachos (river)

The Inachos () is a river in the Peloponnese, southern Greece. Its source is in the mountains of western Argolis, near the village Kaparelli. It flows into the Aegean Sea in Nea Kios. The Inachos was named after Inachus, a mythical king of Argos, who introduced civilization to the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20481112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481112" title="Vertical slice">
Vertical slice

A vertical slice, sometimes abbreviated to VS, is a type of milestone, benchmark, or deadline, with emphasis on demonstrating progress across all components of a project . It could be considered a project management buzzword, and may have originated in the games industry.
The term 'vertical slice' refers to a cross-sectional slice through the layers that form the structure of the software code base. It is mostly used in Scrum terminology where the work is planned in terms of features (or stories). For example as a very basic approach, a software project may consist of three layers (or components): Data access layer (bottom), Business logic layer (middle) and User interface Layer (top). In this very common approach, a vertical slice means a bit of every layer. Again as an example, a new feature request like 'showing x information on main screen' would contain these work bits:
So a vertical slice can be defined as 'the sum of the work that has to be done in every layer that is involved in getting a specific feature working'. A vertical slice doesn't necessarily affect every component in the software. For example, if the solution contains a web service, it would live in the same 'floor' as the UI, and a feature like 'supporting login/logout in webservice' that involves only the web service doesn't require a change in the UI, but the business and database access layers.
Vertical User Stories.
Practically speaking when writing user stories and/or breaking down epics into user stories you must take into consideration the developers time. If your user story isn't a vertical user story the developer may not be able to complete the story in the committed to timeframe. Either way it makes everyone's life a lot easier to work from vertical user stories. The reason I write here about vertical user stories is because that is where it starts. The Product Owner and/or Product Analyst (BA) must write vertical user stories so that the team can develop and test vertical slices.
Writing Vertical User Stories.
Below is an example of a vertical user story. Notice the one action in the user story. Though you will develop many elements in this user story such as forgot password, remember me and the like, the main focus is that the end user must be able to log into the web portal in order to perform the functions of the end users job. Also, keep in mind that though the vertical user story may seem simple it in fact might not be. In this case the wireframe, UX/UI, vertical user story and acceptance criteria enables this vertical user story to be completed with a certain level of high confidence by the team.
As an end user I must be able to login to my company portal so that I can perform the functions of my job.
Dissected by Layer.
As a developer, you will need to think about every file encapsulated in each layer
that needs to be created and/or extended in order to complete this “Login User”
Story.

</doc>
<doc id="20481117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481117" title="Nippy Noya">
Nippy Noya

Nippy Noya (born 27 February 1946) is an Indonesian, Netherlands-based percussionist and songwriter, specialising in congas, kalimba, bongos, campana, güiro, cabasa, shek, caxixi, triangle and the berimbau.
History.
Son of Japanese Taiko drummer Fusao San Nakato, he was born on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi and came to Europe in 1968. He began his professional career as a conga player in Amsterdam with percussion-rock band Massada. He stayed with them from 1970-1975 and left afterwards to become an in-demand musician.
Artists he since played and recorded with include Peter Herbolzheimer, John McLaughlin, Jan Akkerman, Hellmut Hattler, Volker Kriegel, Earth and Fire, Stan Getz and Dick Morrissey. In addition he toured with Richard Tee, Eric Burdon, Billy Cobham, Miko Aleksic Chaka Khan, Peter Maffay, Udo Lindenberg, Gitte Haenning, John Hondorp and Herbert Grönemeyer. He also taught and performed with the young children of the Kelly Family.
Since 1992, he has been a professor at the Conservatory of Music in Enschede, Netherlands.
In 2001, Noya joined a Polish jazz/funky band The Globetrotters, consisting of vocalist Kuba Badach, vibrafonist Bernard Maseli, and saxophonist Jerzy Główczewski. The band has released several albums.
Throughout the years he occasionally guested with Massada and is now a full-time-member again. 

</doc>
<doc id="20481127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481127" title="Judo at the 1999 Summer Universiade">
Judo at the 1999 Summer Universiade

The Judo competition in the 1999 Summer Universiade were held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20481161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481161" title="Bilochwala">
Bilochwala

Bilochwala is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°17'0N 73°4'0E with an altitude of 171 metres (567 feet) and lies near to the city of Lahore. Neighbouring settlements include Bismillapur to the west and Miranpur, Punjab to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="20481182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481182" title="Liivia Laasimer">
Liivia Laasimer

Liivia-Maria Laaismer (June 21, 1918 - February 26, 1988) was an Estonian botanist. 
She was born in and died in Tartu. She was affiliated with the Estonian Institute of Zoology and Botany in Estonia under which she published numerous papers, and was also associated with the botanical institute in Lithuania and biological institute in Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="20481189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481189" title="Bismillapur">
Bismillapur

Bismillapur is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°17'0N 73°3'0E with an altitude of 168 metres (554 feet) and lies near to the city of Lahore. Neighbouring settlements include Bilochwala to the east and Rodasar to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="20481209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481209" title="Lafayette Escadrille (film)">
Lafayette Escadrille (film)

Lafayette Escadrille, also known as "C'est la Guerre, Hell Bent for Glory (UK) and With You in My Arms", is an American war film produced by Warner Brothers Pictures. The film starred Tab Hunter, David Janssen, Will Hutchins and Etchika Choureau and featured Clint Eastwood in an early supporting role. It was the final film in the career of director William A. Wellman and is based on his original story.
The plot of "Lafayette Escadrille" is not dissimilar to the 2006 film "Flyboys", which also tells the story of the Escadrille as background to an unrequited love story, while dealing with some of the lesser-known elements of the squadron's history.
Plot.
Thad Walker (Tab Hunter), a spoiled, rich kid from Boston, who had gotten in serious trouble with the law, fled to France to join the French Foreign Legion in World War I. In Paris, with companions, "Duke" Sinclair (David Janssen), Dave Putnam (Will Hutchins), Tom Hitchcock (Jody McCrea) and Bill Wellman (William Wellman Jr.), the boys stop at a bar and learn of the recent formation of the Lafayette Escadrille made up of American volunteer pilots who fly for France. The group of expatriates join up and learn to fly on training aircraft before becoming combat pilots.
While off duty, Walker meets and falls in love with Renée Beaulieu (Etchika Choureau), a common streetwalker with some sensitivity; she quits the oldest profession and takes a job, reforming for her American lover's sake. Walker's father beat him, and he resents any kind of authority. When a strutting, arrogant French officer (Marcel Dalio), irritated by the young man's inability to understand commands in French, strikes him, he knocks the officer to the ground, a very serious offense. Before he can be jailed, his pals smuggle Walker out of camp. He then spends a great deal of time hiding in Paris in his sweetheart's apartment. His friends continue with their training while Walker works for the Madam (Veola Vonn), hoping to make enough money to run away to South America with his girlfriend.
Later, the now veteran pilots he had befriended come to the bar and Walker realizes he still wants to redeem himself. Convincing an American general that he is sincere, when the United States enters the war, he joins the American Air Service. Walker finally is able to fly a mission with the Lafayette Escadrille, where he proves to be a superb fighter pilot. Returning to Paris, Walker asks his friends to join him as he weds Renée.
Cast.
As appearing in "Lafayette Escadrille", (main roles and screen credits given, as per credits order, with real-life Lafayette Escadrille and Lafayette Flying Corps pilots on which the characters were based, identified):
Production.
Relying on his own World War I service, Wellman wrote the original story, based on the actual exploits of a friend from the war years. Earning himself the nickname "Wild Bill", Wellman was first an ambulance driver in the Norton-Harjes Ambulance Corps, then joined the French Foreign Legion. On December 3, 1917, assigned as the first American fighter pilot to join N.87 "escadrille" in the Lafayette Flying Corps, Wellman went on to score three recorded "kills", along with five probables and to receive the Croix de Guerre with two palms. 
Although he considered "Lafayette Escadrille" a "personal project", the studio did not give Wellman the budget he demanded and continued to interfere with the project, to the extent that the decisions on starring roles, title, ending and other important aspects of the production were taken out of his hands. Warner also insisted Wellman make "Darby's Rangers" as a condition of financing "Lafayette Escadrille". 
The use of mocked-up Nieuport 28 and Thomas-Morse Scout fighters along with other period aircraft such as one real Fokker D.VII and the ubiquitous Travelair "Wichita Fokkers" were "lifted" from Wellman's earlier 1938 production, "Men with Wings". Principal photography took place primarily at the Hancock Santa Maria, California airport. Hollywood stunt pilot Paul Mantz, built a number of Blériot XI "Penguin" clipped-wing and full span training aircraft, used in the training sequences. 
Wellman's script was rewritten by Paul Fix. Shooting took place 19 October to 8 December 1956.
Reception.
In the original cut of the film Tab Hunter's character died at the end. However this was poorly received at previews and a new ending was shot in April-May 1957 where he lived.
While the aviation scenes in "Lafayette Escadrille" were well received (William Clothier filmed the spectacular aerial sequences, evocative of those he shot in Wellman's earlier silent classic "Wings"), critics said the film falls far short of the classic status of the 1928 Oscar winner. The flying sequences were not enough to overcome a mediocre story and flat acting, aspects roundly panned by critics. Howard Thompson, reviewer for "The New York Times" called it a "flapdoodle" in his blistering review. "Variety" echoed other reviews, noting, "What could have been an reasonably good actioneer ... has been badly marred by a flat predictability in plot, intrusion of an inept and, at times, ludicrously irrelevant romance and some quite dreadful dialog."
The "Lafayette Escadrille " was also totally disowned by those still alive who had flown as part of the fabled Lafayette Escadrille and the Lafayette Flying Corps, who were understandably upset at their portrayal, including Wellman who insisted that his producer's credit be removed. This was to be William Wellman's last directorial effort; it had started out to be a paean to his memories of the storied squadron, but ended up a target for insults, accusations and lawsuits, not the least of which were directed against Jack Warner and Warner Brothers Studios for their heavy-handed interference. The film was shelved for two years, partly because of the wrangling between the two Hollywood heavyweights and partly because of the influence of Hunter's later singing career, that necessitated a "pollyanna" ending grafted into the film. Wellman was "heartbroken" with his treatment at the hands of Jack L. Warner, and kept his word that "Lafayette Escadrille" would be his last film.

</doc>
<doc id="20481213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481213" title="Rodasar">
Rodasar

Rodasar is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°19'0N 73°4'0E with an altitude of 172 metres (567 feet) and lies near to the city of Lahore. Neighbouring settlements include Hari Singwala to the north and Bismillapur to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20481232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481232" title="Hari Singwala">
Hari Singwala

Hari Singwala is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°21'0N 73°3'0E with an altitude of 166 metres (547 feet) and lies near to the city of Lahore. Neighbouring settlements include Sahibnagar to the east and Pollard Kot to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="20481244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481244" title="Legendary Couple">
Legendary Couple

Legendary Couple, aka. "Story of a Robber" (我是一個賊; lit. "I Am a Robber") is a 1995 Hong Kong film directed by Peter Ngor.

</doc>
<doc id="20481263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481263" title="Sahibnagar">
Sahibnagar

Sahibnagar is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°21'0N 73°4'0E with an altitude of 167 metres (551 feet) and lies near to the city of Lahore. Neighbouring settlements include Hari Singwala to the west and Rodasar to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20481292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481292" title="Pollard Kot">
Pollard Kot

Pollard Kot is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°23'0N 73°1'0E with an altitude of 167 metres (551 feet) and lies near to the city of Lahore. Neighbouring settlements include Risalewala to the west, Rampur and Jamalpur to the north, Goughabad to the east and Aruri Nawan to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20481301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481301" title="Akitoshi Tamura">
Akitoshi Tamura

Akitoshi Tamura (born May 31, 1980) is a Japanese mixed martial artist. He competed almost exclusively in the Shooto organization, before making his debut at the WEC 37. In 2007, he was the lightweight champion of Shooto. He was once ranked as the #5 Bantamweight in the world by the MMAWeekly Worldwide Ranking System. Tamura is a freestyle fighter.
Mixed martial arts career.
Tamura made his professional debut in the Shooto organization in a fight against Eiji Murayama, in August 2001, and lost on a technical decision (he later returned to face Murayama in 2004, only for the match to end in a draw). He has made MMA headlines when he defeated Takeshi Inoue in 2007, which won him the title of Shooto lightweight champion. He has also participated in GCM and MARS events, achieving a TKO over Masaomi Saito in the former, and a first round submission over Ian Loveland in the latter.
Akitoshi Tamura made his WEC debut at WEC 37. Although Akitoshi had a reputation of being one of the world's best in his weight class, he lost to former IFL featherweight champion Wagnney Fabiano, for whom it was also his WEC debut. For his next fight, Tamura made his 135 lb. debut in the bantamweight division at WEC 40 against former world title challenger Manny Tapia. Tamura defeated Tapia by unanimous decision. He was scheduled to fight Damacio Page on October 10, 2009 at WEC 43, but pulled out with an undisclosed injury. He was replaced in the bout by WEC newcomer Will Campuzano.
Tamura was defeated by WEC veteran Charlie Valencia via split decision on January 10, 2010 at WEC 46.

</doc>
<doc id="20481322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481322" title="Bruno Maldaner">
Bruno Maldaner

Bruno Maldaner (August 4, 1924 – November 16, 2008) was a Brazilian Bishop for the Roman Catholic Church. 
Maldaner was ordained a Priest at the age of 26 and appointed Auxiliary Bishop of São Paulo, Brazil and Titular Bishop of Aquae in Mauretania on April 15, 1966. He was later appointed Bishop of Frederico Westphalen, Brazil on May 27, 1997. He retired in 2001. 
Maldaner died on November 16, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20481335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481335" title="Rampur, Punjab">
Rampur, Punjab

Rampur is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°24'0N 73°0'0E with an altitude of 169 metres (557 feet) and lies near to the city of Lahore. Neighbouring settlements include Narwala to the west, Awan Baluch to the north, Jamalpur to the east and Risalewala to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20481346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481346" title="Freie Waldorfschule Wetterau">
Freie Waldorfschule Wetterau

The Freie Waldorfschule Wetterau is a private Waldorf school located in Bad Nauheim, Germany.
The Freie Waldorfschule Wetterau is a general-education school starting with class 1, with an officially recognised senior high school until the Abitur in class 13 (diploma from German secondary school qualifying for university admission or matriculation). The school is based on the Waldorf education. Parents and teachers are the financiers of the school. Therefore the parents are highly integrated into all themes concerning the school. At this time (2008), the Freie Waldorfschule Wetterau has around 450 students taught by about 50 teachers.
During summer 2002 the Varieté AG was founded. Once a year they have a huge show. The very first performance was in July 2003.
Curriculum.
• The school specialises in music, all kinds of art, Eurhythmy and gardening.
• English and French starting with class 1.
• Several projects in lower grade classes like building a house or organic farming in the school's own garden.
• Choir and orchestra of junior high school and senior high school for all pupils.
• Various internships: 
- 9th class: Farming and business internship
- 10th class: surveying
- 11th class: social internship
- 12th class: art historical school trip
• Drama in 8th and 11th class
• Partnership between 1st and 9th class,
• Zirkus-AG (circus consortium) and Varieté-AG (AG=consortium)
Honours.
• 2001/2002: Umweltschule in Europa

</doc>
<doc id="20481350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481350" title="Teodor Lippmaa">
Teodor Lippmaa

Teodor Lippmaa (17 November 1892, Riga – 27 January 1943, Tartu) was a noted Estonian botanist. He was the president of the Estonian Naturalists' Society in 1939–1942.
There is a monument honoring him in Tartu where he lived for much of his life. It was erected in 1982.
Lippmaa is buried at the Rahumäe cemetery in Tallinn. He was the father of Endel Lippmaa, also a well-known scientist.

</doc>
<doc id="20481354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481354" title="Mitch Brown">
Mitch Brown

Mitch Brown, Mitchell Brown or Mitchel Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20481359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481359" title="The Skerries, Northern Ireland">
The Skerries, Northern Ireland

The Skerries are a small group of rocks just off Portrush on the north coast of Northern Ireland.
The temperature of the Skerries during the summer months is warmer than other parts of Northern Ireland, and so the rocks are home to particularly interesting fauna; it is the only place many southern species such as the cotton spinner sea cucumber "Holothuria forskali" are found in Northern Ireland. There are several protected habitats located around the Skerries, notably for seagrass ("Zostera marina") and horse mussel ("Modiolus modiolus"). In addition, recent surveys have found numbers of the spiny spider crab ("Maja brachydactyla"), which is new to Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20481362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481362" title="Paola Buonadonna">
Paola Buonadonna

Paola Buonadonna is an Italian journalist and reporter based in the United Kingdom. She is known for her reports on current affairs affecting the United Kingdom on the "Politics Show".
Early life.
Buonadonna was born in Naples, and raised in Genoa, Italy to Italian parents. She attended primary and secondary school in Genoa before finishing her education at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland.
Career.
After a spell as a newspaper reporter in Brussels, writing about the EU institution, she moved back to London to become a reporter on the BBC program The E-Files and has since worked for On the Record and for "Politics Show" where she currently reports on both domestic and European stories.

</doc>
<doc id="20481367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481367" title="HMS Mercury (1779)">
HMS Mercury (1779)

HMS "Mercury" was a 28-gun "Enterprise"-class sixth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy. She was built during the American War of Independence and serving during the later years of that conflict. She continued to serve during the years of peace and had an active career during the French Revolutionary and most of the Napoleonic Wars, until being broken up in 1814.
Construction and commissioning.
"Mercury" was ordered from Peter Mestaer, at the King and Queen Shipyard, Rotherhithe on the River Thames on 22 January 1778 and was laid down there on 25 March. She was launched on 9 December 1779 and was completed by 24 February 1780 after being fitted out at Deptford Dockyard. £6,805 7s 0d was paid to her builder for her construction, with the total including fitting and coppering subsequently rising to £13,603 8s 0d. "Mercury" entered service in 1780, having been commissioned in October 1779 under Captain Isaac Prescott.
American War of Independence and the interwar years.
Prescott sailed "Mercury" to Newfoundland in April 1780. On 23 July she returned from a cruise, having, on the 19th, retaken the ship "Elizabeth", which the 32-gun American privateer "Dean" had taken a few days earlier. "Elizabeth" was of 240 tons burthen, armed with 14 guns but with only 10 crewmen. When first taken she had been sailing from London to Newfoundland with a cargo of salt.
"Mercury" joined George Johnstone's squadron the following year. Captain William Carlyon took command in May 1781 and sailed "Mercury" to Hudson Bay. There, on 17 May, he recaptured the cutter . On 30 September, "Mercury", and captured the French ship "Philippine". The prize money was remitted from Jamaica, suggesting the capture took place in the Caribbean. French records have the capture occurring in the Antilles.
In March 1782, "Mercury" and "Jupiter" captured the French privateer "Bologne". Captain Henry Edwyn Stanhope succeeded Carlyon in September 1782, and paid "Mercury" off later that year. She was recommissioned under Stanhope in April the following year, and went out to Nova Scotia in June. Commodore Herbert Sawyer took command of the North American Station's base at Halifax in June 1785, and authorized "Mercury" to escort a merchant vessel to the American port of Boston to collect a shipment of cattle. This marked the first free visit of a British warship to the port since March 1776.
"Mercury" was again paid off in July 1786 and spent the period between August 1787 and January 1788 undergoing a small repair at Woolwich. After being fitted out there she was recommissioned in May 1788 under Captain Augustus Montgomery, and sailed to the Mediterranean. She returned to Britain and was paid off in 1790.
French Revolutionary Wars.
"Mercury" was not immediately returned to service following the outbreak of war with Revolutionary France, but after being fitted at Portsmouth, re-entered service in early 1796, under the command of Captain George Byng. After time spent at Newfoundland command passed to Captain Thomas Rogers in April 1797. Rogers captured three privateers while serving on the Lisbon station, the "Benjamin" on 5 January 1798, the 16-gun "Trois Soeurs" on 15 January 1798, and the 12-gun "Constance" on 25 January 1798.
"Benjamin" was 20 leagues off the Rock of Lisbon when "Mercury" finally captured her after a chase of 36 hours. "Benjamin" was pierced for 20 guns, but carried sixteen 4 and 6-pounders, ten of which she threw overboard during the chase. She had a crew of 132 men. , and joined the chase and shared in the capture. "Benjamin" was a new vessel on her first cruise, during which she had captured the English brig "Governor Bruce", on her way to Faro, and a Portuguese schooner. However, a British letter of marque had driven "Benjamin" off.
Next, Rogers was some 40 leagues off Cape Finisterre when he spotted two armed vessels and gave chase. As "Mercury" got close they separated and he was only able to capture one of them and that after a chase of eight hours. The quarry fired a few shots and then struck. She was the French privateer brig "Trois Soeurs". She was pierced for 18 guns but carried sixteen 6-pounders. She was five days out of port on her first cruise. 
Lastly, "Mercury" encountered the "Constance" some 42 leagues off the Burlings. "Mercury" captured her after a chase of five hours. "Constance" was pierced for 18 guns but carried only twelve 6 and 9-pounders, and had a crew of 96 men. She was ten days out off Nantes on a cruise of the Western Islands. 
Rodgers then took "Mercury" to Newfoundland in June 1798. After returning to Portsmouth for a refit in early 1799, she went back there in 1799. On 6 October she captured the "San Joce". On 16 December 1799 she captured the "Hosprung".
On 24 January 1800, "Mercury" was 28 leagues off Scilly when she recaptured the ship "Aimwell". "Aimwell", of Whitby, had been sailing from Quebec to London when the French privateer "Arriege", of Bordeaux, had captured her on 9 January. On 29 March, "Mercury" was among the ships that shared in the capture of the "Courageux". The other captors were , , , "Haerlem", , and "Salamine".
"Mercury" captured the French privateer brig "Egyptienne" on 5 February 1800 off the Isle of Wight. "Egyptienne" mounted 15 brass guns and had a crew of 66 men. She had sailed from Cherbourg the evening before and had not yet taken any prizes. As she was striking her colours her crew suddenly discharged a volley of small arms fire that slightly wounded one man on "Mercury". Apparently was in company or perhaps in sight at the time.
After spending a period in the English Channel, "Mercury" then sailed for the Mediterranean in May 1800. She was briefly part of Sir John Borlase Warren's squadron off Cadiz, after which she went on to Alexandria, arriving there on 31 July 1800.
On 5 January 1801, "Mercury" captured a French tartan, of unknown name, sailing from Marseilles to Cette in ballast. Then the next day, "Mercury" had much great luck when with her boats she captured 15 vessels of a convoy of 20 vessels. The captures included two ships, four brigs, three bombards, two settees, and four tartans. The convoy was sailing from Cette to Marseilles when "Mercury" captured three quarters of it off Minorca. The gunboats escorting the convoy fled as "Mercury" approached, so she suffered no casualties. 
The vessels included the:
On 20 January 1801, the day after Rogers had safely delivered his prizes to Port Mahon, he was some 40 leagues off Sardinia when "Mercury" captured the "Sans Pareille" after a chase of nine hours. She was a French navy corvette under the command of Citoyen Gabriel Renault, Lieutenant de Vaisseau. She carried 18 long brass 9-pounders and two howitzers. The reason she did not resist was that she had a crew of only 15 men. She had sailed from Toulon the day before and was carrying a cargo of shot, arms, medicines, and all manner of other supplies for the French army at Alexandria, Egypt. The Admiralty took "Sans Pareille" into service as .
On 17 February 1801, "Mercury" detained the Swedish brig "Hoppet", which was sailing in ballast from Tunis to Marseilles, in violation of the British blockaded of France. The next day, "Mercury", in company with , captured the ship "Esperance", which had sailed from Tunis with a cargo of silk, cotton, and other merchandise. Then on 15 May, "Mercury" and captured the French ship "Francois".
"Mercury" then made an attempt to recapture the 18-gun bomb vessel at Ancona on 25 May 1801. The cutting out party was able to get "Bulldog" out of the harbour, but then the winds died down just as enemy boats started to arrive. The cutting out party were too few in numbers both to guard the captured prisoners and resist the approaching enemy, and were tired from the row in to board "Bulldog". "Mercury" had drifted too far away to come to the rescue either. The cutting out party therefore abandoned "Bulldog". "Mercury" lost two men killed and four wounded in the attempt; Rogers estimated that the enemy had lost some 20 men killed, wounded and drowned.
On 23 June 1801 boats from "Mercury" and also destroyed a pirate tartan, the "Tigre", of eight 6 and 12-pounder guns and a crew of 60 French and Italians, in the Tremiti Islands. The Royal Marines landed and captured some of the pirates, who had mounted a 4-pounder gun on a hill. Meanwhile, the cutting out party brought out the "Tigre", together with bales of cotton and other goods that she had taken from vessels she had robbed.
Though the first attempt to capture "Bulldog" had failed, a second effort on 16 September 1801, carried out in company with and , succeeded in retaking the vessel. Rogers had received intelligence that "Bulldog" had left Ancona and was escorting four trabaccolos and a tartan that were carrying cannons, ammunition and supplies to Egypt. He set out with "Champion" and they discovered "Santa Dorothea" already in chase. The British chased the convoy, which took refuge under the guns of batteries at Gallipoli, Apulia. Even so, "Champion" was able to get close to "Bulldog", which struck after enduring several broadsides. "Champion" was then able to extricate her from under the batteries. In the meantime, "Mercury" captured one of the trabaccolos, which was carrying brass mortars, field pieces, and the like. In the engagement, "Champion" suffered one man killed.
Napoleonic Wars.
"Mercury" was fitted out as a floating battery at Deptford in May 1803, under the command of Captain Duncombe Pleydell-Bouverie. She went on to operate against Spanish shipping in the Eastern Atlantic and captured the "Fuerte de Gibraltar" on 4 February 1805. "Fuerte de Gibraltar" was a Spanish lateen-rigged gun-vessel armed with two long 12-pounders, two 16-pound carronades, several swivel guns and a large quantity of small arms and cutlasses. She and her crew of 59 men were under the command of Signor Don Ramon Eutate, "Lieutenant de fregate", and had sailed the morning before from Cadiz bound for Algeciras.
Captain Charles Pelly succeeded Bouverie in August 1805 and "Mercury" returned to Newfoundland in May 1806. On 3 January 1806 recaptured the ships "Argo" and "Adventure", and shared in the recapture of the "Good Intent". "Starr" was off Villa de Conde, Portugal, when she intercepted the vessels, which had been taken from a convoy that "Mercury" had been escorting from Newfoundland to Portugal, and both of which had been carrying cargoes of fish. "Starr" sighted "Good Intent" and signaled "Mercury", which recaptured her too. On 5 February, captured the "Baltidore", which was the privateer that had captured "Good Intent".
In June 1807 James Alexander Gordon took command and sailed "Mercury" into the Mediterranean to operate off the Southern Spanish coast. In the Action of 4 April 1808, "Mercury", in company with and , attacked a Spanish convoy off Rota, destroying two of the escorts and driving many of the merchant vessels ashore. They captured seven more vessels subsequently, which the marines and sailors of the British ships sailed back out to sea. 
In November 1808, command passed to Henry Duncan, who took her into the Adriatic Sea to participate in the Adriatic campaign of 1804–1814. On 30 December, "Mercury" and captured the "Hereux" and the "Spirito Santo".
"Mercury" was in action with and at Pesaro on 23 April and at Cesenatico on 2 May. In the attack on Pesaro, which the British bombarded after the commandant refused to surrender, the British captured 13 small coasting vessels. Due to the lack of resistance the British suffered no casualties. One civilian died by accident. "Mercury" grounded during the attack on Cesenatico but in a position where she could bring her guns to bear on the town. She was floated off without injury. In the attack the British captured and spiked the two 24-pounder guns of a battery that had fired on them and captured 12 vessels, all without suffering any casualties.
In June "Mercury" sent in her boats to destroy a number of trabaccolos and other vessels on the beach at Rotti, near Manfredonia.
On 7 September "Mercury"cut out the French schooner-of-war "Pugliese" from Barletta. "Piugliese" was armed with seven guns and had a crew of 37 men. The boats, under the command of Lieutenant Pall, accomplished this despite the schooner being under the protection not only of her own armament but also two armed feluccas, a castle, and small arms fire; the British suffered no casualties. This was "Mercury"s last action before she was paid off in early 1810. 
"Mercury" was fitted out as a troopship at Woolwich in mid-1810 and commissioned in May that year as a 16-gun troopship under Lieutenant William Webb. Commander John Tancock succeeded Webb in mid-1810 and "Mercury" spent most of 1811 on the Lisbon station. Commander Clement Milward took over in November 1811 and went out to the Leeward Islands. "Mercury"s last commanding officer was Commander Sir John Charles Richardson, who took over while she was still in the Leewards.
On 29 July 1813, "Mercury" was among the British vessels that shared in the capture of the American ship "Fame". ( was another.) "Fame", under the command of Captain Job Coffin, had been out since August 1811 and was on her return from whaling in the Pacific when captured. She had a cargo of 1200 barrels of sperm oil.
Fate.
"Mercury" was finally broken up at Woolwich in January 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="20481393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481393" title="KPS 9566">
KPS 9566

KPS 9566 is a North Korean standard which specifies an ISO 2022-compliant 94x94 two-byte coded character set for the Hangul writing system used for the Korean language. 
First published in 1993, it has since undergone several revisions in 1997, 2000 and 2003, mainly to enhance compatibility with Unicode. These are commonly indicated by specifying the year (KPS 9566-97, 9566-2000 and 9566-2003).
In principle, KPS 9566 is similar to the South Korean KS X 1001 encoding, except that it uses a different ordering of characters to conform with North Korean lexicographical ordering standards. It is also notable for its inclusion of several special characters from North Korean political life, including the following:
Due to these special characters, there is currently no full round-trip compatibility between KPS 9566 and Unicode. This would require adding these characters to the Universal Character Set, which the Unicode Consortium refused in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20481412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481412" title="Barclay Square">
Barclay Square

Barclay Square () is a public square and park in the city of Tartu, Estonia, adjacent to the Ülikooli street. It is named after Michael Andreas Barclay de Tolly and there is a large monument in the park honoring him.

</doc>
<doc id="20481416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481416" title="Phang Nga Stadium">
Phang Nga Stadium

Phang Nga Stadium () is a multi-use stadium in Phang Nga Province, Thailand. It is currently used mostly for football matches.The stadium holds 3,000. It is a stadium that is one of the most beautiful view in Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="20481424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481424" title="Goughabad">
Goughabad

Goughabad is a town located in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located in Lahore District at 31°24'0N 73°3'0E with an altitude of 170 metres (561 feet) and lies near to the city of Lahore. Neighbouring settlements include Pollard Kot and Jamalpur to the west, Chuhar Majra to the north, Faisalabad to the east and Hari Singwala to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20481458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481458" title="Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Feature Film">
Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Feature Film

Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Motion Pictures is one of the annual awards given by Directors Guild of America. With 3 wins out of 11 nominations, Steven Spielberg is both the most awarded and most nominated director in the Feature film category in the history of DGA.
The DGA Award for Feature Film has traditionally been a near perfect barometer for the Academy Award for Best Director. Only seven times since the DGA Award's inception has the DGA Award winner not won the Academy Award; in 1968 (Carol Reed won the Oscar for directing "Oliver!"); 1972 (Bob Fosse won the Oscar for directing "Cabaret"); 1985 (Sydney Pollack won the Oscar for directing "Out of Africa"); 1995 (Mel Gibson won for directing "Braveheart"); 2000 (Steven Soderbergh won the Oscar for directing "Traffic"); 2002 (Roman Polanski won the Oscar for directing "The Pianist"); and 2012 (Ang Lee won the Oscar for directing "Life of Pi"). This does not count 1948-49, when the DGA used a non-calendar award year (unlike the Academy Awards); both 1948 and 1949 DGA winners competed for the 1949 Best Director Oscar, which went to the 1948 DGA winner (Joseph L. Mankiewicz for "A Letter to Three Wives").
Winners and nominees.
† Won Academy Award for Best Director

</doc>
<doc id="20481493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481493" title="Jody Byrne (academic)">
Jody Byrne (academic)

Dr Jody Byrne is an Irish translation scholar and translator who specialises in scientific and technical translation from German and Spanish into English. He is best known as the author of "Technical Translation: Usability Strategies for Translating Technical Documents" (Springer, 2006) and "Scientific and Technical Translation Explained" (St Jerome, 2012). Byrne taught German translation at Dublin City University and was a Lecturer in Translation Studies & Localisation at the University of Sheffield. While at Dublin City University he became interested in scientific and technical translation and he subsequently went on to conduct doctoral research involving human cognition and the usability of translated software user guides. He has published on a range of topics including technical translation, professional translation, technical communication and translation pedagogy. 
He gained a BA in German and Spanish translation from Dublin City University in 1997 and has worked as a professional translator ever since, combining this with work as a technical writer, instructional designer, researcher and lecturer. In 2001 he returned to Dublin City University to pursue a PhD in technical communication and usability and graduated in 2004. In 2005 he joined the University of Sheffield where he taught subjects such as specialised translation, localisation, translation technology, translation theory, subtitling and research methodology.
Externally he is a member of the editorial boards of the "Journal of Specialised Translation" and "Connexions" and was re-elected to the Executive Committee of the Irish Translators' & Interpreters' Association in 2011 having previously served on the committee from 2002-2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20481501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481501" title="Sirong Festival">
Sirong Festival

Sirong Festival is an ethnic mardi-gras parade. Although some other Municipalities in the province of Surigao are claiming to have this festival originated from them. As most of this coastal towns are founded during the pre-Spanish occupation and is both claiming the story of being attacked by the moros. Sirong festival in Cantilan is the popular one than other festivals. 
Sirong is known to be a war dance between Muslims and Christians, reflecting the Christianization of the early Cantilangnons. The Manobos and the Mamanwas are known to be the early Cantilangnons. 
http://cantilanhistory.weebly.com/collections.html
The Municipality of Cantilan started the Sirong festival in 2004 days before the town fiesta. It was attended by other neighboring Municipalities in Surigao. With each contingents numbering to almost a hundred performers. The event was a great success with the winner bringing home cash prizes. On August 14, 2008, Cantilan once again hosted the event with the help from other local organizations such as the BARDUGS Association of Cantilan in full support by the Local Government Unit of Cantilan. As promised by the mayor that this festival will be held annually in this town.

</doc>
<doc id="20481518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481518" title="Ramat Sharett">
Ramat Sharett

Ramat Sharett () (lit. "Sharett Heights") is a neighbourhood in southwest Jerusalem, Israel, located between Ramat Denya and Beit VeGan. The neighborhood was established in 1974 and named for Moshe Sharett, Prime Minister of Israel in 1953-1955.
Ramat Sharett sits 860 meters above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="20481528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481528" title="Martin C. Strong">
Martin C. Strong

Martin C. Strong (born 1960 in Musselburgh, just outside of Edinburgh) is a researcher and compiler of music discographies.
His books include "The Great Rock Discography" (7 editions), "The Essential Rock Discography" (the condensed "8th edition"), "The Great Metal Discography" (2 editions), "The Great Psychedelic", "The Great Alternative & Indie (2 volumes)" and "Lights, Camera, Soundtracks" (with Brendon Griffin); all published by Canongate Books.
He has been researching and compiling discographies for over 30 years. His final tomes were two volumes of The Great Folk Discography, published by Birlinn (publisher) in 2010 and 2011; a third part of the trilogy, The Great Folk Discography: The Celtic Connections, looks to have been shelved. For a history of Scottish contemporary music and more, Mercat Press published The Great Scots Musicography, in 2002 - subsequently pulped by Birlinn (publisher).
He is currently working on a brand-new website (www.greatrockbible.com)" which will encompass all his 20,000 revised & re-vamped biographies/discographies; although it's work-in-progress.
He currently lives in Falkirk, Scotland, is the father of three daughters (Samantha, Suzanne and Shirley), and has also provided reviews for The List and Record Collector.
Brendon Griffin worked sporadically on "The Great Rock Discography" series with Strong, but retired from these projects in autumn 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20481542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481542" title="Vincent Wan">
Vincent Wan

Vincent Wan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20481544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481544" title="William Dunn (footballer)">
William Dunn (footballer)

William Dunn (July 1877 – "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Middlesbrough. He played for South Bank and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20481556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481556" title="The Deer Hunter (novel)">
The Deer Hunter (novel)

The Deer Hunter is a novelization by the American writer E. M. Corder based upon the screenplay by Deric Washburn and Michael Cimino of the 1978 war drama film "The Deer Hunter", a film that won five Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director. 
The novel is set in southern Vietnam, in Pittsburgh and in working-class Clairton, Pennsylvania, a Monongahela River town south of Pittsburgh. The book follows a trio of Rusyn American steel worker friends—Michael "Mike" Vronsky, Steven Pushkov, and Nikanor "Nick" Chevotarevich—both before and during their infantry service in the Vietnam War. 
The screenplay itself was loosely inspired by the German novel "Three Comrades" (1937), by World War I veteran Erich Maria Remarque, the author of "All Quiet on the Western Front", which follows the lives of a trio of World War I veterans in 1920s Weimar Germany.
The epigraph is from Ernest Hemingway: There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="20481566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481566" title="Wan Yeung-ming">
Wan Yeung-ming

Vincent Wan Yeung Ming (, born 2 February 1958 in Macau) is a Hong Kong actor.

</doc>
<doc id="20481578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481578" title="Nokia 6260 Slide">
Nokia 6260 Slide

The Nokia 6260 Slide is a mobile telephone handset produced by Nokia.
Features.
Among its key features are integrated A-GPS with included maps, WLAN, VoIP, a 5.0-megapixel camera with LED flash, WebKit Open Source Browser, Flash Lite 3.0, Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR and MIDP Java 2.1 with additional Java APIs.

</doc>
<doc id="20481590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481590" title="Ann Marvet">
Ann Marvet


</doc>
<doc id="20481599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481599" title="The Gifts">
The Gifts

The Gifts is a 1970 American short documentary film about water pollution in the United States, produced by Robert McBride for the Environmental Protection Administration. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20481609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481609" title="Lithuanian Sportsperson of the Year">
Lithuanian Sportsperson of the Year

Since 1956, Lithuania honors their greatest athlete of the year. The award's trophy, a bronze archer, has been given to the following recipients:

</doc>
<doc id="20481611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481611" title="Arthur Fitton">
Arthur Fitton

George Arthur Fitton (30 May 1902 – 10 September 1984) was an English footballer and cricketer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire. He played for West Bromwich Albion, Preston North End, and Manchester United.
He also played cricket for Staffordshire in the Minor Counties Championship, where as a left-handed batsman and occasional wicket-keeper, he played from 1927 to 1934, making 25 appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="20481659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481659" title="A Long Way from Nowhere">
A Long Way from Nowhere

A Long Way from Nowhere is a 1970 American short documentary film produced by Bob Aller. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20481673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481673" title="Jaan Port">
Jaan Port

He graduated from the University of Tartu in 1926. From 1927 to 1929 Port complemented his gardening knowledge in Germany. Between 1930 and 1937 he worked as the prime gardener in the Botanical Garden of the University of Tartu. In 1932 he received the PhD in botany. Later 1937–1940 Port served as the director of Tartu Teachers Seminar.
Notable publications include "Iluaiad ja kodu ümbruse kaunistus" (1933), "Aianduse õpperaamat" (1940) and "Ehisaiandus" (1949)
Jaan Port's son was notable architect Mart Port and grandson is sports biologist Kristjan Port..
Jaan port is buried at the Tartu Maarja cemetery (part of Raadi cemetery).

</doc>
<doc id="20481675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481675" title="Livoq Lake">
Livoq Lake

Livoq Lake (, ) is a small artificial lake in eastern Kosovo. Livoq Lake is just west of the large city of Gnjilane and borders the Goljak mountains to its west. The lake is fed by a small tributary of the South Morava. It is the second largest lake in the east of Kosovo only coming second to Prilepnica Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20481689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481689" title="Charlie Hannaford">
Charlie Hannaford

Charles Hannaford (8 January 1896 – July 1970) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Finsbury Park, London. He played for Maidstone United, Millwall, Charlton Athletic, Clapton Orient, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20481701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481701" title="Bernhard Saarsoo">
Bernhard Saarsoo

He published a number of notable papers on his studies in the 1930s including "Uus robiheinaliik Eestis" (1933) and "Floristilisi märkmeid IV" (1938). 
He lived and worked in exile in Sweden since 1944. 

</doc>
<doc id="20481735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481735" title="Jack Grundy">
Jack Grundy

John "Jack" Grundy (born 1873 – "unknown") was an English footballer who played as a forward. Born in the small village of Egerton, near Bolton, he played for Wigan County until April 1895, when he joined Newton Heath. He stayed with Newton Heath until August 1895, when he left for Halliwell Rovers without having made an appearance for the Heathens. He returned to Newton Heath five years later, in April 1900, and scored on his debut at home to Chesterfield on the final day of the 1899–1900 season. He made ten more appearances and scored two more goals for the club before joining Bolton Wanderers in February 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="20481745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481745" title="Oisin (film)">
Oisin (film)

Oisin is a 1970 Irish short documentary film directed by Patrick Carey. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20481759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481759" title="Longuda language">
Longuda language

Longuda is a Niger–Congo language of Nigeria. Joseph Greenberg counted it as a distinct branch, G10, of his Adamawa family. Boyd (1989) assigned it a branch within Waja–Jen. When Blench (2008) broke up Adamawa, Longuda was made a branch of the Bambukic languages.
The number of speakers is unknown. "Ethnologue" cites a figure of 32,000 from 1973.
Variants of the name 'Longuda' include "Languda, Longura, Nunguda, Nungura, Nunguraba".

</doc>
<doc id="20481771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481771" title="Rene Ortiz">
Rene Ortiz

Rene Ortiz (born April 23, 1969 in Anaheim, California) is a retired Mexican-American soccer player who currently coaches in Mexico. He spent most of his playing career in indoor soccer with two seasons in the Western Soccer Alliance and one season in Major League Soccer. He currently coaches the Mexican national futsal team and the Hilltop High School soccer teams.
Player.
Professional.
Although born in the United States, Ortiz was raised in Tijuana, Mexico. While in Mexico, he played for several youth clubs including Tecolatlan of the Major League of Tijuana. In 1985, he played for Atletico Tijuana in the Mexican Third Division. He returned to the United States as a teenager and attended Southwest Senior High School in San Diego, California for one year. He played one season of high school soccer in 1987, scoring at such a high rate that the San Diego Sockers drafted him selected him in the 1987 Major Indoor Soccer League draft. He played three indoor winter seasons with the Sockers, winning the three consecutive championships. In the summer of 1988 and 1989, he played for the San Diego Nomads of the outdoor Western Soccer Alliance, winning the 1989 WSA championship. In 1990, he moved to the Milwaukee Wave in the National Professional Soccer League. In 1993, the Sockers moved to a new league, the Continental Indoor Soccer League which played a summer indoor schedule. At the end of the 1992-1993 NPSL season, Ortiz signed with the Sockers for the 1993 CISL season, returning to the Wave for the 1993-1994 NPSL season. Ortiz returned to the Sockers for the 1994 and 1995 seasons. 
In February 1996, the Dallas Burn selected Ortiz in the seventh round (63rd overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. In the fall of 1996, he was loaned for the winter to the Cincinnati Silverbacks of the NPSL where he sustained a serious knee injury. In the summer of 1997, he played for the Monterrey La Raza in the CISL. The CISL collapsed at the end of the season and Ortiz moved to the Arizona Thunder of the World Indoor Soccer League. He retired when the Thunder folded in 2000.
National team.
In 1995, Ortiz earned five caps, scoring one goal, with the United States national futsal team as the team took fourth place at the Futsal Mundialito. In 1996, he played for the United States national beach soccer team which finished fourth at the Beach Soccer World Cup 1996.
Coach.
Through his extensive playing career, Ortiz managed to establish his coaching career. In 1992, he began his coaching career with the Germantown High School soccer team in Germantown, Wisconsin. In 1994 and 1995, he was an assistant coach with Southwest Senior High School in San Diego, California. In 1995, he became a staff coach with the Bonita Rebels youth soccer club in Bonita, California. He remained on the Bonita Rebels staff for ten years. From 1998 to 2000, he was an assistant coach at El Cajon Valley High School. In 2001, he moved to the Marian Catholic High School in San Diego, California, a position he held until 2003. In 2002, he coached the Mexican Futsal Team. He was head coach of the Express Diesel, a Mexican indoor soccer team in Baja. In 2006, he became the head coach of the Mexican national futsal team, a position he holds today. He is also the head coach of the Hilltop High School boys and girls soccer teams.
Ortiz gained his bachelor’s degree from San Diego State University in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20481775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481775" title="Edwin Lee (footballer)">
Edwin Lee (footballer)

Edwin Lee (July 1879 – "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Altrincham, Greater Manchester. He played for Hurst Ramblers and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20481794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481794" title="Time Is Running Out (film)">
Time Is Running Out (film)

Time Is Running Out is a 1970 West German short documentary film directed by Robert Ménégoz. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20481805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481805" title="James Vance (footballer)">
James Vance (footballer)

James Vance (1877 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Annbank, Fairfield Athletic, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20481814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481814" title="Përlepnicë Lake">
Përlepnicë Lake

Përlepnicë Lake (, ) is a small lake situated in western Kosovo, surrounded by the Goljak mountains. Prilepnica Lake is found just north-east of the city of Gnjilane, also it supplies water for the city. A tributary of the South Morava flows through the lake and it is the largest lake in the east of Kosovo.

</doc>
<doc id="20481859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481859" title="Harry Leonard (footballer)">
Harry Leonard (footballer)

Henry Droxford "Harry" Leonard (July 1886 – 3 November 1951) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Sunderland. He played for Sunderland West End, Grimsby Town, Middlesbrough, Derby County, Leicester Fosse, Manchester United and Heanor Town.

</doc>
<doc id="20481870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481870" title="Turhan Baytop">
Turhan Baytop


</doc>
<doc id="20481918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481918" title="Matt Robinson (footballer)">
Matt Robinson (footballer)

Matthew Robinson (21 April 1907 – August 1987) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Felling, County Durham. He played for Cardiff City, Chester City, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20481920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481920" title="Cannabis strains">
Cannabis strains

Cannabis strains are either pure or hybrid varieties of "Cannabis", typically of "C. sativa" and "C. indica". Varieties are developed to intensify specific characteristics of the plant, or to differentiate the strain for the purposes of marketing it more effectively as a drug. Variety names are typically chosen by their growers, and often reflect properties of the plant such as taste, color, smell, or the origin of the variety. Cannabis strains commonly refer to those varieties with recreational and medicinal use. These varieties have been cultivated to contain a high percentage of cannabinoids. Several varieties of cannabis, known as hemp, have a very low cannabinoid content, and are instead grown for their fiber and seed.
Major variety types.
The two species of the Cannabis genus that are most commonly grown are "Cannabis indica" and "Cannabis sativa". A third species, "Cannabis ruderalis" is very short and produces only trace amounts of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), and thus is not commonly grown for industrial, recreational or medicinal use. However, because "Cannabis ruderalis" flowers independently of the photoperiod and according to age, it has been used to breed autoflowering strains.
Pure "sativas" are relatively tall (reaching as high as 4.5 meters), with long internodes and branches, and large, narrow-bladed leaves. Pure "indica" varieties are shorter and bushier, have wider leaflets. They are often favored by indoor growers for their size. "Sativas" bloom later than "indicas", often taking a month or two longer to mature. The subjective effects of "sativas" and "indicas" are said to differ, but the ratio of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) to cannabidiol (CBD) in most named drug varieties of both types is similar (averaging about 200:1). Unlike most commercially developed strains, "indica" landraces exhibit plants with varying THC/CBD ratios. Avidekel, a medical marijuana strain developed in Palestine, has a very low content of THC but a high content of CBD, limiting its recreational value but maximizing medical effect.
Varieties.
Ruderalis
Indica
Sativa
In addition to pure "indica", "sativa", and "ruderalis" varieties, hybrid varieties with varying ratios of these three types are common. For example, the White Widow hybrid containing about 60% "indica" and 40% "sativa" ancestry. These hybrid varieties exhibit traits from both parental types. There are also commercial crossbred hybrids which contain a mix of both ruderalis, indica and/or sativa genes, and are usually autoflowering varieties. ""Lowryder"" was an early an auto-flowering hybrid that retained the flowering behaviour of "ruderalis" plants, while also producing appreciable amounts of THC and CBD. Autoflowering cannabis varieties have the advantage of being discreet due to their small stature. They also require shorter growing periods, as well as having the additional advantage that they do not rely on a change in the photoperiod to determine when to flower.
Variety naming.
In legal markets, such as in Amsterdam, competition puts pressure on breeders to create increasingly attractive varieties to maintain market share. Breeders give their strains distinct and memorable names in order to help differentiate them from their competitors' strains, although they may in fact be very similar.
Popular strains are incorporated into new hybrids, which often bear a similar name to their parent. This phenomenon has occurred with Haze and Sour varieties, amongst others.
Black-market Cannabis dealers sometimes falsely advertise their products as being of a certain strain to capitalise on that strains success or reputation.
Breeding new varieties.
Breeding requires pollinating a female cannabis plant with male pollen. Although this occurs spontaneously and ubiquitously in nature, the intentional creation of new varieties typically involves selective breeding in a controlled environment.
When cannabis is cultivated for its psychoactive or medicinal properties, male plants will often be separated from females. This prevents the fertilization of the female plants, either to facilitate sinsemilla flowering or to provide more control over which male is chosen. Pollen produced by the male is caught and stored until it is needed.
When a male plant of pollenates a female of another strain, the seeds will be F1 hybrids of the male and female. These offspring will not be identical to their parents. Instead, they will have characteristics of both parents. Repeated breeding results in certain characteristics appearing with greater regularity.
A common technique to stabilize a cannabis variety is called "cubing". A breeder seeking specific traits in the hybrid offspring (for example, greater resin production or tighter node spacing) will breed hybrid plants most exemplifying these characteristics with a parent plant. The same traits are sought in the new inbred offspring, which are then again bred with the original parent plant. This process is called cubing because it usually repeated across three, or possibly more generations before the variety's genetics are acceptably stable.
Strains.
Indica
Sativa
Hybrids

</doc>
<doc id="20481929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481929" title="1927 FA Charity Shield">
1927 FA Charity Shield

The 1927 Football Association Charity Shield was played on 12 October 1927. The game was played at Stamford Bridge, home of Chelsea, and was contested by the FA Cup holders Cardiff City and amateur side Corinthians. The game ended in a 2–1 win for Cardiff City with the winning goal scored by Hughie Ferguson, who also scored the winning goal in the 1927 FA Cup Final.

</doc>
<doc id="20481940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481940" title="Adventures in Perception">
Adventures in Perception

Adventures in Perception is a 1971 Dutch short documentary film directed by Han Van Gelder. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short., and won the "Best Short Film on Art" at the 1971 Cork Film Festival. It is a study on the works of M. C. Escher

</doc>
<doc id="20481959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481959" title="Lawrence Smith (footballer born 1878)">
Lawrence Smith (footballer born 1878)

Lawrence Smith (July 1878 – September 1912) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Manchester. He played for Army Football, New Brompton, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20481980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481980" title="Robert Parkinson">
Robert Parkinson

Robert Parkinson (1694 – 14 February 1761) was an Irish Member of Parliament. 
Called to the Irish Bar in 1720, he was elected to the Irish House of Commons for the borough of Ardee in November 1727, sitting until 1760.
He married Diana Peppard and their only child Elizabeth was born in 1729. She married Charles Ruxton of Ardee House, and Parkinson's estate of Red House in Ardee passed to their son William Parkinson Ruxton on his father's death in 1806. It was later inherited by the politician Chichester Fortescue, who adopted the surname Parkinson-Fortescue.

</doc>
<doc id="20481984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20481984" title="Fred Williams (footballer, born 1873)">
Fred Williams (footballer, born 1873)

Frederick Williams (1873 – "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Manchester. He played for Hanley Swifts, South Shore, Manchester City, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20482000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482000" title="Roger Keynes">
Roger Keynes

Roger John Keynes FMedSci (/ˈkeɪnz/; born 25 February 1951) is a British medical scientist. He is a Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge, and a professor within the Department of Physiology, Development and Neuroscience.
Keynes is the third son of four of Richard Keynes and his wife The Hon. Ann Pinsent Adrian, daughter of Edgar Adrian, 1st Baron Adrian and his wife Hester (née Pinsent). Through his father, he is a great-great-grandson of Charles Darwin. His elder brother Randal Keynes is a conservationist and author, while his younger brother Simon Keynes is a historian and also a fellow of Trinity, as indeed was their father Richard. He is the father of Catholic writer and apologist, Laura Keynes.

</doc>
<doc id="20482007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482007" title="Westland Dreadnought">
Westland Dreadnought

The Westland Dreadnought was an experimental single-engined fixed-wing monoplane design for a mail plane created to trial the aerodynamic wing and fuselage design ideas of Woyevodsky. It was designed and built by British aircraft manufacturer Westland Aircraft for the Air Ministry. Only a single aircraft was ever built, and it crashed on its initial flight, badly injuring the test pilot.
Design and development.
The Dreadnought was distinct for its futuristic design and method of construction, based on the theories of the Russian inventor N. Woyevodsky. After preliminary tests of the idea were tried in a wind tunnel and met with some degree of success, the design was given to Westland Aircraft to construct an aircraft. The design at the time was for a 70 ft wingspan twin-engine aircraft.
The design was aerodynamically advanced, featuring a continuous aerofoil section over all parts of the aircraft, including the fuselage and, unusually for British aircraft at that time, had no form of wing bracing.
Construction was all-metal, comprising drawn channeling with a skin of corrugated sheet panels. The method may be compared to the modern stressed skin construction.
Another advanced feature was the fail-safe ejection system. 
Although conceived as a twin-engined type with retractable undercarriage, the design that emerged was fitted with a single 450 horsepower Napier Lion II 12 cylinder engine that allowed the Dreadnought speeds of up to 102 miles per hour. and fixed undercarriage.
Operational history.
On completion of the Dreadnought, pilot Arthur Stewart Keep carried out taxi trials and short airborne hops. On 9 May 1924, he took off for its first flight test. While the aircraft was initially stable, it soon became clear that Keep was losing control, and not long after, at a height of approximately one hundred feet, the Dreadnought stalled and crashed. Thrown from the aircraft, Keep sustained severe injuries, and later had both legs amputated. He remained with the company and did not retire until 1935. After this failure, the Dreadnought design was abandoned, although the ideas that were conceived and used in its making were visibly an advancement in aircraft and are appreciated as such in the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="20482012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482012" title="Art Is...">
Art Is...

Art Is... is a 1971 American short documentary film directed by Julian Krainin. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20482048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482048" title="Peter Procter">
Peter Procter

Peter Roderick Procter (born 16 January 1930 in Bradford, West Yorkshire) is an English former cycling champion, rally driver and racing driver. Shortly after his birth he moved to Harrogate, and then to Alne Hall in the village of Alne, near York. Following the premature death of his parents, he moved back to Bradford, where he took up cycling. Procter competed in all types of cycle racing at home and on the Continent, but excelled in hill climbs, winning the British championship in 1951.
After becoming disillusioned with the UK cycling, and after the British Olympic Committee failed to select both him and other top cyclists of the time to represent Great Britain in the Olympics, Procter dropped out of professional cycling to concentrate on his building company in Bradford. He was soon involved in rallying. He competed in events including the RAC Rally, Tulip Rally, Coupe des Alpes (Alpine Rally), Tour de France Automobile and Monte Carlo Rally. Peter also competed in the Le Mans 24 Heures race several times, and raced in many Grand Prix, his highest position second in the Berlin Grand Prix.
Procter's racing career ended in 1966 when he was hit from behind in a saloon car race at Goodwood. After several somersaults, the car burst into flames and Procter was left with 3rd degree burns to 65 per cent of his skin. After many months of treatment and operations, he left hospital and returned home to Yorkshire, where he lives with his wife and family.
Procter has returned to driving a few times, including racing his original Sunbeam Tiger at the Le Mans Historic in 2002, and is still involved in motorsport, a member of the British Racing Drivers Club at Silverstone.

</doc>
<doc id="20482085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482085" title="The Numbers Start with the River">
The Numbers Start with the River

The Numbers Start with the River is a 1971 American short documentary film about smalltown life in Iowa. Produced by Donald Wrye for the United States Information Agency, it was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20482112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482112" title="Pavlovo, Sofia">
Pavlovo, Sofia

Pavlovo () is a southern neighbourhood of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria. Part of the Vitosha municipality, it borders Buxton Neighbourhood to the northeast, Tsar Boris III Boulevard to the northwest, the Sofia ringroad (in this section known as the Nikola Petkov Boulevard) to the south and the Buxton Boulevard to the east. Pavlovo features mostly low - to mid-rise residential architecture, with houses and small blocks of flats dominating the skyline. The 5th Primary School and the 157th High School César Vallejo serve the neighbourhood.

</doc>
<doc id="20482118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482118" title="List of non-marine molluscs of Sweden">
List of non-marine molluscs of Sweden

The non-marine molluscs of Sweden are a part of the molluscan fauna of Sweden (wildlife of Sweden).
There are unknown species of gastropods (52 species of freshwater gastropods, unknown species of land gastropods) and 32 species of bivalves living in the wild. This is altogether 84 species of freshwater molluscs.
Freshwater gastropods.
Freshwater gastropods in Sweden include:
Neritidae
Viviparidae
Thiaridae
Bithyniidae
Hydrobiidae
Amnicolidae
Valvatidae
Acroloxidae
Lymnaeidae
Physidae
Planorbidae
Land gastropods.
Land gastropods in Sweden include:
Pupillidae
Vertiginidae
Milacidae
Vitrinidae
Boettgerillidae
Limacidae
Agriolimacidae
Arionidae
Bradybaenidae
Helicodontidae
Hygromiidae
Helicidae
Freshwater bivalves.
Freshwater gastropods in Sweden include:
Margaritiferidae
Unionidae
Sphaeriidae
Dreissenidae
See also.
Lists of molluscs of surrounding countries:

</doc>
<doc id="20482131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482131" title="Great Naval Battles">
Great Naval Battles

Great Naval Battles is a series of computer games by Strategic Simulations which simulate combat between naval vessels. It consist of five separate games, four of which depict various phases of World War II. Each game combines a wider view of the action on a fleet scale, as well as controls for individual ships. SSI covered similar themes in another naval game, "Fighting Steel", which was released afterwards, in 1999.
Games in series.
The game series contains the following games:
Gameplay and dynamics.
Every game provides a choice between individual ship views and fleet command views. Players can choose individual stations to operate during the game.
Background music.
Great Naval Battles: North Atlantic 1939-1943.
When "British" is being selected for the gameplay, "Rule Britannia" is being played. Whereas if "German" is being selected, "Unter dem Doppeladler" is being played.

</doc>
<doc id="20482136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482136" title="Somebody Waiting">
Somebody Waiting

Somebody Waiting is a 1971 American short documentary film produced by Woody Omens. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20482169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482169" title="Random logic">
Random logic

Random logic is a semiconductor circuit design technique that translates high-level logic descriptions directly into hardware features such as AND and OR gates. The name derives from the fact that few easily discernible patterns are evident in the arrangement of features on the chip and in the interconnects between them. In VLSI chips, random logic is often implemented with standard cells and gate arrays.
Random logic accounts for a large part of the circuit design in modern microprocessors. Compared to microcode, another popular design technique, random logic offers faster execution of processor opcodes, provided that processor speeds are faster than memory speeds. A disadvantage is that it is difficult to design random logic circuitry for processors with large and complex instruction sets. The hard-wired instruction logic occupies a large percentage of the chip's real estate, and it becomes difficult to lay out the logic so that related circuits are close to one another.

</doc>
<doc id="20482241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482241" title="Ruboc Lake">
Ruboc Lake

Ruboc Lake (, ) is a very small lake in Kosovo. Robovac Lake is completely surrounded by the mountains of Goljak. It is the smallest lake in eastern Kosovo being about the same size as an average mountain lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20482244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482244" title="COFCO Group">
COFCO Group

COFCO (), full name China National Cereals, Oils and Foodstuffs Corporation, is one of China's state-owned food processing holding companies. COFCO Group is China's largest food processing, manufacturer and trader.
Founded in 1952, it is one of the largest SOEs of the 49 directly administrated by China's State Council. Between 1952 and 1987, it was the sole agricultural products importer and exporter operating under direct control of the central government. In 2007, COFCO had just over 60,000 employees in multiple locations in China as well as overseas operations in countries such as the US, UK, Japan, Australia, and Canada.
Besides the foodstuff business, COFCO has developed itself into a diversified conglomerate, involving planting, cultivation, food-processing, finance, warehouse, transportation, port facilities, hotels and real estate. It is one of the top 500 enterprises chosen by US's Fortune Magazine.
COFCO has four companies listed in Hong Kong, namely, China Foods (HK00506), China Agri-Industries Holdings (HK00606), Mengniu Dairy (HK02319), and COFCO Packaging Holdings (HK00906) and three companies listed in mainland China, namely, COFCO Tunhe (600737), COFCO Real Estate (000031), and BBCA (000930). COFCO boasts a wide range of branded products and service portfolios, such as Fortune edible oil, Great Wall wine, Mengniu dairy, Lohas fruit and vegetable juice, Le Conte chocolate, Tunhe tomato products, Joycome meat products, Joy City shopping mall, Yalong Bay resorts, Gloria hotels, Snow-Lotus cashmere, Zhongcha tea products, COFCO-Aviva Life Insurance, COFCO Trust, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20482272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482272" title="Hundertwasser's Rainy Day">
Hundertwasser's Rainy Day

"Hundertwasser's Rainy Day" () is a 1972 West German short documentary film about artist Friedensreich Hundertwasser rebuilding an old wooden ship called Regentag (Rainy Day). Directed by Peter Schamoni, it was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20482284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482284" title="Buxton, Sofia">
Buxton, Sofia

Buxton (, "Bakston") is a south-western neighbourhood of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria. Part of Vitosha municipality, it lies between the Buxton Brothers ("Bratya Buxton") Boulevard, the Tsar Boris III Boulevard and the Sofia ringroad adjacent to Boyana.
The neighbourhood was named after the brothers Charles and Noel Buxton, British public figures and prominent advocates of the Bulgarian position on the Macedonian Question in the Balkan Wars and World War I. The central boulevard of the neighbourhood is also named after the brothers.
Buxton features mostly single-family houses and mid- to high-rise residential architecture from the 60s–80s. It is serviced by Secondary School #2 Academician Emiliyan Stanev, Primary School #5 Ivan Vazov and Secondary Specialized School and Kindergarten for Hearing-impaired Children #2. The Vitosha municipality building is also located in the neighbourhood, and there is a Fantastico supermarket in Buxton.

</doc>
<doc id="20482293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482293" title="Fairbourne (FR) railway station">
Fairbourne (FR) railway station

Fairbourne railway station is the terminus of the 12¼ inch gauge Fairbourne Railway (FR), from which narrow gauge trains run from Fairbourne to Barmouth Ferry railway station. Cambrian Line services depart from the identically named Fairbourne railway station, located just opposite the FR station.

</doc>
<doc id="20482301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482301" title="Viktor Masing">
Viktor Masing

He was a specialist in telmatology, and an organizer of wetland protection.
His son, Matti Masing, is a renowned nature scientist, and one of Europe's foremost experts on bats.

</doc>
<doc id="20482314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482314" title="Sac and Fox Reservation">
Sac and Fox Reservation

The Sac and Fox Reservation of the Sac and Fox Nation is a 23.639 sq mi (61.226 km²) tract located in southeastern Richardson County, Nebraska, and northeastern Brown County, Kansas. It was created as a consequence of the Platte Purchase of 1836.

</doc>
<doc id="20482316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482316" title="City Hall, Norwich">
City Hall, Norwich

Norwich City Hall is an Art Deco building completed in 1938 which houses the city hall for the city of Norwich, East Anglia, in Eastern England. It is one of the Norwich 12, a collection of twelve heritage buildings in Norwich deemed of particular historical and cultural importance.
Norwich City Hall was opened in 1938 by King George VI and Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother. It had been designed by architects Charles Holloway James and Stephen Rowland Pierce, after Robert Atkinson had prepared a layout for the whole Civic Centre site at the request of Norwich Corporation (now the City Council). A competition took place in 1931 which attracted 143 entries, with Atkinson as the sole judge. After the winning design was chosen the Depression and a protracted planning process delayed the start of the building, and the foundation stone was not laid until 1936.
The architects designed for Norwich an Art Deco public building of national significance. It was built to the highest standards, using superior materials and methods of its day. Even the bricks were specially made, each one being two inches longer than usual to better reflect the proportions of the finished building.
Charles Holloway James and Stephen Rowland Pierce engaged Alfred Hardiman as their consultant sculptor. He contributed the iconic lions passant which guard the building, and three figures of Recreation, Wisdom and Education for the Council Chamber. His colleague James Woodford designed the six main bronze doors, incorporating 18 roundels showing the history and industry of Norwich. Eric Aumonier carved the city arms above the Regalia Room window on Bethel Street, and Margaret Calkin James provided textiles for some of the important rooms.
Over the years many Art Deco buildings have lost their hallmark fixtures and fittings, but Norwich retains many of its original features. This is particularly fortunate as the furniture, light fittings and other details throughout the building were designed by the architects themselves.
The materials used include Italian marble and English stone, Honduras mahogany and Australian walnut. Seating is upholstered in Moroccan leather, and rooms panelled in elm, oak, teak and birch. The Lord Mayor’s octagonal parlour is panelled in sycamore with French walnut trim, with the door finished in English walnut. The main frontage of the building is 280 feet long, incorporating a 200ft balcony.
Norwich City Hall was officially opened by the King and Queen on 29 October 1938 and a huge crowd turned out to celebrate. Less than a year later the Second World War broke out and Norwich was extensively bombed, but the building survived intact.
The austerity that followed the war ensured no project of similar quality could be contemplated. Today, Norwich City Hall stands as an exemplary building of its period, completed to the highest standards of architectural integrity and individual craftsmanship.

</doc>
<doc id="20482320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482320" title="St Sennen's Church, Sennen">
St Sennen's Church, Sennen

St. Sennen's Church, Sennen is a parish church in the Church of England located in Sennen, Cornwall.
History.
The church of St. Sennen is medieval. A visit by members of the Penzance Natural History and Antiquarian Society on their annual excursion in August 1893 translated a Latin inscription on a stone at the base of the font as ″"In the year of the Lord 1441 3, or 4, this Church was dedicated on festival of the beheading of St John the Baptist"″. It is known as the parish church of Lands End and the patron is the Duke of Cornwall.
Langdon (1896) recorded the existence of five stone crosses in the parish, including two in the churchyard.

</doc>
<doc id="20482322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482322" title="Prinskorv">
Prinskorv

Prinskorv which directly translates to "prince-sausage" is a small Swedish sausage which is often sold in links. Created in 1805 by Viennese butcher Georg Lahner, this dish is usually fried in a frying pan and served with a generous helping of mustard. The demand for this Swedish delicacy increases and reaches its peak during the Christmas season. At that time, stores usually have reserves to meet their customers’ needs.
Serving.
Traditionally made from spiced pork and veal stuffed in sheep casings, these mini-sausages are known for their crown-like cuts. They are a short variety of Vienna sausage. The Prinskorv is a popular component of the "julbord" and the Swedish Christmas smörgåsbord, along with ham, liver pate, potatoes, rice pudding, pickled beets, herring salad, various cheeses, bread, and different sweets.
According to the Swedish food chain Hemkop, the Prinskorv is also a midsummer favorite of Sweden’s southern region. Enjoyed during afternoons and featured during their midsummer party after the summer solstice, this is usually served with Jansons frestelse, meatballs, pickled herring, crackers and salads.

</doc>
<doc id="20482324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482324" title="The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh (novel)">
The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh (novel)

The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh is a novelization by the American writer Richard Woodley based upon the screenplay by Jaison Starkes and Edmond Stevens of the 1979 sports–fantasy comedy film "The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh". 
It tells the story of a professional basketball team, the Pittsburgh Pythons, whose losing streak and lack of talent has made them a laughingstock. Some players want to be traded, except for the star player Moses Guthrie, who is the highest paid player and is disliked by his teammates.
The team's ballboy and waterboy, Tyrone Millman, is inspired to use astrology to change the team's luck. With an astrologer named Mona Mondieu they come up with the perfect concept: a team composed of players who were born under the astrological sign of Pisces (matching the star sign of Moses Guthrie), thus the 'birth' of "The Pittsburgh Pisces!", now a powerhouse to reckon with on the path to the league championship.
Despite the tie-in between them, the novel had a different storyline from that of the movie, since some of the scenes were cut from the film, but the novel did follow the original screenplay that featured those deleted scenes. Among the differences, in the film, the Pisces were seen winning every game, but the novel mentions the team losing only two games. Another involved a group of guys in a wheelchair causing havoc at one game (that scene was shown during the film's preview trailer but was scrapped and reshot).

</doc>
<doc id="20482344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482344" title="K-Z">
K-Z

K-Z is a 1972 Italian short documentary film directed by Giorgio Treves. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. 

</doc>
<doc id="20482346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482346" title="Dr. Xargle">
Dr. Xargle

Dr. Xargle is a series of children's picture books written by Jeanne Willis and illustrated by Tony Ross; the original six books were published by Andersen Press from 1988 to 1993. It features an alien perspective on human civilization, especially the life of British children and their families. Alternatively, Dr. Xargle is the main character, an alien who studies Earth and teaches schoolchildren about it. Sometimes he takes them on field trips to Earth in human disguises. Finally, "Dr. Xargle" is a 1997 British television series based on the original books. 
For the third book in the series, "Dr. Xargle's Book of Earth Tiggers" (1990), Ross was highly commended runner up for the annual Kate Greenaway Medal from the Library Association, recognising the year's best children's book illustration by a British subject.
Books.
All seven books were published in hardcover editions by Andersen Press. The original series was published in British paperback editions by Red Fox (Random House) within a few years. In the United States, the books have titles such as "Earthlets, as explained by Professor Xargle"—the first book, published by E. P. Dutton in 1989.
Television series.
A 13-episode television series was produced by CINAR Films Inc and King Rollo Films, and broadcast in 1997: Dr. Xargle and his students are animatronic puppets, while the students' lessons about Earth are animated.
Unnamed in the books, the planet was identified as Planet Queeg, and the children were called Queegles. It is unclear whether their species is named Queegle, or this is the name for their infants (the adults being called Queegs).
Episodes.
Each of the 13 episodes had a duration of approximately 30 minutes.
Several episode broadcast dates, as well as the episode order, are currently unknown.
There was also a break in broadcasting that has not yet been accounted for.

</doc>
<doc id="20482362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482362" title="1968 Major League Baseball All-Star Game">
1968 Major League Baseball All-Star Game

The 1968 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 39th playing of the midsummer classic between the all-stars of the American League (AL) and National League (NL), the two leagues comprising Major League Baseball.
The game was held on July 9, 1968, at the Astrodome in Houston, Texas the home of the Houston Astros of the National League, making this the first All-Star Game to be played indoors. The game resulted in the National League defeating the American League 1-0.

</doc>
<doc id="20482390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482390" title="James Tyler Guitars">
James Tyler Guitars

James Tyler Guitars is a manufacturer of boutique electric guitars. The company is located near Van Nuys, California and was established in 1972. It was long regarded as LA studio musicians' "business secret", and consequently reached the public eye through studio musicians like Dan Huff, Michael Landau, and Neil Stubenhaus. The company is known for creating instruments "flawless in design and construction" with an easily recognisable yet somewhat controversial headstock, and creative guitar body finishes with names like "psychedelic vomit", "burning water", and "caramel cappuccino shmear".
History.
During the 1980s the company did primarily repairs and modifications of guitars, but built some custom guitars based on parts from other manufacturers such as Kramer for some of Los Angeles's studio musicians, namely Dean Parks, Michael Landau and Dan Huff. In 1987 the first production model was released called the Studio Elite, a hot-rodded Fender Stratocaster that James Tyler describes as "a guitar with all the good stuff." All the woodwork was done by hand, and it featured the "hockey paddle" headstock that some find "a little over-powering" and has been regarded as a feature people either love or hate, but made it certain that the company does not infringe on Fender's trademark headstock design. Additional standard features are a Demeter mid-boost circuit with a gain control and a preset switch and a neck finished in such a way that it feels like it has been worn-in through years of use even though it is brand new, similar to what Music Man did with their Eddie Van Halen signature model guitars. The Studio Elite model is featured on Guitarist magazine's list of "50 guitars to play before you die".
Their second model, the Ultimate Weapon (available with 2 or 3 humbuckers and a Floyd Rose locking tremolo), was introduced in 1993 and was also based on the Fender Stratocaster but featuring a more contemporary look. The latest incarnation of the guitar, the Ultimate Weapon HD, introduced in 2007, came with a pickguard, an H/S/S pickup layout and a Wilkinson vibrato. Tyler describes this model as "a Studio Elite wearing an Ultimate Weapon suit." In 2006 they introduced two models named Mongoose and Mongoose Retro, the former leaning towards Gibson-style design, while the latter is more of a Fender-design, both being "a sort of Les Paul-meets-Telecaster" and taking over for the then discontinued Telecaster-styled Tylerbastar line. By now the manufacturing process had also started to utilize a Fadal digital CNC machine for routing the guitar bodies, allowing for additional optional features like a hollow body. The company now also winds their own pickups, while earlier they used standard and custom pickups from manufacturers like Seymour Duncan, DiMarzio, Lindy Fralin, Tom Anderson and John Suhr.
The company's first original finish was created in 1991 for Michael Landau as a joke that Tyler has commented "unfortunately, the world took it seriously". It got named "psychedelic vomit" and has been described as "completely mad and random". The second finish was created in 1993, again for Michael Landau, and was named "burning water", and is a combination of different colours that has been described as "a mass of swirls in different metallic colours". In 1998 the first "shmear" finish was created, a paint job that uses layers of different kinds of paint and takes about a week to finish. One reviewer called the Candy Cherry Red Shmear finish "not for the faint hearted."
In 2008 the company released a series of guitars using the brand "Joe" and only made them available to the Japanese market. These guitars can be regarded as a stripped-down version of the Studio Elite and the Strat-style Classic models, and according to James Tyler are "all about attitude."
A Tyler-designed series of Line 6's Variax line of guitars was announced in the spring of 2010.
The company also produced a limited number of custom-built bass guitars between 1992 and 2006, used for instance by David Hungate and Neil Stubenhaus.

</doc>
<doc id="20482392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482392" title="Marcus Birkenkrahe">
Marcus Birkenkrahe

Marcus Birkenkrahe (born December 29, 1963 as "Marcus Speh" in Bad Kreuznach, Germany) is a physicist and information architect who also works as an executive coach.
After obtaining his Abitur in 1983, Birkenkrahe studied physics, mathematics and chemistry at the University of Hamburg. In 1994, he worked as a research assistant at DESY in Zeuthen near Berlin and earned his doctorate with a dissertation on multigrid computations for lattice gauge theories using object-oriented, literate programming. As co-founder and chairman of the Globewide Network Academy (GNA), he received the awards for "Best Campus-Wide Information System" and "Best Educational Site" at the First World-Wide Web conference (WWW1) in Geneva, Switzerland in 1994. Between 1995 and 2001 he worked as a corporate IT executive for Accenture and Royal Dutch Shell. He was a Fellow of the Royal Society for the encouragement of Arts, Manufactures & Commerce (RSA), London (1998–2008) and has been a registered expert and reviewer for knowledge management for the European Union since 1999. In 2002, he served as a visiting professor for knowledge management at the University of Auckland Business School where he won the "Best Paper 2002" award of the University of Auckland Business Review.
Since 2007, Birkenkrahe is a professor of management information systems at the Berlin School of Economics and Law, a leading German business school and Head of E-Learning (since 2008). He serves as member of the editorial board for the Int. J. of Learning and Change and of the Int. J. of Innovation in Education.

</doc>
<doc id="20482398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482398" title="Selling Out (film)">
Selling Out (film)

Selling Out is a 1972 Canadian short film for cinema and TV directed by Tadeusz Jaworski, written and produced by Jack Winter, distributed by Unit Productions and Encyclopædia Britannica.
Awards and nominations.
It was nominated for an Academy Award (Short Subject) in 1972. It was named Best Documentary at the 1972 Canadian Film Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20482424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482424" title="The Tide of Traffic">
The Tide of Traffic

The Tide of Traffic is a 1972 British short documentary film directed by Derek Williams. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20482448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482448" title="Jake Hooker (journalist)">
Jake Hooker (journalist)

Jake Hooker (October 27, 1973 Newton, Massachusetts) is an American journalist and recipient of the Pulitzer Prize for Investigative Reporting for investigations done while in China over concerns with how dangerous and poisonous pharmaceutical ingredients from China have flowed into the global market. 
He attended Milton Academy and Dartmouth College where he studied art history.
In 2000, he was a Peace Corps volunteer in China for two years; he taught English in Wanxian. 
His first published newspaper article about his life in Waxian appeared in "The Boston Globe" in 2001. In 2003, he worked for the Surmang Foundation in China.In his free time, he has learned Chinese.
He currently works for the "New York Times".

</doc>
<doc id="20482454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482454" title="St Michael and All Angels Church, Penwerris">
St Michael and All Angels Church, Penwerris

St Michael and All Angels Church, Penwerris is a parish church of the Church of England located in Penwerris, near Falmouth, Cornwall. The church is Anglo-Catholic and under the care of the Bishop of Ebbsfleet rather than the diocesean bishop.
The church was originally dedicated to the Holy Trinity, but this was later changed to St Michael & All Angels. It is a plain rectangular building of stone erected in 1827 and opened on 9 January 1828. It consists of a nave only and a western gallery. Penwerris only became a parish in 1848; until then it was part of the parish of Budock.
The church has a two manual pipe organ by Hele & Co dating from 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="20482468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482468" title="Oh Yeon-seo">
Oh Yeon-seo

Oh Yeon-seo (; born June 22, 1987) is a South Korean actress and former singer. 
She made her entertainment debut in 2002 when she was only 16 years old under her real name Oh Haet-nim, with the band LUV alongside Jo Eun-byul and Jeon Hye-bin. They released their first album "Story" that year, which included the singles "Orange Girl" and "I Still Believe in You." 
Oh then shifted to acting, and her popularity rose in 2012 with her roles in "My Husband Got a Family" and "Here Comes Mr. Oh". 

</doc>
<doc id="20482481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482481" title="Minardi PS04B">
Minardi PS04B

The Minardi PS04B was a Formula One race car used by Minardi Cosworth in the 2004 Formula One season. It was driven by rookie Gianmaria Bruni, and Zsolt Baumgartner who had moved from Jordan. The team managed to earn their first point in two years, after Baumgartner finished 8th (albeit last) at the United States Grand Prix.
In 2005, Minardi used a PS04B chassis for the first three races of the season before they made a new PS05 chassis.
Complete Formula One results.
(key) (results in bold indicate pole position) 

</doc>
<doc id="20482490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482490" title="431st Test and Evaluation Squadron">
431st Test and Evaluation Squadron

The 431st Test and Evaluation Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the Tactical Air Command 57th Fighter Wing stationed at Nellis AFB, Nevada. It was inactivated on 30 June 1992.
History.
World War II.
Established by Fifth Air Force in Australia in May 1943 specifically to accommodate very long range Lockheed P-38J Lightnings at Amberley Airfield in Queensland, Australia. The 431st was specifically trained to provide long-range escort for bombers during daylight raids on Japanese airfields and strongholds in the Netherlands East Indies and the Bismarck Archipelago. On 14 August 1943, the 431st transferred from Amberley airfield to Port Moresby. New Guinea.
Engaged in combat operations, providing escort for B-25 Mitchell medium bombers that were engaged in strafing attacks on airdromes at Wewak but also destroyed a number of the enemy fighter planes that attacked the formation. Also intercepted and destroyed many Japanese aircraft which were sent against American shipping in Oro Bay on 15 and 17 October 1943. Covered landings in New Guinea, New Britain, and the Schouten Islands. After moving to Biak in July 1944, the squadron flew escort missions and fighter sweeps to the southern Philippines, Celebes, Halmahera, and Borneo.
Moved to the Philippines in October 1944 and attacked enemy airfields and installations, escorting bombers, and engaging in aerial combat during the first stages of the Allied campaign to recover the Philippines, October–December 1944. The squadron flew many missions to support ground forces on Luzon during the first part of 1945. Also flew escort missions to Southeast China and attacked railways on Formosa. Began moving to Ie Shima near Okinawa in August 1945 but the war ended before the movement was completed.
After active combat ended, on 22 September 1945, the squadron moved to Seoul Airfield, Korea for occupation duty as part of the 308th Bomb Wing, assigned to the 315th Air Division of Far East Air Forces. The unit moved to Kimpo Airfield, on 7 January 1946 where the it converted to the very long-range P-51H Mustang. The squadron was reassigned to Nagoya Airfield, Japan in March 1947 and later moved to Itazuke Airfield, Japan in August 1948. It became a subordinate unit of 475th Fighter Wing on 10 August.
The squadron was inactivated on 1 April 1949 at Ashiya Airfield, Japan.
Cold War.
Reactivated as part of Air Defense Command in November 1952, replacing the federalized 172d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron of the Michigan Air National Guard. Assigned to Selfridge AFB, Michigan with mission of air defense of the Detroit/Akron area and Great Lakes initially flying the F-86F Sabres reassigned from the 63d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron at Oscoda AFB, Michigan.
Relieved from duty with ADC and reassigned to USAFE under Seventeenth Air Force. Flying from Wheelus AB, Libya to provide air defense over the large North African base and expansive training ranges. Replaced its Korean War vintage F-86F's with new F-86D Sabre Interceptors in January 1955. Moved to Zaragoza AB, Spain in September 1958 and was reassigned to the Strategic Air Command Sixteenth Air Force. Inactivated in 1964 with withdrawal of B-47 Stratojet from inventory and SAC turning jurisdiction of its Spanish refueling bases to USAFE. 
Was reassigned to Tactical Air Command, being stationed at George AFB, California, assigned to 8th Tactical Fighter Wing. Equipped with F-4C Phantom II tactical fighter-bomber, engaged in training, participated in numerous exercises, operational readiness inspections, deployments. Re-equipped with new F-4D Phantom II in 1965 and reassigned to 479th Tactical Training Wing at George AFB. The F-4D was an improved version of the F-4C, which the 8th TFW had been deployed with to Southeast Asia. 
In February 1966, the squadron began F-4D replacement pilot training for personnel to be deployed to Southeast Asia. Along with the USAF fighter pilot training, the squadron began training foreign personnel in F-4 operations and maintenance in March 1969. Pilots were trained from Israel, Iran, Japan, and West Germany. Inactivated on 30 October 1970 due to budget reductions.
Reactivated at George AFB in 1975 as part of the 35th Tactical Fighter Squadron. Engaged in F-4E "Wild Weasel" training as a Tactical Fighter Training Squadron against F-105G Thunderchiefs. Inactivated due to budget cuts in 1978.
Fighter Weapons Squadron.
Reactivated at McClellan AFB, California in 1980 as an F-111 Aardvark evaluation squadron, assuming mission of Detachment 3, 57th Fighter Weapons Wing, home stationed at Nellis AFB, Nevada, being a Geographically Separated Unit (GSU) of the 57th FWW. McClellan AFB was the Air Force Logistics Command prime support depot for the F-111 and changes and modifications could be made there and tested by the detachment. 
The 431st's mission was to test and evaluate TCTO (Time Change Technical Order) modifications to the F-111A/D/E and F models prior to those hanges being released to operational F-111 Tactical wings in the United States and Europe. In addition was tasked with exploiting foreign technologies, and developing leading edge tactics to improve the future combat capability of aerospace forces.
Squadron remained active until June 1992 when the F-111 was retired at the end of the Cold War.

</doc>
<doc id="20482498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482498" title="Background (1973 film)">
Background (1973 film)

Background is a 1973 American short documentary film directed by Carmen D'Avino. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20482502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482502" title="Aegopinella">
Aegopinella

Aegopinella is a genus of small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.
Species.
Species in the genus "Aegopinella" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20482510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482510" title="Malefiz">
Malefiz

Malefiz (also known as Barricade) is a strategy board game, invented by Werner Schöppner and published by Ravensburger since 1959. It is a descendant of the board game Pachisi, but it lacks the former game's circular gameplay, and makes use of extra pieces to build blockades.
Nomenclature.
The name of the game was creatively derived from the obsolete German word "Malefiz" (English: "misdeed", "bad action"). The German term originates from the Latin word "maleficus" (mischievous, profane).
Objective.
Two to four players begin the game with five pawns each, arranged at the bottom of the board. The goal is to reach the very top of the board. A roll of a die determines how many steps each pawn may move. Players can block their opponents by moving "barricade" pieces to obstruct their path.
Rules.
The players pawns are placed in their respective "houses" at the bottom of the board, and the barricades on the 11 coloured squares of the board.
All the players start from the first square in front of their house (starting square). Pawns move forward, backward or sideways, but they have to maintain the same direction during a single move (a pawn may not move on the same square twice in a single move). Pawns must move according to the exact number thrown. Pawn may pass other pawns, but only one pawn may occupy each square. In case a square is occupied by another player's pawn, the latter is sent back to its house. A player may only pass his turn if none of his pawns can be moved the exact number thrown.
Barricades are obstacles that may not be passed. A pawn must land on a barricade in order to remove it. The player then places the barricade back on another unoccupied square, anywhere on the board except on the row of 17 squares at the bottom of the board.
The winner is the first player to reach the goal square with all his pawns, after throwing the exact number needed to land on it each time.

</doc>
<doc id="20482515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482515" title="Drift Tengoku">
Drift Tengoku

History.
Drift Tengoku was launched in April 1996 as part of Option2. At that time, printed quarterly, it mainly published drifting related articles such as tuning as well as covering drifting contests, it also covered illegal gatherings that took place on public road, especially at the touge. These features usually led to police visits to the magazine's office.
The magazine featured many of the now notable drifting drivers such as Ken Nomura and Nobuteru Taniguchi. At the following year, the magazine went bimonthly and the year following that, it went monthly.
In was not until February 1999 that the magazine was published as a standalone magazine.
The magazine celebrated its 100th issue on September 2007.
The video version is different from the print as it solely covers drifting event run by the magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20482526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482526" title="Anjala Zaveri">
Anjala Zaveri

Anjala Zaveri (born 20 April 1972) is an Indian British actress. She appeared in Bollywood, Telugu, Malayalam, Tamil and Kannada films.
Early life and education.
Anjala Zaveri grew up in a conservative Gujarati family in Portsmouth, England. She has a sister and a brother.
She completed her A-Levels and was about to pursue medicine, when she took a break to act in movies.
Career.
Anjala Zaveri was discovered by Vinod Khanna in a nationwide search in England, and debuted with "Himalay Putra", which also marked Vinod's son Akshaye Khanna's film debut. She acted in "Betaabi". The only hit film in which she acted was the 1998 blockbuster romantic comedy, "Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya", starring Salman Khan and Kajol. In the same year, she starred opposite Chiranjeevi in the Telugu movie, "Choodalani Vundi".
She moved down south and was very successful in Tollywood films. She has done Tamil, Kannada and Malayalam films as well. She worked with actors like Chiranjeevi, Nagarjuna, Nandamuri Balakrishna, Venkatesh and Mammootty.

</doc>
<doc id="20482535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482535" title="Lexxi Tyler">
Lexxi Tyler

Lexxi Tyler (born May 16, 1983 in Beaverton, Oregon) is an American pornographic actress and model. She was the May 2009 "Penthouse" Pet of the Month.
Personal life.
Tyler is married to mixed martial artist Rob McCullough. The couple had their first child, a son, in March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20482536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482536" title="Spider-Man (2000 video game)">
Spider-Man (2000 video game)

Spider-Man is an action-adventure beat 'em up video game based on Marvel's "Spider-Man" franchise. It was developed by Neversoft and published by Activision for the PlayStation in 2000. The game was later ported to the Game Boy Color, Nintendo 64 (also known as Spider-Man 64 by some players), Dreamcast and Windows by various developers. Two direct sequels were developed and released in 2001; One by Vicarious Visions, ', released for PlayStation, and one by Torus Games, ', released for the Game Boy Color.
Plot.
While attending a scientific demonstration hosted by the supposedly reformed Dr. Otto Octavius, Peter Parker (Spider-Man) witnesses the appearance of a Spider-Man impostor who steals Doctor Octavius's experiment. Eddie Brock mistakes this for the real Spider-Man and tries to take pictures, but his camera is shattered by the Spider-Man impostor. Angry, Brock worries that J. Jonah Jameson will fire him from his new job at the Daily Bugle; all of his rage causes the Venom symbiote to surface, and he swears revenge. Everyone present at the demonstration believes that Spider-Man took the experiment, causing the police to begin a manhunt for Spider-Man.
Spider-Man is told by Black Cat that the Jade Syndicate is robbing a bank and have taken hostages. After foiling the bank robbery, Spider-Man fights Scorpion in order to keep him from killing J. Jonah Jameson. After defeating Scorpion, Spider-Man is forced to flee from the police. Spider-Man encounters Daredevil, who questions Spider-Man but is eventually convinced of his innocence, then states that he will spread the word about Spider-Man's innocence. Immediately after Daredevil leaves, Spider-Man is ambushed by a police chopper and is chased across the city. Upon ditching the helicopter, Spider-Man reunites with Black Cat, who alerts him to two new problems: Rhino is attacking a power plant and Venom has kidnapped Mary Jane Watson in order to lure Spider-Man. Spider-Man defeats Rhino at the power plant, but Black Cat is injured and kidnapped by unknown parties posing as paramedics.
Human Torch encourages him, but Spider-Man cannot locate Venom until the villain appears and leads Spider-Man on an elaborate chase. The player ends up meeting The Lizard, who explains that Venom locked him down there and took control of the other lizard men. Lizard finally gives him directions to Venom's hideout. After battling Venom and rescuing Mary Jane, Spider-Man convinces Brock that someone has framed him, and they visit the Daily Bugle for information after forming an alliance.
At the Bugle, Venom senses the presence of Carnage, his symbiote offspring, causing him to abandon Spider-Man, who deals with an infestation of symbiotes throughout the building. He finally locates the identity of the Spider-Man impostor: Mysterio. After being defeated by Spider-Man, Mysterio reveals that his bosses plan to infest New York with symbiotes, and that the fog that blankets the city acts as a beacon for the symbiotes that will prepare the citizens for symbiosis.
Mysterio's information leads Spider-Man to a warehouse that hides an enormous underground base in which the symbiotes that are cloned from Carnage's symbiote are being manufactured. Spider-Man learns that Mysterio was right when he runs into the Punisher at Warehouse 65. Spider-Man finds a path leading into an undersea base. After rescuing Black Cat, Spider-Man discovers the masterminds behind the plan: Doctor Octopus/Doc Ock (Otto Octavius) and Carnage. Spider-Man then battles Doc Ock, who is protected behind a force field, while Venom appears and goes off to battle Carnage. After Spider-Man defeats Doc Ock, Carnage knocks out Venom; Spider-Man defeats both villains, but the Carnage symbiote fuses with Doctor Octopus to produce an enormous, out-of-control monster, called "Monster Ock". Monster Ock accidentally destroys the base, and Spider-Man barely escapes to the surface with the unconscious Doctor Octopus, where he is rescued by Captain America, who was called by Black Cat and Venom, while the Carnage symbiote escapes.
Spider-Man is then shown playing cards with Captain America, Daredevil and the Punisher, while Black Cat and the Human Torch are dancing. Meanwhile in prison, Mysterio, Rhino, Scorpion and a Jade Syndicate thug are also playing cards as Doctor Octopus is banging his head on the cell bars. Scorpion openly mocks them for having "all worked together, but you still couldn't take out Spider-Man".
Development.
"Spider-Man" uses the same game engine as "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater". Spider-Man also was a hidden character in "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2", and during gameplay a reference is made to this. The PlayStation, Dreamcast and Windows versions have pre-rendered cutscenes whereas the Nintendo 64 version shows captioned freeze-frames done comic book style, and with less voice clips. The Lizard was meant to appear in the final cutscene but was not included in the final version of the game's cutscene. The Nintendo 64 version is coloquially referred to as "Spider-Man 64".
Audio.
Some of the voice actors from both the 1990s "Spider-Man" and "Spider-Man Unlimited" cartoons reprise their respective roles. For instance, Rino Romano reprises his role as Spider-Man from "Spider-Man Unlimited", Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. reprises his role as Doctor Octopus from the 1990s "Spider-Man" cartoon and Jennifer Hale reprises her roles as Black Cat from the 1990s "Spider-Man" cartoon and Mary Jane Watson from "Spider-Man Unlimited". The main song is a "rock n' roll" remix of the 1960s "Spider-Man" cartoon.
Gameplay.
The game sees the player controlling Spider-Man as he goes through each level, either trying to reach the exit or complete a certain objective. The player must restart the current level if Spider-Man runs out of health, falls off a building, or fails certain objectives (such as letting a hostage die). Spider-Man is able to utilize his spider powers to traverse the environments, being able to crawl on walls and ceilings, swing short distances and instantly zip between certain points. In combat, Spider-Man can utilize a limited supply of web-cartridges to attack his enemies, either webbing them up to stall or defeat them, increasing the strength of his attacks, or forming an explosive barrier. Spider-Man can also find power-ups such as Spider-Armor which temporarily increases his strength and defense, and Fire Webbing which is effective against symbiotes.
Alternative costumes.
There are variety of different costumes that span the course of Spider-Man's career featured in the game, each one achieved by accomplishing various goals or by entering in a cheat code. While some are just alternate character skins, others give Spider-Man new abilities. These costumes include the Symbiote, Spider-Man Unlimited, street clothes, Quick-Change Spider-Man, Bombastic Bagman (Named "Amazing Bag man"), Spider-Man 2099, Scarlet Spider, Ben Reilly and Captain Universe versions. Every time the game is completed, it will unlock another costume.
What If? mode.
Upon entering a code in the game (GBHSRSPM), a player can activate the What If? mode. What If? was a series of comics that looked at alternate takes of events in Marvel Comics history, and in much the same way the game becomes an alternate version of itself. Although the story plays the same, there are subtle differences scattered throughout the scenery and audio track. When a new game is started, Uatu the Watcher appears and explains to the player that things are no longer as they once were.
What If? mode is not available in the Nintendo 64 version of the game.
Reception.
"Spider-Man" received mostly positive reviews. GameRankings gave the game a score of 86.53% for the PlayStation version, 66.91% for the Game Boy Color version, 82.52% for the Nintendo 64 version, 80.23% for the Dreamcast version, and 67.96% for the PC version. Likewise, Metacritic gave it a score of 87 out of 100 for the PlayStation version, 72 out of 100 for the Nintendo 64 version, 80 out of 100 for the Dreamcast version, and 68 out of 100 for the PC version.
IGN gave the PlayStation version a 9 out of 10, calling it "arguably, the best Spider-Man game". GameSpot gave the same version a 7.7, calling it "excellent framework on which to base future Spider-Man games - and an exceptional game to boot." 
References to Popular Culture.
In the cutscene before the first fight with Venom, Venom taunts Spider-Man by calling out 'Spider-Wuss come to play.' This is a reference to a famous scene from the 1979 cult film The Warriors.
In one of the levels where Spider-Man has to chase after Venom, Venom says 'Watch that first step, Parker! It's a doozy!', when Spider-Man falls down a fleet of stairs (although this is not seen and only alluded to have happened). This is a reference to a scene in the movie Groundhog Day.
In What If? mode, Scorpion yells "Here's Johnny!" after breaking down the door during his boss battle. This is a reference to the famous line from The Shining.

</doc>
<doc id="20482549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482549" title="Arenig Fach">
Arenig Fach

Arenig Fach is a mountain in southern Snowdonia, north Wales. It is a peak in the Arenig range and lies to the north of its parent peak Arenig Fawr. 
It lies close to Llyn Celyn alongside the A4212 between Trawsfynydd and Bala. Carnedd y Filiast and Foel Goch (Arenigs) is to the east, while Moel Llyfnant, Gallt y Daren and Arenig Fawr are to the south. 
The summit itself is known as Carnedd Bachgen, named after the ancient cairn, "Carnedd y Bachgen" (which lies just north-east of the summit), and is the highest point at the north end of a wide plateau. There is a trig point and a substantial shelter cairn. The mountain rises from the Migneint moorland and looks like a bulky heathery "lump" from most directions. However, its north-eastern face has steep cliffs with a small corrie lake, Llyn Arenig Fach, at their bottom. The last glacier occupation of this corrie is thought to have happened during the Loch Lomond Stadial.

</doc>
<doc id="20482556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482556" title="Fläskkorv">
Fläskkorv

Fläskkorv () is a Swedish sausage made largely or entirely from pork. Traditionally it is sold raw (though now it is not uncommon to find precooked varieties), and often served during the Christmas smörgåsbord (Julbord).
A typical accompaniment is rotmos, a dish made from mashed carrots, potatoes and swedes.
"This article incorporates text translated from the corresponding Swedish Wikipedia article as of 30 November 2008."

</doc>
<doc id="20482558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482558" title="Aegopinella pura">
Aegopinella pura

Aegopinella pura is a species of small land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20482566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482566" title="Ventura Miguel Marcó del Pont">
Ventura Miguel Marcó del Pont

Buenaventura Miguel Marcó del Pont Ángel Díaz y Méndez (November 15, 1768 – December 28, 1836) was a Spanish merchant and treasurer for the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata.
Marcó del Pont was born in Vigo, Spain, the son of Buenaventura Marcó del Pont y Porí and of Juana Ángel Díaz y Méndez. He migrated to Buenos Aires in the 1790s and established a successful business. A member of the Spanish consulate (est. 1794), the Municipal Council or Cabildo (1797) and the Real Consulado de Comercio (1803), he was commissioner of the Real Caja de Consolidacion, in which capacity he had dealings with the Viceroy regarding the collection of taxes in Rio de La Plata. In 1807 he lent the Cabildo more than 12,000 pesos to offset losses incurred in the English invasions. He died December 28, 1836, in Andalucia, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20482567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482567" title="Aegopinella nitidula">
Aegopinella nitidula

Aegopinella nitidula (previously known as "Retinella nitidula") is a species of small land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.
Forsyth et al. (2001) reviews its identification and ecology.
Distribution.
This species occurs in these countries amongst others:

</doc>
<doc id="20482572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482572" title="Aegopinella nitens">
Aegopinella nitens

Aegopinella nitens is a species of small land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Czech Republic, Ukraine and other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20482575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482575" title="Aegopinella minor">
Aegopinella minor

Aegopinella minor is a species of small land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Czech Republic, Ukraine and other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20482576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482576" title="Arboretum Vilmorin">
Arboretum Vilmorin

The Arboretum Vilmorin (4 hectares) is a private arboretum located at 2 rue d'Estienne d'Orves, Verrières-le-Buisson, Essonne, Île-de-France, France. It is open by appointment only. A newer portion of the family arboretum was acquired by the municipality in 1975, and is now open to the public as the Arboretum municipal de Verrières-le-Buisson.
The arboretum is located on the site of a former hunting lodge of Louis XIV of France, acquired in 1815 by Philippe-André de Vilmorin (1776-1862), who also began today's Arboretum national des Barres in 1821. He transformed the lodge's grounds into a collection of trees and shrubs from around the world as missionaries and explorers sent specimens from the Far East, America, North Africa, Siberia, and the Caucasus. Plans for the arboretum walls are attributed to André Le Nôtre.
Today's arboretum has been tended by seven generations of the Vilmorin family, assisted in recent years by a scientific committee. At present the arboretum contains some 2,280 identified species, with major collections of Acer, Berberis, Deutzia, Euonymus, Malus, Lonicera, Philadelphus, Quercus, and Rhododendron. Specimens of interest include "Carya buckleyi", "Cedrus libani", "Chionanthus retusus", "Halesia diptera", "Juglans x intermedia", "Parrotia persica", "Pinus bungeana", "Pseudolarix amabilis", "Quercus persica", "Sorbus torminalis", "Taxodium ascendens", and "Torreya grandis". 

</doc>
<doc id="20482578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482578" title="Aegopinella epipedostoma">
Aegopinella epipedostoma

Aegopinella epipedostoma is a species of small land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Czech Republic, Ukraine and other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="20482585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482585" title="The BlackSheeps">
The BlackSheeps

The BlackSheeps is a Norwegian band from Nesseby. Their breakthrough came following their participation in the MGP jr, a song contest for children organised by Norwegian state broadcaster NRK. Having won MGP jr 2008 with the song "Oro jaska, beana" ("Be Quiet, Dog") the group went on to represent Norway in the MGP Nordic 2008. They also won this competition after receiving more than half the votes. The band was recently the subject of a legal dispute over the dismissal of two band members, unpaid royalties, and the right to use the band name. However, it was ruled that the band still holds the right to the name, and former band members Alexander Touryguin and Viktoria Eriksen are not owed any money.
History.
The group was formed in 2008 by singer Agnete Johnsen, guitarist Emelie Nilsen, bassist Alexander Touryguin, and drummer Viktoria Eriksen. On June 2, 2007, the group participated in Melodi Grand Prix Junior 2008 with their song "Oro, Jaska, Beana." The group won the contest and went on to represent Norway in MGP Nordic 2008. On November 29, 2008, the group won MGP Nordic 2008 after receiving more than half of the votes. "Oro, Jaska, Beana" reached #1 in the Norwegian Singles Charts afterwards.
In June 2010, Touryguin and Eriksen were dismissed from the band and were replaced by Nikolaj Gloppen and Simon Stenvoll Pedersen respectively.
In 2011, the band participated in Melodi Grand Prix 2011, with their song "Dance Tonight." They ultimately came 2nd place, losing out to the song "Haba Haba" by Stella Mwangi. The band became the subject of a legal dispute over the dismissal of Touryguin and Eriksen, unpaid royalties and the right to use the band name. However, it was recently ruled that the band still holds the right to the name, and Touryguin and Eriksen are not owed any money.
Trivia.
In a live chat on the website of Norwegian newspaper "VG", the group was confronted with the grammatical incorrectness of their name. The group said they were aware that “sheeps” was not the correct plural form but contended that this did not matter. “Many bands have spelling mistakes in their name, such as The Beatles. Remember it’s just a band name, so anything works,” was their reply.

</doc>
<doc id="20482594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482594" title="Christo's Valley Curtain">
Christo's Valley Curtain

"Christo's Valley Curtain" is a 1974 American short documentary film directed by Albert and David Maysles, about Christo and Jeanne-Claudes "Valley Curtain" project. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20482603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482603" title="Aime Mäemets">
Aime Mäemets

She finished University of Tartu in 1954. From 1961 to 1996 she worked in Estonian Institute of Zoology and Botany and was well-known specialist about Potamogetonaceae plants.

</doc>
<doc id="20482610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482610" title="Telegrafverket">
Telegrafverket

Telegrafverket may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20482611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482611" title="Gushi culture">
Gushi culture

Gushi () or Jushi (), was an ancient culture around the Turpan basin, in what is today the Xinjiang region of China.
Historical accounts.
The area around Ayding Lake in the Turpan region was said to be the territory of the Gushi people. According to historical accounts, these people "lived in tents, followed the grasses and waters, and had considerable knowledge of agriculture. They owned cattle, horses, camels sheep and goats. There were proficient with bows and arrows". The Gushi and the kingdom of Kroran were linked in the account of Zhang Qian, presuamably because they were under the control of the Xiongnu. In the years around 60 BC, Gushi fell to the Chinese after the Battle of Jushi and was subsequently known as Jushi.
Jushi then further differentiated into two kingdoms, the "Nearer Jushi" (Turfan) and the "Further Jushi" (Jimasa).
Archaeology and research.
The Yanghai Tombs, a vast ancient cemetery (54 000 m2) attributed to this culture, have revealed the 2,700-year-old grave of a shaman. Near the head and foot of the shaman lay a large leather basket and wooden bowl filled with 789g of cannabis, superbly preserved by climatic and burial conditions. An international team demonstrated that this material contained tetrahydrocannabinol, the psychoactive component of cannabis. The cannabis was presumably employed by this culture as a medicinal or psychoactive agent, or an aid to divination. This is the oldest documentation of cannabis as a pharmacologically active agent.
The cache of cannabis is about 2,700 years old and was clearly "cultivated for psychoactive purposes," rather than as fibre for clothing or as food, says a research paper in the "Journal of Experimental Botany." The 789 grams of dried cannabis was buried alongside a light-haired, blue-eyed Caucasian man, likely a shaman of the Gushi culture, near Turpan in northwestern China. The extremely dry conditions and alkaline soil acted as preservatives, allowing a team of scientists to carefully analyze the stash, which still looked green though it had lost its distinctive odour.
This shaman was caucasoid, and was well over six feet tall. He may belong to, or was related to the Yuezhi people or Tocharians known to have lived in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="20482618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482618" title="Ireneo Affò">
Ireneo Affò

Ireneo Affò (born Davide, 10 December 1741 – 14 May 1797) known in Italy as "Irenaeus", was an art historian, writer, and numismatist Italian belonging to the Order of Friars Minor Observant, or "Franciscan friar".
Personal background.
Affò was born in 1741, in Busseto, which is a "comune" in the province of Parma, in Emilia-Romagna in Northern Italy. It became the home of the opera composer Giuseppe Verdi when he moved there in 1824. 
Observing his early inclination for drawing and poetry, Affò's father encouraged him to study in the workshop of the painter and sculptor, Pietro Balestra. After a short time, Affò began pursuing studies in fine arts, demonstrating abilities in the writing.
In his youth, Affò became a friar in the branch of the Franciscan order. He continued to pursue his writing, which included poetry. He composed a song to the Virgin Mary, as well as another on Noah's Ark. He began to cultivate the study of learning, conducting extensive historical research of Italy and the surrounding area.
Ferdinand, Duke of Parma sent Affò to serve as a professor of philosophy at Guastalla in 1768, where he oversaw the publication of two ancient codices, including Angelo Poliziano's "Orpheus", and the newly discovered archive of "the Holy Spirit" in Reggio Emilia. He then edited the critical edition of poetic works of St. Francis of Assisi. His major work in the literary field is still represented by the first five volumes of "Memoirs of writers and scholars of Parma" (1789 – 1797). While at Guastalla, Affò wrote his "History of the city and duchy of Guastalla". He wrote also, "History of Parma, until 1346", as well as other works connected with the ancient history of Italy. Affò's writing became highly respected throughout Italy. 
In 1778, Affò was called to Parma as deputy librarian of the Court Paciaudi Mary Paul. While his writing covered a wide variety of subjects, his research was uncannily accurate and valued at the library. 
In 1785, he became director of the Palatine Library, and later became historiographer of the "Journal of the duchy" and honorary Professor of History at the university. In 1792, Affò began publishing the four volumes of the "History of Parma". 
He died at the age of 56, in the convent of Busseto, when he contracted typhus fever. He left a manuscript "History of Peter Louis Farnese". Girolamo Tiraboschi, an Italian literary critic and historian of Italian literature often quotes his works. His "Poetical Dictionary" and "Memoirs", as well as other pieces are inserted in the "Raccolta Ferrarese di Opuscoli".
References.
"This article incorporates text from A New General Biographical Dictionary (1857) by Hugh James Rose and Henry John Rose, a publication now in the public domain."

</doc>
<doc id="20482655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482655" title="Erast Parmasto">
Erast Parmasto

Parmasto was born in Nõmme. He became a member of the Estonian Institute of Zoology and Botany in 1950 and served as its director from 1985 to 1990. His establishment of a mushroom herbarium in 1950 has since seen recognition of 160,000 samples, 37,000 of which Parmasto himself collected.
Parmasto published more than 150 papers and 200 articles during his academic career and his works are commonly used in popular scientific and academic journals in Estonia. His expertise in the field of mycology has resulted in him being nicknamed "Seenevana", or the "grand old man of mushrooms". As a mycologist, the field with which Parmasto was most associated, he was best known for his establishment and enhancement of databases for species of mushrooms within Estonia. He was also the author of the first Estonian-language textbook on biosystematics in history.
He served as the president of the Estonian Naturalists' Society between 1973 and 1976 and was an honorary member of the society from 1988. Between 1973 and 1981 he was also the academic secretary in the Department of Chemical, Geological and Biological Sciences of the Estonian Academy of Sciences. He would later work as a Professor of Botany and Ecology at the University of Tartu from 1987 to 1995.
Parmasto worked as the senior researcher in the Mycology Department of the Institute of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences at the Estonian University of Life Sciences.
Awards.
He was a recipient of the Karl Ernst von Baeri medal in 1976. In 1994 he won the National Science Prize from the Yearly Award, Culture and Society, and in 2002, was awarded the honorable Lifetime Achievement Award in Biosciences and the Environment again. In 2008 he was given the Eerik Kumari Award for his contributions to Bioscience. Jaanus Kala, Deputy Secretary-General of the Ministry of the Environment and chairman of the award's jury said of the scientist, “Erast Parmasto has dedicated his life’s work to studying nature and to promoting its protection among the public”.
Publications.
Some of Parmasto's more important publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="20482657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482657" title="Friedrich Calker">
Friedrich Calker

Friedrich Calker (July 4, 1790 – January 5, 1870), German philosopher, was educated in Jena. For a short time, he was a lecturer in Berlin. In 1818, he was called to an extraordinary professorship in the newly founded University of Bonn, becoming an ordinary professor in 1826. He substantially echoed the ideas of his teacher Jakob Fries. His two major works are "Urgesetzlehre des Wahren, Guten und Schönen" ("The Original Teachings on the Law of the True, Good and Beautiful"; Berlin 1820) und "Denklehre" ("Logic"; Bonn 1822).

</doc>
<doc id="20482682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482682" title="Alessandro Bruno">
Alessandro Bruno

Alessandro Bruno (born 4 July 1983 in Benevento, Italy) is an Italian footballer. He currently plays as a defender for Italian Serie B team Latina.

</doc>
<doc id="20482684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482684" title="Disturbingthepeace">
Disturbingthepeace

Disturbingthepeace (foaled 1998 in California) is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Bred by Buddy Johnston, the owner of Old English Rancho in Sanger, California, Disturbingthepeace was purchased by David Milch and his wife Rita as in May 2001. At the 2002 Fasig-Tipton November select sale, Bill and Donna Herrick, who race under the name Herrick Racing, acquired an interest in Disturbingthepeace.
Trained by Darrell Vienna, after losing his first two starts in 2002, the gelding won six straight races. He then went winless in his next six races including a seventh-place finish in the 2002 Breeders' Cup Sprint at Chicago's Arlington Park Racetrack. On August 17, 2003, Disturbingthepeace snapped his losing streak at Del Mar Racetrack when he became the first two-time winner in the history of the Pat O'Brien Handicap. He was then sidelined for nearly a year with a sesamoid injury and did not return to racing until July 25, 2004 when he finished ninth in the Bing Crosby Breeders' Cup Handicap. In his next and last start on August 25, Disturbingthepeace finished fourth in an allowance/optional claiming race at Del Mar Racetrack.

</doc>
<doc id="20482692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482692" title="Jean-Claude Sandrier">
Jean-Claude Sandrier

Jean-Claude Sandrier (born 7 August 1945 in Gannat, Allier) is a French politician and former Mayor of Bourges. He is a member of the French Communist Party. 
Joining the Communist in the Bourges city council in 1977, Sandrier became mayor of the city in 1989, but was not re-elected in 1995. He was elected member of Parliament for the second constituency of the Cher in the 1997 election and was re-elected in 2002 and 2007. He is a member and current president of the GDR parliamentary group in the 13th Legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="20482698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482698" title="Masahiro Kunda">
Masahiro Kunda

Masahiro Kunda (薫田真広 Kunda Masahiro, born September 29, 1966) is Japanese rugby union hooker and coach. Kunda played for Toshiba Brave Lupus, a team he coached to a League title victory in 2007. Originally from Gifu Prefecture, he was educated at University of Tsukuba (Tsukuba Daigaku). He served as the captain in the 1995 Rugby World Cup and is now Head Coach of the Japan U20s squad.

</doc>
<doc id="20482702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482702" title="Joe Magarac and His USA Citizen Papers">
Joe Magarac and His USA Citizen Papers

Joe Magarac and His USA Citizen Papers is a novel for children by the American writer Irwin Shapiro (1911–1981) set in the steel valley of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It tells the story of the "legendary" steelworker Joe Magarac, who when a mill boss tells him that he needs $1,000 to get his American citizenship papers, goes on a working spree to earn the money. Magarac gets angry, however, when a U.S. Congressman tells him to go back to the Old Country where he came from. Magarac rips up rails and knocks down buildings and in a climatic rage in the manner of King Kong scales the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20482704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482704" title="Jack Brewer (baseball)">
Jack Brewer (baseball)

Jack Herndon "Buddy" Brewer (April 21, 1918 – November 30, 2003) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the New York Giants. Listed at , 170 lb., Brewer threw and batted right-handed. He attended University of Southern California.
In a three-season career, Brewer posted a 9–10 record with 73 strikeouts and a 4.36 ERA in 43 appearances, including 28 starts, 10 complete games, and 216 ⅔ innings of work. 

</doc>
<doc id="20482731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482731" title="Juan de la O">
Juan de la O

Juan de la O (born July 24, 1966 in Mexico City) is a Mexican indoor soccer goalkeeper who played in several U.S. indoor leagues. He was the 1997 Continental Indoor Soccer League Goalkeeper of the Year.
De La O began his indoor career in the Mexican indoor soccer leagues. In 1995, he played for the Mexico Toros of the Continental Indoor Soccer League. The team lasted only that one season before folding and the Seattle SeaDogs selected De La O in the CISL dispersal draft. He played the next two seasons with the SeaDogs. He was the 1996 CISL Goalkeeper of the Year. In 1997, the SeaDogs won the CISL championships as De La O was named the Championship Series MVP. When the CISL collapsed at the end of the 1997 season, D La O held the league record for lowest goals against average. Where the CISL had played a summer indoor season, the National Professional Soccer League played a winter indoor season. De La O therefore, moved to the Philadelphia KiXX of the NPSL in the fall of 1997. In 1998, several ex-CISL formed a new league, named the Premier Soccer Alliance. De La O signed with the Portland Pythons for the 1998 PSA season but was back in the NPSL that fall, this time with the Florida ThunderCats. In 1999, he played for the Houston Hotshots in the PSA, now known as the World Indoor Soccer League. He moved again for the 2000 WISL season, this time playing for the Arizona Thunder. It appears he may have finished his U.S. career in 2001 with the Sacramento Knights. However, he may have continued to play in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20482737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482737" title="Four Stones for Kanemitsu">
Four Stones for Kanemitsu

Four Stones for Kanemitsu is a 1973 American short documentary film produced by June Wayne. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20482741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482741" title="Midnight Madness (basketball)">
Midnight Madness (basketball)

Midnight Madness is an annual event that celebrates the first day in mid-October that the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) permits formal basketball practices each college basketball season. In some cases, the name has literal meaning since an event is scheduled starting at midnight at the very first moment that is allowed. Some other campuses have sunrise practice session events on the opening day of the season, while others have theirs during prime time. The event has become both a form of boosterism and recruiting. In some cases, the teams are both celebrating the potential of a new team and the success of the previous season's teams. Schools sometimes schedule banner raising events in conjunction with the event. In 2011, events began on October 14.
At some schools, both the men's and women's teams celebrate the beginning of the regular season. In 2008, there was controversy over some schools' applications to host public practice sessions in association with the "Offseason Workout Rule" before regular practice sessions were to be permitted. In 2013, the NCAA approved beginning practices two weeks earlier than in the past for men's basketball.
History.
Prior to the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season men's and women's basketball teams were not permitted to practice prior to the Friday closest to October 15. In 2013, the NCAA ruled that men's practices could begin two weeks earlier as long as teams held no more than 30 days of practice in the six weeks prior to the first regular season game. Maryland Terrapins head coach Lefty Driesell started the tradition at 12:03 a.m. on October 15, 1971 with a 1.5 mile run. The early practice session was attended by 3,000 fans at the track surrounding Byrd Stadium on the University of Maryland campus. Driesell continued the annual midnight practice session throughout his tenure at Maryland, and brought the tradition with him when he became head coach at Georgia State University. In 2008, that school delayed the event until sunrise for the first time since Driesell established the tradition.
In 1982, the Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team began to officially promote a celebration dubbed "Midnight Madness" as a school event with formal entertainment acts and an invited student audience. Another of the more famous events is "Late Night in the Phog" at Kansas, which was started in 1985 by Larry Brown and is now broadcast in live streaming video via the Internet. The event has caught on on most campuses; various programs have given away T-shirts and allowed players do stunt dunks and half court shots. Some schools schedule intrasquad scrimmages, three-point shooting contests and/or slam dunk contests. The event is often a co-ed event, in which both the men's and women's team participate in the celebration, especially at schools like the University of Connecticut, where the men's and women's teams have a combined eight championships. Scout.com estimated that in 2007, approximately 160 of the top blue chip high school basketball recruits in the country were attending a Midnight Madness event during the weekend that opens the basketball season.
In 2013, men's basketball approved a rule change to allow up to 30 practices in the 6 weeks before the start of the season rather than in 4 weeks. This change was made to provide more flexible scheduling that accommodated off days in the preseason practice schedule. However, the women's programs rejected moving the date forward so as not to conflict with recruiting. As a result of practices beginning so early, several teams opted to celebrate midnight madness later in the six week practice window.
Details.
In the 21st century, most basketball programs from large Division I schools have planned a pep rally with MCs, music, dancing and other festivities to encourage support of the program. Celebrity guests and alumni participate in entertaining the students. Often, there is significant publicity surrounding the event, which may include televised broadcasts, published press releases and various new media exposure.
Some of the more outlandish occurrences during such events included coach participation, such as Michigan State Spartans men's basketball coach Tom Izzo riding a Harley-Davidson motorcycle onto the court and Florida Gators men's basketball coach Billy Donovan rising out of a coffin. Although signing week, when top recruits sign letters of intent that commit them to specific schools, does not occur until November, blue chip high school recruits are sometimes welcomed at these events even in their junior years. Usually a prescribed number of fans (such as the first 1000) receive a gifts such as t-shirts, posters, autographs, road game vacation packages, and other free paraphernalia. At many such events, a student is chosen for a half court shot giveaway. Sometimes the events are televised live by sports networks such as the Big Ten Network, and other times highlights are shown on highlight shows such as ESPN's "SportsCenter". ESPNU has begun extensive yearly coverage of midnight madness events and in 2008 televised events at Davidson College, the University of Kansas, Georgetown University, Gonzaga University and Indiana University. The events have been reported for years in print media such as newspapers, magazines and the internet. Although Midnight Madness has become a prime time event for many premier basketball programs, some schools have continued the tradition of having their first practice at 12:00 on the first day regular practice is allowed.
As of 2006, the University of Kentucky held the record for attendance at this type of sports rally with an attendance of 23,312 at Rupp Arena. Kentucky has sold out Rupp Arena multiple times for what they call "Big Blue Madness" and in the 2008–09 Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball season fans had to camp out in lines for days in advance to obtain tickets.
One celebratory function of the evening is often to raise NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship or Final Four banners to the rafters in an official ceremony. In 2008, both 2008 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament finalists, the Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball and Memphis Tigers men's basketball teams, did so during their respective Midnight Madness event. The October 16, 2009 celebrations occurred on many campuses and a sampling were aired on the ESPN family of networks. Five Big Ten Conference schools celebrated Midnight Madness.
Exceptions.
In 2008, some teams attempted to host Midnight Madness in association with special early restricted practices instead of the first day of regular practices. These universities felt that since their football teams had home games the week before the opening date of formal practices, which had become the traditional Midnight Madness date, they would be better off holding Midnight Madness on the weekend before. In 2008, teams were allowed to practice two hours per week between September 15 and October 17 under what is known as the "Offseason Workout Rule," and at least four notable public "practice" session (by Illinois, Kentucky, Marshall and West Virginia) were held during these weekly practices before daily practices were permitted. At the University of Illinois, the Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball and women's basketball teams hosted scrimmages at Memorial Stadium after an October 11 game between the Illinois Fighting Illini football team and the Minnesota Golden Gophers football team. Since the attendance for the football game was 62,870, this event was described as the "World's Largest Basketball Practice". Charlie Zegers reports that the practice session events occurred both at halftime and after the game.
Kentucky was one of the schools that held their public practice event a week early in part because they could lure more recruiting prospects during a week when most other programs were not hosting similar events. The National Association of Basketball Coaches asked the Southeastern Conference to force Kentucky to adhere to the traditionally scheduled practice to no avail. They then belatedly petitioned the NCAA to legislate conformity unsuccessfully. Kentucky coach Billy Gillispie had contacted the Kentucky's compliance office, the SEC and the NCAA to ensure that no rules were being violated.
Illinois head coach Bruce Weber, had also received permission for the early practice festivities from the NCAA. He had proposed having a September 13 session in association with a home football game against University of Louisiana at Lafayette. The date with the Louisiana–Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns would have in all likelihood been a more favorable day in terms of the climate, but this date preceded even the Offseason Workout Rule dates. It is anticipated that in the future, public basketball practices linked to the Offseason Workout Rule will be banned. Illinois claimed that their date change was not intended to give it a recruiting advantage in terms of scheduling conflicts.

</doc>
<doc id="20482759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482759" title="Haide-Ene Rebassoo">
Haide-Ene Rebassoo

Haide-Ene Rebassoo (born 25 January 1935 in Tallinn) is an Estonian botanist.
She was affiliated with the Institute of Zoology and Botany from 1960–1979 and 1983–1993. In 1975 she notably published her scientific findings on sea shore plants in the Islands of Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="20482770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482770" title="Unimodular polynomial matrix">
Unimodular polynomial matrix

In mathematics, a unimodular polynomial matrix is a square polynomial matrix whose inverse exists and is itself a polynomial matrix. Equivalently, a polynomial matrix "A" is unimodular if its determinant det("A") is a nonzero constant.

</doc>
<doc id="20482786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482786" title="Oro jaska, beana">
Oro jaska, beana

"Oro jaska beana" is a song by Norwegian group The BlackSheeps. It won both the Norwegian MGP jr contest in September 2008 and went on to win MGP Nordic 2008, beating songs from Denmark, Sweden and Finland.
The song reached #1 in the official Norwegian charts.
The song is sung mainly in Norwegian, but has some phrases in Sami. The title is Sami and means "Be Quiet, Dog".
The track won The BlackSheeps a Spellemann award (Norwegian "Grammy") in the category "Årets låt" ("Song of the year") at Spellemannprisen 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20482788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482788" title="Killarney GAA">
Killarney GAA

GAA Killarney are a former Football and Hurling Divisional Team in County Kerry, Ireland and composed of players from the Dr Crokes and Legion clubs. They have won 2 Kerry Senior Football Championships in 1949 and 1983 and 1 Kerry Senior Hurling Championship in 1969 and were beaten in the final in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="20482790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482790" title="Olga Kubassevich">
Olga Kubassevich


</doc>
<doc id="20482802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482802" title="Pasquale Berardi">
Pasquale Berardi

Pasquale Berardi (born 3 January 1983 in Carbonara, Italy) is an Italian footballer. He plays as a midfielder. He is currently playing for Italian Serie D team Sulmona.

</doc>
<doc id="20482805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482805" title="S Tennis Masters Challenger">
S Tennis Masters Challenger

The s Tennis Masters Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Graz, Austria since 1991. The event is part of the "ATP challenger series and is played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20482830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482830" title="Children at Work">
Children at Work

Children at Work () is a 1973 Irish short documentary film produced by Louis Marcus. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20482833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482833" title="Bruce Watson (politician)">
Bruce Watson (politician)

Bruce Watson (Gaelic: Bruis Mac Uait); was a Scottish nationalist politician.
By profession a Professor of organic chemistry, Watson became active in the Scottish National Party (SNP). In 1945, the SNP Chairman Douglas Young resigned after the party banned members from also holding membership of British political parties. Watson held that attempting to win self-government through British parties was a waste of time, and took up the vacant party chairmanship without facing a challenge.
In 1946, Watson chaired a large conference in Perth which demanded self-government for Scotland. In 1947, he stood down from the Chairmanship of the SNP in order that he could be succeeded by Robert McIntyre, a former Member of Parliament and the best-known figure in the party.
Based in Aberdeen, Watson remained active in the SNP into the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="20482834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482834" title="Estonian Institute of Zoology and Botany">
Estonian Institute of Zoology and Botany

The Estonian Institute of Zoology and Botany (Estonian:"Zooloogia ja Botaanika Instituut") (ZBI) is a zoological and botanical research institute based in Tartu, Estonia. It was founded in 1947. Since 1997, it belongs to the Estonian University of Life Sciences as a central biological research institute in the country.
The Institute of Zoology and Botany is the only research unit in Estonia to administer and distribute data and expertise on taxonomic composition in the country. It provides data on the country's flora, microevolution of vegetation, naturalisation, the invasion of non-native species and vegetation population dynamics.
The scholars who have worked in this institute include Jaan Eilart, Toomas Frey, Andres Koppel, Toomas Kukk, Ülle Kukk, Kalevi Kull, Olevi Kull, Tiiu Kull, Eerik Kumari, Vilma Kuusk, Liivia Laasimer, Malle Leht, Aime Mäemets, Ingmar Ott, Erast Parmasto, Kaljo Pork, Haide-Ene Rebassoo, et al.

</doc>
<doc id="20482838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482838" title="Left Party (France)">
Left Party (France)

The Left Party ("Parti de Gauche", PG) is a French democratic socialist political party. It seeks to emulate the German political party Die Linke led by Katja Kipping and Bernd Riexinger.
History.
It was founded in November 2008 by former socialist senator Jean-Luc Mélenchon and deputy Marc Dolez and others dissidents of the party together with the MARS movement (Mouvement pour une Alternative Républicaine et Sociale - Movement for a Republican and Social Alternative).
They had left the PS five days earlier, in protest of the result of the Reims Congress vote on motions, where the leftist motion they supported won only 19%.
They were joined after by other members from the left of the Socialist Party, by people who hadn't been members of a political party before and by dissidents from the Green Party following the deputy Martine Billard.
In November 2013, the PG joined the international Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) campaign against Israel.
Elected officials.
Around ninety local elected officials (municipal, regional and general councillors), including two municipal councillors in Paris, have also joined the party.
Popular support and electoral record.
The PG has not yet run independently in an election, so its base of support is hard to pin-point.

</doc>
<doc id="20482845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482845" title="Neelipleona">
Neelipleona

Neelipleona is a name given to some Hexapods of the subclass Collembola (Springtails). While their taxonomic rank remains broadly settled as family Neelidae, Neelipleona has been described at Order or Suborder rank.
Taxonomic rank.
Many authors consider the "Neelipleona" Symphypleona of the superfamily Sminthuroidea, family Neelidae.
However, in other accounts, Neelipleona are either a distinct order from the three less controversial Springtail orders (Entomobryomorpha, Poduromorpha and Symphypleona) or a distinct suborder of Symphypleona, or placed in the Entomobryomorpha.

</doc>
<doc id="20482849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482849" title="List of 2007 box office number-one films in South Korea">
List of 2007 box office number-one films in South Korea

This is a list of films which have been placed number-one at the South Korean box office during 2007, based on admissions.

</doc>
<doc id="20482860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482860" title="Henri Mouton">
Henri Mouton

Henri Mouton [5 September 1869, Cambrai (Nord) - 13 June 1935, Bezons (Val d'Oise)) was a French scientist.
He entered the École normale supérieure in 1889. He was a biologist at the Institut Pasteur, then maître de conférences at the Faculté des sciences in Paris from 1917, and finally professor of physical chemistry from 1927. He is best known for his discovery in 1907 of the Cotton-Mouton effect in collaboration with Aimé Cotton.

</doc>
<doc id="20482863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482863" title="Hesitation step">
Hesitation step

The term hesitation step refers to a ceremonial form of walking. It is typically used during the entrance to a religious ceremony.
The walk consists of stepping forward, pausing, rocking back on the back leg, then proceeding to the next step forward. In other variations, there is simply a pause between steps with the feet poised together.
A form of the hesitation step is often used by brides and bridal parties in the United States and Europe during their entrance to the wedding ceremony. It is also often used during graduations, particularly from religious schools for girls.

</doc>
<doc id="20482873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482873" title="Anatoly Kulikov">
Anatoly Kulikov

Anatoly Sergeevich Kulikov (, b. September 4, 1946, in Stavropol Krai, Russian SFSR) is a Russian General of the Army, former Interior Minister of Russia (1995-1998).
In 1992 Kulikov became Commander of the Interior Troops. Hence he was one of the commanders of pro-government forces during the 1993 Constitutional Crisis in Moscow and the First Chechen War. In early 1995 Kulikov was appointed commander of the Joint Group of Federal Forces in Chechnya and he commanded the Russian forces during the infamous Samashki massacre.
On July 6, 1995, after the Budyonnovsk hostage crisis, he succeeded Viktor Yerin as Interior Minister of Russia. In August 1996 Alexander Lebed, who had just been appointed Secretary of the Security Council of Russia, blamed Kulikov for the disastrous Battle of Grozny and requested President Boris Yeltsin sack him. However, Yeltsin declined his request and in October fired Lebed from his position. Eventually, Kulikov was dismissed in March 1998 along with the entire second cabinet of Viktor Chernomyrdin.
While most of the ministers of the old cabinet were reappointed to Sergei Kiriyenko's Cabinet, Kulikov wasn't and Sergei Stepashin became the next Interior Minister. Afterwards, Kulikov was elected to the State Duma twice, in the 1999 election and 2003 election, and was a member of the pro-government United Russia faction.

</doc>
<doc id="20482876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482876" title="Hasan Mahmudi Kamboh">
Hasan Mahmudi Kamboh

Hasan Mahmudi (or Mahdi) Kamboh was an ancestor of the Kamboh Nawabs od Meerut. He was a Wazir (minister) of Sultan Mahmud of Ghazni (971 AD - 1030 AD) and came to India during one of Sultan's war expeditions against the India during tenth/eleventh centuries. Hasan Mahmudi Kamboh captured the city of Meerut from its Raja Mai. Many Kamboh soldiers of his regiment are stated to have fallen during the attack. To perpetuate their memory, Husan Mahmudi erected "Jama Masjid" in 1019 AD, adjacent to where his Kamboh soldiers fell fighting during attack on Meerut. It was later repaired by Mughal Emperor Humayun in sixteenth century. Hasan Mahmudi’s descendants later built another important building called Sangi Mahal. Both these ancient buildings still exist in Meerut. In later times, the most notable members from Hasan Mahmudi’s family were "Nawab Mohammad Khan alias Nawab General Kheir Andesh Khan" and "Nawab General Kheir Andesh Khan Sani". Nawab Mohammad Khan who flourished in the reigns of Shah Jahan and Aurangzeb had built the famous Khairnagar gate, Meerut fort, and many other buildings in Meerut.

</doc>
<doc id="20482878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482878" title="Jim Ashmore">
Jim Ashmore

James "Jim" Ashmore (born May 14, 1935) is an American retired basketball player.
Ashmore attended Mississippi State University from 1954-57 after growing up in New Market, Missouri. He played on the MSU basketball team and was notable for being Mississippi's first college basketball player to score more than 1,000 career points, scoring a total of 1,918 points. In 1957, Ashmore scored 45 points in a single game. He made 76.6% of his free throws in his 1956-57 season.
Ashmore was honored as a Converse and Helms Foundation All-American in 1956-57 and was inducted into the Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20482911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482911" title="Matilda of England, Duchess of Saxony">
Matilda of England, Duchess of Saxony

Matilda of England (also called Maud; 1156 – 28 June 1189) was the eldest daughter of Henry II of England and Eleanor of Aquitaine. Through her marriage with Henry the Lion, she was Duchess of Saxony and of Bavaria.
Early life.
Matilda was a younger maternal half-sister of Marie de Champagne and Alix of France. Henry the Young King was her older brother. She was also an older sister of Richard I of England, Geoffrey II, Duke of Brittany, Eleanor of England, Queen of Castile, Joan of England and John of England. Matilda seems to have spent much of her early life in the company of her mother, Queen Eleanor. She was named after her paternal grandmother.
Marriage.
In 1165 Rainald of Dassel, Archbishop of Cologne, arrived at the court of King Henry II at Rouen, to negotiate a German match for Matilda. There was conflict during the negotiations, however, when Robert de Beaumont, 2nd Earl of Leicester refused to greet the archbishop, alleging him to be a schismatic and a supporter of the anti-pope, Victor IV. The original plan to match a daughter of Henry II with a son of Frederick I, Holy Roman Emperor, was abandoned, and instead Matilda left England in September 1167 to marry Henry the Lion.
She married Henry the Lion, Duke of Saxony and Bavaria, on 1 February 1168 at Minden Cathedral. They had four sons and one daughter:
Three other children are listed, by some sources, as having belonged to Henry and Matilda:
Regency and exile.
At the time of their marriage, Henry the Lion was one of the most powerful allies of Frederick I, Holy Roman Emperor. Matilda governed her husband's vast estates during his absence in the Holy Land from 1172 to 1173. In 1174, Henry the Lion became involved in a conflict with the Emperor Frederick, and Henry and Matilda were forced to flee Germany and take refuge in Normandy at her father's court in 1182. During this time at the royal court at Argentan, Matilda became acquainted with the Troubadour Bertran de Born, who, calling her "Elena" or "Lana", made her the object of his desire in two of his poems of "courtly love".
Matilda, her husband, and their family remained in Normandy under the protection and support of King Henry until 1185, when they were allowed to return to Saxony. Early in 1189 the Emperor again ordered Henry the Lion to go into exile. This time Matilda remained at Brunswick to defend the interests of her husband but died just three months later.

</doc>
<doc id="20482926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482926" title="Matilda of Saxony">
Matilda of Saxony

Matilda of Saxony may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20482943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482943" title="Quadrants of Washington, D.C.">
Quadrants of Washington, D.C.

Washington, D.C., is administratively divided into four geographical quadrants of unequal size, each delineated by their ordinal directions from the medallion located in the Crypt under the Rotunda of the Capitol. Street and number addressing, centered on the Capitol, radiates out into each of the quadrants, producing a number of intersections of identically named cross-streets in each quadrant. Originally, the District of Columbia was a near-perfect square. However, even then the Capitol was never located at the geographic center of the territory (the geographic center was located near the present-day intersection of 17th Street, NW and Constitution Ave.). As a result, the quadrants are of greatly varying size. Northwest is quite large, encompassing over a third of the city's geographical area, while Southwest is little more than a neighborhood and military base.
Northwest.
"Northwest" (also written as "NW" or "N.W.") is located north of the National Mall and west of North Capitol Street. It is the largest of the four quadrants of the city, and it includes the central business district, the Federal Triangle, The National Smithsonian Zoo, and the museums along the northern side of the National Mall, as well as such neighborhoods as Foggy Bottom, West End, Petworth, Dupont Circle, Logan Circle, LeDroit Park, Georgetown, Adams Morgan, Embassy Row, Glover Park, Tenleytown,Petworth, Piney Branch, Emergy, Shepherd Park, Crestwood, Bloomingdale, and Friendship Heights.
Northeast.
"Northeast" (NE or N.E.) is located north of East Capitol Street and east of North Capitol Street. Northeast neighborhoods include Brentwood, Brookland, Ivy City, Marshall Heights, NOMA (North of Massachusetts) Pleasant Hill, Stanton Park, Trinidad, Michigan Park, Riggs Park, Fort Totten, Fort Lincoln, Edgewood, and Woodridge, as well as much of Capitol Hill.
Southeast.
"Southeast" (SE or S.E.) is located south of East Capitol Street and east of South Capitol Street. Southeast D.C. is noted for its high crime rate, the highest in the District. It has a rich cultural history, including the historic Capitol Hill and Anacostia neighborhoods, the Navy Yard, the Marine Barracks, the Anacostia River waterfront, historic Eastern Market, the remains of several Civil War-era forts, historic St. Elizabeths Hospital, RFK Stadium, Nationals Park, and the Congressional Cemetery. The quadrant is bisected by the Anacostia River, with the portion that is west of the river sometimes referred to as "Near Southeast" and the portion east of the river is known as "River East". Many people falsely call the entire eastern portion of the quadrant Anacostia, although the name refers only to a small area along Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard.
Southwest.
"Southwest" (SW or S.W.) is located south of the National Mall and west of South Capitol Street and is the smallest quadrant of the city. Although roughly half of the quadrant is located south of the Anacostia River in Anacostia, references to "Southwest" generally allude to the area near downtown, within about a mile of the Capitol. The section south of the River is almost entirely devoted to Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling, the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory, and a Blue Plains wastewater treatment plant for the District of Columbia Water and Sewer Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="20482961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482961" title="August Vaga">
August Vaga

August Vaga (March 15, 1893 in Kehra – December 11, 1960 in Tartu) was an Estonian botanist. Much of his research into botany was conducted in Tartu, and he was affiliated with the Estonian Institute of Zoology and Botany from its founding in 1947 to 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20482976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482976" title="SS Automedon">
SS Automedon

The SS "Automedon" was a passenger and cargo steamer which was shelled and sunk on 11 November 1940 during World War II by the German surface raider "Atlantis". She was carrying Top Secret documents to the British Far East Command, the capture of which is thought by some to have played a prominent part in the Japanese decision to enter World War II.
History.
At around 07:00 on 11 November 1940, "Automedon" encountered the German surface raider "Atlantis" about northwest of Sumatra, approaching on a heading that would bring the two ships close together. At 08:20, when the "Automedon" was less than 5000 metres away, "Atlantis" ran up her German ensign and uncovered her guns. "Automedon" at once responded by transmitting a distress signal, but only managed to send "RRR – Automedon – 0416N" ("RRR" meant "under attack by armed raider") before the Germans jammed her transmissions.
The "Atlantis" gunners then opened fire from a range of 2000 metres, four salvos hitting "Automedon"s bridge and midsection. The first shells destroyed "Automedon"s bridge, killing everyone present there including her captain and all her officers. The "Automedon" was still steaming at full speed and a crewman attempted to reach her stern gun to return fire. A final salvo was fired which hit the ship, killing the would-be gunner and stopping her.
When the "Atlantis" boarding party went on board the "Automedon" they were met by the vessel's first mate. Ulrich Mohr of the "Atlantis" later said that the ship was in the worst condition he had ever seen; the close-range shelling had destroyed virtually every structure above the hull, and nothing was left undamaged. Six crew members had been killed and 12 injured; six of the injured were at once transferred to the "Atlantis" for medical assistance.
The freighter's cargo of crated aircraft, motor cars, spare parts, liquor, cigarettes, and food bound for Penang, Singapore, Hong Kong and Shanghai was valuable but of little use to the "Atlantis", so no thought was given to salvaging any of it. A thorough search of the ship, however, found 15 bags of Top Secret mail for the British Far East Command, including a large quantity of decoding tables, Fleet orders, gunnery instructions, and Naval Intelligence reports. The most significant find was, however, a small green bag discovered in the chart room near the bridge. Marked "Highly Confidential" and equipped with holes to allow it to sink if it had to be thrown overboard, the bag contained an envelope addressed to Robert Brooke Popham, Commander-in-Chief of the British Far East Command. The envelope contained documents prepared by the British War Cabinet's Planning Division which included their evaluations of the strength and status of British land and naval forces in the Far East, a detailed report on Singapore's defenses, and information on the roles to be played by Australian and New Zealand forces in the Far East in the event that Japan entered the war on the Axis side.
Captain Bernhard Rogge of the "Atlantis" set a time limit of three hours during which time 31 British and 56 Chinese crewmen, 3 passengers, their possessions, all the frozen meat and food and the ship's papers and mail bags were transferred. He was concerned about the situation as another ship observing the two stationary vessels would quickly guess what was happening and send a radio message before any action could be taken by the "Atlantis". "Automedon" was sunk by scuttling charges at 15:07 after being judged too badly damaged to tow. Her survivors eventually reached Bordeaux, France, aboard the captured Norwegian tanker "Storstad".
Captain Rogge soon realised the importance of the intelligence material he had captured from the "Automedon" and quickly transferred the documents onto the vessel "Ole Jacob", captured earlier, ordering Lieutenant Commander Paul Kamenz and six of his crew to take charge of the vessel and convey the captured material to the German representatives in Japan.
After an uneventful voyage "Ole Jacob" arrived in Kobe, Japan, on 4 December 1940. The mail reached the German embassy in Tokyo, on 5 December, and was then hand-carried to Berlin via the Trans-Siberian railway. A copy was given to the Japanese and it is sometimes argued that this played a prominent part in the Japanese decision to initiate what it referred to as the "Greater East Asia War". Following Japan's entry into the war and the fall of Singapore, Capt. Rogge was presented with an ornate katana on 27 April 1943; Japan only ever presented three such swords, the other two being to Hermann Göring and Erwin Rommel.

</doc>
<doc id="20482984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20482984" title="329th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron">
329th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron

The 329th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the Air Defense Command Los Angeles Air Defense Sector stationed at George AFB, California. It was inactivated on 1 July 1967.
History.
Established in mid-1942 as a IV Fighter Command Operational Training Unit (OTU) with a mission to train fighter pilots on single-engine fighter aircraft. Later became a Replacement Training Unit (RTU). Inactivated in early 1944 when the need for fighter pilots was reduced.
Reactivated in 1955 under Air Defense Command at George AFB, California, to provide air defense over the Southern California region. Equipped initially with F-86D Sabres. In the spring ot 1957 it received F-86L Sabres and a year later transitioned into F-l02A Delta Dagger aircraft. In July 1960 the unit began flying F-l06 Delta Darts. The 329th was inactivated on 31 July 1967 as part of the phasedown of ADC.

</doc>
<doc id="20483009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483009" title="2008–09 All-Ireland Senior Club Hurling Championship">
2008–09 All-Ireland Senior Club Hurling Championship

The 2008–09 All-Ireland Senior Club Hurling Championship was the 39th since the establishment of the competition by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1970–71. The first matches of the season were played on 12 October 2008 and the championship ended on 17 March 2009. Portumna went into the 2008 championship as defending champions, having won their second All-Ireland title the previous year. 
The championship culminated with the All-Ireland final, held at Croke Park, Dublin. The match was contested by Portumna and De La Salle. It was their first meeting in the final. Portumna won the game by 2–24 to 1–8. It was their second All-Ireland title in succession and an unprecedented third in four years.
Format.
The 2008–09 club championship was played on a straight knock-out basis. Each of the sixteen participating counties enter their respective club champions. The format of the competition was as follows:
Sixteen county club champions participated in the 2008–09 championship. These counties were as follows:
Provincial Championships
The Leinster, Munster and Ulster championships were played as usual on a straight knock-out basis. The three respective champions from these provinces advanced directly to the All-Ireland semi-finals.
All-Ireland Series
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The Munster champions played the Ulster champions while the Leinster champions played the champions of Galway. The Galway club champions enter the competition at this stage due to the absence of a provincial club championship in Connacht.
Referees.
"The following referees were used during the championship:"
Stadia.
"The following stadia were used during the championship:"

</doc>
<doc id="20483035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483035" title="Emmanuel Stupanus">
Emmanuel Stupanus

Emmanuel Stupanus or Stuppan (December 13, 1587 – February 26, 1664) was a Swiss physician and professor in Basel.
Life and work.
Emmanuel Stupanus was born in Basel, Switzerland. He was the son of Johann Nicolaus Stupanus (1542–1621), Professor of Theoretical Medicine at the University of Basel, and his second wife, Katharina Iselin. He was married to Judith Zörnlin; one of his granddaughters, Judith Stupanus, was to become the wife of Jacob Bernoulli.
Stupanus completed his Gymnasium education in 1603. The next year he was sent to Geneva, where he studied philosophy under Esaïe Colladon and Gaspard Laurent. In 1607 he returned to Basel, having first privately defended the Baccalaureus and later publicly the A.L.M. degree. He continued to study Medicine, following the lectures of his father, and Gaspard Bauhin and Felix Plater. After visiting well-known Universities in Germany, France and Italy he was awarded the degree of Medical Doctor under Petrus Ryff, in 1613.
He also took classes in Greek from Jacob Zwinger, philosophy from Heinrich Justus, and rhetoric from Friedrich Castellio.
From 1614 he served privately as a substitute for his father, and after 1617 in an official position. He succeeded his father in the Chair of Theoretical Medicine, in 1620. On March 28, 1620 he delivered his Inaugural Lecture "De fraudibus Paracelsistarum", in which he expressed his opinion about Paracelsus. He held this position until his death in 1664, and during this time he served twelve times as Dean of the Medical School, and three times as President of the University. Between the two them, Emmanuel Stupanus and his father occupied the Chair of Theoretical Medicine for a total of 72 years.
He was the doctoral thesis advisor for several students, among them Franciscus Sylvius, in 1637.
Stupanus died on February 26, 1664 in Basel.

</doc>
<doc id="20483039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483039" title="Shaikh Sama'al-Din Kamboh">
Shaikh Sama'al-Din Kamboh

Shaikh Sama'al-Din Kamboh (also known as Hazrat Shaikh Alamsayakh Makhdoom Sama'al-Din Kamboh) was born in 1405 AD in Multan, Punjab, Pakistan. Shaikh Sama'al-Din Kamboh was a Sufi of the Suhrawardi order and came to Delhi during the reign of Sultan Bahlol Lodi (d 894/1488) and became the patron saint of the Lodi dynasty. His father Maulana Shaikh Fakhrudin was a venerable religious leader of that era. Makhdoom Shaikh Sama'al-Din had been the royal spiritual adviser or Pir, first to emperor Sultan Bahlol Lodi, and later to Sultan Sikandar Lodi. He commanded greatest respect amongst the entire Muslim spiritual and religious leaders and "was one of the greatest Ulema Shaikhs of his times". The "mazar" of Hazrat Shaikh Sama'al-Din is located in Delhi where the Zubairies of Panipat used to assemble every year for offering Fateha in pre-independence days. Spiritual discipline apart, Shaikh Sama'al-Din was a scholar of traditional sciences and imparted instructions as a professional teacher to a large number of students. Amongst one of his famous students who rose to eminence was Shaikh Jamali Kamboh.
Shaikh Sama'al-Din was author of (1) a glossary on "Iraqi's Lam'at" and (2) a tract on Sufism, "Miftah ul-Asrar".

</doc>
<doc id="20483043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483043" title="Albert Üksip">
Albert Üksip


</doc>
<doc id="20483076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483076" title="J. T. &quot;Blondy&quot; Black">
J. T. &quot;Blondy&quot; Black

John Thomas "Blondy" Black (August 20, 1920 – May 4, 2000) was a professional American football player.
Black was born in Philadelphia, Mississippi. He attended Mississippi State University from 1939 to 1942, where he played football and ran track. He was the offensive cornerstone of MSU's only undefeated football team in 1940. While competing for MSU, he held a school record for running the 100 yard dash in 9.6 seconds in 1941. He averaged 6.1 yards per carry during his varsity football career. Black holds the MSU record for highest yards per rush average in a single game (19.5) and in a season (6.9), both set in 1942. He was a two-time All-SEC selection in 1941 and 1942 and was a UPI All-American in 1943. He also was a three-year letterman in track.
While serving in the military during World War II, Black played professional football under the assumed name of Mike Matiza. In 1946, he played for the Buffalo Bisons, and in 1947 for the Baltimore Colts.
Black later pursued a career as a land developer and car dealership owner in Yazoo City. He was inducted into the Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20483097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483097" title="Mari Reitalu">
Mari Reitalu


</doc>
<doc id="20483110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483110" title="SS Faith">
SS Faith

The SS Faith was the first concrete ship built in the United States. It was constructed by the San Francisco Shipbuilding Company in 1918 owned by William Leslie Comyn. It cost $750,000.
The construction.
Work began September 1, 1917; concrete pouring began October 31 and ending February 26, 1918. 
The Steam Ship (SS) Faith launched on 14 March 1918. The ship was designed by Alan Macdonald and Victor Poss. 
It pulled up to 5000 tons, being the largest concrete ship of its time.
The cost of the hull itself was estimated at $450,000, and the early estimate before completion was that it would total $890,000 overall.
History.
""[...] said William Leslie Comyn [...] he likewise pointed out the lack of steel-making plants and shipyards on the West Coast. His solution: build ships of concrete. [...] He was convinced that a 5,000-ton concrete freighter could be operated at a profit and on 3 September 1917 he solicited contractual support from USSB to build "five reinforced concrete steamers" [...] On speculation, then, his firm began to build the Faith at Redwood City, California""
The first journeys were to Honolulu, Balboa, Callao, Valparaíso and New York. In 1919, the San Francisco Shipbuilding company was sold to French American SS lines, and in 1921, the SS Faith ended as a breakwater in Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="20483129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483129" title="Eerik Kumari Award">
Eerik Kumari Award

The Eerik Kumari Award (Estonian:" Eerik Kumari looduskaitsepreemia ") is a prestigious award given to those who have excelled in bioscience in Estonia since 1989. It is named after Eerik Kumari (1912–1984), who was chairman of the National Conservation Committee of the Estonian Academy of Sciences from 1952 to 1977.
The Eerik Kumari award is valued at 30,000 kroons.

</doc>
<doc id="20483131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483131" title="Pentadius">
Pentadius

Pentadius ("fl." 354-361) was an officer of the Roman Empire.
Biography.
He was holding the office of "notarius" when, in 354, Emperor Constantius II ordered him, Eusebius and Mallobaudes to interrogate Constantius Gallus, formerly Caesar of the East and cousin of Constantius II, while he was held prisoner in Pula, asking him reason for each man he had put to death. Gallus was sentenced to death and Serenianus, Apodemius and Pentadius executed him.
In 358 Pentadius was raised to the rank of "magister officiorum" of the new Caesar of the West Julian, brother of Gallus, whom he followed in Gaul. Pentadius, however, opposed Julian; together with Paulus Catena and Gaudentius he had Sallustius, a friend and a collaborator of Julian's, removed from his office. In 360, together with Nebridius and Decentius, he suggested Julian to obey Constantius, who had asked to his caesar to send him back his best troops; when the troops who did not want to leave Gaul for the eastern front acclaimed Julian emperor, Pentadius and Euterius were sent to bring Constantius some letters announcing the events.
In 361, Julian became the only Emperor; after entering Constantinople, he formed the Chalcedon tribunal to put under trial Constantius' officers; Pentadius was accused for his involvement in Gallus' trial and death, but was found not guilty.

</doc>
<doc id="20483140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483140" title="560th Flying Training Squadron">
560th Flying Training Squadron

The 560th Flying Training Squadron (560 FTS) is part of the 12th Flying Training Wing of the United States Air Force based at Randolph Air Force Base, Texas. It operates the T-38 Talon conducting flying training.
History.
The 560th participated in combat in the European Theater of Operations during World War II. At one point the squadron carried out shuttle bombing missions from England to Germany to Poltava, USSR, to Foggia, Italy, and back to England.
Beginning in October 1962, the squadron, having been redesignated as a tactical fighter unit, conducted tactical operations and training in preparation for global deployment. It deployed to South Korea in response to North Korea's capture of the USS Pueblo in June 1969. After maintaining alert status in Korea and later Japan, the Squadron was redeployed to Homestead Air Force Base, Florida where it was inactivated in October 1970.
On 1 May 1972, the 560th was reactivated at Randolph Air Force Base, Texas, and took over the mission of training T-38 Talon instructor pilots for Air Training Command's Undergraduate Pilot Training bases.
In October 1993, the 560th took on the mission of Introduction to Fighter Fundamentals and Upgrade Instructor Pilot Training in the "Smurf Jet" AT-38. In May 1998, the Smurf operation had become squadron-sized and was split off to reactivate the 435th Fighter Training Squadron. The 560th still prepares rated pilots from varied backgrounds for fighter lead-in training.
Additionally, the 560th maintains ties with Vietnam era POW pilots. Since 1973, all repatriated pilots, physically able to return to active flying duty came to the 560th for requalification training. As the final chapter in Operation Homecoming, the squadron returned more than 150 active duty pilots to flight status. Over the next two years the 560th flew more than 6000 hours and established a lasting bond with these former-POWs.

</doc>
<doc id="20483181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483181" title="Márcio-André">
Márcio-André

Marcio-Andre (born March 2, 1978, Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian writer, translator, performer, sound poet and theorist.
Biography.
Márcio-André de Sousa (sometimes called M-A) graduated in Literature and has a master's degree in Poetics from the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. In 2008, he received a scholarship-prize from the Brazilian National Library Foundation and, in 2009, was poet-in-residence in Monsanto, Portugal. He taught an advanced training course in creative writing and sound poetry at University of Coimbra and literary theory at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. 
In 2007, he appeared in newspaper headlines for his suicide performance in the ghost town of Chernobyl. In his lecture-of-one-man (that he called "Conference Poetic-Radioactive of Pripyat"), Marcio-Andre remained six hours reading his poems between the ruins of the ghost-town Pripyat (Chernobyl), in the so-called Zone of Exclusion, under the deliberate risk of contamination by cesium 137 and strontium 90. After the event, he received the nickname "poeta radioativo" (radioactive poet). This performance resulted in the book Ensaios Radioativos, where he describes the experience of contamination.
Literature.
Belonging to the so-called "Generation 00" of literature in Brazil, Marcio-Andre is an influential and relevant poet of the younger generation in Brazil and a controversial essayist. With three published books, he was chief-editor of the binational (Brazil / Portugal) Confraria Magazine (ISSN 1808-6276) and founder of Confraria do Vento. Eventually he began to write for Brazilian newspapers such as O Globo, Jornal do Brasil and Estado de Minas. As a translator, he has published texts of Gilles Yvain, Serge Pey, Gherasim Luca, Mathieu Benezet, Paul Valery and Hagiwara Sakutaro.
Performance and sound poetry.
In his performances, Marcio-Andre uses the computer to processing, live, harmonics sounds and percussive sounds taken from the violin and voice. From this processing, from the creation of electronic textures and from loop recordings, it overlaps sound layers and folds to create a uniform mass of texts and sounds. In his plays are noted influences from noisy music, minimalist music and Eastern music, especially by the use of Tibetan chants and modes of Noh theater. He uses, yet, abstract projections, videodances and video loops projected onto the stage and incorporates various other props in presentations.

</doc>
<doc id="20483202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483202" title="Plainedge Union Free School District">
Plainedge Union Free School District

The Plainedge Union Free School District is a school district located in the hamlet of Plainedge New York.
The school district is composed of 3 elementary schools, John H. West elementary, Eastplain elementary and Charles S. Schwarting elementary. The middle school is Plainedge Middle School and the high school is Plainedge High School. Former schools include Robert E. Picken elementary, which was sold to the Town of Oyster Bay to serve as a smaller town hall for the southern part of the town, Northedge Elementary(then Kindergarten), which was knocked down to make room for the new Middle School, Baldwin Drive Elementary and Southedge Junior High, which were demolished and the land sold for housing, and Sylvia Packard Middle School, which was shut down after the school, at 40 years of age, was deemed inefficient to serve the continuing needs of the community.
The current Superintendent is Christine P'Simer. 
The school board is currently composed of President Patricia Zinke, Vice President Cathy Flanagan and trustees Maryann Capone, Nancy Giris, Dennis Gustafson, Mary Lowe and Douglas Pascarella.
The principals of the elementary schools are Emily O'Brien (Eastplain), Carol Muscarella (John H. West) and Bethanne McCoy (Schwarting) with Vito Mannino serving as assistant principal at all elementary schools. The principal of the middle school is Anthony DeRiso and assistant principal Jennifer Wiesman. The deans of the middle school are Casey Kornharens and Brian Wipperman. The principal of the high school is Robert Amster and the assistant principals are Allison Bird and Nadine Wheeler.

</doc>
<doc id="20483211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483211" title="El Tovar Apartments">
El Tovar Apartments

The El Tovar Apartments is an apartment building located at 320 East Grand Boulevard in Detroit, Michigan, in the East Grand Boulevard Historic District. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Architecture.
The El Tovar Apartment building is an excellent example of Spanish Moorish/Art Deco style. The El Tovar Apartments is a 4-and-a-half-story building, containing 73 apartments, constructed from orange brick with limestone trim, orange terra cotta accents, and a Spanish tile roof. The entrance is within the center pavilion, reached by a sidewalk flanked by carved lion figures. The name El Tovar is carved on a scroll above the entrance. Minaret-like towers project from the gabled roof, and there are arched openings at the corners of the front façade, chimney stack-like projections, pseudo-flying buttresses, and stylized crenellations.
Significance.
Built in 1928, the apartment building represents a significant change in Detroit from low density to higher density housing. In 1988, the Messiah Housing Corporation purchased the building; they rehabilitated the apartments and opened them for Section 8 housing in 1992. Messiah Housing also owns the nearby Saint Paul Manor Apartments and Kingston Arms Apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="20483224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483224" title="Tansel Başer">
Tansel Başer

Tansel Başer (born 17 April 1978) is an Australian-Turkish footballer who plays for Hume City in the Victorian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="20483242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483242" title="MBBA">
MBBA

"N"-(4-Methoxybenzylidene)-4-butylaniline (MBBA) is an organic compound often used in liquid crystals.

</doc>
<doc id="20483250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483250" title="518th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron">
518th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron

The 518th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the Air Defense Command 408th Fighter Group stationed at Klamath Falls Airport, Oregon. It was inactivated on 1 July 1959.
History.
Training for combat, October 1943 – April 1944. Not operational, 1956–1959.

</doc>
<doc id="20483274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483274" title="Massimo Palanca">
Massimo Palanca

Massimo Palanca (born 21 August 1953 in Loreto (AN), Italy) was an Italian football striker known for his skill at scoring directly from corner-kicks, with two successful spells at FC Catanzaro in the mid-seventies and the late eighties.
Career.
Palanca began his professionel career at Camerino, transferring to Frosinone the following year where he scored 17 goals in 28 matches.
He transferred to Catanzaro, staying for seven years and scoring 70 goals in 206 matches, being the team's topscorer in Serie B in the 1977-1978 season. When Catanzaros was promoted to Serie A, Palanca was again the team's topscorer with 13 goals. A memorable game with Roma in the Stadio Olimpico on 4 March 1979 ended 1-3 to Catanzaro; Palanca scored a hat-trick.
Palanca transferred to Napoli in 1981-1982, scoring 1 goal in 14 games. He moved to Como in Serie B the following season where again he scored only 1 goal in 19 matches. After returning to Napoli in 1983-1984, he alleged misunderstandings with coach Rino Marchesi. The following two seasons Palanca played at Foligno in Serie C2, scoring 18 goals in 47 matches, after which he returned to Catanzaro.
While back at Catanzaro for the 1986-1987 season, Palanca helped the team gain promotion from Serie C1 to Serie B, contributing 17 goals in 29 matches. Over the next three seasons with Catanzaro, he made 97 appearances and scored 28 goals. At the end of the 1989-90 season, Palancas' last in football, Catanzaro finished in 20th position in Serie B; the team was relegated to Serie C1.

</doc>
<doc id="20483294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483294" title="Izbica Ghetto">
Izbica Ghetto

The Izbica ghetto was a Jewish ghetto created by Nazi Germany in Izbica in occupied Poland during World War II, serving as a transfer point for deportation of Jews from Poland, Germany, Austria and Czechoslovakia to Belzec and Sobibor extermination camps. The ghetto was created in 1941, although the first transports of Jews from German Reich started arriving there already in 1940. Izbica was the largest transit ghetto in the Lublin reservation territory, with death rate almost equal to that of the Warsaw ghetto. "SS-Hauptsturmführer" Kurt Engels, known for his exceptional cruelty, served as its only commandant. 
Ghetto operation.
The Jews who lived in Izbica were kept separate from the new arrivals. They were housed on the other side of the railroad tracks. Also, the Jews shipped in from Germany and Austria were differentiated from Polish Jews by the color of the obligatory star of David signs—yellow for German and blue for Polish Jews. In order to make space for the incoming transports, 2,200 local Jews were sent to the Belzec Death Camp on March 24, 1942. Between March and May 1942, approximately 12,000 to 15,000 Jews were transported to Izbica from across Europe as part of Operation Reinhard; among them engineers, doctors, economists, army generals and professors from Vienna, Hague, Heidelberg and Breslau, including the vice-president of Prague. They were housed in a few wooden barracks which could accommodate about half of the prisoners, pressed against each other like sardines. The rest were forced to subsist outdoors. Jews stayed in the barracks usually for no more than four days, with almost nothing to eat. Many victims succumbed to typhus due to poor sanitary conditions in the ghetto. The foreigners, many of whom were proficient in German, had an easier time identifying with their Nazi oppressors than the Polish Jews from inside the ghetto. Denunciations were commonplace.
Already in the early phase of the ghetto, the Nazis destroyed the local Jewish cemetery and the tombstones were desecrated and used to build walls of a prison. Besides being sent to the extermination camps, approximately 4,500 Jews were murdered by Germans at the cemetery. The Jewish cemetery in Izbica is being reconstructed by the Foundation for the Preservation of Jewish Heritage in Poland.
The transit ghetto in Izbica was closed on November 2, 1942. A second, smaller ghetto was set up in its place for about 1,000 local Jews. It was dismantled on April 28, 1943 with all remaining inmates sent to Sobibor Death Camp. Of all the Jewish citizens of Izbica (over 90% of its pre-war population), only 14 survived the Holocaust.

</doc>
<doc id="20483298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483298" title="Archduchess Maria Beatrix of Austria-Este">
Archduchess Maria Beatrix of Austria-Este

Maria Beatrix of Austria-Este () (13 February 1824, Modena, Duchy of Modena and Reggio – 18 March 1906, Graz, Styria, Austria–Hungary) was a member of the House of Austria-Este and Archduchess and Princess of Austria, Princess of Hungary, Bohemia, and Modena by birth. Daughter of Francis IV of Modena and his niece, Beatrix II of Modena. Through her marriage to Juan, Count of Montizón, Maria Beatrix was also a member of the Spanish branch of the House of Bourbon. Juan was the Carlist claimant to the throne of Spain from 1860 to 1868, and the Legitimist claimant to the throne of France from 1883 to 1887. Maria Beatrix was the fourth and youngest child of Francis IV, Duke of Modena and his wife Maria Beatrice of Savoy.
Marriage and issue.
Maria Beatrix married Juan, Count of Montizón, second eldest son of Infante Carlos, Count of Molina and his first wife Infanta Maria Francisca of Portugal, on 6 February 1847 in Modena. Maria Beatrix and Juan had two children:

</doc>
<doc id="20483322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483322" title="Agents of Anarchy">
Agents of Anarchy

Agents Of Anarchy is a compilation album from the Sex Pistols. it was released in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20483341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483341" title="The Keep (Egan novel)">
The Keep (Egan novel)

The Keep (2006, ISBN 1-4000-4392-1) is a novel by Jennifer Egan which became a National Bestseller, a New York Times and San Francisco Chronicle Notable Book, and a Chicago Tribune, Kansas City Star, and Rocky Mountain News Best Book of the Year. "The Keep" is a story about two cousins involved in a haunting business venture that evokes a horrifying tale from their past.
Plot.
Danny is an aging hipster in New York City who has fallen on hard times. He doesn't have a real career, and he has a habit of burning bridges with old friends. His cousin Howard presents him with an opportunity to come to Eastern Europe and help convert an old castle into an alternative resort. Danny has a troubled relationship with Howard. Many years before, when they were children, he cruelly left Howard stranded deep in a cave for days, traumatizing him badly, and ruining much of his childhood.
But Danny is desperate for money, so he decides to work for Howard and travels to the castle, severing his relationships with his New York world. He plunges himself into the strange environment of the castle and puts himself at the mercy of the cousin whom he betrayed many years before. It soon becomes clear that this castle is a deeply strange place with a dark history that isn't entirely finished. It has secret passages, bizarre inhabitants, and seems to operate by different rules from the outside world. Danny, cut off from his familiar New York world, is unsure whether the castle is haunted or his own perceptions are becoming increasingly distorted. He thinks that his cousin may be out to get him and that the castle may be a giant trap.
When Danny attempts to escape from the castle, he encounters a series of mysterious roadblocks. No matter what he does, fate seems to be directing Danny back to the castle and towards a final confrontation with his cousin Howard. Together, they end up being trapped deep within the bowels of the castle, where they are forced to re-enact the traumas of childhood. Together, they must figure out a way to escape and survive.
Film.
An adaptation of the novel is in development at CBS Films. Ehren Kruger wrote the screenplay and will co-produce the film with Daniel Bobker and Matthew Stillman. Niels Arden Oplev has been hired to direct the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20483351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483351" title="Thomas Hanson">
Thomas Hanson

Thomas Hanson may refer to:
<onlyinclude>*Tommy Hanson (born 1986), Major League Baseball pitcher

</doc>
<doc id="20483364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20483364" title="Michalis Tzormbatzakis">
Michalis Tzormbatzakis

Tzormbatzakis began his professional football career by signing with Ergotelis F.C. in July 2002.
References.
http://www.onsports.gr/onstats/soccer/player/773-Tzormpatzakis-Mihalis

</doc>
