<doc id="20244059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244059" title="West Virginia elections, 2012">
West Virginia elections, 2012

West Virginia's 2012 general elections were held on November 6, 2012. Primary elections were held on May 8, 2012.
Federal.
Senate.
Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Joe Manchin, was re-elected, defeating token opposition in the primary, and then perennial candidate John Raese, a businessman and four-time Republican nominee for the Senate (including a challenge to Manchin in 2010), with 61% of the vote.
House of Representatives.
1st congressional district.
Republican incumbent David McKinley, who has represented the 1st district since 2011, easily won re-election, defeating Sue Thorn, a "community organizer", receiving 62% of the vote.
2nd congressional district.
Republican incumbent Shelley Moore Capito, who has represented the 2nd district since 2001, easily won re-election. She defeated Michael Davis and state Delegate Jonathan Miller in the Republican primary. and then Howard Swint, a union official, receiving 70% of the vote.
3rd congressional district.
Democratic incumbent Nick Rahall, who has represented the 3rd district since 1993 (and previously represented the 4th district from 1977 to 1993) won reelection in a close race (by the standard of that district, where many counties have not elected a Republican to any office in over 80 years), defeating State Delegate Rick Snuffer, who unsuccessfully challenged Rahall as the Republican nominee in 2004, with only 54% of the vote.
State.
Constitutional officers.
Governor.
Incumbent Democratic Governor Earl Ray Tomblin, who has held the position since 2010, won a full term in his own right, defeating Bill Maloney, a businessman who ran as the Republican nominee in the aforementioned 2011 special election. and two minor party candidates, winning 50% of the vote to 46%, with the minor party candidates receiving the remainder.
The results give automatic ballot access for the next four years to both the Mountain Party, (a "green" party); and the Libertarian Party, as ballot access is based on getting 1% of the vote for governor.
Secretary of State.
Democratic incumbent Natalie Tennant, was re-elected easily, receiving 62% of the vote over Brian Savilla. She received by far the most votes of any statewide candidate.
Attorney General.
Democratic incumbent Darrell McGraw was defeated by Patrick Morrisey, a lawyer specializing in health care matters, 51% to 49%, probably ending McGraw's career at the age of 76.
Treasurer.
Democratic incumbent John Perdue, won reelection over State Senate Minority Leader Mike Hall.
Auditor.
Democratic incumbent Glen Gainer III, won re-election over former state Delegate Larry Faircloth.
Agriculture Commissioner.
Democratic incumbent Gus Douglass, who has held the position of state Agriculture Commissioner since 1993 (and previously held the position from 1965 to 1989), decided to retire.
State Senator Walt Helmick sought and received the Democratic nomination to succeed Douglass. He defeated Joe Messineo, a former agricultural field supervisor for the state Department of Agriculture and the USDA; Steve Miller, an assistant state Agriculture Commissioner; Sally Shepherd, a farmer; and, Bob Tabb, the deputy state Agriculture Commissioner and former state Delegate.
Kent Leonhardt, a farmer and retired Marine Lieutenant Colonel, received the Republican nomination. Mike Teets, a cattleman who unsuccessfully challenged Douglass in 2008, has planned to run but dropped out of the race in February 2012.
Helmick defeated Leonhardt with 52% of the vote.
Legislature.
State Senate.
17 of the 34 members of the West Virginia Senate were up for election. The state Senate consisted of 28 Democrats and 6 Republicans. This was the first election after the redistricting following the 2010 Census.
Democrats won 11 of the 17 races. With the carryover seats the Democrats retained control of the State Senate 23 to 11.
State House of Delegates.
All 100 members of the West Virginia House of Delegates were up for election. The state House previously consisted of 65 Democrats and 35 Republicans. This likewise was the first election following the redistricting, with the House districts changed more than those of the Senate. Democrats won only 55 of the 100 races, making the new balance of power 55-45, the best showing for Republicans since the party shift of 1932.
Supreme Court.
Two seats were up for election on the state Supreme Court of Appeals. The electoral system requires voters to "vote for no more than two" in a single election, rather than electing each seat separately. Both seats were held by Democrats.
Justice Robin Jean Davis, who was first elected in 2000, ran for re-election, while Justice Thomas McHugh, kept his pledge to not seek a full term. McHugh had previously served on the court from 1980 to 1997, and was appointed and then elected to an unexpired term in 2008.
Davis faced Wood County Circuit Judge J.D. Beane; Letitia Neese Chafin, a lawyer and wife of state Senator H. Truman Chafin; Louis Palmer, a Supreme Court clerk; H. John "Buck" Rogers, a lawyer; and, Greenbrier County Circuit Judge Jim Rowe, in the Democratic primary. Chafin and Davis received the Democratic nomination.
Allen Loughry, a law clerk for Democrat Supreme Court Justice Margaret Workman, and Jefferson County Circuit Judge John Yoder sought and received the Republican nomination as they were the only two Republican candidates in the primary.
Davis was re-elected, while Allen Loughry was elected to his first term in office. With the election of Loughry, the court has two elected Republicans sitting on the bench for the first time since 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="20244070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244070" title="Philips Intimate Massager">
Philips Intimate Massager

The Philips Intimate Massager is a range of electric personal massagers (otherwise known as a vibrator) intended for external use on the body curves by couples in intimate relationships. The products are made by Philips and were first introduced to the UK market during 2008.
The product range consists of three non-penetrative stimulators that are inspired by the body contours that glide smoothly against the skin. Their powerful motors are quiet and stimulate different pleasure points at varying intensities. The massagers are waterproof, and some models are also water tight for bath tub use. They are used wirelessly after fully recharging using a supplied charging base that uses the same magnetic recharging technology which is widely used by modern power toothbrushes.

</doc>
<doc id="20244107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244107" title="Autumnal">
Autumnal

Autumnal is the seventh full-length album by the Spanish power metal band Dark Moor. The recording of this album was announced as early as May 4, 2008, with constant updates posted on their website since then. 
The title of the album was revealed on November 16, 2008 on Dark Moor's website, along with the cover art and the official track listing. The first single from the album, "On the Hill of Dreams" was posted on their Myspace one month later on December 16, 2008. Towards the end of the year, December 29, it was revealed that Dani Fernandez would no longer be playing with them. The next day, they announced Dark Moor's new bassist would be Mario Garcia. This album also features the voice of Itea Benedicto, a soprano and current lead singer in the Spanish band Niobeth.
A video was shot for the first single was filmed, a process that ended on the 7th of January 2009. The video was made public on the 12th of that same month and year. The video features the band playing in a white room, performing "On the Hill of Dreams".

</doc>
<doc id="20244116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244116" title="Intervensie">
Intervensie

Intervensie is the first studio album by indie rock band Foto na Dans. The album was nominated for a SAMA (South African Music Award)

</doc>
<doc id="20244157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244157" title="2-Methyl-6-(phenylethynyl)pyridine">
2-Methyl-6-(phenylethynyl)pyridine

2-Methyl-6-(phenylethynyl)pyridine (MPEP) is a research drug which was one of the first compounds found to act as a selective antagonist for the metabotropic glutamate receptor subtype mGluR5. After being originally patented as a liquid crystal for LCDs, it was developed by the pharmaceutical company Novartis in the late 1990s. It was found to produce neuroprotective effects following acute brain injury in animal studies, although it was unclear whether these results were purely from mGluR5 blockade as it also acts as a weak NMDA antagonist, and as a positive allosteric modulator of another subtype mGlu4, and there is also evidence for a functional interaction between mGluR5 and NMDA receptors in the same populations of neurons. It was also shown to produce antidepressant and anxiolytic effects in animals, and to reduce the effects of morphine withdrawal, most likely due to direct interaction between mGluR5 and the μ-opioid receptor. 
The main significance of MPEP has been as a lead compound to develop more potent and selective mGluR5 antagonists such as MTEP, but research using MPEP itself continues, and recently it was shown to reduce self-administration of nicotine, cocaine, ketamine and heroin in animals, possibly through an MPEP-induced potentiation of the rewarding effect of the self-administered drug, and MPEP was also shown to possess weak reinforcing effects by itself.

</doc>
<doc id="20244190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244190" title="Orange Grove Boulevard (Pasadena)">
Orange Grove Boulevard (Pasadena)

Orange Grove Boulevard is a main thoroughfare in Pasadena and South Pasadena, California. Each New Year's Day, the Rose Parade participants and floats line up before dawn on Orange Grove Boulevard, facing north, for the beginning of the parade. South Orange Grove has been the address of the affluent, both the famous and the infamous since the early 1900s. The "Los Angeles Times" said: "When a stranger comes to Pasadena now, the real-estate agent shows him Orange Grove Avenue.
History.
Orange Grove Boulevard is one street of several exclusive residential districts in Pasadena. Since the early 20th century, because of the number of landmark mansions, the street earned the name Millionaire's Row, an appropriate nickname, considering that the estates that once lined this spacious boulevard and the surrounding neighborhood read like a Who's Who of American consumer products. The maker of Wrigley's chewing gum, William Wrigley Jr.'s, significant home was proffered to the city of Pasadena after Mrs. Wrigley's death in 1958, under the condition that their home would be the Rose Parade's permanent headquarters. The stately Tournament House stands on Orange Grove Blvd. today, and serves as the headquarters for the Tournament of Roses Parade. In wartime 1942,
Orange Grove Boulevard was used as an alternate route for the Rose Parade to avoid an enemy attack.
North Orange Grove Boulevard.
Formerly referred to as Mountain Avenue, North Orange Grove Boulevard is home to the exquisite Gamble House. North of Holly Street, the road bends northeast, ending at North Fair Oaks Avenue. The home of David Gamble, son of consumer product maker James Gamble of Procter & Gamble, is located on the north end of Orange Grove Blvd. The Gamble House an American Craftsman masterpiece, was built in 1908, by architects Charles and Henry Greene, as an exemplification of their Ultimate bungalow. It is open to the public as both an architectural conservancy and museum. The Gamble House is a California Historical Landmark and a National Historic Landmark on the National Register of Historic Places. In 1966 it was deeded to the city of Pasadena in a mutual agreement with the University of Southern California School of Architecture. Every year, two carefully selected fifth year USC architecture students live in the house full-time.
East Orange Grove Boulevard.
Formerly referred to as Illinois Street, this section of Orange Grove Boulevard runs through the more economically diverse northern part of the city. Though there is a small commercial district between Lincoln and Los Robles Avenues, this section of the street is overwhelmingly residential. The street ends at California State Route 19 (North Rosemead Boulevard) and Sierra Madre Villa Avenue in Hastings Ranch.
South Orange Grove Boulevard.
The Norton Simon Museum is at the intersection of Orange Grove and Colorado Boulevards. The museum can be quite clearly seen every year during the Rose Parade broadcast. The parade's official start is at Orange Grove Boulevard and Ellis Street.
South Orange Grove Boulevard becomes South Orange Grove Avenue at Columbia Street and its southern terminus is a cul-de-sac in western South Pasadena, passing by Orange Grove Park. Between Columbia Street and Colorado Boulevard, the road is the center of an exclusive neighborhood. In 1876, unimproved land with water could be purchased for about $100 an acre. Currently, a small empty lot is likely to go for as much as $200,000. Most of the mansions in this area are gone; multiple residential courts and condominiums line the street. Valley Hunt Club, Maranatha High School, and Westridge School are located on South Orange Grove Boulevard.
"Mobilizing Mobility".
The city of South Pasadena has embarked on an ambitious project to improve both the safety and the ambience of South Orange Grove. The sidewalks along the street have been landscaped and refurbished. The addition of vintage street lights both improves the safety of pedestrians and contributes to the desired ambiance.

</doc>
<doc id="20244206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244206" title="Dorian Healy">
Dorian Healy

Dorian Healy is a British actor best known for his role as Cpt/Maj Kieran Voce in the award winning drama series "Soldier Soldier" (1993–1994).
He conceived and co-wrote the TV series "Masculine Mescaline" with "Soldier Soldier" co-star Gary Love (Sgt Tony Wilton).

</doc>
<doc id="20244215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244215" title="Richard J. Miller">
Richard J. Miller

Richard J. "Dick" Miller is a sculptor, printmaker, and painter. Dick Miller was born March 10, 1923, in Springville, Iowa and lived all his life in the middle west including North Dakota, Michigan and Ohio. Richard J. died June 27, 2008.
Education.
Dick was graduated, A.B from Olivet College in Olivet, Michigan and earned an A.M. degree from Michigan State University. He was the student of sculptor Milton Horn.
Work.
Miller has participated in national shows by the National Sculpture Society and the Audubon Artists. Dick was included in the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art exhibition, "American Sculpture 1951".
Commissioned works were executed for Cardinal Pacelli School, Xavier University, Adath Israel Synagogue and the Cincinnati Bicentennial Commission in addition to portrait commissions.
Teaching.
Dick Miller was a teacher to many, generations of his students range far and wide. A true master of his craft, Miller furthered his learning by embracing the new technologies that became available throughout his career. Utilizing digital 3D modeling software, the artist began designing sculptures via computer and then rendered his sculptures based upon his models.
He taught sculpture at Oberlin College, Oberlin Ohio and until 1952 at the Art Academy of Cincinnati 1949-1952, in Cincinnati, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="20244267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244267" title="Habbaytak Bissayf">
Habbaytak Bissayf

"Habbaytak Bissayf" (Arabic: , meaning "I loved you in the summer") is an Arabic language song performed by Lebanese singer Fairuz. The lyrics and music were written by the Rahbani Brothers. 
Fairuz first performed this song in 1970-1971 in the play "Ya'ish Ya'ish" and her 1971 US tour.
Versions.
Jean François Michael adapted the music in his French song "Coupable" (French: "Guilty").

</doc>
<doc id="20244295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244295" title="Ella Sophonisba Hergesheimer">
Ella Sophonisba Hergesheimer

__NOTOC__
Ella Sophonisba Hergesheimer (1873 – June 24, 1943) was an American illustrator, painter, and printmaker known for her portrayals of Tennessee society women and their children. As a printmaker, she pioneered the white-line woodcut. Hergesheimer was the great-great granddaughter of Philadelphia artist Charles Willson Peale, who named one of his daughters Sophonisba after the Italian artist, Sofonisba Anguissola.
Hergesheimer was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania in 1873. She studied at the Philadelphia School of Design for Women for two years, and then went on to study at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts for four years. At the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, she studied with Cecilia Beaux, Hugh Breckenridge, and William Merritt Chase. She was considered by Chase to be one of his finest students, and spent the summer of 1900 studying at Chase's Shinnecock Hills Summer School on Long Island. As a senior at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, she was judged the best pupil in her class and was awarded the Cresson Traveling Scholarship. This allowed her to study abroad in Europe for three years, where she trained at the Académie Colarossi and exhibited at the Paris Salon. She is listed among the students of Blanche Lazzell, who was known for her white-line color woodcuts. 
As a result of having her work including in a 1905 traveling exhibition organized by the Nashville Art Association, she received a commission in 1907 to paint the portrait of Holland Nimmons McTyeire, the Methodist bishop who convinced Cornelius Vanderbilt to endow Vanderbilt University. To work on the commission, she relocated to Nashville, Tennessee, where she remained the rest of her life - first occupying a studio on Church Street, and later one at Eighth Avenue and Broadway. She also conducted art classes in Bowling Green, Kentucky, where her circle of friends included fellow artists Frances Fowler, Sarah Peyton, and Wickliffe Covington. She also maintained a lifelong friendship with landscape painter Orlando Gray Wales, who also was raised in Allentown and also studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts.
Hergesheimer's most notable portraits are those of Speaker of the House Joseph W. Byrns, Sr., which hangs in the United States Capitol building, and of Commodore Matthew Fontaine Maury, which hangs in Maury Hall at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="20244314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244314" title="Unilever House">
Unilever House

Unilever House is a Grade II listed office building in the Neoclassical Art Deco style, located on New Bridge Street, Victoria Embankment in Blackfriars, London. The building has a tall, curving frontage which overlooks Blackfriars Bridge on the north bank of the River Thames.
The site of Unilever House was previously occupied by Bridewell Palace, a residence of Henry VIII, which later became a poorhouse and prison. These buildings were destroyed in 1864 to make way for the De Keyser Royal Hotel. In 1920, Lord Leverhulme leased the site to build the London headquarters of his soap manufacturing company Lever Brothers, which became Unilever in 1930. Construction did not commence until 1929.
Construction.
The building design and construction is thought to be a collaboration between James Lomax-Simpson, a member of the Unilever Board, and John James Burnet and Thomas S. Tait, partners in the firm of Sir John Burnet and Partners. However, there is some uncertainty over the credit for the design; a note by Simpson claims exclusive credit, suggesting that Burnet and Tait only approved the final design. Burnet and Tait exhibited the design as a joint work with Simpson at the Royal Academy, and the drawings held at the City of London Record Office are signed by Burnet and Tait alone.
John James Burnet, although active in this project, was retiring around this time due to ill health, and Tait, a leading practitioner of modern architecture, worked on aspects of the building design.
The main contractor for the construction of the building was Holland, Hannen & Cubitts.
Architecture.
The most striking aspect of the building is its enormous curving frontage along the Victoria Embankment, with its giant Ionic columns between the fourth and sixth floors. The heavily rusticated ground floor is windowless to reduce traffic noise inside the building. The corners are marked by entrances surmounted by large plinths on which are placed sculptures of human figures restraining horses (called "Controlled Energy") by Sir William Reid Dick. Merman and mermaid figures are by Gilbert Ledward. The original lift cars were lined with art deco pewter panels designed by Eric Gill.
Renovation.
A refurbishment of 1977-83 saw the addition of parapet figures by Nicholas Munro and a new north entrance lobby in a Neo Art Deco style, by Theo Crosby of Pentagram. The building has been extended along Tudor Street.
In 2004, the firm Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates began renovation work in consultation with English Heritage and the City of London to make alterations to the interior work space. As part of the renovations, original fittings were retained or re-used, such as parquet flooring or Eric Gill's pewter lift car panels, but Crosby's distinctive and historically-important additions were removed. A roof garden was created on top of the building.

</doc>
<doc id="20244357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244357" title="Klaus Emmerich (journalist)">
Klaus Emmerich (journalist)

Klaus Emmerich (born 1928) is the former editor-in-chief of ORF News in Austria. He achieved notoriety in the United States for his racist remarks following Barack Obama's win of the 2008 US presidential election. David F. Girard-diCarlo, U.S. ambassador in Vienna, officially protested against Emmerichs remarks on November 14, 2008.
Quotes.
"I wouldn't want the Western world to be directed by a black man. When you say that is a racist remark: right, without a doubt."
"t is a most unsettling development as the blacks are not as advanced in their political & social development."

</doc>
<doc id="20244365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244365" title="Mickey Pearce">
Mickey Pearce

Mickey Pearce was a recurring character in "Only Fools and Horses", a British sitcom. The character was played by Patrick Murray. Mickey was a young unnerving man, always wearing a pork pie hat and boasting about some imagined business successes of his. He was ostensibly a friend of Rodney's, although he stole Rodney's girlfriend in Happy Returns and went on holiday to Spain with all their company's money in Healthy Competition. Another recurring joke around Mickey was his long list of jobs. According to Del, Mickey has been on the dole for so long they even invite him to the staff dance. He also used Rodney's council film grant to make pornographic movies (Video Nasty) and was beaten up by the Driscoll Brothers for failing to repay them their money for their dodgy mobile phones.

</doc>
<doc id="20244400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244400" title="Arboretum de Craonne">
Arboretum de Craonne

The Arboretum de Craonne (7 hectares ) is an arboretum located near Craonne, Aisne, Picardie, France. The arboretum was planted on the site of the former village of Craonne, totally devastated in April-May 1917 by French artillery during World War I, and serves as its memorial. Its cratered terrain is a reminder of the war's extreme destruction. Today the arboretum contain 57 varieties of trees, together with signs displaying maps and photos of the former village. It is open daily without charge.

</doc>
<doc id="20244408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244408" title="George Edwin Brill">
George Edwin Brill

George Edwin Brill, (October 8, 1867 near Capon Springs, West Virginia – December 25, 1956) was an American postal inspector who was instrumental in the arrest of Frank M. Young.
Brill attended county schools and Shenandoah Normal College in Middletown, Virginia. After teaching school for some time in West Virginia, he started as a postal clerk in August 1889 and entered the railway mail service. Mr. Brill worked on Baltimore and Ohio mail trains between Baltimore, Pittsburgh and Grafton, West Virginia, becoming a postal inspector in the St. Louis, Missouri area on February 3, 1906. Brill became a postal inspector for the Baltimore-Washington district on July 1, 1911.
In 1922, Young's investment firm went bankrupt, and Young fled Baltimore shortly afterward. Brill set out a search that took thousands of miles until finally Young was arrested by Brill in Philadelphia. Young was convicted of illegal acts of mail fraud and sentenced to a five-year term in the Atlanta prison where he only served three. At the request of Judge John C. Rose in the United States District Court, George Brill was told to begin an investigation on the methods employed by Young’s “blind pool” operation which left an estimated $110,000 in assets and an estimated $2,700,000 in liabilities. Mr. Brill asked that all clients of Mr. Young cooperate with the postal authorities by mailing any communications or advertising matter they had received from Mr. Young to the inspector’s office. Brill asked for the envelopes in which the letters were received, as the postmarks serve as evidence that the letters were handled by the Post office. 

</doc>
<doc id="20244428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244428" title="Ben Nealon">
Ben Nealon

Benjamin Nealon OBE (born 29 December 1966) is best known for playing 2nd Lt/Lt/Capt Jeremy Forsythe in the ITV award winning series "Soldier Soldier".
He has been in TV series such as "Bugs", "Casualty", "The Bill", "I Shouldn't Be Alive", and "EastEnders".
Nealon was also in the Indian films "Lagaan" and "". In both films he portrayed Hindi-speaking British Army officers who oppressed the local population during the time of British India.
Nealon has been involved in Pump Aid since he met Ian Thorpe, Amos Chitungo and Tendai Mawunga whilst filming in Zimbabwe in 1998. He convened the first trustees meeting in January 1999 and is currently the Development Director. He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2012 Birthday Honours for services to Pump Aid.

</doc>
<doc id="20244459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244459" title="Don't Ask, Don't Tell (Roseanne)">
Don't Ask, Don't Tell (Roseanne)

"Don't Ask, Don't Tell" is an episode of the American situation comedy series "Roseanne". Written by James Berg and Stan Zimmerman and directed by Philip Charles MacKenzie, "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" was the 18th episode of season 6. It follows lead character Roseanne Conner on her visit to a gay bar. "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" originally aired on March 1, 1994.
"Don't Ask, Don't Tell" generated enormous controversy before it aired because it included a same-sex kiss between Roseanne and Sharon, played by guest star Mariel Hemingway. ABC initially planned not to air the episode. The network eventually relented and the episode was viewed by an audience of some 30 million people. "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" was an early entry on a list of American television episodes in which a lesbian or possibly lesbian character kisses a straight-identifying character. These lesbian kiss episodes often occurred during times of the year when networks were most concerned about generating ratings, and have come to be viewed by some critics as gimmicks to help secure those ratings. The controversy that often accompanied these episodes led to a chilling effect on the non-sensationalized presentation of same-sex intimacy on network television through most of the rest of the 1990s.
Plot.
To prove that she's cool, Roseanne Conner (Roseanne Barr) goes out dancing at a gay bar called "Lips" with her sister Jackie (Laurie Metcalf) and friend Nancy (Sandra Bernhard) and Nancy's girlfriend Sharon (Mariel Hemingway). Roseanne is having fun until Sharon kisses her, causing Roseanne anxiety. The next day, after discussing the kiss with Jackie and getting into an argument with Nancy, Roseanne realizes that she may not be as cool as she thinks she is.
Reception and controversy.
ABC, fearing viewer and sponsor backlash, initially planned not to air the episode. "Roseanne" executive producer Tom Arnold went public with the network's decision in an interview with "Variety". Arnold stated that he was told by network executives that "a woman cannot kiss a woman. It is bad for the kids to see." and that the network stood to lose up to $1 million in advertising revenue. In response, Barr threatened to move her series, then one of the most popular on television, to another network. LGBT media watchdogs the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation urged ABC to air the kiss uncensored, while the conservative Media Research Center declared the episode an insult to American families. ABC eventually relented and not only aired "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" uncensored, but began specifically promoting it as "the lesbian kiss episode". The network did, however, place a parental advisory warning on the episode. At least one sponsor, Kraft Foods, sent out a memo to network affiliates and local advertising agencies ordering that no ads for its products run during the episode, a move that "Out" magazine's then-publisher Michael Goff said was motivated by "their fear from dealing with America as it is". Barr spoke about the controversy the week before the episode aired, questioning network standards that deem it "shocking to see a woman kiss another woman but not shocking to see a woman raped, mutilated and shot every two seconds".
Television critic Frank Rich of "The New York Times" called "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" "a small step forward for the stirring of homosexuals into the American melting pot" and a "sophisticated half-hour turned homophobia on its ear". "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" scored 30 million viewers upon first airing. Approximately 100 telephone calls came in to ABC in response to the episode, with most of them being positive. Writers Stan Zimmerman and Jim Berg were nominated for a Writers Guild of America award for their work on the episode.
"Roseanne" was one of the first American television series to feature an intimate kiss between two women. Three years earlier, "L.A. Law" had aired an episode that included a kiss between bisexual-identified character C.J. Lamb (Amanda Donohoe) and straight-identifying Abby Perkins (Michele Greene). The kiss led to complaints to the network and five sponsors pulled their ads from the episode. In reviewing incidents of lesbian kisses on network television programs, "The New York Times" noted that they tended to happen during "sweeps" periods, when the networks use Nielsen ratings to determine advertising rates. Noting lesbian kisses during sweeps periods on such shows as "L.A. Law", "Picket Fences", "Party of Five" and "Ally McBeal" in addition to the "Roseanne" episode and noting that they occur about once per year, the "Times" concludes that kisses between women are: "Eminently visual; cheap, provided the actors are willing; controversial, year in and year out; and elegantly reversible (sweeps lesbians typically vanish or go straight when the week's over), kisses between women are perfect sweeps stunts. They offer something for everyone, from advocacy groups looking for role models to indignation-seeking conservatives, from goggle-eyed male viewers to progressive female ones, from tyrants who demand psychological complexity to plot buffs."
Michele Greene confirmed in an interview with AfterEllen.com that her kiss with Amanda Donohoe's C.J. was a ratings ploy and that there was never any intention on the part of producers to seriously explore the possibility of a relationship between two women.
During a period in network television history when producers were pushing the broadcast boundaries on sexually explicit content with such shows as "NYPD Blue", the controversy over this and other television episodes that made inroads into presenting same-sex sexuality or affection led producers not to present any sexualization of their gay and lesbian characters. "So viewers got to see Carol and Susan wed on "Friends", but they didn't get to see them kiss. And fans of "NYPD Blue" could hear male hustlers talk about their johns, but the only sex they got to see involved the precinct's straight cops—naked butts and all. Clearly, chastity was the price gay characters paid for admission to prime-time television in the 1990s."
Mariel Hemingway reprised her role as Sharon in the 1995 episode "December Bride", in which long-time character Leon (Martin Mull) marries his boyfriend Scott (Fred Willard). Roseanne's husband Dan (John Goodman) is distressed at seeing two men kiss and Roseanne chastises him for making a fuss about two people of the same sex kissing. Sharon then sits down behind Roseanne and says hi. Her cameo serves as a callback to this episode and the controversy it engendered. 
Hemingway had also playfully made light of the controversy outside of "Roseanne": on September 30, 1995, during her opening monologue while hosting the season premiere of "Saturday Night Live", she took viewers on an introductory backstage tour of the show - which had been recast and re-branded over the summer - in which she kissed all three female cast members and director Beth McCarthy.

</doc>
<doc id="20244463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244463" title="List of constituents of British Railways">
List of constituents of British Railways

The following is a list of constituents of British Railways. British Railways (BR) was formed by nationalisation on 1 January 1948 in accordance with the Transport Act 1947. It had four major constituents, but there were a number of joint lines between these, and additionally some light railways were taken into the fold. Even then, some light railways were not nationalised.
Major constituents.
The major constituents (the "Big Four") were:
Joint railways.
Joint railways between the four major constituents (and others) were:
Irish railways.
Irish railways owned by the LMS (the Northern Counties Committee lines) were also acquired but were quickly sold on to the Government of Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20244511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244511" title="After Sics">
After Sics

After Sics is the compilation album from rappers Lord Infamous and II Tone. It was released on January 27, 2009. It is Black Rain Entertainment. 

</doc>
<doc id="20244512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244512" title="Sophie Dix">
Sophie Dix

Sophie Dix (born 1969) is an English actress, best known for her role as Captain Sadie Williams in "Soldier Soldier". She has also had roles in "The Bill", "Benidorm", "Between The Lines", and "Holby City".

</doc>
<doc id="20244516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244516" title="Gnomic">
Gnomic

Gnomic may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20244529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244529" title="Watauga Dam">
Watauga Dam

Watauga Dam is a hydroelectric and flood control dam on the Watauga River in Carter County, in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is owned and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority, which built the dam in the 1940s as part of efforts to control flooding in the Tennessee River watershed. At , Watauga is the second-highest dam in the TVA river and reservoir system (behind only Fontana), and at the time of its completion was one of the highest earth-and-rock dams in the United States. The dam impounds the TVA Watauga Reservoir of , and its tailwaters feed into Wilbur Lake. The Appalachian Trail crosses the top of Watauga Dam. 
Watauga Dam is named after the Watauga River. The river was named after a Cherokee settlement— the Watauga Old Fields— once located along the river at modern Elizabethton.
Location.
Watauga Dam is located above the mouth of the Watauga, at a point where the westward-flowing river veers north to slice a water gap through the middle of Iron Mountain. The dam is about downstream from Butler, Tennessee and upstream from Elizabethton. Watauga Lake stretches for along the river, nearly reaching the Tennessee-North Carolina state line, and includes parts of Carter County and Johnson County in Tennessee. Roan Creek, Cobb Creek, and the Elk River form substantial embayments along the reservoir.
Capacity.
Watauga Dam is an earth-and-rock dam high and long, and has a generating capacity of 57,600 kilowatts. The dam's fixed-crest morning glory spillway has a maximum discharge of . Watauga Lake has of shoreline and a storage capacity of , of which is reserved for flood control. The reservoir's operating levels vary by about in a typical year.
Watauga's powerhouse is located nearly a mile downstream from the dam, and is connected to the reservoir intake by a tunnel. Just above the powerhouse, the tunnel splits into two steel conduits that carry the water to a valve house just above the turbines.
Background and construction.
The hydroelectric potential of the Watauga River had been recognized since the early 1900s, when the Watauga Power Company built Wilbur Dam downstream from the modern Watauga Dam site. In the 1920s, the Holston River Power Company began making plans for a large-scale dam-building project in the South Fork Holston River watershed, and had identified two possible dam sites along the Watauga, one of which was the current site of Watauga Dam (the company called it the "Cardens Bluff" site). In the early 1940s, the Tennessee Valley Authority— which had assumed oversight of flood control operations in the Tennessee River watershed in the previous decade, suggested a dam at the Cardens Bluff site to provide badly needed flood storage and help with the region's World War II energy demands. The dam project garnered widespread local support, especially from Elizabethton, which had been ravaged by a flood in 1940. The Watauga project was authorized December 17, 1941, and work on the dam began on February 16, 1942.
The construction of Watauga Dam and its reservoir required the purchase of of land, 
Watauga Dam was completed and its gates opened December 1, 1948. The dam's first generator went online August 30, 1949, and the second went online September 29, 1949. The total cost of the Watauga project was just over $32 million.
Popular Culture.
In the Old Crow Medicine Show song "Half Mile Down" on "Carry Me Back", the narrator sings of his home town which was flooded due to the construction of the dam.

</doc>
<doc id="20244531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244531" title="Free Play">
Free Play

Free Play may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20244545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244545" title="NGC 1931">
NGC 1931

NGC 1931, found in the constellation Auriga has been referred to as a "miniature version of the Orion Nebula", as it shares some of the same characteristics. It is a mixed emission-reflection nebula, and contains a smaller version of the Trapezium in its hot young star cluster centered in the emission nebula. The entire cluster/nebula complex is only about 3 arcmin in size. The distance from earth is estimated at about 7000 light years.
The nebula is Sharpless catalog Sh 2-237.

</doc>
<doc id="20244551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244551" title="Cockatoo (disambiguation)">
Cockatoo (disambiguation)

Cockatoo may refer too:

</doc>
<doc id="20244553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244553" title="Gnomic will">
Gnomic will

The notion of gnomic will belongs to Eastern Orthodox ascetical theology, being developed particularly within the theology of St Maximus the Confessor. The term 'gnomic' derives from the Greek "gnome", meaning 'inclination' or 'intention'. Within Orthodox theology, gnomic willing is contrasted with natural willing. Natural willing designates the free movement of a creature in accordance with the principle ("logos") of its nature towards the fulfilment ("telos", "stasis") of its being. Gnomic willing, on the other hand, designates that form of willing in which a person engages in a process of deliberation culminating in a free choice.
Within the theology of St Maximus, which was endorsed by the Sixth Ecumenical Council in condemning monothelitism, Jesus Christ possessed no gnomic will. St Maximus developed this claim particularly in his "Dialogue with Pyrrhus". According to St Maximus, the process of gnomic willing presupposes that a person does not know what they want, and so must deliberate and choose between a range of alternatives. However, Jesus Christ, as the Second Person of the Holy Trinity was omniscient. Therefore, St Maximus reasoned, Christ was never in a state of ignorance regarding what he wanted, and so never engaged in gnomic willing.

</doc>
<doc id="20244563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244563" title="Heroin (band)">
Heroin (band)

Heroin was a short-lived but influential underground post-hardcore band, originating in San Diego in 1989.
History.
Heroin was a forerunner of the screamo subgenre of hardcore punk. They were noted for the psychological intensity of their songs, which tended to be very short and include extraordinarily fast drumming and screamed vocals. Heroin only released a handful of vinyl EPs and singles, primarily on San Diego record label Gravity Records; the group's debut 7" was also Gravity's first release. These releases were typically packaged in enigmatic ways, such as in a sleeve that looked like a grocery bag. A complete discography was later compiled on the "Heroin" CD in 1997, also issued on Gravity.
The band split in 1993 after its members decided amicably to move on to other projects. Members went on to play in groups such as Antioch Arrow, Clikatat Ikatowi, and Second Story Window; vocalist Matt Anderson also worked with A Minor Forest, Mohinder, and Angel Hair. Matt and Scott even played in the legendary San Diego punk/hardcore band, Battalion of Saints from 2005-2008.
Posthumous legacy.
Though the group was active for only four years and received little attention during the band's actual lifespan, the release of the Gravity compilation, as well as later accolades, resulted in their receiving considerable posthumous acclaim. Geoff Rickly, lead singer of Thursday, named Heroin as one of his major influences. Allmusic called the group "one of the defining innovators in early '90s hardcore". In 2008, "Alternative Press" named Heroin as a group of significant interest in its profile of "23 Bands who Shaped Punk", writing that "Heroin never received overdue credit for inspiring the aesthetic that Story of the Year, From First to Last and others eventually took to the bank."
Emo subculture and history website Fourfa describes Heroin's self-titled LP as "A wall of furious, chaotic noise, vocal-chord-shredding screaming, lyrics of ultimate disillusionment and pain, and just the right amount of melody to pull things together without interrupting the flow of angst."

</doc>
<doc id="20244609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244609" title="National Dental Examining Board of Canada">
National Dental Examining Board of Canada

The National Dental Examining Board of Canada, also known as the NDEB (French: Le Bureau national d'examen dentaire du Canada) is the organization is responsible for granting approval for dentists to practice in Canada through standardized examinations. Its headquarters are in Ottawa.
According to the Act of Parliament, the NDEB is responsible for the establishment of qualifying conditions for a national standard of dental competence for general practitioners, for establishing and maintaining an examination facility to test for this national standard of dental competence and for issuing certificates to dentists who successfully meet this national standard. The NDEB, in cooperation with the Royal College of Dentists of Canada, is also responsible for the establishment of qualifying conditions for a single standard national certificate for dental specialties.
History.
In 1906 under the auspices of The Canadian Dental Association (CDA) the Dominion Dental Council was formed to conduct national written examinations, the successful completion of which would grant the candidate a Dominion Dental Council certificate. The National Certificate could then be presented to the Provincial Dental Regulatory Authorities (DRA’s) as evidence of the candidate's ability to meet a basic national standard of competence. Some DRA’s were prepared to grant licenses to practice on the basis of the certificate, however, others chose to accept the certificate as an academic base only and required the candidate to pass provincial practical tests in addition.
The Dominion Dental Council proved to be rather ineffective. A name change to The Dental Council of Canada in 1950 along with attempts to improve the efficiency of the examination mechanism still failed to attract strong support from the DRA’s. This was in spite of the fact that the DRA’s agreed with the general concept. They had indicated a desire to be free of provincial licensing examinations, providing that a strong competent national examination system could be introduced, which they could support.
The following year (1951) the CDA encouraged the ten DRA’s to meet in an attempt to develop a satisfactory plan for a National Examining Board. Its purpose was to provide a facility by which members of the profession could become eligible, on a national basis, to apply for practice privileges in the province of their choice. This meeting resulted in the incorporation of The National Dental Examining Board of Canada (NDEB) in 1952 by an Act of Parliament of Canada. The Act was supported by all ten DRA’s and by the CDA and this support continues today.
Since 1952, the NDEB has issued 21,907 certificates.
Structure.
The National Dental Examining Board of Canada is composed of twelve members. Each DRA appoints one member and two members are appointed by the Commission on Dental Accreditation of Canada.
In 1994, the Board designated representatives from the Royal College of Dentists of Canada, the Commission on Dental Accreditation of Canada, the Canadian Dental Association and the CDA Committee on Student Affairs as official observers. In 2004, the Board designated a representative from the Canadian Dental Regulatory Authorities Federation (CDRAF)as an official observer and appointed a Public Representative.
The Executive Committee of the Board, consisting of the President, President-Elect, Past-President and two other members, meets two or three times a year. The full Board meets annually. The NDEB also has standing committees dealing with examinations, appeals, finances and by-laws.
The NDEB appoints a Chief Examiner for the examinations. Examiners are appointed by the Board from lists submitted by the DRA’s and lists submitted by the Deans of Canadian dental faculties. The NDEB is a non-profit organization supported financially by fees charged to candidates for examination certification.
Certification.
Prior to 1971, a graduate of an undergraduate dental program in Canada was required to successfully complete the NDEB examination (written essay-type) in order to be certified. This policy was changed in 1971, when the NDEB decided to recognize the examinations and evaluation administered by Canadian faculties of dentistry and issue certificates to current graduates of these faculties without further examination. The conditions for certification of current graduates were established at this time to be proper application and graduation from an undergraduate dental program approved by the Commission on Dental Accreditation of Canada.
The NDEB, through its representatives on the Commission on Dental Accreditation of Canada and an appointee on each undergraduate program survey team actively participates in the accreditation process. In addition, the NDEB gives an annual grant to the Commission to be applied to accreditation costs of undergraduate dental programs in Canada and the United States.
In 1988 concern was expressed by several DRA’s about the validity of establishing clinical competence solely by accreditation. This concern was further intensified by the extension of the accreditation cycle from five to seven years. The NDEB, therefore, in 1989 established a committee "to explore whether the granting of a certificate on the basis of accreditation alone continues to be acceptable." This committee (Certification Review Committee or CRC) presented its report at the 1990 NDEB Annual Meeting. The report stated that certification based on accreditation alone was no longer acceptable, a finding which was further supported in the Parker Report.
As a result, the NDEB authorized two pilot projects which introduced and tested the use of NDEB external examiners/observers. In 1991 this involved the University of British Columbia, l’Université de Montréal and the University of Toronto. In 1992, the Universities of Alberta, Manitoba, McGill, Western Ontario and l’Université de Montréal participated in this pilot project. The pilot projects were deemed highly satisfactory by the NDEB. In 1993, certification for graduates of accredited Canadian Faculties of dentistry was based on present requirements and a successful report on the faculties’ participation in the NDEB External Examiner System.
In 1994, at the request of the DRA’s, the NDEB abandoned the External Examiner System and required that Canadian graduates pass the Written Examination. The NDEB committed to develop and implement an Objective Structured Clinical Examination (OSCE).
As a result of changes adopted at the 1993 Annual Meeting, in 1995 and onwards, graduates of dental programs accredited by the Commission on Dental Accreditation of Canada were required to pass both the NDEB Written Examination and the NDEB Objective Structured Clinical Examination (OSCE) in order to be certified.
In 1995 and 1996 an intense and lengthy consultation process with the DRA’s, the Commission on Dental Accreditation of Canada (CDAC), the Association of Canadian Faculties of Dentistry (ACFD), the American Association of Dental Schools (AADS) and the Commission on Dental Accreditation of the American Dental Association (ADA) was held. As a result a Notice of Motion was presented to the 1995 Annual Meeting that would significantly change the Board’s certification process. This Notice of Motion was circulated to the communities of interest and as a result, was revised, outlining conditions that required action by the ADA, the ACFD and the CDAC. In addition, to preserve national portability, the motion had to be ratified by all ten DRA’s.
During 1996, the ADA, CDAC and ACFD confirmed that the required changes would be made. The motion was subsequently passed by the NDEB at the November 1996 Annual Meeting and was ratified by all ten DRA’s.
As a result of the ADA Commission on Dental Accreditation making requested changes to their accreditation procedures, including the addition of state and national licensing board representatives to all site survey teams, the codification of the relationship between the ADA Commission on Dental Accreditation and the CDAC that ensures formal representation and involvement in each other’s process, the identification of the requested outcome measurement similar to the CDAC’s the Clinical Outcomes Review (CORE) Process. The NDEB was able to verify that the CDAC and the ADA accreditation processes were equivalent. Therefore, as of January 1, 1997, graduates of both US and Canadian accredited undergraduate dental programs were considered “accredited graduates”. To be certified, these graduates must pass the Written and OSCE Examinations within a specified period of time.
Until December 31, 1999, graduates of accredited programs who did not successfully complete the Written and OSCE Examinations within 7 years of graduation were granted a certificate by the Board following successful completion of the Examination for Certification of graduates of non-accredited dental programs established by the Board.
After January 1, 2000, graduates of accredited dental programs who do not successfully complete the Written and OSCE Examinations within 7 years of graduation were eligible to receive the Board’s certificate by successfully completing a Qualifying Program and then successfully completing the Written and OSCE Examinations.
As a result of wide consultation during a Strategic Planning process in 2003, the Board revised the “7 year rule” and allowed graduates of accredited programs who were more than 60 months past the date of their graduation to apply for special consideration to participate in the Board’s certification process. Also, in 2003, the Board placed a limit on the number of times a candidate could take an examination and added a public official observer.
Since the changes to the certification process for graduates of non-accredited dental programs in 1996, the Executive Committee of the National Dental Examining Board of Canada (NDEB) has been continually monitoring the results.
The 1996 changes introduced the 2 year Qualifying/Degree Completion Programs. The Commission on Dental Accreditation of Canada’s (CDAC) Standards for the Qualifying/Degree Completion Programs initially required that these programs be two academic years in length. Presently, these are approximately 80 students accepted into these programs each year. These programs work extremely well, faculties report that virtually every student requires the full 2 years in the programs to meet the national standard. However, it has been reported that there have been a few students who may not have needed the full 2 years.
In 2001, to provide more flexibility, the NDEB and the Canadian Dental Regulatory Authority Federation (CDRAF) requested the CDAC change the standards to allow a student to demonstrate competence in a shorter time. Although CDAC modified the standards, the Qualifying Programs find it difficult to satisfactorily evaluate students until they have almost completed the programs. In addition, as of 2006, all Faculties of Dentistry in Canada have moved to Degree Completion Programs which, due to university regulation, have 2 year residency requirements.
Currently, the CDRAF has initiated a certification process for graduates of non-accredited dental specialty programs, and several Provincial Dental Regulatory Authorities (DRA’s) have indicated the need to develop an alternative process for certification of general dentists.
Structure of Examination.
Written Examination.
The Written Examination consists of 2 papers, each with 150 multiple choice type questions. Each paper is given in a 2 hours and thirty minutes examination session. The sessions are held in the morning and afternoon of one day. One part of the written examination tests the basic sciences while the other tests the clinical sciences. 
The basic sciences portion resembles Part I of the National Board Dental Examination in the United States, while the clinical portion is similar to Part II.
Objective Structured Clinical Examination (OSCE).
The OSCE is a station type examination (also known as "bell-ringer" type).
The majority of the stations have 2 questions and require the candidate to review the information supplied (e.g. case history, photographs, radiographs, casts, models) and answer extended match type questions. Each extended match type question has up to 15 answer options and one or more correct answer(s). A few stations may require the candidate to review the information supplied and write an acceptable prescription for a medication commonly prescribed by general dentists in Canada.
Candidates have 5 minutes at each station to answer the questions, after which they move on to the next station.
Current Exam.
The dates of the current exam cycle are a Saturday and a Sunday in March, June and December. The examination is administered on two consecutive days; the written section on Saturday and the OSCE on Sunday. Accommodations can usually be made for candidates who have conflicting religious observations. For candidates who observe the Sabbath on Saturday, the written exam may be taken on Friday. The current fee for the exam is CDN $2000. Once graduation from an accredited dental school is confirmed, the NDEB sends successful candidates an official certificate, which in turn is used to apply to individual provinces and territories for licensure.

</doc>
<doc id="20244619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244619" title="Mirage (1972 film)">
Mirage (1972 film)

Mirage () is a 1972 Peruvian drama film directed by Armando Robles Godoy. Robles Godoy wrote the screenplay together with Bernardo Batievsky. It is the only Peruvian film to date to be nominated for a Golden Globe Award.
Plot.
A story about a young man who inherits a broken down estate at the edge of the Peruvian desert, with no explanation about the former owners or what had become of the once thriving house. By searching through the rocks and sands for relics, he discovers the answers to the mystery, told in flashback. The film combines the boy's search with other socio-economic issues relevant to Peru in a confusing, but insightful manner.
Awards and nominations.
The film was selected as the Peurvian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 45th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
'" Cartagena Film Festival
"' Chicago Film Festival

</doc>
<doc id="20244642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244642" title="Adventures in Blackmoor">
Adventures in Blackmoor

Adventures in Blackmoor is a 64-page "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game adventure, designed to be compatible with the "Dungeons & Dragons Expert Set."
Plot summary.
"Adventures in Blackmoor" is a scenario set in the land of Blackmoor, 3000 years before other "D&D" scenarios by TSR. The player characters are transported from their "modern" time to the time of Blackmoor and must rescue King Uther from The Prison Out of Time.
The adventure takes place in three parts inside an inn. The first part of the adventure takes place in a dungeon setting. Clues found in the inn lead to the second part of the adventure. The inn shifts between dimensions for the second part of the adventure, which concerns itself with certain changes taking place inside the inn as it shifts. In the third and final part of the adventure, the inn shifts to another dungeon.
The final 20 pages of the adventure give a description of Blackmoor, and detail 38 prominent NPCs from the setting. The module includes campaign setting material on Blackmoor and the Thonian Empire.
Publication history.
DA1 "Adventures in Blackmoor" was written by Dave L. Arneson and David J. Ritchie, and published by TSR in 1986 as a 64-page booklet with a color map and outer folder. The module uses Arneson's original campaign setting of Blackmoor, updated for the "D&D Expert Rules". It features cover art by Jeff Easley and interior artwork by Jim Holloway. It is designed for character levels 10–14, and features some locations and characters from Dave Arneson's original "Blackmoor" campaign.
This module consists of a 64-page booklet and an A2 color map inside a wraparound card cover. Also included are seven pages of background for the DM, which give the history of the area in which the adventure is set, as well as three more pages introducing the player characters to the world of Blackmoor.
Reception.
Graeme Davis reviewed "Adventures in Blackmoor" for "White Dwarf" #86, calling the adventure "a device to get the Player characters into the world of Blackmoor from wherever they happen to be at the time". Davis felt that having the adventure take place in three versions of the same inn "cuts down on the map requirement but can lead to a static feel in play". He noted that while the adventure's introduction links it to X1 "Isle of Dread", the device could be used in any game world. He felt that ending the adventure in an old-fashioned "zoo-dungeon" was disappointing, "reminding us of Blackmoor's origins", but that the clues leading to the second part of the adventure were intriguing.
Davis felt that the background provided on Blackmoor was interesting information, but was too little for Dungeon Masters to base further adventures on the setting. He found that the adventure only has one core idea that doesn't get explored much. He was also disappointed that Blackmoor wasn't explored much "despite the colour map which comes as part of the package". Davis does note that players familiar with TSR and Judges' Guild products of the late 1970s would get a feeling of nostalgia from this adventure, and that the "zoo-dungeon" is "well written and set out, with a reasonable plot, and should provide an interesting and enjoyable session's play", despite how such adventures had become old fashioned by the time this module was published. He concluded the review by stating that the module "makes a reasonably good introduction to Blackmoor, but a lot will rest on "DA2" and the rest of the series; as a campaign starter "DA1" has a lot going for it, but it will stand or fall on what comes next".

</doc>
<doc id="20244664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244664" title="412th Engineer Command (United States)">
412th Engineer Command (United States)

The 412th Theater Engineer Command (TEC) is a United States Army Reserve unit that conducts theater-level engineer operations for Eighth U.S. Army, Korea; U.S. Army Europe; and U.S. Army Pacific, supports continental U.S. – based engineer requirements as directed, and is prepared to participate in Joint and Combined regional contingency operations.
History.
The 412th Engineer Command provides theater-level engineer support to the Combatant Commander in the event of a contingency operation. It is designed to command hundreds of engineer units and thousands of Soldiers in a war fighting capacity. The Command has historical training relationships in the Pacific and European theaters, and provides direct support to the Eighth US Army in Korea. The Command also is the Army Reserve’s Executive Agent for Operation Sand Castle at Fort Irwin, CA, which is a 10-year urban terrain construction mission for engineer units conducting their Annual Training. Prior to mobilization, the 412th ENCOM is under operational control of the Headquarters, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
As an operational command, the 412th has 3 brigades and 96 other assigned units with approximately 10,000 Soldiers located throughout the southeast and northeast U.S. These units include the 926th Engineer Brigade, 411th Engineer Brigade, 302d Maneuver Enhancement Brigade, and the 314th Press Camp Headquarters.
The Command was formed in the Organized Reserves in 1923, and served in World War II, earning the Meritorious Unit Commendation. In the 1990s, the 412th participated in Operation Joint Endeavor and Operation Joint Forge in Bosnia and Kosovo, and as part of the Hungary Joint Task Force East in several former Warsaw Pact and Soviet countries.
412th Soldiers have assisted with construction missions and supported joint exercises in Thailand, the Philippines, Vietnam, and the Marshall Islands. During the East Timor crisis in 2002, Soldiers from the 412th provided engineer support to the UN.
The 412th headquarters has deployed numerous detachments since the beginning of the Global War on Terror. In 2003, a detachment deployed as the Engineer Section for the Headquarters, U.S. Army Europe. In 2004, the CG and a small detachment supported the Multi-National Force in Baghdad. In 2005, the 412th deployed a design management section to support the 130th Engineer Brigade in Iraq. In 2006 and 2008, the 412th deployed task forces to augment the Gulf Region Division of the Corps of Engineers in Iraq. Currently, more than 800 of its Soldiers have deployed to Iraq. In 2009–2010, DCP 1 deployed to Afghanistan as part of Operation Enduring Freedom. The 412th provided engineering and logistical support for hurricane relief after Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita devastated the Louisiana and Mississippi coasts in the late summer of 2005.
Lineage.
Constituted in July 1923 in the Organized Reserves as the 372nd Engineer Regiment.
Organized in November 1924
Redesignated 1 August 1942 as the 372nd Engineer General Service Regiment.
Ordered into active military service 20 December 1942 at Camp Claiborne, Louisiana'
Departed CONUS 14 August 1943
Arrived in England on 21 August 1943
Deployed to France 9 October 1944, and immediately entered Rhineland Campaign already in progress.
Unit disengaged from Rhineland Campaign to support Ardennes-Alsace Campaign on 16 December 1944.
Ardennes-Alsace Campaign concluded on 25 January 1945, and unit resumed engagement in Rhineland Campaign.
Rhineland Campaign concluded on 21 March 1945
Unit engaged in Central Europe Campaign on 22 March 1945
Unit Invaded Germany on 4 April 1945
Central Europe Campaign concluded on 11 May 1945
Returned to CONUS on 2 July 1945, and located at Fort Belvoir, Virginia.
Unit located at Fort Belvior on 14 August 1945
Unit Inactivated 25 October 1945 at Fort Belvoir, Virginia
Headquarters and Headquarters and Service Company activated 14 November 1947 at Missoula, Montana
Organized Reserves redesignated 25 March 1948 as the Organized Reserve Corps
Unit Inactivated 11 February 1949 at Missoula, Montana
Headquarters and Headquarters and Service Company redesignated 3 May 1949 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 412th Engineer Brigade, and activated at Vicksburg, Mississippi
Organized Reserve Corps; redesignated 9 July 1952 as the Army Reserve
Unit reorganized and redesignated 15 January 1968 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 412th Engineer Command
Elements ordered into active military service in stages between 17 May 1996 and 1 December 1996 at Vicksburg, Mississippi.
Unit Released from active military service 10 February 1997 and reverted to reserve status
Elements ordered into active military service in stages between 2003 and 2010 in support of the Global War on Terror

</doc>
<doc id="20244666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244666" title="Ravnedalen, Kristiansand">
Ravnedalen, Kristiansand

Ravnedalen is a park at Grim in Kristiansand, close to Baneheia. It was constructed 1874–1878 by military soldiers under Colonel, later Major General Joseph Frantz Oscar Wergeland's command.
History.
Ravnedalen was the former billeting area "Grimsmoen", which had room for about 1,200 soldiers. In the 1860s the military camp was moved to "Gimlemoen". There were plans for using the old camp area as a rifle range, but Colonel Wergeland protested and insisted that the area would be perfect for a pleasure garden. In 1872 "Byselskabet", where Wergeland was a chairman, applied for fundings, and the park was constructed during 1874–1878, by soldiers with spades instead of weapons.
Construction.
The park was constructed as a romantic garden, in a vally with dramatic cliffs and waterfalls. A dam fointaine was built with natural pressure support from the nearby lake Baanetjønn. The garden has open areas for public arrangements like concerts, gatherings and festivals. The former gardener house is today used as a café. There used to be apes and peacocks, while today ducks and swanes dominate the lakes. Some of Norway's largest spruce trees, planted around 1875, are found in the park. Exotic plants were imported and planted, like rhododendron, magnolia, mimosa, yew and cypress.
Culture.
In the 1880s and 1890s the area was used for public feasts. Today, Ravnedalen is one of Kristiansand's cultural sites, where concerts and other arrangements are held regularly. The location has a capacity of 5,000 spectators in front of the outdoor stage.
Gustav Lærum's 1917 bronze statue of Wergeland is located in Ravnedalen.

</doc>
<doc id="20244680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244680" title="Thomas Erdos">
Thomas Erdos

Thomas "Tommy" Erdos (born 30 October 1963) is a Brazilian auto racing driver. He has raced for most of his career in Great Britain and Europe, where he currently resides in Buckinghamshire England with his partner Sheila. He has three children.
Racing career.
Early career.
His first racing was with single-seaters in 1988, in the British Formula First Championship. His impressive start to racing saw him finish as runner up in his first season, with eleven podiums, including five race wins. A year later he raced in the Formula Ford 2000 Championship, finishing in third, with three race wins. In 1990, he stepped up to British Formula Renault. His nine podium finishes, including four race wins, was enough to win him the championship. Whilst testing for Formula Three at the end of the season, he was involved in a serious accident which left him out of racing for a whole year.
He returned to racing with some success in Formula Renault in 1992 and 1994, with a year in Formula 3 in-between. He also worked as an Instructor for the Jim Russell Racing School in 1993, for three years.
GT and Le Mans Part 1.
In 1995 he moved into GT racing, driving a Marcos LM600, he drove in the BRDC GT Championship for Team Marcos. His first year in GTs saw him get four class wins, along with one outright win. This year also saw his first drive in the Le Mans 24 Hour race. Still with Team Marcos alongside Chris Hodgetts and Cor Euser, the race ended in retirement.
A drive for Marcos Racing International in the BPR Global Endurance GT series, saw him finish third in the GT2 class at the end of the season in 1996. Again, his race in the Le Mans 24 Hour race ended in retirement with Cor Euser and Pascal Dro. In the BRDC GT Championship he drove in just a few selected races. For 1997 he first raced for Cirtek Motorsport in a Ford Saleen Mustang GT2, before switching to AJL Racing, where he drove a Jaguar XJ220 GT1, where he achieved four podium finishes. He also drove in two rounds of the FIA GT Championship for Cirtek Motorsport. Yet again his race in the Le Mans 24 Hour ended in a retirement.
In 1998 he raced in several different cars in BRDC GT Championship, including a TVR Cerbera GT2, a Porsche 911 GT2 and finally back with a Marcos LM600 for NCK Racing, which he continued with in 1999 and 2000. Also in 1999, he finished in twenty-second place overall in the Le Mans 24 Hours. His Chrysler Viper GTS-R finished the race but struggled with mechanical problems.
In 2000 he drove in one round of the ALMS at the Nürburgring, where he finished in second in a Chrysler Viper GTS-R for Chamberlain Motorsport.
BTCC.
Erdos got a drive in the prestigious British Touring Car Championship in 2001. Originally the ABG Motorsport Team had planned to field two independent Lexus IS200s along with Kurt Luby. In the end only one car raced all season, with Erdos replacing Luby half way through the season. Despite driving in only twelve rounds from a total of twenty-six, he managed to impress many people by challenging with the works team and finishing the season in seventh place in points. He was lined up for a possible drive in the BTCC in 2007 for Xero Competition, but the team failed to raise the funds needed.
GT and Le Mans Part 2.
In January 2002 Erdos, together with Ian McKellar Jnr and Bobby Verdon-Roe, ran in the Daytona 24 Hours in a Saleen S7R entered by by Graham Nash Motorsport (GNM). The car was so new that it ran in unpainted carbon fibre. Erdos was fastest in class in the early stages despite running against the formidable Jaguar of Paul Gentilozzi. However, alternator failures forced the team to 'park' the car after the opening few hours, using their remaining alternator to enable them to take the chequered flag by coming out to complete the final few laps.
For the 2002 season Erdos was paired with Ian McKellar Jnr in the British GT championship driving the same Saleen S7R run by GNM, now painted white, with support from several AD Group companies together with Mouchel Metro and Renault trucks South West. The pair won the championship and Erdos won the Top Gun award for achieving pole position at every round.
In the same year Erdos, together with Pedro Chaves and Gavin Pickering, was entered in the Saleen at Le Mans by GNM.
Erdos began 2003 at Daytona in the Rolex 24 and then Erdos contested the FIA GT Championship in a Saleen S7R entered by GNM. His co-driver was Mike Newton and the car ran in the livery of Newton's AD Group of Companies. At Le Mans, the same car was run by Ray Mallock Ltd (RML) and Erdos' co drivers were Chaves and Newton. They failed to finish after a gearbox failure in the 24th hour.
Erdos competed in the one off 1000km race run on the Bugatti circuit at Le Mans in November 2003 in an MG EX257 with co-drivers Chris Goodwin and Newton. The RML entry retired after 65 laps with mechanical failure.
Erdos was very busy in 2004 driving the MG EX257 in the inaugural Le Mans Endurance Series of 1000km races together with Newton and Miguel Ramos and also sharing the Saleen with Newton in the FIA GT Championship. Both cars were run by RML. He finished 5th in LMP1 class of the LMES and 6th in the GT class of the FIA GT Championship. For Le Mans he shared the MG with Newton and Nathan Kinch but a good run was ended by engine failure.
He once again started the 2005 season at the Rolex 24 at Daytona resulting in a best finish of 4th in the DP class and 7th overall. At Le Mans he shared the MG with Newton and Warren Hughes this time with Judd V8 power. A disastrous start with the car overheating on lap 1 and visiting the pits to have the cooling system bled and replenished left them last in class. However, a remarkable comeback with Hughes and Erdos setting fastest lap times throughout the night resulted in a class win by 4pm on the Sunday afternoon. In the Le Mans Series Erdos looked set to win the P2 class, but, in the last round in Turkey, a startline incident involving Jean-Marc Gounon resulted in the MG making heavy contact with the pitwall. A remarkable feat of pit work by the RML crew saw the car rebuilt in record time. They rejoined the race and climbed back up the field to be beaten to the championship by one point.
For 2006 the MG returned to Le Mans with AER power and this time, class victory was achieved from the front. Sharing with Newton and Andy Wallace the Erdos finished 8th overall after an almost trouble free run. At the final round of the LMS series in Jarama, Spain, Erdos was once again heading for championship victory having dominated the class throughout the season. An engine failure minutes before the end of the race meant that, once again, he just missed out on the top prize.
Le Mans was less kind to him in 2007 when retirement followed an accident in the Porsche Curves whilst Andy Wallace was driving. However, the LMS series finally came Erdos' way that season with victory in the P2 class.

</doc>
<doc id="20244698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244698" title="GM HydroGen4">
GM HydroGen4

HydroGen4 is the successor of the fuel cell vehicle HydroGen3, developed by General Motors/Opel and presented in 2007 at the IAA in Frankfurt. Its expected that automotive hydrogen technology, such as featured in the HydroGen4, may enter the early commercialization phase in the 2015 - 2020 time frame.
Specification.
The vehicle is based on the Chevrolet Equinox and has a GM fuel cell with 440 cells and an output of 93 kW. The hybrid powertrain also contains a nickel-metal-hydride battery with an energy content of 1.8 kWh/35 kW and a three-phase synchronous motor with 73 kW continuous power and 320 Nm of torque. The peak power of the engine is 94 kW. The hydrogen tanks at 700 Bar (10000 PSI) pressure contain 4.2 kilograms of hydrogen, which last about . The maximum speed is 160 km/h with an acceleration from 0 to 100 km/h in 12 seconds. The HydroGen4 is produced in a batch of 170 pcs from which 10 for the Clean Energy Partnership project in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20244728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244728" title="Al Eisenberg">
Al Eisenberg

Albert C. "Al" Eisenberg (born October 15, 1946) is an American politician. He served in the Virginia House of Delegates 2004–2010, representing the 47th district in the Arlington County suburbs of Washington, D.C. Prior to that, he served on the Arlington County Board 1984–1999. Eisenberg is a member of the Democratic Party.
Eisenberg served on the House committees on Agriculture, Chesapeake and Natural Resources (2004–2009), General Laws (2008–2009), and Science and Technology (2004–2009).
Eisenberg's wife, Sharon E. Davis, was chief clerk/chief minority clerk of the United States House Committee on Energy and Commerce 1981–2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20244741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244741" title="Jedi (disambiguation)">
Jedi (disambiguation)

Jedi are the fictional adherents of the warrior discipline in "Star Wars" films.
Jedi may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20244796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244796" title="Papyrus 107">
Papyrus 107

Papyrus 107 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1107, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John. The surviving texts of John are verses 17:1-2; 17:11, they are in a fragmentary condition. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the late 2nd or early 3rd century. 
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. It agrees with Codex Washingtonianus. 
The manuscript currently is housed at the Sackler Library (Papyrology Rooms, P. Oxy. 4446) at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20244798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244798" title="Bothwell, Utah">
Bothwell, Utah

Bothwell is an unincorporated community in Box Elder County, Utah, United States.
Located on highway U-102, the community is west of Tremonton and northeast of Thatcher.
Bothwell was founded as a farming community in 1894. It was originally named Rowville, after Mormon pioneer William H. Rowe. It was renamed Bothwell in 1918, to honor the builders of the Bothwell Canal, a project that aided farming in the area by bringing irrigation water from the Bear River. John R. Bothwell was president of the waterworks at that time.
Bothwell voted to incorporate as a town in 1937, in order to issue municipal bonds to develop the culinary water system. It was disincorporated sometime in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="20244801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244801" title="Elwood, Iowa">
Elwood, Iowa

Elwood is an unincorporated community in northwestern Clinton County, Iowa, United States. It lies along Iowa Highway 136 northwest of the city of Clinton, the county seat of Clinton County, and 5 miles (8 km) east of Lost Nation. Its elevation is 738 feet (225 m). It once possessed a post office, established in 1871. Elwood was named in honor of Kinsey Elwood who platted the town in 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="20244828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244828" title="Studio Lambert">
Studio Lambert

Studio Lambert is a fast-growing independent television production company based in Los Angeles and London.
It specializes in creating and producing entertaining non-scripted programs for the UK, US and international markets. It launched in Soho, London, in March 2008 and six months later opened a US office in Culver City, CA. It is currently producing shows in the US and UK for a wide range of broadcast and cable networks. In the 2011 Broadcast (magazine) survey of independent production companies, Studio Lambert ranked #11 by size of turnover.
Chief executive Stephen Lambert is responsible for creating ground-breaking international hit formats in Britain and America such as "Wife Swap", "Faking It", and "Secret Millionaire". Before launching Studio Lambert, he was chief creative officer of the RDF Media Group (now part of the Zodiak Media Group.) Eli Holzman has been the president of Studio Lambert USA since its inception in 2008. He is the former head and co-founder of Miramax Television. Holzman created the series "Project Runway", and served as the president of Ashton Kutcher’s Katalyst Films, where he developed and launched "Beauty and the Geek".
Studio Lambert is backed by All3Media, a global group of production companies and an international distribution company.
Undercover Boss.
Studio Lambert's first major formatted show was "Undercover Boss", which started on Britain's Channel 4 in 2009 and has become a very successful international hit format produced in more than twenty countries. Studio Lambert's American version premiered on CBS in February 2010 immediately after the Super Bowl to a record-breaking audience of nearly 40 million viewers - the largest audience ever for the premiere of a reality series. It went on to become the most popular new show of the 2009-10 television season in any genre with an average audience of 17 million viewers and to earn an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Reality Program in 2010, 2011 and 2012, winning the category in 2012. The second season averaged 12.3 million viewers and the third season, which saw the show move from Sunday to the less popular Friday night, attracted an average of 9.4 million viewers. CBS ordered a fourth season in March 2012.
SL USA.
In the US, in addition to "Undercover Boss" other Studio Lambert shows include the critically acclaimed "The Pitch" for AMC, "Kurt Sutter's Outlaw Empires" for Discovery, "Diamond Divers" and "Rat Bastards" for Spike, "Be the Boss" for A&E, "" for Style Network, "The Fairy Jobmother" for Lifetime and "Southern Fried Stings" for tru-TV.
SL UK.
In the UK, the company's returning series include "Undercover Boss", "Four in a Bed" (which is also a hit in France on TF1) and "The Fairy Jobmother" all for Channel 4. In May 2012 ITV announced that Studio Lambert was producing an eight episode UK version of the Israeli relationship format "Three" for ITV2.
Studio Lambert also produces documentary projects such as "Seven Days", a real-time documentary series filmed in Notting Hill and shown on Channel 4 in the autumn of 2010. Other documentary projects made by the company include "Benefit Busters" for Channel 4 and a feature documentary on the financial crash titled "The Flaw" which was launched at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2011.
The original 'Studio Lambert' was a very successful television commercials production company in the 1960s, 70s and 80s run by Stephen Lambert's father, Roger Lambert, a director of many well-known advertising commercials.

</doc>
<doc id="20244849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244849" title="Shing02">
Shing02

Shingo Annen (born 1975), better known by his stage name Shing02, is a Japanese rapper and producer. He was described by Patrick Neate as one of the Japanese emcees who "have addressed important issues from Japanese ethnicity to sexual exploitation to the education system."
Due in part to growing up in Western cities, Shing02 stands as one of the few multilingual rappers from Japan able to compose songs entirely in either Japanese or English. His rhyming style makes use of lyrics which are largely conceptual in nature and his hip-hop sound is known for blending various influences, ranging from reggae to traditional Japanese music to jazz. The style of music has made him a significant presence within the underground rap community, and he has achieved recognition beyond the scene for rapping "Battlecry", the theme song of the hip-hop-influenced chanbara anime "Samurai Champloo", produced by Japanese jazz rap DJ Nujabes.
Biography.
Shingo Annen was born in Tokyo, Japan in 1975 and grew up in various cities of Tanzania, London, and Japan. At the age of fifteen, Shing02 moved to the San Francisco Bay Area of California just following the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake, where he became involved in various creative arts programs. He then moved to Berkeley for schooling and studied art at the University of California, Berkeley.
Living in the Oakland and San Francisco Bay Area he became immersed in the hip-hop scene amongst direct descendants of members of civil rights movement groups such as the Black Panthers and Asian American activists. Shing02 has said of his music that "it was natural to have political and social messages in my music; I was fortunate to be exposed to it."
In 2010, Shing02 teamed up with Japanese-American jazz vocalist Emi Meyer for her second album, "Passport". The two initially met via Myspace and Meyer joined Shing02 on his summer tour of Japan in 2008, after which they began work on "Passport".
Shing02's remix of the song "Odakias" by Ryuichi Sakamoto was uploaded to Sakamoto's SoundCloud in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20244917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244917" title="The Green Wall">
The Green Wall

The Green Wall () is a 1970 Peruvian drama film directed by Armando Robles Godoy. Juan Cuadros wrote the screenplay based on the novel written by Omar Aramayo. The film was selected as the Peruvian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 42nd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="20244923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244923" title="Angela Clarke">
Angela Clarke

Angela Clarke (born 1969 in Liverpool, Merseyside) is an English actress best known for playing Colette Daly in the television drama series "Soldier Soldier". She has also appeared in "Brookside", "Coronation Street", "Liverpool 1", "The Bill" and "Casualty".
She is the younger sister of actress Margi Clarke ("Coronation Street" and "Family Affairs"), with whom she appeared in the film "Letter to Brezhnev" and screenwriter Frank Clarke ("Brookside" and "Letter to Brezhnev").

</doc>
<doc id="20244968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244968" title="Jardin Musée de Limeuil">
Jardin Musée de Limeuil

The Jardin Musée de Limeuil, also known as the Jardin ethnobotanique de Limeuil, is botanical garden located in Limeuil, Dordogne, Aquitaine, France.
The garden was created in 1980 as a collaboration between botanists, ethnologists, and historians to display plants of ethnobotanical importance through the ages. It opened to the public in 1992. Today the garden contains sections of plantings representing Prehistoric France, the neolithic era, pre-Roman Gaul, Gallo-Roman culture, the Middle Ages, the Renaissance, and contemporary cultivation. It contains wild relatives of today's crops (414 species), wild tomato (2 species and 50 cultivars), ancient fruit varieties (90 species), deciduous trees (68 species), conifers (3 species), and medicinal and ornamental plants from five continents. Its herbarium contains about 10,000 specimens.

</doc>
<doc id="20244993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244993" title="Nuttin' for Christmas">
Nuttin' for Christmas

"Nuttin’ for Christmas" (also known as Nothing for Christmas) is a novelty Christmas song written by Sid Tepper and Roy C. Bennett. It became a hit during the 1955 Christmas season when the song showed up on "Billboard"’s pop charts by a total of five different artists. The highest-charting of the five recordings was released by Art Mooney and His Orchestra, with seven-year-old Barry Gordon as lead vocalist; this version peaked at #6 and became a million-seller. Another notable version was performed by Stan Freberg (with Daws Butler appearing as a burglar helped by the kid at the end). Other charting versions were recorded by The Fontane Sisters, Joe Ward, and Ricky Zahnd and the Blue Jeaners.
The song was revived on the Big Top label by Kenny and Corky and hit the "Cashbox" Top 100 in 1959.
Other artists who have recorded the song include Eartha Kitt, Homer and Jethro, Relient K, Smash Mouth (featuring Rosie O'Donnell), Sugarland, and The Vindictives. The most recent cover was released in November, 2011 by The Plain White T's.
In 2009, Rap artist Tony Yayo sampled the original track on his mixtape "The Swine Flu" on a track titled "Somebody Snitched On Me" as a diss track for the rap artist Rick Ross.

</doc>
<doc id="20245008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245008" title="USS Watauga (1864)">
USS Watauga (1864)

USS "Watauga" was a proposed United States Navy screw frigate that was never built.
Projected as a screw frigate, "Watauga" was intended to be similar to, but somewhat larger than, the "Java"-class frigates (USS "Antietam", USS "Guerriere", USS "Minnetonka", and USS "Piscataqua").
Although first carried on the Navy List in 1864, "Watauga" was never laid down. The contract for her construction was cancelled in 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="20245033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245033" title="Walter Chetwynd">
Walter Chetwynd

Walter Chetwynd FRS (1 May 1633 – 21 March 1693), of Ingestre Hall, was an antiquary and politician. 
Life.
He was the only child of Walter Chetwynd (1598–1669), the eldest son of Walter Chetwynd (died 1638), who built Ingestre Hall. 
He was admitted to the Middle Temple in 1657, but returned his native Staffordshire and occupied various local offices.
In 1674, he was elected as Member of Parliament for Stafford when the sitting member died, but lost his seat in the second election of 1679. During the Popish Plot, he supported Titus Oates, but in 1682, he was providing information on the Staffordshire activities of the Duke of Monmouth. He regained Stafford in 1685 even though he had been appointed Sheriff of Staffordshire for that year. 
His attitude the Glorious Revolution was cautious, reporting the passage through Staffordshire of troops hostile to James II and did not sit in the Convention Parliament, but was elected for Staffordshire in 1690, greeting William III on his arrival at Lichfield in 1690. 
Chetwynd was also significant as a historian of his native county, building on the work of Sampson Erdeswicke. He began work on this subject in the 1660s and worked on it for the rest of his life. In doing this, he was following on the work of William Dugdale on Warwickshire. His writing of 'A Short Account of Staffordshire' began in 1679, but by 1688, he had only covered Pirehill Hundred in the northwest of the county. This remained unpublished until the early 20th century, when William Salt Archaeological Society published it in two of their volumes in 1909 and 1914. 
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1678, but took little part in its activities. He probably knew Christopher Wren, who was probably the architect of his new church at Ingestre, started in 1673 and completed in 1676. This interests were widespread, including numismatics, literature, theology, mathematics, but above all antiquities and natural history. Thus he gave hospitality and help to Robert Plot while he wrote his "Natural History of Staffordshire" from 1679. He was a hospitable and convivial man.
He died in London in 1693 of smallpox and was buried at Ingestre.
Family.
On 14 Sept. 1668, he married Anne, eldest daughter of Sir Edward Bagot, 2nd Baronet, of Blithfield, Staffordshire, leaving an only daughter, Frances, who died in her infancy.

</doc>
<doc id="20245037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245037" title="Hands-on computing">
Hands-on computing

Hands-On Computing is a branch of Human-Computer Interaction research, which focuses on computer interfaces that respond to human touch or expression, allowing the machine and the user to interact physically. Hands-on computing can make complicated computer tasks more natural to users by attempting to respond to motions and interactions that are natural to human behavior. Thus hands-on computing is a component of user-centered design, focusing on how users physically respond to virtual environments.
Implementations.
Keyboards.
Keyboards and typewriters are some of the earliest hands-on computing devices. These devices are effective because users receive kinesthetic feedback, tactile feedback, auditory feedback, and visual feedback. The QWERTY layout of the keyboard is one of the first designs, dating to 1878 New designs such as the split keyboard increase the comfortability of typing for users. Keyboards input directions to the computer via keys; however, keyboards do not allow the user direct interaction with the computer through touch or expression.
Stylus Pens and Tablets.
Tablets are touch-sensitive surfaces that detect the pressure applied by a stylus pen. This works via changes in magnetic fields or by bringing together two resistive sheets, for magnetic tablets and resistive tablets respectively. Tablets allow users to interact with computers by touching through a stylus pen, yet they do not respond directly to a user's touch.
Touchscreens.
Touchscreen allow users to directly interact with computers by touching the screen with his or her finger. It is natural for humans to point to objects in order to show a preference or a selection. Touchscreens allow users to take this natural action and use it to interact with computers. Problems arise due to inaccuracy: people attempt to make a selection, but due to incorrect calibration, the computer does not accurately process the touch.
Human Signaling.
New developments in Hands-On Computing have led to the creation of interfaces that can respond to gestures and facial signaling. Often haptic devices like a glove have to be worn to translate the gesture into a recognizable command. The natural actions of pointing, grabbing, and tapping are common ways to interact with the computer interface. The latest studies include using the eye signals to indicate selection or control the cursor. Blinking and the gaze of the eye are used to communicate selections. Computers can also respond to speech inputs. Developments in this technology have made it possible for users to dictate phrases to the computer instead of type them to display text on an interface. Utilizing human signal inputs allows more people to interact with computers and do so in a way that is humanly natural.
Current Problems.
There are still many problems with hands-on computing interfaces that are currently being eradicated through continuing research and development. The problem of creating a simple, user-friendly interface and developing it in an inexpensive and mass producible way is the main complication in hands-on computing technologies. Because some interactions between human and machine are ambiguous, the mechanical response is not always the desired result for the user. Different hand gestures and facial expressions can lead the computer to interpret one command, while the user wished to convey another one entirely. Solving this problem is currently one of the main focuses in research and development.
Researchers are also working to find the best way to design hands-on computing devices, so that the consumer can use the product easily. Focusing on user-centered design while creating hands-on computing products helps developers make the best and easiest to use product.
Research and Development.
This new field has a lot of room for contributions in research and product development. Hands-on computing technologies require scientists and engineers to approach a different problem solving strategy which considers the devices for interaction rather than just input; the interaction devices in terms of tool use; how interaction will mediate user-performance; and the context in which the devices will be used.
In order for a machine to be successfully used, people need to be able to transfer some of their current skill set to operate the machine. This can be done directly by comparing the interface to a known and familiar topic to help people understand, or by aiding the user to draw new inferences through feedback. Users have to be able to understand how to use and manipulate the interface in order to use it to its full capability. By applying their current skills, users can operate the machine without learning new concepts and approaches

</doc>
<doc id="20245051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245051" title="The Trial (2006 film)">
The Trial (2006 film)

La prueba () is a 2006 Peruvian film directed by Judith Vélez.
Awards and nominations.
Won.
'"Verona Love Screens Film Festival
Nominated.
"'Cartagena Film Festival
Huelva Latin American Film Festival

</doc>
<doc id="20245054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245054" title="Jackson Miller">
Jackson Miller

Jackson Hunter Miller (born April 30, 1967) is an American politician. Since 2006 he has served in the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 50th district, made up of the city of Manassas and part of Prince William County in the suburbs of Washington, D.C. He is a member of the Republican Party, and has been the House majority whip since 2012.
Miller has served on the House committees on Commerce and Labor (2010–), Courts of Justice (2008–), General Laws (2008–2009), Privileges and Elections (2007–), and Science and Technology (2007–2009).
Early life, education.
Miller was born in Washington, D.C. He attended W.T. Woodson High School in Fairfax County, Virginia, graduating in 1985. He received a B.S. degree in urban planning from Virginia Commonwealth University in 1990.
He served in the United States Army Reserve 1989–1999, attaining the rank of captain.
Electoral history.
In May 2004 Miller ran for a four-year term on the nonpartisan Manassas city council. In a race for three available seats, he finished third among four candidates.
On March 28, 2006, 84-year-old Republican Delegate Harry J. Parrish died, leaving the 50th House district seat vacant. Miller ran as the Republican nominee, replacing Parrish in a special election held together with the November congressional election.

</doc>
<doc id="20245086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245086" title="List of Dragon Ball chapters (series)">
List of Dragon Ball chapters (series)

"Dragon Ball" is a Japanese manga series, written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama. The story follows the adventures of Son Goku, a child who goes on a lifelong journey beginning with a quest for the seven mystical Dragon Balls. Along the way, he goes through many rigorous martial arts training regimens and educational programs, defeats a series of increasingly powerful martial artists, and becomes the top martial artist in the universe.
The series was published in individual chapters in the magazine "Weekly Shōnen Jump". These chapters were collected by Shueisha in a series of 42 "tankōbon" volumes; the first was released on November 10, 1985, while the last one was released on August 4, 1995. In 2002, the manga was re-released in a collection of 34 "kanzenban", which included a slightly rewritten ending, new covers, and color artwork from its "Weekly Shōnen Jump" run. There have also been two anime adaptations, both produced by Toei Animation; the first, also named "Dragon Ball", adapted the first sixteen volumes of the manga, while the second is titled "Dragon Ball Z" and adapted the remaining twenty-six.
The North American distributing company Viz Media has released all 42 volumes in English. Viz released volumes seventeen through forty-two of the manga under a separate ""Dragon Ball Z"" name to reduce confusion for their readers. Both began being published in March 1998 (with a re-release of the first ten volumes of both parts in 2003); the last volume of the first part was released on August 3, 2004, while the last one of the second part was released on June 6, 2006. The first 120 chapters of "Dragon Ball" were also released in individual comic book format, with the remaining chapters exclusive to the graphic novel format. In June 2008, Viz began re-releasing both "series" in a "wideban" format called "Viz Big Edition", which is a collection of three volumes in one. A "Collector's Edition" of volume one including a hardcover was released on November 4, 2008. In June 2013, they began releasing new 3-in-1 volumes of "Dragon Ball", utilizing the Japanese "kanzenban" covers.
__TOC__
Volume list.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20245122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245122" title="Rhode Island Red Monument">
Rhode Island Red Monument

The Rhode Island Red Monument is a historic commemorative sculpture in Little Compton, Rhode Island in the village of Adamsville, Rhode Island commemorating Rhode Island's state bird, the Rhode Island Red.
The Rhode Island Red Club of America, a chicken breeder organization founded in 1898, raised the funds for a monument in Adamsville because the Rhode Island Island Red was first bred near the village in the 1850s. The sculpture was completed in 1925 by Henry L. Norton. In 2001, the sculpture was added to the National Register of Historic Places. 

</doc>
<doc id="20245161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245161" title="The Phoenix Unchained">
The Phoenix Unchained

The Phoenix Unchained is the first book of Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory's "The Enduring Flame Trilogy". Its sequel is "The Phoenix Endangered".
Plot.
Harrier Gillain is the youngest of four brothers and born in a family that has held the Harbor Master position in Armathelieh for centuries. As the youngest, he must follow in his father's footsteps to become the next Harbor Master. He is good friends with Tiercel Rolfort, the eldest of 6 children and born and into minor Nobility. The begins during Festival Sennight in the city and Harrier's naming day falls on the first day. He receives a book called "A Compendium of Ancient Myth and Legend, Compiled from the Histories of the City" from his frequently travelling uncle, Alfrin. Having no desire to read the book, he hands it to Tiercel to read who is fond of reading and is actually interested in the book. A couple of days later Tiercel begins reading the book and his interests are piqued when he comes across topics he has not heard of before, among them are: High Mages, High Magick, and the Third War against the Light. The only magic he, or anyone he knows has ever heard of was Wild Magic, his curiosity got the better of him. Tiercel goes off to the Great Library to look for a book titled "A History of the City in Six Volumes".
Working in the city harbor, Harrier stumbles upon a ship that is wrecked, the captain of the vessel claims that it is a "kraken" that attacked the ship, but krakens were presumably destroyed along with all the Endarkend at the conclusion of the Third War against the Light. Harrier showed Tiercel the ship and its damage and explained to him the story the captain is giving on the damage's origin. Tiercel felt sympathetic to the captain's losses and was determined to see if High Magick can discover the truth of the matter. Having discovered a spell from one of the books in the Great Library called a "Knowing Spell", Tiercel decides to attempt to cast it on a piece of the ship so he can know the truth of the captain's tale. Tiercel attempts to cast the spell at home not following the instructions verbatim but nothing happens, he gets tired and falls asleep.
During his sleep he starts to dream about a beautiful lady within a lake of fire. She is waiting for something and he knows that if she gets her hands on whatever it is, its going to be trouble. Although the dream's imagery is not scary, the feeling that he gets frightens him greatly—more so because he feels that it is so real. Tiercel then wakes up amidst a fire in his room, the fire is snuffed out by his servants and he reports to his parents that he was trying to read during the night. He realizes that he must have messed up on the spell, having to improvise on a few things. He remembers from his readings that the simplest High Magick spell that can be cast is fire. Unknowingly, Tiercel has become the first High Mage in more than a thousand years.

</doc>
<doc id="20245229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245229" title="Bébé Lilly">
Bébé Lilly

Bébé Lilly (also known as Lilly Baba or Baby Lilly) is an animated baby girl singer in France. She has released thirteen singles, mainly in French, but several have also been recorded in other languages. She also has four albums and a DVD. Many of her songs have been ranked on top ten hits lists in France.
Discography.
Albums.
1 Also released under the titles "Este e o meu mundo" (Portugal), "Il mio mondo" (Italy) and "Meine Welt" (Austria) 
2 Also released under the titles "Super Bébé" (Portugal), "A világ körü" and "Dookoła świata"
Singles.
1 Also released under the titles "Hallo Papi" (Portugal) and "Ciao Papi" (Italy)
2 Also released under the title "La giungla degli animali" (Italy)
DVD.
1 Also released under the title "O meu" (Portugal)
2 Also released under the title "O meu das ferias" (Portugal)

</doc>
<doc id="20245287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245287" title="MTEP">
MTEP

3-((2-Methyl-4-thiazolyl)ethynyl)pyridine (MTEP) is a research drug that was developed by Merck & Co. as a selective allosteric antagonist of the metabotropic glutamate receptor subtype mGluR5. Identified through structure-activity relationship studies on an older mGluR5 antagonist MPEP, MTEP has subsequently itself acted as a lead compound for newer and even more improved drugs.
MTEP is both more potent and more selective than MPEP as a mGluR5 antagonist, and produces similar neuroprotective, antidepressant, analgesic, and anxiolytic effects but with either similar or higher efficacy depending on the test used.
MTEP also has similar efficacy to MPEP in reducing the symptoms of morphine withdrawal, and has anti-addictive effects in a variety of animal models, both reducing ethanol self-administration, and also decreasing the addictive effects of nicotine, cocaine and methamphetamine.

</doc>
<doc id="20245293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245293" title="Flettner rotor bomblet">
Flettner rotor bomblet

The Flettner rotor bomblet was a U.S. biological sub-munition that was never mass-produced. Based on the vertical Flettner rotor which takes advantage of the Magnus effect, a force acting on a spinning body in a moving airstream, it was developed toward the end of the U.S. biological weapons program in the 1960s.
History.
The Flettner rotor biological bomblet was an experimental cluster bomb sub-munition developed by the U.S. Army during the 1960s, as the U.S. biological weapons program neared its end. The weapon was never standardized, that is, mass-produced. William C. Patrick III said, in 1995, that the Flettner rotor was "probably one of the better devices for disseminating microorganisms."
Specifications.
The Flettner rotor was seven inches long and winged. It could carry a liquid or dry biological agent and was designed to be used as a sub-munition in a missile warhead, cluster bomb or dispenser. The fins, or wings, were designed to extend by centrifugal force, thus stabilizing the bomblet as it flew to the target area. The Flettner rotor has a glide angle of 44 degrees. The Flettner rotor made it possible for a single B-52 to cover an area of 20,000 square kilometers with biological agent.
The Flettner rotor utilized the delayed action dissemination technique (DADT) fuse. This type of fuse has two functions. The first is that the internal fuse can initiate the gas expulsion system in the event of tampering, or certain environmental conditions. This DADT fuse also self-destructs after three days if the munition fails to dispense its agent on impact as designed. Fuses incorporating self-destruct mechanisms are considerably more expensive than traditional fuses.

</doc>
<doc id="20245295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245295" title="List of Dragon Ball Z chapters">
List of Dragon Ball Z chapters

"Dragon Ball Z" is the North American title for the last two-thirds of the "Dragon Ball" manga, which is written and illustrated by Akira Toriyama. The story follows Son Goku as he discovers that he comes from the Saiyan warrior race, and starts facing enemies from the Saiyan and several other villains.
The original series was published in the magazine "Weekly Shōnen Jump". The individual chapters were collected by Shueisha in a series of 42 "tankōbon" volumes; The first "tankōbon" was released on November 10, 1985, while the last one was released on August 4, 1995. In 2002, the manga was re-released in a collection of 34 "kanzenban", which included a slightly rewritten ending, new covers, and color artwork from its "Weekly Shōnen Jump" run. There have also been two anime adaptations, both produced by Toei Animation. The first, also named "Dragon Ball", adapted the first sixteen volumes of the Japanese manga. The second one was titled "Dragon Ball Z" and adapted the other twenty-six volumes of the series.
The distribution company Viz Media has released all 42 volumes in English in the United States. Viz released volumes seventeen through forty-two of the manga under the ""Dragon Ball Z"" name to reduce confusion for North American readers. Both "series" were published since March 1998 (with a re-release of the first ten volumes in 2003); the last volume of the second part was released on June 6, 2006. The first 134 chapters of ""Dragon Ball Z"" were also released across individual comic books, chapters 135-226 made their North American debuts in "Shonen Jump" magazine, while chapters 227-325 were released exclusively in the graphic novel format. In June 2008, Viz began re-releasing both "series" in a "wideban" format called "Viz Big Edition", which is a collection of three volumes in one. A "Collector's Edition" of volume one including a hardcover was released on November 4, 2008. In February 2013, Viz began serializing a fully colored version of the manga in their digital anthology "Weekly Shonen Jump", under the title "Dragon Ball (Full Color)".
__TOC__
Volume list.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20245314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245314" title="Zenon Bortkevich">
Zenon Bortkevich

Zenon Yanovich Bortkevich (, ; May 29, 1937 – August 19, 2010) was an Azerbaijani water polo player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
In 1964 he was a member of the Soviet team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played all six matches and scored two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20245317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245317" title="Zeynep Koltuk">
Zeynep Koltuk

Zeynep Koltuk is a Turkish TV actress and presenter.
Biography.
Koltuk was born in Istanbul in 1981 and studied International Relations in Bilkent University. She is currently studying Performing Arts at the same university. She started her career as presented in 2007 in the Turkish state channel TRT presenting the program "Bir Başka Ankara" ("A different Ankara"). She starred in two TV series: "Kod Adı Kaos" ("Code: Chaos") in Kanal D and "Bizim Evin Halleri" (which can roughly be translated as "State of things in our house") in atv. She is currently playing the role of a Greek woman called "Maria" in "Adanalı" (translated as "someone from Adana"), TV series that air on atv.
Koltuk is an accomplished ballerina and piano player, and she speaks English and German fluently.

</doc>
<doc id="20245437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245437" title="Clark Boyd">
Clark Boyd

Clark Boyd is an American radio journalist. He is the award winning technology correspondent for "The World", a daily global news program created by Public Radio International (PRI), and co-produced by PRI, the BBC World Service, and WGBH Boston. He has been with the program since 1996.
He has covered stories from around the globe focusing on technology in its many forms and its impact on people around the world. His reporting on a four-part series on global stem cell research helped The World win an Alfred I. duPont-Columbia University Award for Broadcast Journalism in 2006. He was also the original host and creator of PRI's The World Technology podcast, which launched in February 2005, and was the first radio program at a national level to podcast. Clark continues to host this podcast which is consistently one of the top PRI Podcasts in iTunes, See PRI's The World and Public Radio International.
On 2011-07-12 Clark announced a hiatus in pod-casting The World Technology program. The announcement did not include anticipation of resumption of program distribution, though Clark stated he would remain as a technology reporter with WGBH-The World.1. The podcast was brought back by popular demand a few weeks later, with the introduction of "B-sides," longer stories, often taken directly from the BBC, and replay in length. After moving from Belgium back to the United States in summer of 2012, however, the podcast did not continue.
Clark has also had stints on "Frontline World", WGBH Boston's global issues documentary series seen on PBS in which he covered numerous stories including a feature on Kiva.org and the impact of a silicon valley start up and technology on the Secret Files in Guatemala.
He holds a bachelor's degree in international relations from Georgetown University and a master's in theological studies from Harvard Divinity School. In 2006-07 Clark was a Knight Science Journalism Fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
References.
1. www.world-science.org/category/technology.podcast/ "So Long and Thanks for Listening"

</doc>
<doc id="20245456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245456" title="Derek Isles">
Derek Isles

Derek Isles (born 14 October 1943) is a former English cricketer: a wicket-keeper who played a single first-class match, for Worcestershire against the Pakistanis at Worcester in 1967.
In the game against the Pakistanis, his most notable achievement was his second-innings stumping of opener and captain Hanif Mohammad. He also took one catch, and made 17 and 4; both innings were not out meaning that he does not have a career batting average.
In the Minor Counties and Second XI Championships, Isles played for the seconds of no fewer than five counties between 1962 and 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20245488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245488" title="John Gurche">
John Gurche

John Gurche is an American artist known for his paintings, sculptures, and sketches of prehistoric life, especially dinosaurs and early humans. He has presented his studies on Skype at Topeka Collegiate Shool Science Day.
Gurche's works have been on display at the American Museum of Natural History, the Field Museum of Natural History, and the Smithsonian Institution. He has created illustrations for "National Geographic", and designed a set of four dinosaur-themed stamps that were released by the US Postal Service in 1989.
In 2000, he received the Lanzendorf PaleoArt Prize from the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology for his mural of Sue the "Tyrannosaurus", a piece which accompanies the dinosaur's skeleton at the Field Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20245491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245491" title="Charles Tyrrell Giles">
Charles Tyrrell Giles

Sir Charles Tyrrell Giles KC (2 February 1850-16 January 1940), was a British lawyer and Conservative politician who represented Wisbech.
Giles was the son of Alfred Giles MP for Southampton. He became Member of Parliament for Wisbech in the 1895 general election, but lost it in the 1900 General Election. He was appointed King's Counsel and knighted in 1922. He was chairman of the Wimbledon and Putney Commons Conservators from 1892 until his death. 
Giles married Isabella Mary Colman (19 Nov 1856-4 Mar 1949), the daughter of Jeremiah (1807–1885) in 1881. Sir Charles lived at Copse Hill House Wimbledon.

</doc>
<doc id="20245495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245495" title="Mile Post 398">
Mile Post 398

Mile Post 398 is a 2007 independent drama film written, directed and produced by Shonie and Andee De La Rosa, it is also the first featured film in cinema history that an all-Navajo team wrote, produced, directed, filmed and starred in.
Filmed almost entirely in Kayenta, Arizona, as well as in several other locations in the surrounding region, (Black Mesa, Chinle, Many Farms and Tsegi). It was an official selection of the American Indian Film Festival and Monument Valley Film Festival.
Plot.
Taking place on the Navajo Nation, Cloyd Begay (Beau Benally), has been a victim of alcohol abuse and domestic violence throughout his childhood in result having him resorting to alcohol to repress his memories. As he is willing to take responsible for his life and as husband and father, his drinking buddies Jimmy (Gerald Vandever) and Marty (James Junes) cultivate in having Cloyd continue their carefree lifestyle of drinking and partying, preventing him to change. All the while, his wife Lorraine (Kim White) and son Michael (KJ White) begin to lose hope in him and seriously consider leaving him. As the ensuing events unfold, it leads him making the choice that will change his life forever.

</doc>
<doc id="20245513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245513" title="1977–78 Pittsburgh Penguins season">
1977–78 Pittsburgh Penguins season

The 1977–78 Pittsburgh Penguins season was their eleventh in the National Hockey League. They finished fourth in the Norris Division, thus did not qualify for the Stanley Cup playoffs. This was their worst regular season since 1974, with only 68 points, and the first time since 1974 that the Penguins did not qualify for the playoffs.
Off-season.
In the off-season head coach Ken Schinkel was replaced by former Kings, Red Wings and Rockies head coach Johnny Wilson. Veterans Vic Hadfield and Ed Van Impe retired. Defensive forward Bob Kelly's contract ended and he took his services to Chicago, while Captain Ron Schock was traded to the Sabres (Jean Pronovost was named captain in his place).
Regular season.
In an attempt to replace Kelly general manager Baz Bastien acquired former Flyer enforcer Dave Schultz early in the season, but the price was high: Syl Apps, Jr., one of the team's all-time leading scorers. Schultz was traded the following season.
Frustrated with the performance of talented winger Pierre Larouche, Bastien dealt the 22 year-old to the Montreal Canadiens for veteran Pete Mahovlich and prospect Peter Lee on November 29, 1977. Larouche would go on to win two Stanley Cup championships with the Canadiens, while Mahovlich was traded to the Red Wings less than two years later. Lee would fail to live up to his promise, scoring an average of only 0.57 points per game over the course of six seasons with the Penguins.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; A= Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in Minutes"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Penguins. Stats reflect time with the Penguins only.
‡Traded mid-season
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP= Games played; TOI= Time on ice (minutes); W= Wins; L= Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals Against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Transactions.
The Penguins were involved in the following transactions during the 1977–78 season:

</doc>
<doc id="20245517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245517" title="Guilty as Charged (song)">
Guilty as Charged (song)

"Guilty as Charged" is the third single from Gym Class Heroes' fourth full-length album, "The Quilt".
It was released for digital download release on December 1, 2008 in the UK, it features UK R&B singer Estelle singing the chorus and a go-go beat for backing.
It was added to BBC Radio 1's C-List on November 12, 2008. The song failed to chart inside the UK singles chart but did chart at #9 on the official R&B chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20245558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245558" title="Eduard Egorov">
Eduard Egorov

Eduard Vasilevich Egorov (, born January 7, 1940) is a Russian water polo player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
In 1964 he was a member of the Soviet team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played two matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20245622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245622" title="Chances">
Chances

Chances may refer to:
In music:

</doc>
<doc id="20245640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245640" title="Igor Grabovsky">
Igor Grabovsky

Igor Vladimirovich Grabovsky (, born September 2, 1941) is a Russian water polo player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
In 1964 he was a member of the Soviet team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played all six matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20245660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245660" title="Chancers">
Chancers

Chancers could refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="20245713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245713" title="Live and Obscure">
Live and Obscure

Live and Obscure is a live album released by folk/country singer-songwriter Townes Van Zandt in 1987. It was recorded at 12th and Porter in Nashville, Tennessee on April 19, 1985.
Track listing.
All songs written by Townes Van Zandt

</doc>
<doc id="20245728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245728" title="USS Water Lily (1895)">
USS Water Lily (1895)

USS "Water Lily" was a motor launch that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1919.
"Water Lily" was constructed for the United States Lighthouse Service in 1895 at Morris Heights, New York. She was transferred to the U.S. Navy in April 1917 for World War I service along with the entire Lighthouse Service.
"Water Lily" operated in the 6th Naval District through the end of hostilities and for several months thereafter. She resumed her prewar duties on 1 July 1919 when the Navy returned control of the Lighthouse Service to the Department of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="20245730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245730" title="Oklahoma gubernatorial election, 2010">
Oklahoma gubernatorial election, 2010

The Oklahoma gubernatorial election of 2010 was held on November 2, 2010 to elect the Governor of Oklahoma. Due to term limits placed on him by the Oklahoma Constitution, incumbent Democratic Governor Brad Henry could not seek re-election. The race had been hotly contested by both political parties, with several well-known Oklahomans announcing their candidacy up to two years before the election. The non-partisan "Cook Political Report" and CQ Politics rate the gubernatorial election as "likely Republican" and "leaning Republican," respectively.
On November 2, 2010 Republican candidate Mary Fallin was elected, defeating Democratic candidate Jari Askins.
Overview.
Democratic Governor Brad Henry was easily re-elected in 2006 and maintains the highest approval rating of any state official in Oklahoma. In 2008, Republicans made gains in the state legislature and took control of both the House and the Senate for the first time in Oklahoma history.
As both parties nominated female candidates (Jari Askins for the Democrats and Mary Fallin for the Republicans; both of whom have also previously held the office of lieutenant governor), and as no third-party or write-in candidate qualified for the ballot, Oklahoma was guaranteed its first ever female governor.

</doc>
<doc id="20245747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245747" title="The Expendables">
The Expendables

The Expendables may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20245784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245784" title="Albert C. Pollard">
Albert C. Pollard

Albert C. Pollard, Jr. (born September 18, 1967) is an American politician. A Democrat, he was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates 2000–2006 and 2008–2012, representing the 99th district on the Northern Neck. Pollard retired after three terms to pursue a private business venture and spend time with his young family. He returned to his seat in a February 2008 special election held to replace Rob Wittman, who had been elected to the United States House of Representatives. He retired again after a fifth term.

</doc>
<doc id="20245826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245826" title="Nikolay Kalashnikov">
Nikolay Kalashnikov

Nikolay Fyodorovich Kalashnikov (, born October 11, 1940) is a Russian water polo player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
In 1964 he was a member of the Soviet team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played all six matches and scored two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20245845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245845" title="Mutio">
Mutio

Mutio may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20245898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245898" title="Nikolay Kuznetsov (water polo)">
Nikolay Kuznetsov (water polo)

Nikolay Alekseevich Kuznetsov (, , April 25, 1931 – August 30, 1995) was an Azerbaijani water polo player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
In 1964 he was a member of the Soviet team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played all six matches and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20245932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245932" title="Daniel Delaveau">
Daniel Delaveau

Daniel Delaveau (born 22 December 1952 in Châlette-sur-Loing, Loiret) is a French politician and incumbent Mayor of Rennes. He is a member of the Socialist Party. 
He was born in a working-class family, and was active in Catholic youth organizations before joining the Unified Socialist Party in the 1970s and the PS in 1974. In 1989, he was elected mayor of the Rennes suburb of Saint-Jacques-de-la-Lande and in 1994 he joined the department general council as councillor for Rennes-Sud-Ouest. In September 2007, he was designated by his party to lead the left-wing list (Socialist Party, PCF, PRG, UDB) in the March 2008 Rennes municipal election. In the 2008 local elections, he was elected Mayor of Rennes, succeeding PS incumbent Edmond Hervé, with 60.40% of the votes in the runoff. His refusal to authorise the Inter-IEP Critérim, seriously undermined his party's chances to win the 2014 municipal elections, as the whole student community felt alienated and misunderstood by the Town Hall - polls took a huge dip, in favor of the opposition list.

</doc>
<doc id="20245943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245943" title="Vladimir Kuznetsov (water polo)">
Vladimir Kuznetsov (water polo)

Vladimir Vladimirovich Kuznetsov (, born June 30, 1937) is a Russian water polo player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
In 1964 he was a member of the Soviet team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played all six matches and scored two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20245979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20245979" title="Ricardo da Force">
Ricardo da Force

Jervis Ricardo Alfonso Lyte (30 April 1967 – 8 March 2013), known professionally as Ricardo da Force, was an English male vocalist and rapper, most notable for contributing vocals to dance music tracks.
Lyte died on March 8, 2013 of a brain haemorrhage while in Barbados.

</doc>
<doc id="20246045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246045" title="Valda Hansen">
Valda Hansen

Valda Hansen (November 3, 1932 – July 21, 1993) was an American actress, known for her performances in a number of B-movies in the 1950s and -70s. 
Her most famous role was that of the White Ghost in Edward D. Wood's "Night of the Ghouls" (1959). She had previously played a stripper in "Strips Around the World" (1955). She returned to the screen in the 1970s and appeared in movies such as "Cain's Cutthroats" (1971), "Slaughter's Big Rip-Off" (1973) and "Wham Bam Thank You Spaceman" (1975, in which she was credited as Zelda). 
Hansen retired from acting in the late 1970s, and died in Hollywood in 1993, aged 60, from cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20246047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246047" title="Evolutionary Enlightenment">
Evolutionary Enlightenment

Evolutionary Enlightenment is a philosophy that mixes teachings about Enlightenment from Eastern traditions with a Western scientific understanding of evolution.
Evolutionary Enlightenment is inspired, on one hand, by the teachings of Ramana Maharshi and the Buddhist tradition. On the other hand, it also follows in the tradition of Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, Sri Aurobindo, Henri Bergson, Alfred North Whitehead, and the German Idealist philosophers. In contemporary culture, it is associated with the work of Andrew Cohen, founder of EnlightenNext, and Ken Wilber, a leading figure in the Integral movement. The ideas of Evolutionary Enlightenment have been discussed and elucidated over the past five years by Cohen and Wilber in the pages of "EnlightenNext" magazine, as well as in Wilber's recent book "Integral Spirituality". An evolutionary approach to Enlightenment or self-realization is also outlined in the work of Beatrice Bruteau, a Teilhardian scholar and theologian, and mentioned in the recent bestseller "A New Earth" by Eckhart Tolle. The cultural relevance of this approach to spirituality has been recognized by those studying broader cultural change, such as "Spiral Dynamics" author Don Beck, who has called it "a map or model for personal emergence, showing the qualities that individuals must embody to become the leaders we now need."
Core ideas.
Philosophy.
The philosophical idea of Evolutionary Enlightenment is discussed by Ken Wilber in his 2006 book "Integral Spirituality". He points out that enlightenment is often defined as being "one with everything," and raises the question, "if evolution occurs, how can enlightenment have any meaning? … if everything is evolving, and I get enlightened today, then won't my enlightenment be partial with the sun's dawn?" Wilber suggests redefining an evolutionary enlightenment to mean "the realization of oneness with all states and all stages that have evolved so far and that are in existence at any given time." 
Spiritual practice.
The idea of Evolutionary Enlightenment as a spiritual practice has been put forward by Andrew Cohen. He emphasizes the need for individuals to recognize that their own spiritual transformation is essential for cultural evolution. Building on this principle, he offers a set of tenets that can be practiced by individuals to transcend egoism and express a deeper creativity and spiritual energy that Cohen calls the Authentic Self. In this approach, the problem raised by Wilber is resolved through redefining Enlightenment as being "One with the timeless Ground of all Being and with the evolutionary impulse that is driving the entire cosmos." Through identifying the evolutionary impulse as their own Authentic Self, individuals can transcend ego and find a deeper self-sense without needing to live a life of asceticism or solitude, as was often required in traditional Enlightenment teachings. Evolutionary Enlightenment as a spiritual practice also emphasizes the need for human beings to learn how to come together in a way that brings out the highest creativity in each individual and simultaneously releases their potential for collective intelligence.
Integral theory.
Evolutionary Enlightenment shares important principles of, and is often associated with, Integral Theory, in that both combine spiritual and scientific insights to create a comprehensive understanding of humanity and the universe. These shared insights include a recognition that contemporary human beings are at the leading edge of a 13.8 billion year evolutionary process originating with the Big Bang, and that humanity's emerging awareness of this process has profound philosophical and spiritual implications.
Evolutionary Enlightenment and Integral Theory share an understanding that ultimate reality consists of a non-dual union of emptiness and form—with form being subject to development over time—and that the interior realm of consciousness and the exterior realm of matter evolve together. One outcome of this insight, which Integral thinkers have codified and mapped, is that there are hierarchical stages of development along a deep-time evolutionary continuum, and that the interdependence between interior and exterior development directly manifests itself in human consciousness and culture: from egocentric to ethnocentric to worldcentric to kosmocentric. Furthermore, each successive stage of development transcends and includes its predecessors, and exhibits a greater awareness, sense of belonging, and capacity for consciousness, cognition, and care.
While Evolutionary Enlightenment and Integral Theory share important epistemological roots in Evolutionary Spirituality [http://www.enlightennext.org/magazine/evolution-of-spirituality/?ifr=af], the two emerged independent of one another. Cohen pioneered Evolutionary Enlightenment in the mid-1980s and encountered Integral Theory in roughly 2000. Since then, EnlightenNext magazine has become a leading forum for discourse and inquiry into Integral Theory, including a running dialogue between Cohen and Wilber entitled "The Guru and the Pandit" series.
Discussing the limitations of the contemporary post-modern stage of human development in this series, Wilber describes the relationship between Integral Theory and Evolutionary Enlightenment as follows:
"″They (post-modern beliefs) inhibit an integral evolution. They did wonderfully up to their stage and they were very important in overcoming some of the problems with traditional values and scientific materialism. All of those were handled beautifully by the pluralistic post-modern stage. But now we're ready for the next stage, we're fighting for an integral awareness to blossom . . . and to blossom, of course, in the form of an evolutionary enlightenment.″" 
This description positions Integral Theory as an important philosophical framework (the map) for Evolutionary Enlightenment. It also suggests that contemporary culture cannot progress without evolving individual and collective consciousness (the terrain), which is the goal of Evolutionary Enlightenment.
Bibliography.
"Evolutionary Enlightenment" by Andrew Cohen
"Living Enlightenment" by Andrew Cohen
"Integral Spirituality" by Ken Wilber
"The Integral Vision" by Ken Wilber
"11 Days at the Edge" by Michael Wombacher
"The Life Divine" by Sri Aurobindo
"The Human Phenomenon" by Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"Creative Evolution" by Henri Bergson

</doc>
<doc id="20246082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246082" title="Pallirmiut">
Pallirmiut

Pallirmiut were a geographically defined Copper Inuit group in the Canadian Arctic territory of Nunavut. They were located by the mouth of the Rae River ("Pallirk") during the spring. Some stayed there during summers, while others joined the Kogluktogmiut at the Bloody Falls summer salmon fishery. Pallirmiut wintered on west central Coronation Gulf, and went inland when the snow was gone, carrying packs rather than using sleds.
Ethnology.
While some Copper Inuit did not eat seal and caribou at the same meal, Pallirmiut did, as did Akuliakattagmiut, Kangiryuarmiut, Kogluktogmiut, Nagyuktogmiut, Noahonirmiut, and Puiplirmiut. Pallirmiut traded with white men more so than other Copper Inuit for items such as guns.
Studies by anthropologist Diamond Jenness showed that the Akuliakattagmiut, Haneragmiut, Kogluktogmiut, Pallirmiut, Puiplirmiut, and Uallirgmiut intermarried and mixed through family shifting.

</doc>
<doc id="20246087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246087" title="Boris Popov">
Boris Popov

Boris Nikitich Popov (, born March 21, 1941) is a Russian water polo player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
In 1964 he was a member of the Soviet team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played all six matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20246091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246091" title="Joseph Hawley (Massachusetts)">
Joseph Hawley (Massachusetts)

Joseph Hawley (October 8, 1723 – March 10, 1788) was a political leader from Massachusetts during the era of the American Revolution.
Born in Northampton, Massachusetts, Hawley was a graduate of Yale, and served as a chaplain in a Massachusetts regiment during the 1745 Louisbourg expedition. He studied law under Phineas Lyman, and began practicing in 1749. He served in a variety of public offices, and was first elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1751.
During the Stamp Act crisis he emerged, with Samuel Adams and James Otis, Jr., as a leader of the popular (or Whig) party. He declined election to the First Continental Congress in 1774, but was an active leader of the Massachusetts Provincial Congress. He urged Massachusetts's delegates to the Second Continental Congress to issue the United States Declaration of Independence. He suffered a nervous breakdown in 1776 and never again served in the legislature, but he continued to write important political essays.

</doc>
<doc id="20246110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246110" title="Languages of Liberia">
Languages of Liberia

Liberia is a multilingual country where more than thirty languages are spoken by the local population. English is the "de facto" official language. None of the languages group forms a distinctive majority. These languages can be grouped in four language families: Manding, Kru, Mel, and the divergent language Gola.

</doc>
<doc id="20246114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246114" title="Marist Red Foxes">
Marist Red Foxes

The Red Foxes are the athletic teams of Marist College. The Marist Red Foxes compete in NCAA Division I athletics as a member of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference (MAAC) the only exception being football, a member of the Pioneer Football League (PFL).
The Red Foxes make up 23 varsity teams. Separate men's and women's teams are sponsored for basketball, tennis, crew, lacrosse, soccer, cross country, track, swimming and diving. Sponsored women's teams are softball, volleyball, and water polo. While sponsored men's teams are baseball and football. These varsity programs involve more than 550 Marist student-athletes. The crew programs are among the few in the nation that claim on-campus facilities.
The red fox or reynard is indigenous to the Hudson Valley where Marist is located and is regarded as highly intelligent and cunning. It is the red fox from which Marist's school colors of red and white are derived.
Marist teams regularly compete in Division I national championship tournaments.
Marist has been recognized by "Sports Illustrated" as having one of the top 200 college athletic programs in the U.S.
Achievements.
The Marist athletic department is the biggest and most successful in the MAAC. Marist has been awarded the MAAC conference's highest honor, the Commissioner's Cup, more than any school in history. The Commissioner's Cup is given annually to the most successful MAAC athletic department over the course of the year. 
For the 2012-2013 academic year Marist earned its 11th Commissioner's Cup by virtue of seven MAAC championship titles. In winter sports, Marist earned the title crown in women’s basketball as well as women’s swimming and diving. In spring sports, Marist won the league championships in men’s and women’s rowing, men’s and women’s tennis, and softball.
In 2013 for the 12th straight year Marist led the MAAC with 246 selections to the conference's Academic Honor Roll. Marist also had 47 student athletes selected to the PFL's Academic Honor Roll.
Marist captured its unprecedented 10th MAAC Commissioner's Cup in 2011, sharing the title with Iona College.
Rivalries.
Men's basketball – Siena College, Iona College
Women's basketball – Fairfield University, Iona College, Siena College, Ohio State University,
Men's rowing – United States Military Academy, Trinity College, Hartford, Hobart College, Ithaca College, University of Delaware,
Women's rowing - Loyola University Maryland
Football – University of San Diego, Georgetown University, Bucknell University
Baseball – Manhattan College, United States Military Academy, Siena College
Swimming – Rider University, Loyola University Maryland
Softball – Canisius College
Track – Manhattan College, Iona College
Men's Soccer - Fairfield University
Women's soccer – Siena College
Men's tennis – Fairfield University
Women's tennis – Fairfield University
Men's lacrosse - Siena College
Women's lacrosse - Siena College
Battle of I-87.
Siena College located in Albany, New York is Marist's fiercest rival, most notably in men's basketball. Siena has ended Marist's season in the MAAC tournament 5 times between 1999 and 2007. Many fans and sportswriters refer to this match-up as "The Battle of I-87" because of the two-hour proximity of each school on Interstate 87 (Coincidentally, the approximate distance between the two is 87.4 miles). Although this rivalry exists in all sports, it is most heated during the basketball season. During the 1983–1984 season a brawl between the two basketball teams, their fans and coaches at McCann put the series on hiatus for three years. The animosity goes back to when both schools competed at the Division II level, then the ECAC Metro Conference and continues today in the MAAC.
Fight Song.
"Marist, College, Let the bells ring."
"Honor, Glory, Your Praises We Sing."
"We're here with banners fly-ing!"
"Our shouts of victory cry-ing! Rah! – Rah! – Rah!"
"Alma, Mater, We love you dear."
"Conquering, Heroes, We're here to cheer."
"We have no fear for Marist College,"
"We'll fight on to victory."
"Marist, Foxes, We're on the run."
"Up hill, downhill, having much fun."
"We lure our every foe,"
"Into the Red Fox hole. Rah! – Rah! – Rah!"
"Scratch them, tear them, rip them a part."
"Offense, Defense – right from the start,"
"We have no fear for our Red Foxes,"
"They'll fight on to Victory."
Womens Basketball.
The Marist women's basketball team won 20 games for the first time during the 1981-1982 season going 21-10 under head coach Susan Deer. They would not reach the 20 win plateau again until the hiring of Brian Giorgis before the 2002-2003 season. In Brian's first season Marist would go 20-11, (13-5 MAAC). Since then, under Brian's guidance, Marist has dominated the MAAC with 9 championships and has become a powerhouse on the national stage.
The first conference crown came in 2004 followed by another one in 2006. Although Marist would lose both times in the first round of the NCAA Tournament (2004 to Oklahoma and 2006 to Georgia) these games were just building blocks for greater successes.
In March 2007, after a going 27-5 and making the NCAA tournament for the third time in school history, Marist's women's basketball team surprised a nation of NCAA fans under the leadership of co-captains Alisa Kresge and Nikki Flores, carried by Rachele Fitz. They became the third 13th seed to make it to the Sweet 16 since the women's tournament expanded to 64 teams. They defeated 4th-seeded Ohio State and 5th-seeded Middle Tennessee to make it to the Sweet 16.
In March 2008, the women's basketball team was seeded 7th in the New Orleans Regional of the NCAA Basketball Tournament where they defeated the 10th seeded Depaul Blue Demons 76–57. They were then defeated by the 2nd seeded LSU Lady Tigers 68–49 on March 24, 2008, ending Marist's 22-game winning streak.
The 2009 and 2010 Women's NCAA Basketball Tournaments saw Marist lose in the first rounds to Virginia and Georgetown respectively.
In the 2011 NCAA tournament the women's basketball team defeated Iowa State in the first round and were thoroughly defeating Duke at Cameron Indoor Stadium in the 2nd round until Marist's best player Erica Allenspach was injured. Duke took the lead late in the 2nd half and prevailed 71-66.
During the 2011-2012 season the Marist women's basketball team won their seventh straight MAAC championship by crushing Fairfield in the MAAC Final 61-35. They would go on to the NCAA Tournament as a 13 seed and beat 4th seed Georgia 76-70. Marist would then lose a tough game in the second round 66-63 to the 5th seed St. Bonaventure ending another successful season for a team that was viewed as Marist's most vulnerable in years.
The 2012-2013 season was the third time in the last six years that Marist would go undefeated in MAAC regular season play (18-0). Marist cruised through the MAAC tournament and defeated Iona 72-48 in the championship game. This was Marist's 9th MAAC title tying St. Peters for the most championships in MAAC history.
Shortly after winning the 2013 MAAC crown Brian Giorgis was named an assistant coach for the USA Women's World University Games Team during the 2013 games to be held in Kazan Russia.
In the first round of the 2013 NCAA Tournament Marist struggled offensively and lost a tough first round game to Michigan State 55-47.
Crew.
Marist has a large and active rowing program. Marist currently hosts both men's and women's heavyweight and lightweight teams all of which compete as part of the MAAC. The teams row out of the Marist Boathouse on campus and use Longview Park to host races. While the women's teams have won 10 conference titles and only finished lower than second once, the men's team in particular dominates the MAAC and has won the rowing title every year since joining the league, except in 2000 when they finished second to Loyola.
Each spring Marist competes against the United States Military Academy for the President's Cup Trophy. The two teams switch off hosting the event each year. West Point's proximity (30 miles south, on the opposite shore of the Hudson) and its competitive rowers (despite its club team status) has led to an intense rivalry developing over the years. The President's Cup Regatta, named in honor of former Marist College President Linus Richard Foy has been an annual event for over four decades.
Marist routinely participates in the annual ECAC championships, the NYSCCA (New York State) rowing championships and the IRA national championships.
During the summer of 2002 the Marist men's varsity eight boat advanced to the semifinals of the Temple Challenge Cup at the Henley Royal Regatta.
In 2013 the women's program qualified for the inaugural NCAA Rowing Championships in Indianapolis.
Football.
Football started at Marist as a club sport in 1965 and became a varsity sport in 1978 as a Division III independent. In 1993 football moved up to Division I-AA and in 1994 became the first Marist athletic team to become a member of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference. Marist plays its home games in Tenney Stadium on the main campus in Poughkeepsie, NY.
In February 2008, Marist joined the Pioneer Football League as its tenth member effective for the 2009 season, ending the MAAC Football League.
Lacrosse.
The men's lacrosse team has been to one NCAA Tournament after winning the MAAC lacrosse title in 2005. They would go on to play eventual national champion Johns Hopkins in the first round. Marist was soundly defeated 22-6.
The women's team has been to two NCAA Tournaments. Losing both times in the first round to Colgate (2008) and Maryland (2010).
Soccer.
The men's soccer program has qualified for three NCAA tournaments (2000, 2004 & 2005) and the women's program once (2011).
The 2004 men's team lost a tough first round game in overtime 2-1 to the University of Connecticut.
In 2005, the men's team suffered another tough first round loss to St. John's University, 3-1.
Tennis.
The Marist men's team is arguably the most successful program in the conference having advanced to play in 9 Division I NCAA Men's Tennis Championships. If not winning the conference they have been in the hunt almost every year.
The women's team also has been moderately successful having advanced to 4 Division I NCAA Women's Tennis Championships.
Swimming and Diving.
The Marist men's and women's programs are the most successful programs in MAAC history.
The men have won 12 MAAC titles (1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008).
The women have won 15 MAAC titles (1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2002, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014).
In addition the men have won two Metropolitan team championships (1990, 1995) and the women two (1994, 1995). The women have also won two ECAC championships (1994, 1995). Marist has had 3 ECAC athletes of the year, Brian Bolstad in 2010, Devin O'Nalty in 2008 and Jamie Falco in 2007.
Water Polo.
The Marist athletic department added women's water polo in 2000. They started competing in the MAAC after the league began sponsoring the sport In 2003. Since then the team has been nationally ranked on several occasions and has won 4 MAAC titles (2006, 2008, 2009 & 2010) each of which earned them an automatic berth to the NCAA Women's Water Polo Championship Tournament.
Softball.
Marist has won two MAAC championships which advanced them to the NCAA Division I Softball Championship (2006 & 2013).
Facilities.
James J. McCann Recreation Center.
The James J. McCann Recreation Center consists of three major areas and dozens of minor ones. The three major areas are the McCann Field House, the Natatorium, and the Strength and Conditioning Center.
McCann Arena is a 3,200-seat multi-purpose arena home to the men's and women's basketball and women's volleyball teams. It also hosts special events such as concerts for the student population.
The natatorium is a facility, ranging in depth from to . It provides six lanes and an independent diving well. The well contains two 1-meter and one 3-meter diving board.
The Strength and Conditioning Center is two floors. The lower floor consists of weight training equipment, the upper floor consists of cardiovascular training equipment. All told, the facility can easily accommodate 100 students simultaneously.
Minor areas include two racquetball courts, a dance studio, five locker rooms, a classroom, the Pepsi Hall of Fame multi-media meeting room, the Dr. Maynard Center for Sports Medicine, the Academic Enhancement Center, the Coach's Complex, an Mondo-surfaced auxiliary gymnasium, used heavily by intramurals and club sports, and a student lounge.
Tennis pavilion.
In 2006, a tennis pavilion opened to support the men's and women's tennis programs. It features eight lighted, regulation-sized courts, a center walkway, and a pergola-covered spectator area. Along with Marist the United States Military Academy and the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in Queens, New York, host site of the U.S. Open, are the only tennis venues in the area that can boast a Deco II playing surface. Designed by Skidmore, Owings and Merrill the pavilion is located on the east campus.
The pavilion replaced the old tennis courts that were removed in 1994 to make room for the construction of the Student Center.
Boathouse Row and Longview Park.
The athletic facilities with the greatest amount of history in the Marist College Athletic Department are the boathouses located on campus, which sit on the banks of the Hudson River. It is rare in collegiate rowing to have on-campus rowing facilities. 
Two houses exist: the original Cornell University boathouse once occupied by Cornell's crew teams during their annual training and racing at the Poughkeepsie Regatta, which was held in Poughkeepsie from the late 19th century until 1949, and the newer adjacent Marist boathouse, which stands on the former site of the University of California and University of Washington boathouses. The Marist boathouse features a boat bay, which contains a fleet of 16 top-of-the-line Vespoli shells. Additionally, on the second floor are 30 Concept II ergs, free weights, a video viewing lounge and a coaching office. The Cornell boathouse was remodeled in 2008, and currently is used by the school President for administrative functions, as well as housing a few racing shells for the women's team.
The 12 acre Longview Park is home of the champion Marist men's and women's rowing teams. It is where Marist hosts intercollegiate and interscholastic rowing regattas. It has a bike/walk path along the Hudson River's east shore, a fishing pier, the boathouses, and a gazebo with scenic vistas on a promontory in the center of the park.
Gartland Athletic Field & Softball Field.
Also known as North Field, the Gartland Athletic Field now serves as a core practice facility for Marist intercollegiate sports, including soccer, lacrosse, and rugby. It is also a playing field for club sports and general recreation. At almost in size, the field is large enough to accommodate three team practices simultaneously. The turf is composed of a Kentucky bluegrass, rye and fescue mix situated on a sand and organic material base. An irrigation system provides 85 sprinkler heads to help maintain this practice location.
The intercollegiate Softball field, equipped with a state-of-the-art electronic score board and newly renovated dugouts, resides in the far corner of North field. A practice softball field at the opposite end of the field is used during tournament play, intramural games, and sole club sports.

</doc>
<doc id="20246115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246115" title="The Expendables (New Zealand band)">
The Expendables (New Zealand band)

The Expendables were a 1980s band based in Christchurch, New Zealand. Based around singer-songwriter/guitarist Jay Clarkson, the band grew out of her former bands, They Were Expendable and The Playthings, and released a single and album in 1984 on the Flying Nun label.
Clarkson was joined in The Expendables by Michael Kime (bass) and Robert Key (drums). Key was replaced by Chris Matthews in 1985, and Anthony Nevison was added as an extra guitarist, though the band did not survive beyond the end of that year. In 1986, Clarkson formed a new band, The Breathing Cage, a band which also included Kime, as well as Graeme Jefferies, Maria Chiaroni, and Gary Sullivan.

</doc>
<doc id="20246201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246201" title="Republican Party presidential primaries, 2012">
Republican Party presidential primaries, 2012

The 2012 Republican presidential primaries were the selection processes in which voters of the Republican Party elected state delegations to the Republican National Convention. The national convention then selected their nominee to run for President of the United States in the 2012 presidential election. There were 2,286 delegates chosen, and a candidate needed to accumulate 1,144 delegate votes at the convention to win the nomination. The caucuses allocated delegates to the respective state delegations to the national convention, but the actual election of the delegates were many times at a later date. Delegates were elected in different ways that vary from state to state. They could be elected at local conventions, selected from slates submitted by the candidates, selected at committee meetings, or elected directly at the caucuses and primaries.
The primary contest began in 2011 with a fairly wide field. Mitt Romney, former Governor of Massachusetts, had been preparing to run for president ever since the 2008 election, and was from early on the favorite to win the nomination. However, he lacked support from the party's conservative wing and the media narrative became: "Who will be the anti-Romney candidate?" Several candidates rose in the polls throughout the year. However, the field was down to four candidates by February 2012: Former House speaker Newt Gingrich, U.S. Congressman Ron Paul, former Governor Romney and former U.S. Senator Rick Santorum. It was the first presidential primary to be affected by a Supreme Court ruling that allowed unlimited independent expenditures to support or oppose candidates through super PACs.
Three different candidates won the first three contests. Santorum, who had been running a one-state campaign in Iowa, narrowly won in that state's caucuses by a handful of votes over Romney (who was thought to have won the caucuses before a recount). Romney went on to win New Hampshire, but lost South Carolina to Gingrich. From there, Santorum took his campaign national and carried three more states before Super Tuesday, while Romney carried seven.
Super Tuesday primaries took place on March 6. With ten states voting and 391 delegates being allocated, it had less than half the potential impact of its 2008 predecessor. Romney carried six states and Santorum three, while Gingrich won his home state of Georgia. Twelve more events were held in March, including all of the territorial contests and the first local conventions that allocated delegates (Wyoming's county conventions). Santorum won Kansas and three Southern primaries, but was unable to make any significant gains on Romney, who maintained a solid lead over all other contenders after securing more than half of the delegates allocated in the month of March.
Santorum suspended his campaign on April 10, a week after losing Wisconsin and two other primaries to Romney. Gingrich followed suit on May 2, after the RNC had declared Romney the presumptive nominee on April 25 and put its resources behind him. On May 14, Paul announced that he would skip funding the remaining primary contests and devote his resources to winning delegates at state conventions, and subsequently won majorities in delegations of three states whose non-binding primaries were initially in favor of other candidates. On May 29, Romney reached the nominating threshold of 1,144 delegates by most projected counts following his primary win in Texas and was congratulated by RNC Chairman Reince Priebus for "securing the delegates needed to be our party's official nominee at our convention in Tampa." With his subsequent victories in California and several smaller states, Romney surpassed a majority of bound delegates on June 5.
Timeline of the race.
The primary contests took place from January 3 to July 14 and elected and allocated 2,286 voting delegates to the 2012 Republican National Convention in the week of August 27. To become the Republican Party's nominee for the 2012 presidential election a candidate needed a majority of 1,144 delegates to vote for him and plurality in five state delegations. The 2012 race was significantly different from earlier races. Many states switched from their old winner-take-all allocation to proportional allocation. Many remaining winner-take-all states allocated delegates to both the winner of each congressional district and the winner of the state. The change was made to prolong the race, giving lesser known candidates a chance and making it harder for a frontrunner to secure the majority early. It was also hoped that this change in the election system would energize the base of the party.
Most of the candidates started their campaigns in the summer of 2011, but after the first two primaries in Iowa and New Hampshire, only four well-funded campaigns (Romney, Gingrich, Santorum, and Paul) remained for the Republican Party nomination; Gary Johnson had withdrawn to run on the Libertarian ticket, and Buddy Roemer sought the American Elect nomination. At the beginning of May, Gingrich and Santorum suspended their campaigns; Romney was widely reported as the presumptive nominee, with Paul the only other major candidate running an active campaign.
The beginning (2011).
The 2008 Republican National Convention decided that the 2012 primary schedule generally would be subject to the same rules as the 2008 delegate selection contests, but on August 6, 2010, the Republican National Committee (RNC) adopted new rules for the timing of elections, with 103 votes in favor out of 144. Under this plan, allocation of delegates to the national convention were to be divided into three periods:
Several states, most notably Florida, scheduled their allocating contests earlier than prescribed, and in response every traditional early state except Nevada pushed their contests back into January. As a result of their violation of RNC rules, these states were penalized with a loss of half their delegates, including voting right for RNC delegates. Despite having early caucuses, Iowa, Maine, Colorado, Minnesota and Missouri were not penalized because their contests did not allocate national delegates.
The start of the 2012 Republican race for president was shaped by the 13 presidential debates of 2011, which began on May 5. Gary Johnson and Buddy Roemer, both former Governors, were left out of most of the debates, leading to complaints of bias. On December 28, 2011, Johnson withdrew to seek the Libertarian Party nomination and on February 23, 2012, Roemer withdrew to seek the Reform Party and the Americans Elect nomination.
Two candidates from the 2008 presidential primaries, Mitt Romney and Ron Paul, ran again in the 2012 primary campaign. Mitt Romney was the early frontrunner, and he maintained a careful, strategic campaign that centered on being an establishment candidate. In the summer of 2011, Romney had a lead in polls and the support of much of the Republican leadership and electorate. However, his lead over the Republican field was precarious, and the entry of new candidates drew considerable media attention. Minnesota Congresswoman Michele Bachmann started her campaign in June and surged in the polls after winning the Ames, Iowa, straw poll in August, knocking out former Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty and then-Congressman of Michigan Thaddeus McCotter, who both withdrew after their poor showings in the non-binding Straw Poll failed to revive their struggling campaigns. Bachmann's momentum was short-lived. The same day that the Ames Straw Poll was being held, Texas Governor Rick Perry was drafted by strong national Republican support. He performed strongly in polls, immediately becoming a serious contender, and soon displaced Bachmann as Romney's major opponent. Perry in turn lost the momentum following poor performances in the September debates, and the third major opponent to Romney's lead, Herman Cain, surged after the sixth debate on September 22. In November, Cain's viability as a candidate was seriously jeopardized after several allegations of sexual harassment surfaced in the media. Although Cain denied the allegations, the fallout from the controversy forced him to suspend his campaign on December 3, 2011.
In November, as Herman Cain's campaign was stumbling, former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich rose in the polls and asserted himself as the fourth major opponent to Romney. Gingrich had come back from serious staff problems in his campaign just weeks after he had entered the race in May that had seemingly derailed his campaign for the nomination. But in the weeks before the Iowa caucus, Gingrich's new-found lead began to quickly evaporate as super PACs sympathetic to Mitt Romney and others spent over $4.4 million in negative advertising targeting the former Speaker. On the eve of the Iowa Caucus, the first real contest of the primary season, there was no clear frontrunner threatening Romney's lead.
Early states (January to March).
In 2012 there were 13 state contests before Super Tuesday, seven caucuses and 5 primaries. Missouri had a nonbinding straw poll in the form of a primary. Santorum spent months in Iowa, traveling to all 99 counties and holding some 381 town hall meetings. This one state campaign succeeded when he tied with Romney in the Iowa Caucuses on January 3. This first in the nation caucus propelled him into a national campaign while it ended Michele Bachmann's campaign. On the night of the caucuses, Romney was reported the winner of Iowa by only eight votes over Santorum, but after the results were certified, Santorum was declared the winner, beating Romney by 34 votes, despite the results from 8 districts being lost. Newt Gingrich said after Iowa that his positive campaign had been a weakness, and had allowed his rivals to gain the upper hand through negative attacks paid by super PACs supporting them.
Mitt Romney easily won the next contest, New Hampshire, his win seen as a given. Romney had persistently shown popularity in that state, but rivals were intensely fighting for a second-place finish there. Jon Huntsman, Jr., a moderate, had staked his candidacy on New Hampshire and invested heavily in at least a strong second place showing, but after 150 campaign events in the state he ended third after Paul. Both he and Rick Perry dropped out of the race shortly before voting day in South Carolina and the two delegates allocated to Huntsman became unbound.
Romney was expected to virtually clinch the nomination with a win in South Carolina, but Gingrich, from neighboring Georgia, waged an aggressive and successful campaign winning all but one of the state's congressional districts. The Gingrich victory in South Carolina, together with two strong debate performances, gave him a second surge, opening the race to a longer and more unpredictable campaign.
Romney did regain some of his momentum in the next two weeks and won the Florida primary and the Nevada caucuses. However, the race shifted again on February 7, when Santorum swept all three Midwestern states voting that day. By doing so he made a case for himself as the 'Not-Romney' candidate and disrupted Romney's narrative as the unstoppable frontrunner.
Following his victories on February 7, Santorum received a huge boost in momentum as conservatives seeking an alternative to Romney began leaving Gingrich for Santorum. Numerous polls taken after Santorum's victories showed him either leading Romney nationally or close behind. To regain momentum Romney shelved his "no straw polls" policy and actively campaigned to win the CPAC straw poll, which he won with 38% to Santorum's 31%. He also campaigned in Maine, beating Ron Paul by only three percentage points.
Regaining momentum Romney won the remaining four states. The candidates campaigned heavily in Michigan, and even though Romney won the state vote, he won only 7 out of 14 congressional districts, the rest going to Santorum. The allocation of two at-large delegates in the state was before the election was reported to be given proportionally. After the election Michigan GOP officials announced there had been an error in the memo published and that the two delegates would be given to the winner, sparking accusations of Romney rigging the results from Santorum's team. After thirteen contests the GOP field for the presidential nomination was still wide open.
† The state did not allocate any delegates at its primary election, they were elected later.
Super Tuesday (March 6).
Super Tuesday 2012 was the name for March 6, the day on which the largest simultaneous number of state presidential primary elections was held in the United States. This election cycle's edition of Super Tuesday, where 17.1% of all delegates was allocated, was considerably smaller than the 2008 edition, where 41.5% of all delegates was allocated (twenty-one states with 901 delegates). In 2012 delegates were allocated in primaries in seven states and their sixty five congressional districts together with binding caucuses in two states.
North Dakota did not allocate any delegates at their caucuses, but had a consultative straw poll that the NDGOP leadership was required to use as a basic for making a party recommended slate of delegates. The persons on this slate was elected delegates at the April 1 state convention. According to Santorum and Paul supporters the slate was not as required based on the straw poll, but gave Romney a large majority of the delegates. The elected delegates have stated that they will divide up in such a way they reflect the caucus result, even if that means to vote for a candidate other than the one they support.
Romney secured more than half of the delegates available on Super Tuesday but did not secure his status as the inevitable nominee. Gingrich pursued a "southern strategy", winning his home state of Georgia, and even though Santorum carried 3 states, he did not win them with a large enough margin to secure his status as the Not-Romney candidate. In the weeks leading up to March 6, both Gingrich and Santorum experienced ballot problems, failing to appear on the Virginia primary ballot, leaving that race to Romney and Paul. With only two candidates on the ballot, Paul got 40% of the votes and carried one of Virginia's eleven congressional districts.
Santorum had also failed to submit full or any delegate slates in nine of Ohio's congressional districts making him unable to win all delegates in those districts. The state became the big battleground of Super Tuesday and its delegates were split between Romney and Santorum, who won three congressional districts where he didn't have a full slate. This created four unallocated delegates, whose status was to be determined later. But Santorum suspended his campaign before the meeting in the Ohio GOP central committee deciding on the delegates took place and Romney dropped the dispute on May 4 in the interest of party unity.
Mid-March.
After Super Tuesday all five territories had their contests. Puerto Rico held a primary and the four smaller insular areas (Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa and U.S. Virgin Islands) had convention style caucuses where no straw polls were taken, therefore our table does not show popular vote percentages in these rows but the number of delegates committed to each candidate. Romney secured all but two delegates from the territories. Of the six selected delegates from the Virgin Islands, one was elected as uncommitted, and another bound to Paul. On the Virgin Islands every caucus goer had six votes that he or her could cast for six different delegates. Every person wanting to be a delegate needed to pledge to an candidate or declare to be 'uncommitted' before the voting started. The six persons with the most votes became National Convention delegates. Only four persons ran as delegates pledge to Romney and they all got elected. The persons that ran as delegates pledge to Paul got a plurality of the votes, but only one of them was elected.
Missouri began its process of selecting national delegates with its caucuses from March 17 to April 10. The February primary was non-binding and as such nothing more than a non-bindng strawpoll. Santorum won The Louisiana delegation securing 10 delegates for himself, but the election process for the major part of the delegates started at the caucuses on April 28.
As the first state with non-binding caucuses Wyoming elected delegates in the week of March 5. At the county conventions one delegate was elected as uncommitted, while eight delegates was committed to Romnney, two to Santorum and one to Paul.
By winning three primaries in the South, Santorum disrupted Gingrich's "Southern Strategy" and took the lead as the 'Not-Romney' candidate. Gingrich won one congressional district and secured only 25 delegates in March. Three days after the Louisiana primary he announced a new "National Convention strategy", which includes laying off one-third of the campaign staff and spending less time on the road campaigning. He was at this point running out of money, having more campaign debt than cash on hand.
Romney maintained a solid lead over all other contenders by securing more than half of the delegates allocated or elected in the month of March. He carried all five territories and two states. And even though he did not secure the nomination in March he continued to be the clear and strong front-runner.
Santorum cruised to victory in Louisiana on March 24, reinforcing the narrative of the race thus far that the underdog Santorum could take the fight to the much more deep-pocketed and organized Romney.
† The state did not allocated all its delegates at its primary election, some will be elected later.
April.
In the last days of March, Romney received many endorsements as party leaders and establishment Republicans started to unite behind him. Most notable were the endorsement of former president George H. W. Bush and the endorsement of Paul Ryan, U.S. representative from Wisconsin and Chairman of the House Committee on the Budget.
Ryan, and U.S. Senator from Wisconsin Ron Johnson, campaigned with Romney before the April 3 primaries. The Super PACs supporting Romney also helped him to win the state using more than 3 million USD, almost four times more than spend by the Super PAC supporting Santorum in Wisconsin. Santorum only won three districts in Wisconsin with Romney winning the other five and all eight districts in Maryland along with the federal District of Columbia where Santorum was not even on the ballot.
With momentum building for Romney, Santorum interrupted campaigning (as did Romney) for the Easter holiday to give his campaign staff a chance to be with their families. He used the opportunity to meet with "movement conservatives" to strategize. Former Family Research Council chief Gary Bauer, who was present at the sit-down with Santorum, called it a strategy meeting. Four days later, on April 10, 2012, Rick Santorum suspended his campaign without endorsing any other candidate. He was at this point running out of money, having more campaign debt than cash on hand. Santorum won eleven contests (six states that allocated delegates and five non-binding caucus states) and forty-two delegate allocating congressional districts. More than 3.2 million people voted for him and he secured a total of 202 delegates before suspending his campaign. He can show a plurality in six states and that secures him the opportunity of a place on the first ballot nominating the Republican candidate for president at the National Convention.
With Santorum suspending his campaign, Gingrich saw a new hope of reasserting himself as the conservative alternative to Romney. His campaign had been scaling down since his March 24 defeat in the Louisiana primary and was $4.3 million in debt by the end of March. But now it began concentrating on the Delaware primary hoping a win there would be a game changer. The Adelson family that had already supported Gingrich heavily through the "Winning Our Future" super PAC gave another $5 million in late march bringing the PAC's cash on hand up to $5.8 million. But even with all the resources of the Gingrich campaign concentrated in Delaware he still lost the state with 29.4% to Romney. On May 2 he officially suspended his campaign. Gingrich won two contest (South Carolina and Georgia) nineteen delegate allocating congressional districts. More than 2.4 million people voted for him and he secured a total of 131 delegates before suspending his campaign. He could only show plurality in two states and was therefore not going to appear on the first ballot nominating the Republican candidate for president at the National Convention.
Four states that didn't allocate delegates at their earlier caucses had conventions in April. At the Wyoming state convention (Apr. 12-14), just after Santorum had suspended his campaign, the state delegates united behind Romney and all 14 at-large delegates pledged to him. The same did not happen the same weekend at Colorado's state and district conventions. Santorum and Paul supporters came together to form the "Conservative Unity Slate" in an attempt to stop all the National Convention delegates from Colorado from supporting Romney. However, Romney won a narrow plurality in the state delegation despite this opposing slate. Missouri had its district conventions a week after (Apr. 21). Santorum had carried every county at the nonbinding primary in February and many of his supporters threw their support to Romney who got half of the delegates. Paul won one out of the eight district conventions. Minnesota's district conventions were spread out over most of April and they were all but one won by Paul who secured a plurality in the state delegation even before the state convention in May.
Romney won all eight primaries of the month and on April 25 the RNC declared Romney the presumptive nominee, putting resources behind him.
May.
On May 2, 2012, Newt Gingrich "mothballed" his campaign saying that a second term of president Obama would be disastrous. Gingrich mentioned Republican front-runner Mitt Romney during his press speech, but did not endorse him. He intended to officially endorse Mr. Romney at a "to-be-scheduled event" featuring both Republican leaders. "Today I am suspending the campaign, but suspending the campaign does not mean suspending citizenship," Gingrich said, with his wife Callista at his side.
On May 7, 2012, after Romney visited him, Santorum urged his supporters to back Romney's campaign and said, "You can be sure that I will work with the governor to help him in this task to ensure he has a strong team that will support him in his conservative policy initiatives." "We both agree that President Obama must be defeated," Santorum, 53, said in a e-mailed statement last night, " clearly understands that having pro-family initiatives are not only the morally and economically right thing to do, but that the family is the basic building block of our society."
On May 14, Paul announced that he would halt campaigning in states that had not yet at that point held their primaries, citing a lack of money needed to do so. Instead, the Paul campaign sought more delegates in state conventions in states that already held primaries.
Continuing on May 15, Romney won the primaries in Oregon and Nebraska with Paul second in Oregon and Santorum second in Nebraska. On May 22, Romney swept Kentucky and Arkansas primaries. He claimed to have exceeded the nominating threshold in Texas, May 29. In fourth, Ron Paul worked behind the scenes to secure delegates in local caucuses following state primary elections. He later surpassed Gingrich, but not Santorum, behind front-runner Romney.
June.
On June 5, California, New Jersey, South Dakota, and New Mexico added 264 delegates to the Romney count, bringing his total to 1,480 pledged delegates, exceeding the requisite 1,144 delegates for nomination at the Republican National Convention. Despite this, the following week 123 mostly Paul-aligned delegates, currently legally bound to support Romney at the convention, brought an ongoing federal lawsuit against the RNC and its chairman to instead be able to vote "in accordance with the free exercise of their conscience." Paul adviser Jesse Benton commented, "We have nothing to do with it and do not support it."
Also in June, the three remaining states voting in primaries, Utah, Nebraska, and Montana, added the final 101 delegates to attend the Republican National Convention.
July.
On Saturday, July 14, the Nebraska State Republican Convention selected 32 at-large delegates to the Republican National Convention. In addition, three party leaders attend: Nebraska’s National Committeeman, Nebraska’s National Committeewoman, and chairman of the Nebraska Republican Party, who are unpledged delegates by virtue of their position. The prospective delegates indicated their presidential preference (and were bound to vote for that candidate for the first two ballots at the Republican National Convention). This was the last state Republican convention and Romney garnered support of 30 Nebraska delegates; and Ron Paul, the support of two Nebraska delegates.
All 2,286 delegates were to be finalized before the vote at the Republican National Convention in Tampa, Florida, August 27–31.
August.
On August 11, 2012, Romney announced the selection of Representative Paul Ryan of Wisconsin as his vice-presidential running mate. In front of the battleship USS Wisconsin in Virginia, Governor of Virginia Bob McDonnell introduced Romney to make his announcement to a cheering and supportive crowd. The announcement came two weeks before the Republican National Convention and led immediately into a bus tour to battleground states.
Ron Paul led a rally in Tampa Bay, Florida, on Sunday, the day before the Republican National Convention was to begin. "No matter the outcome of the national convention, Constitutional Conservatism will benefit the nation", a Paul spokesperson said.
Leading into the national convention, preliminary delegate counts {soft, firm} were: Romney{1,545, 1,399}; Paul{173,100}; Santorum{248,251}; Gingrich{142,143}; Others{1,3}; Available{147,63}; and Uncommitted{30,327}. These totals changed as delegates switched their support to Romney or Paul at the convention. A simple majority of 1,144 delegate votes were needed to win nomination.
Within the first hours of convention, each state declared their delegation vote to the nation—Romney won the nomination with 2,061 delegate votes. Other candidates, including Bachmann, Santorum, and mainly Ron Paul, garnered 202 votes, with 23 delegates abstaining. The Romney-Ryan ticket was formalized.
The final official votes for the Republican nominees for president and vice president took place at the Republican National Convention in Tampa Bay, Florida—the three-day convention from Tuesday, August 28, to Thursday, August 30. The 2012 Democratic National Convention followed in the first week of September in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Schedule and process.
The primary elections take place from January 3 to July 14 and will allocate and elect 2,286 voting delegates and 2,125 alternate delegates in 56 delegations to the 2012 Republican National Convention in the week of August 27.
The total base number of delegates allocated to each of the 50 U.S. states is 10 at-large delegates, plus 3 delegates per congressional district. In addition, fixed numbers of at-large delegates are allocated to Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Northern Mariana Islands under the party's delegate selection rules. States are awarded bonus delegates based on the following factors:
The two Republican National Committee members from each state and territory and the chairperson of the state's Republican Party are delegates unless the state is penalized for violating the RNC's scheduling rules. The individual states decide whether these delegates are bound or unbound.
A candidate must have a plurality in five state delegations in order to be on the first ballot at national convention. For the purposes of these primaries, the five territories and D.C. are counted as states (Rule 27). This five-state rule is Rule No. 40 of the rules of the Republican Party as adopted by the 2008 Republican National Convention and amended by the Republican National Committee on August 6, 2010. It is the rule outlining the way the convention will nominate the Republican candidate for president.
The primary election table below shows how and when the National Convention delegates are allocated and elected. This means it do not include straw polls, primary or other kinds. And it do not include the dates for different local conventions where delegates are already allocated are elected.
This is a sortable table — links provide quick paths to more information on the different state primaries:
Primary schedule.
Delegate counts during the primaries. This is not the convention roll call and does not included the 117 unbound RNC delegates.
Notes 
Delegate changes announced at the national convention.
Some of the state delegations made and announced their final decisions on Tuesday, the first full day of the Republican National Convention.
Santorum and Gingrich released their delegates and encouraged them to vote for Romney, but Paul did not; his campaign instead tried to secure more delegate votes during the convention, and carried a dispute over Louisiana's delegates into the convention. Ron Paul later compromised to get 17 of Louisiana's delegates. Montana withheld announcing their support—Paul had hoped Montana would swing to him on the convention floor. However, just before the convention, the 26 Montana delegates united behind Romney.

</doc>
<doc id="20246211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246211" title="Chambers (surname)">
Chambers (surname)

Chambers is a common surname of English origin. It usually denoted either a servant who worked in his master's private chambers, or a "camararius", a person in charge of an exchequer room. At the time of the British census of 1881 [http://www.britishsurnames.co.uk/surnames/CHAMBERS/1881census], the relative frequency of the surname Chambers was highest in Nottinghamshire (4.4 times the British average), followed by Northamptonshire, Huntingdonshire, Lincolnshire, Bedfordshire, Rutland, Suffolk, Derbyshire, Haddingtonshire and Kent. Related surnames include Chalmers and Chamberlain. Notable people with the surname include: 
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="20246227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246227" title="Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2012">
Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2012

The 2012 Democratic presidential primaries and caucuses were the process by which voters of the Democratic Party chose its nominee for President of the United States in the 2012 U.S. presidential election. Incumbent President Barack Obama won the Democratic Party nomination by securing more than the required 2778 delegates on April 3, 2012 after a series of primary elections and caucuses. He was formally nominated by the 2012 Democratic National Convention on September 5, 2012, in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Primary race overview.
The general expectation was that, with President Barack Obama having the advantage of incumbency and being the only viable candidate running, the race would be merely pro forma. 
Several of the lesser-known candidates made efforts to raise visibility. Some Occupy movement activists made an attempt to take over the Iowa caucuses, and managed to get about 2% of the vote for Uncommitted. With eight minor candidates on the ballot in New Hampshire, there was a debate at Saint Anselm College in Goffstown, New Hampshire on December 19, 2011, in which seven candidates participated. Pro-life activist Randall Terry bought time on television in order to show graphic commercials denouncing abortion.
Three candidates – other than Obama – who had been on the ballot in New Hampshire were also on the ballot in Missouri. One such candidate, Randall Terry, attempted to air graphic TV commercials during Super Bowl XLIV, but was met with resistance from various TV stations in some locations. The Democratic National Committee also tried to stop the ads by claiming that Terry was not a legitimate Democratic candidate even though he was legally on the ballot.
A number of partisans of Barack Obama citizenship conspiracy theories, challenging the legitimacy of Obama's birthright citizenship, attempted to have the President's name removed from the Georgia primary ballot. A state administrative judge upheld a subpoena, which was ignored by the President and his staff. In February 2012, the activists' legal challenge was rejected by a Georgia state law judge and by the Secretary of State of Georgia, and Obama remained listed on the primary ballot.
On May 8, 2012, Keith Russell Judd, an inmate serving a 210 month sentence, won 41% of the primary vote in West Virginia against incumbent Barack Obama, a higher percentage of the vote in one state than any other primary opponent of Obama had hitherto achieved in 2012. Shortly thereafter, attorney John Wolfe, Jr. won 42% of the primary vote in Arkansas after widespread speculation that Wolfe could possibly pull off an upset of the state. 
Challengers to President Obama had only qualified for the ballot in eight states – New Hampshire, Missouri, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Texas, West Virginia, Arkansas, and Alaska – while a ninth (Ohio) was going to have Randall Terry on the ballot, but removed his name before the ballots were printed.
Darcy Richardson suspended his bid for the nomination on April 28, 2012. He still appeared on the ballot in Texas after suspending his campaign.
Candidates.
Obama was on the ballot in all states, where he ran mostly unopposed.
In addition to Obama, the following attained ballot status in at least one state: 
Delegate allocation.
The number of pledged delegates allocated to each of the 50 U.S. states and Washington, D.C. is based on two main factors: (1) the proportion of votes each state gave to the Democratic candidate in the last three presidential elections, and (2) the number of electoral votes each state has in the United States Electoral College. In addition, fixed numbers of delegates are allocated to Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Democrats Abroad under the party's delegate selection rules. Depending on each state's law and each state's party rules, when voters cast ballots for a candidate in a presidential caucus or primary, they may be voting to actually award delegates bound to vote for a particular candidate at the state or national convention ("binding" primary or caucus), or they may simply be expressing an opinion that the state party is not bound to follow in selecting delegates to the national convention ("non-binding" primary or caucus).
States are awarded bonus pledged delegates if they schedule their primary or caucus later in the primary season. Those states with April dates are awarded a 10 percent increase, while those who schedule from May 1 to June 12 get a 20 percent increase. And starting on March 20, a 15 percent bonus is awarded when clusters of three or more neighboring states begin on the same day.
The unpledged superdelegates will include members of the United States House of Representatives and Senate, state and territorial governors, members of the Democratic National Committee, and other party leaders. Because of possible deaths, resignations, or the results of intervening or special elections, the final number of these superdelegates may not be known until the week of the convention.
Some delegates committed to candidates other than the President, have not been permitted to be elected in contested primaries, for administrative reasons.
Calendar.
State results.
A Democratic presidential candidates debate, held at Saint Anselm College in December 2011, was attended by seven candidates; Obama did not participate.
A total of 60,659 votes were cast in the primary. Obama won with 49,080 votes. The total votes cast were more than 30 percent fewer than in 1996, the last time that a Democratic president ran for re-election without significant opposition.

</doc>
<doc id="20246263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246263" title="Comin' Back to Me">
Comin' Back to Me

"Comin' Back to Me" is a folk rock song by the band Jefferson Airplane. It was written by Marty Balin. The song appeared on Jefferson Airplane's second album, "Surrealistic Pillow". Marty Balin recalls that "the song was created while he indulged in some primo-grade marijuana given to him by blues singer Paul Butterfield." After writing the song in one sitting, he immediately went to the studio to record his composition with any available musicians at the studio. The song would later be covered by Rickie Lee Jones and Richie Havens. 
It has appeared on the soundtrack of a number of Amecican feature films including "Flashback" (1990), "The Indian Runner" (1991), "Girl, Interrupted" (1999), "Moonlight Mile" (2002), and "A Serious Man" (2009).
Personnel.
The mono mix of this song brings out a bass guitar part that, presumably, would have been played by Jack Casady.

</doc>
<doc id="20246265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246265" title="List of MJHL players drafted by the NHL">
List of MJHL players drafted by the NHL


</doc>
<doc id="20246271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246271" title="Krystyna Janda">
Krystyna Janda

Krystyna Janda (born 18 December 1952, Starachowice, Poland) is a Polish film and theater actress best known, in the West, for playing leading roles in several films by Polish director Andrzej Wajda, including "Man of Marble" ("Człowiek z marmuru", 1976) and "Man of Iron" ("Człowiek z żelaza", 1981).
In 1982, Janda played the lead character in Ryszard Bugajski's film "Przesłuchanie (Interrogation)", which first premiered 7 years later in 1989, following the collapse of communism. Despite the film's late release, she garnered international acclaim for her performance, including winning Best Actress at the Cannes Film Festival and Polish Film Festival in 1990. In 1993, she was a member of the jury at the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival.
Janda is also known for her leading role in the second episode of "The Decalogue" series of Krzysztof Kieślowski.

</doc>
<doc id="20246302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246302" title="EIF4A">
EIF4A

The eukaryotic initiation factor-4A (eIF4A) family consists of 3 closely related proteins EIF4A1, EIF4A2, and EIF4A3. These factors are required for the binding of mRNA to 40S ribosomal subunits. In addition these proteins are helicases that function to unwind double-stranded RNA.
Background.
The mechanisms governing the basic subsistence of eukaryotic cells are immensely complex; it is unsurprising, therefore, that regulation occurs at a number of stages of protein synthesis – the regulation of translation has become a well-studied field. Human translational control is of increasing research interest as it has connotations in a range of diseases. Orthologues of many of the factors involved in human translation are shared by a range of eukaryotic organisms; some of which are used as model systems for the investigation of translation initiation, for example: sea urchin eggs and rabbit reticulocytes. Monod and Jacob were among the first to propose that “the synthesis of individual proteins may be provoked or suppressed within a cell, under the influence of specific external agents, and the relative rates at which different proteins may be profoundly altered, depending upon external conditions” . Almost half a century after the flurry of postulations arising from the revelation of the central dogma of molecular biology, of which the preceding supposition by Monod and Jacob is an example; contemporary researchers still have much to learn about the modulation of genetic expression. Synthesis of protein from mature messenger RNA in eukaryotes is divided into translation initiation, elongation, and termination of these stages; the initiation of translation is the rate limiting step. Within the process of translation initiation; the bottleneck occurs shortly before the ribosome binds to the 5’ m7GTP facilitated by a number of proteins; it is at this stage that constrictions born of stress, amino acid starvation etc. take effect.
Function.
Eukaryotic initiation factor (eIF) complex 2 forms a ternary complex with GTP and the initiator Met-tRNA – this process is regulated by guanine nucleotide exchange and phosphorylation and serves as the main regulatory element of the bottleneck of protein expression. Before translation can progress to the elongation stage, a number of initiation factors must facilitate the synergy of the ribosome and the mRNA and ensure that the 5’ UTR of the mRNA is sufficiently devoid of secondary structure. Binding in this way is facilitated by group 4 eukaryotic initiation factors; eIF4 has implications in the normal regulation of translation as well as the transformation and progression of cancerous cells; as such, it represents an interesting field of research.
Mechanism.
The repertoire of compounds involved in eukaryotic translation consists of initiation factor classes 1 – 6; eIF4 is responsible for the binding of capped mRNA to the 40S ribosomal subunit via eIF3. The mRNA cap is bound by eIF4E (25 kDa), eIF4G (185 kDa) acts as a scaffold for the complex whilst the ATP-dependent RNA helicase eIF4A (46 kDa) processes the secondary structure of the mRNA 5’ UTR to render it more conducive to ribosomal binding and subsequent translation. Together these three proteins are referred to as eIF4F. For maximal activity; eIF4A also requires eIF4B (80 kDa), which itself is enhanced by eIF4H (25 kDa). A study conducted by Bi "et al." into wheat germ seemed to indicate that eIF4A has a higher binding affinity for ADP than ATP except in the presence of eIF4B, which increased the ATP binding affinity tenfold without affecting ADP affinity. Once bound to the 5’ cap of mRNA, this 48S complex then searches for the (usually) AUG start codon and translation begins.
Genes.
In humans, the gene encoding eIF4A isoform I has a transcript length of 1741bp, contains 11 exons, and is located on chromosome 17. The genes for human isoforms II and III reside on chromosomes 3 and 17 respectively.
Proteins.
The 407 residue, 46 kDa, protein eIF4A is the prototypical member of the DEAD box helicase family, so-called due to their conserved four-residue D-E-A-D sequence. This family of helicases is found in a range of prokaryotic and eukaryotic organisms including humans, wherein they catalyse a variety of processes including embryogenesis and RNA splicing as well as translation initiation. Crystallographic analysis of yeast eIF4A carried out by Carruthers "et al." (2000) revealed that the molecule is approximately 80 Å in length and has a “dumbbell” shape where the proximal section represents an 11 residue (18 Å) linker postulated to confer a degree of flexibility and distension to the molecule in solution. eIF4A is an abundant cytoplasmic protein.
Three isoforms of eIF4A exist; I and II share 95% amino acid similarity and have been found simultaneously in rabbit reticulocyte eIF4F in a ratio of 4:1, respectively. The third isoform; eIF4A III, which shares only 65% similarity to the other isoforms is believed to be a core component of the exon junction complex involved in pre-mRNA splicing.

</doc>
<doc id="20246303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246303" title="Libyan cuisine">
Libyan cuisine

Libyan cuisine is the cooking traditions, practices, foods and dishes associated with the country of Libya. The cuisine derives much from the traditions of the Mediterranean, North African Berber (Tunisian cuisine), and the Middle East (Egyptian cuisine). One of the most popular Libyan dishes is a thick highly-spiced soup, known simply as "Shorba Arabiya", or Arabian soup. Shorba Arabiya contains many of the ingredients from many other Libyan dishes, including onions, tomatoes, lamb (or chicken), chilies, cayenne pepper, saffron, chickpeas, mint, cilantro and parsley. Pork consumption is forbidden, in accordance with Sharia, religious laws of Islam. Tripoli is Libya's capital, and the cuisine there is particularly influenced by Italian cuisine. Pasta is common, and many seafood dishes are available. Southern Libyan cuisine is more traditionally Arab and Berber. Common fruits and vegetables include figs, dates, oranges, apricots and olives.
Common foods and dishes.
Bazin is a common Libyan food made with barley flour and a little plain flour, which is then formed into a rounded, smooth dome placed in the middle of the dish. The sauce around the dough is made by frying chopped onions with lamb meat, turmeric, salt, cayenne pepper, black pepper, fenugreek, sweet paprika, and tomato paste. Potatoes can also be added, eggs are boiled and arranged around the dish, and the dish is often served with lemon and fresh or pickled chillies known as "asamyar". "Batata mubattana" (filled potato) is another popular dish that consists of fried potato pieces filled with spiced minced meat and covered with egg and breadcrumbs.
Additional common foods and dishes include:
Beverages.
Libyan tea is a thick beverage served in a small glass, often accompanied by peanuts. Regular American/British coffee is available in Libya, and is known as "Nescafé" (a misnomer). Soft drinks and bottled water are also consumed. Mint tea is also a popular drink. All alcoholic drinks have been banned in Libya since 1969, in accordance with Sharia, religious laws of Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="20246322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246322" title="Tom Cooper (cyclist)">
Tom Cooper (cyclist)

Tom Cooper (1874–1906) was an 1890s champion bicycle racer and early auto racing driver. He is best known for his rivalry with Major Taylor as well as his later work with Henry Ford and Barney Oldfield.
Early years.
Tom Cooper began his cycling career in Detroit, where he was the star of the Detroit Athletic Club's bicycle racing team. His talent and athletic ability soon made him a national celebrity as he climbed to the top of the sport. As a champion bicycle racer, Tom Cooper was a contemporary of Barney Oldfield, Carl G. Fisher, Johnny Johnson, Arthur Gardiner, "Plugger Bill" Martin and Eddie Bald.
At the 1898 League of American Wheelmen championship race on the Newby Oval in Indianapolis, Tom Cooper won the half-mile professional event. Cooper went on to win the Bicycle Championship of America for the 1899 season. Cooper was instrumental in the formation of the American Racing Cyclists Union in 1898, a rival to the League of American Wheelmen.
Cooper, like many bicycle racers at the time such as Fisher and Oldfield, was drawn to the nascent automobile industry in the early 1900s. The gears and chains of bicycles were the heart of the powertrains of the earliest automobiles.
The Cooper-Ford racer.
In 1902 Tom Cooper formed a partnership with fellow Detroiter Henry Ford to build two high-speed race cars. This was about a year before Ford founded the Ford Motor Company. The result of the project were two wood-frame racers with four cylinder, 1,080 cubic inch engines. The cars were initially temperamental and Ford sold his share of their partnership to Cooper in October 1902. This was just days before Cooper entered them in the Manufacturer's Challenge Cup at Grosse Pointe, Michigan on October 25, 1902. Cooper, assisted by mechanic Ed "Spider" Huff, agreed that Barney Oldfield should drive the machine they had focused on, "999" (named after a New York Central railroad train). The result of the event became the topic of national news when Oldfield defeated millionaire Alexander Winton, founder of the Winton Motor Carriage Company, and widely recognized as America's top race driver.
Oldfield continued to race for Tom Cooper for another 10 months, doing much to establish Ford's reputation as an automotive engineer by winning several races. He also drove the Cooper-Ford "999" racer to the first "mile a minute" (60 mph) on a circular track at the Indiana State Fairgrounds dirt oval in June 1903.
Cooper-Oldfield barnstorming.
Tom Cooper and Barney Oldfield remained partners in many ways even after Oldfield left their race team to drive for Alexander Winton in August 1903. The two toured the Midwestern United States negotiating $1,000-plus purses from organizations such as the State Fair Association of Milwaukee in 1903. One of the highlights of these events for Cooper was his victory over Oldfield and one of his Winton racers at Grosse Pointe, Michigan on September 9, 1903.
Cooper was a recognized top driver in his own right, and barnstormed on occasion without Oldfield. Some of these events were odd exhibitions, such as his special mile record on September 5, 1906 when he drove a Matheson automobile with seven passengers to a record for the distance under those conditions at 50.2 seconds or 71.71 mph. This record was achieved on the beach at Atlantic City.
Vanderbilt Cup career.
Although Tom Cooper never raced in the Vanderbilt Cup, he did work with the American Matheson team in 1905 and 1906, and was entered in the 1905 American Elimination Trials on September 22, 1905. In the final day of practice for the 1905 American Elimination Trial, Cooper's Matheson had a faulty lubricating system, destroying the main engine bearing. In 1906 Cooper returned with Matheson not as a driver, but as team manager. The driver was Italian Ralph Mongini. Mongini led a few miles of the first lap around the 29.71 mile course before losing control of his machine and crashing into a telegraph pole. The 1906 race was held September 23.
Vanderbilt Cup Broadway play.
Cooper and Oldfield took several creative approaches to making money. Bicycle racers, mechanics, race car drivers, they even owned a gold mine together in Colorado at the turn of the 20th Century. In January 1906 they attempted to parlay their renown as race drivers into an easier way to generate large sums of money. Together they created a special effect using two race cars (the Peerless Green Dragon and the Peerless Blue Streak), bags of dirt, two large treadmills and stage props to create the illusion of a motor race for a Charles Dillingham play, "The Vanderbilt Cup," starring Elsie Janis. The two appeared on stage nightly. The show was a success but Oldfield and Cooper tired of the acting lifestyle in less than three months and returned to auto racing full-time.
Death.
Tom Cooper was killed in an auto accident in New York City on November 16, 1906. He is buried in Woodmere Cemetery in Detroit.

</doc>
<doc id="20246344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246344" title="Shnayim mikra ve-echad targum">
Shnayim mikra ve-echad targum

Shnayim mikra ve-echad targum (Hebrew: שנים מקרא ואחד תרגום), translated as ""Twice Torah (text) and once Targum (translation)"", and commonly written shorthand as שמו"ת its acronym, is the Jewish practice of reading the weekly Torah portion in a prescribed manner. In addition to hearing the Torah portion read in the synagogue, a person should read it himself twice during that week, together with the (Aramaic Targum) translation and / or Rashi's commentary ("Shulchan Aruch" "Orach Chayim" 285:1-6), and it is customary to also read the portion from the Prophets ("ibid." 285:7). 
Source.
According to the Gemara in Tractate Berakhot 8a:
This statement was interpreted as the ritual of "Shnayim mikra ve-echad targum".
Laws.
As above, the basic obligation of "Shnayim mikra ve-echad targum" involves reciting the Hebrew text of the weekly portion twice and then reciting Targum Onkelos once.
Specialized books.
Although one may read "Shnayim mikra ve-echad targum" from any text, special books have been published which print the Hebrew text twice consecutively followed by the Aramaic Targum so as to assure that the reader will recite the requisite repetitions of each verse. Examples include "Chumash Haavarat HaSidra"and "Chumash Shnayim Mikra Ve'Echad Targum"[http://www.seforimcenter.com/product.asp?numPageStartPosition=1&P_ID=1020&strPageHistory=cat&strKeywords=&strSearchCriteria=&PT_ID=279 (and with translation Electronic versions for use in Tablet computers and E-book readers are also available.[http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/chumash-targum/id299969437?mt=8
Other works designed for daily Torah study - such as "Chok l'Yisrael" which includes the Torah with other study texts divided by the weeks of the year - will print the Hebrew text once, and, as with a standard Chumash, the reader must remember to repeat the Hebrew text before going on to the Targum. Further, these works tend to divide the weekly portion by day and, generally correspondingly, by Aliyah (Sunday: first Aliyah, Monday: Second Aliyah...). Some books, again, will divide the weekly portion differently.
See also.
For other study cycles, see Torah study#Study cycles
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="20246481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246481" title="HS-333">
HS-333

In 1970, Hughes Aircraft Company (HAC) Space and Communications Group offered the first standardized satellite: the HS 333 design. A spinning satellite, it was based on previous one-design satellites like Intelsat I. HAC built eight of these 300 watt, 12 channel single antenna satellites between 1970 and 1977.
Design.
The early satellites were designed with cylindrical bodies to maximize the size of the satellite that could fit inside of the rocket's nose cone or fairing which was also round. The early design satellites also relied on spinning at about 30 rpm for stability in orbit. The spinning satellite is a gyroscope.
Several parallel decks, including the top and bottom, were used to mount the propulsion, attitude control, communication, Telemetry & Command (T&C), and power equipment. The upper deck or top of the satellite contained the payload antenna and the T&C antenna.
The outer surface of the cylindrical body was covered with solar cells to generate power for operating the satellite's electrical equipment. Batteries provide power during eclipse, when the satellite is in the shadow of the earth. The batteries are recharged by excess power from the solar array.
The HS 333 was 1.8 m (6 ft) in diameter and nominally 3.3 m (11 ft) high. The solar array and batteries provided sufficient power over the satellites 7 year design life to power the 190 W payload and 233 W spacecraft equipment. The payload contributed 54 kg (119 lbm) of the HS 333's 146 kg (542 lbm) dry mass.
Satellites.
Eight HS-333 satellites were launched:

</doc>
<doc id="20246496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246496" title="Live at McCabe's">
Live at McCabe's

Live at McCabe's may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20246506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246506" title="Mihai Eminescu National College (Bucharest)">
Mihai Eminescu National College (Bucharest)

Colegiul Naţional Mihai Eminescu "('Mihai Eminescu' National College)" is a high school in Bucharest, Romania. It bears the name of Mihai Eminescu, Romania's best-known poet. In 2000, it was granted the title of "National College" by the Ministry of Education and Research of Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="20246519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246519" title="Martin Orwin">
Martin Orwin

Martin Orwin (born in 1963) is a British linguist, scholar and writer, specializing in the languages and cultures of the Horn of Africa.
Biography.
Orwin studied Arabic and Amharic and has a Ph.D. in the phonology of the Somali language. Since 1992, he has been a lecturer in Somali and Amharic at the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) in London, England, where he teaches both Afro-Asiatic languages.
He has also published articles on Somali language and poetry and has conducted field research in the Horn of Africa.
Orwin's ongoing research interests include language use in poetry, particularly in the metrics of Somali verse. In addition, he has translated a number of Somali poems, two of which were published in the "Modern Poetry in Translation (No.17 Mother Tongues Special Edition 2001)" compendium.
Orwin has worked closely with a number of Somali poets, including Gaarriye and Hadraawi, and is very involved with the Poetry Translation Centre based in London.
He is also the author of "Colloquial Somali", a popular book & CD instruction course on the Somali language.

</doc>
<doc id="20246549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246549" title="Walikale Territory">
Walikale Territory

Walikale Territory is a territory located within the Congolese province of North Kivu, in the eastern regions of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The headquarters are in the town of Walikale. The locality is situated between Bukavu and Lubutu (Maniema Province) on DR Congo National Road No. 2 in the valley of the river Lowa, 135 km to the west of Goma. 
Walikale is rich in cassiterite, which is refined elsewhere into tin. As of 2008, Walikale's cassiterite resources were largely controlled by warlords empowered by the ongoing Kivu conflict. Specifically, the renegade FARDC 85th Brigade, under Colonel Samy Matumo, controlled the mine at Bisie, up to early 2009, when it was replaced by 'accelerated integration' FARDC elements.
The FDLR is continuing its activities in the territory, with May 2009 attacks in Busurungi, in the area bordering South Kivu. Busurungi has around 7,000 inhabitants, spread between the villages of Busurungi, Moka, Nyamimba, Kichanga, Katokoro, Kifuruka, Bunyamisimbwa, Kilambo, Ndaboye, Kahunju,
Tuonane, Kamanyola, Kamaito, Kasebunga and Kitemera.
Territory.
The territory is divided into 2 collectivities: Bakano (4238 km²) and Wanianga (19,237 km²), and comprises 15 'groupements' totalling 90 localites. Walikale is the largest territory in the province of Nord-Kivu, with 39.46% of its surface.
Many armed groupings, often former Interahamwe or the militias of Laurent Nkunda, control the forests and have forced a significant proportion of the population into urban settlements. These armed groups often inflict robbery and violence on the local people, as well as engage in hunting and poaching of nominally-protected species.
The territory is composed of various terrestrial and fresh water eco-regions. There are transition forests in the north-east, and wet tropical forests and farmed land in the south-east and from Gilbertiodendron and Uapaca to the western edge of the province.
Population.
The principal peoples of the territory are:
Armed Groups.
The FDLR: Forces Démocratiques de Libération du Rwanda.
The ‘Forces Démocratiques de Libération du Rwanda’ (FDLR) was initially a political-military movement that was created in 2000 by Hutu rebels that had participated in the 1994 genocide in Rwanda. During the first Congo war in 1996, the Rwandan army started to dismantle the refugee camp that had been created to host the refugees of 1994, in search of ex-FAR (Forces Armées Rwandaises). The ALIR (Armée de Libération du Rwanda), former FDLR, was, therefore, created by these Hutu rebels in order to dismiss the new Rwandan Government and to resettle a Hutu government. The use of the acronym FOCA (Forces combattantes Abacunguzi) refers to a kinyarwanda word meaning ‘saviors’ or ‘liberator’.
However, their presence in the DRC was supposed to be temporary, in order to allow them time and protection (the wideness of the territory and its forests offers much more possibility to hide than Rwanda) to build up an army and to organize their potential coup d’Etat.
The FDLR FOCA is, today, divided in three main brigades commanded by ‘Colonel’ Mutima, ‘Colonel’ Sadiki and ‘Colonel’ Omega. Their number has been evaluated between 3000 and 4500 rebels (Mercier 2009) In order to develop their influence and control over the territory, the FDLR tried on a few occasions to create alliances with the Mayi-Mayi Kifufua, Simba or Tseka, but at the moment no long term alliance has been created and fights between the FDLR and these groups are believed to have occurred on access to mines. 
The FDLR have an important impact in Walikale today: from all the armed groups’ presents in the region, they are the most organized, numerous, structured and their knowledge of the territory constitutes their strength. On the other hand, the accumulation of years and years of fighting and wild livelihoods (part of their members literally live in the forest all year long) as well as the discovery that their chiefs (involved in the 1994 genocide) have absolutely no interests in going back to Rwanda (the official and initial aim of the FDLR), where they would probably be judged by the National of International court of justice. 
Location in Walikale: approximate zones of FDLR’s actions. 
The FDLR control the territory of Walikale on wide superficies. Their presence has been detected on a wide axis going from the east of Oninga (border with Lubutu) to Walowa Yungu (Mpito/Ntoto area) as well as on the western part of the southern axis going from the Kahrizi-Biega Park. They have different basis: 
Mining activities.
The areas controlled by the FDLR are mainly isolated forests and mining sites, exploited illegally and manually, with their own governance system, out of which we can identify: 
Cassiterite, coltan, and gold are being extracted from these mines and brought illegally to Goma through Masisi territory. The only way to reach these sites is by plane from Goma to Walikale Centre, followed by a long trek into the forest by motor bike and on foot (of a minimum of six hours).
The Mayi-Mayi Simba.
The Mayi-Mayi Simba group was initially created in 1964 during the ‘Lumumbist rebellion’. It used to share communitarians ideals and motivations, but its motivations today are exclusively related to pillage and looting. They are located in the north of Walikale territory, on the western axis near the borders with Lubutu and Maniema (region of Oninga), but their activities have decreased in the last years in Walikale.
It is very hard to evaluate their number, as today they often attack in alliance with the Mayi-Mayi Tseka, or very occasionally with the FDLR. One of the most recent grouped attacks is the one lead in the famous mining site of Bisié.
The Mayi-Mayi Kifuafua.
Initially, the Mayi-Mayi Kifuafua was a self-defense group, aiming at defending their villages against the CNDP (previously called the RDC) in the region of Ufamando, in South Kivu. Today they have moved to South Walikale, in Walowa Loanda and Walowe Ubora regions, and control the southern axis of Chambucha to Karete. This position is very strategic as it is right on the trade road linking Bukavu to Walikale. They also control the eastern area of the Chambucha-Karete axis. 
The Mayi-Mayi Kifuafua is divided into two groups, and antagonisms have started to arise between the leaders of these factions
These different tendencies and orientations are believed to be at the origins of ethnic tensions between Walowa Loanda and Walowa Ubora.
The Mayi-Mayi Tseka.
The official motivation of the Mayi-Mayi Tseka is the protection of Walikale against the Tutsi invader. This faction was formed by Tseka, a merchant of ore, by young peasant from Walikale having lost their lands during the war, by some deserters of the FARDC or by formers CNDPs. Their location – on the western axis directed toward Kisangani, on the North of the cities of Mubi and Ndjingala, next to the famous mining area of Bisié – is representative of their concrete motivation, which is mining exploitation.
Accessibility.
From Goma to Walikale Centre.
There are three main ways to access Walikale Centre from Goma. The easiest and most secure way is by plane: there are no internal flights between Walikale and Goma, but the MONUSCO often flies from one city to the other, as well as some commercial planes. The landing strips are also very precarious.
The other ways of accessing Walikale Center from Goma are by land:
From Kisangani to Walikale Centre.
Another possibility to access Walikale Centre is from Kisangani, the capital of the Orientale Province. It is the longest way of the three (the distance between Goma and Walikale Centre via Kisangani is more or less 1700 km) but it is the safest. From Goma, it is possible to take planes to Kisangani. 
The itinerary from Goma to Walikale via Kisangani is the best to transport material, as the roads are good enough for trucks. It implies crossing North Kivu, following the axis Goma - Butembo, Butembo – Komanda, Komanda – Nia Nia, Nia Nia – Bafwasende and finally Bafwasende – Kisangani. Then from Kisangani to Walikale, until Lubutu, the road follows the N3, and then secondary roads link Lubutu to Walikale Centre. The overall trip can take up to one week.
Food Insecurity and Emergency.
In 2011, 55% of the population of Walikale has been affected by the consequences on the ongoing crisis in North-Kivu. This ongoing crisis is a security crisis but also tends to become a food crisis. Years of recurrent conflicts in Walikale has increased the vulnerability of the population and has disrupted the basic functioning of the economy and the society; without being considered as a humanitarian emergency yet, the situation in Walikale is too unstable and threatens the life of too many people to be left out of food security programs planning.
The context of protracted crisis worsened food insecurity but did not totally originate it; it is essential not to limit the analysis to insecurity itself, but also to consider the root causes of food insecurity, which can vary from one region to another. Unlike some other conflicts, where armed groups activities and insecurity directly provokes food insecurity, in the case of Walikale it appears that structural causes, historical causes of food insecurity and insecurity itself are intrinsically linked.
Politics.
Walikale Territory is represented in the National Assembly by two deputies:
Umoja Wetu, Kimya II and Amani Leo.
After the Congolese wars, Walikale territory had known a period of relative calm: surely, armed groups activities had not ceased, ‘food lootings’ were still frequent and armed groups benefited from the central state’s ignorance of the region to continue their mining exploitation activities and to extend their local power. But at least, almost no conflicts were going on between armed groups, and nor the governmental army, nor was the MONUC interfering with their activities.
In addition, some armed groups such as the FDLR had even started to integrate into the social and economic organization of Walikale; as shown in a report of Pole Institute dating from 2008, the FDLR had began to constitute “a state within a state” (Rudahigwa, 2008): customary chiefs admitted at the time that an important part of Walikale territory was under control of the FDLR, who had imposed its own rules and organization. Regular collects were organized within the local population of each village, and a part of their harvest had to be given, as a sort of tax. In exchange, the FDLR protected them. Furthermore, the members of the FDLR even started to develop economic activities other than mining looting, such as farming, local trade of foodstuff or manufactured products and even building hospital or social infrastructures.
Even though in 2008 the FDLR represented an obstacle to food security in the sense that, through their taxing system and their lack of integration within the local population the population was deprived from an important part of their harvest, the stability they imposed to the region ensured a certain regularity of food production and trade. In addition, the vulnerability of the population was lower because the FDLR taxing system encouraged the production of foodstuff and the cultivation of land; the farmers and peasants were fewer victims of attacks and could access their camp with lesser fear than today. 
The growing power and activities of the FDLR in North Kivu led Kagame and Kabila to plan a joint intervention in 2009, to stop FDLR activities and to repatriate to Rwanda its combatants: this 2009 Eastern Congo offensive was named Umoja Wetu (Our Unity in Swahili). Judging whether this first intervention was efficient or not is irrelevant here, but still two month after, in March 2009, the FDLR had grown in power again and started to lead reprisal attacks on the population. In Walikale, the consequences of these reprisals led to a food and humanitarian crisis in 2009, and marked the beginning of insecurity and violence in Walikale. (GRIP, 2011) 
Many ‘volunteers’ also joined the FDLR after the Umoja Wetu operation, mostly members of the CNDP and various Mayi-Mayi groups. The FDLR therefore represented at that moment, the most powerful opposition to the FARDC and by extension, to the central government, and therefore reassembled all military groups or rebels opposed for various reasons to the Congolese government.
The consequences on the population of Umoja Wetu were dreadful: civilians became tools of the war, the instauration of terror, recurrent massacres and killings that followed Umoja Wetu were exclusively meant to put a pressure on the government. The military operation Kimia II and Amani Leo, led by the FARDC and supported by MONUC (which then became MONUSCO), worsened the insecurity in Walikale: not only were civilians victims of abuses meant to force the FARDC to stop their attacks, but entire villages were destroyed by fighting between the FDLR and the FARDC. (GRIP, 2011)
Therefore, this military operation completely destabilized the relative organization of food production and trade in Walikale. Instead of regular taxation, armed groups began to steal directly from the populations and to commit exactions in villages and on the fields. Food and rapes became weapons of the FDLR and other armed groups in Walikale, weapons which led to the current situation of food instability and humanitarian upcoming crisis. 
The November 2011 election was also a factor in explaining the resumption of armed groups’ activities, and in particular of FDLR activities. In fact, the accumulations of the alliance between Kabila and Kagame and of the various military operations led to the development of a real hatred on behalf of the FDLR against the government of Kabila; his reelection in November therefore provoked a movement of protest orchestrated by the FDLR, which once again reflected into a resumption of attacks on the population and the intensification of fighting with the FARDC. According to a member of a local NGO, this resumption could also be related to the fact that the opposition was constituted by members supporting the FDLR and the Mayi-Mayi .

</doc>
<doc id="20246557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246557" title="The Sads">
The Sads

The Sads are an indie-rock band based in Prague, Czech Republic, with five members from Canada, America, and Scotland.
Overview.
The Sads' first release was the 1998 single, "On The Back Of A Billygoat" and two EPs titled Our Lives Abide In Heaven and The Sads which were released on a small indie label, Fairly Good Records. Following these releases, in 2008, The Sads signed briefly to Free Records, in the UK, resulting in their debut album Pregnancy Scare on October 17, 2008, a dual-album release party with The Tower of Dudes at Palac Akropolis in Prague. 
Pregnancy Scare was produced by The Sads themselves (with mastering by Ron Synovitz). Mojo magazine gave the album four stars in a review that dubbed the disc "an album that exudes stark hollow originality, without the burden of personal narrative". The production has been described as baroque, “using a many layers, piano, organs, strings and so on, at or just below the volume at which they can be distinguished."
The Sads have many festivals around the world including the 2007 Glastonbury Festival, Electric Picnic (Ireland), Love City (Czech Republic), and Alt (Germany).

</doc>
<doc id="20246560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246560" title="Pagan River">
Pagan River

The Pagan River (Warraskoyak) is a tributary of the James River located in Isle of Wight County, Virginia. The historic town of Smithfield (and its National Register-listed Smithfield Historic District) sits on the banks of this river.
The name of the river may come from the Algonquin language word for pecan (Cree pakan, Ojibway pagan, Abenaki pagann) "that which is cracked with a tool" referring to the nut. When the area was explored in the early 1600s there were many pecan trees along the banks. 

</doc>
<doc id="20246585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246585" title="Gonna Give Her All the Love I've Got">
Gonna Give Her All the Love I've Got

"Gonna Give Her All the Love I've Got" is a psychedelic soul song recorded by Motown singer Marvin Gaye, released on the Tamla label in 1970. Like Gaye's UK hit "Abraham, Martin & John", the song has a social context: it depicts a man anticipating his release from prison on the morrow, when he'll return home on a train to "the girl that I left behind," promising himself that he will reward her steadfast love for him by "givher all the love [he's got." The song was written by Norman Whitfield and Barrett Strong and produced by Whitfield and released off the singer's 1970 album, "That's the Way Love Is." Originally recorded by Jimmy Ruffin, and in 1968 by the Temptations as part of the album ""The Temptations Wish It Would Rain"," the song was a modest hit when Gaye released it in early 1970, peaking at number sixty-seven on the Billboard Hot 100 and at number twenty-six on the Hot Selling Soul Singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20246615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246615" title="Madhav Bhattarai">
Madhav Bhattarai

Madhav Bhattarai is a religious scholar from Nepal and chairman of the committee of astrologers and religious scholars of Nepal.
He also worked as a "Nayab Badaguruji", religious scholar, appointed by late king Birendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev.
Dr. Mangal Raj Joshi died in Kathmandu on 2 March 2005. Since then, Prof. Dr. Madhav Bhattarai attending the office as a president of Nepal Panchanga Nirnayak Samiti. He is an eloquent speaker.
He is the founder member of various organizations. He is the president of Rastriya Dharmasabha Nepal which is established to address all Hindus of the country.
He is also one of the founder members of Nepal Sikshya Campus, Kathmandu.
references:

</doc>
<doc id="20246631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246631" title="Avotaynu Magazine">
Avotaynu Magazine

"Avotaynu, The International Review of Jewish Genealogy" is a magazine that focuses on Jewish genealogy and family history published by Avotaynu Inc. (Bergenfield, New Jersey). It was established in 1985. An index to the first 24 volumes is available. The magazine gets its name from the Hebrew word, avotaynu, which literally means "our fathers," but has come to mean "ancestors."

</doc>
<doc id="20246641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246641" title="Kevin Cogill">
Kevin Cogill

Kevin Dale Cogill (born October 8, 1980) is a Los Angeles music blogger who is known for leaking the Guns N' Roses album Chinese Democracy. After leaking a suspected 9 tracks from the alleged 14-track album, Cogill was arrested in his home late August by the FBI. Chinese Democracy was released worldwide November 23, 2008, and in the UK November 24, 2008.
Leak.
Cogill writes as Skwerl on his blog called Antiquiet. In the blog entry including the first leaks, he also posted a note:
"I always said that the more that Axl and Geffen jerked around trying to figure out how to release this finally finished album that we've all been waiting over 13 years for, the greater the chances would be that it would slip out of a pressing plant or office somewhere and wind up in the hands of some asshole with a blog,"
Cogill was immediately contacted by representatives of Guns N' Roses after posting the tracks. The blog server actually crashed fifteen minutes after the posting. The investigation was initially handled by RIAA who provided information regarding the posting to the FBI. Cogill was interviewed by the FBI, provided the FBI with access to his computers, and cooperated with authorities. He was not arrested until he informed the FBI that he had decided to hire a lawyer. "See" Case Docket, United States District Court, Central District of California, "United States of America v. Kevin Cogill", CR 08-01222-PLA, Docket Number 32, filed 3/1/2009, https://ecf.cacd.uscourts.gov/cgi-bin/DktRpt.pl?187044406205736-L_942_0-1.
Initially arrested for felony criminal copyright infringement, Cogill's attorney, David J.P. Kaloyanides, negotiated a misdemeanor plea agreement with the government. Cogill pled guilty to one count of misdemeanor copyright infringement on December 15, 2008. "See" Case Docket, United States District Court, Central District of California, "United States v. Kevin Cogill", CR 08-01222-PLA, Docket No. 29, https://ecf.cacd.uscourts.gov/cgi-bin/DktRpt.pl?187044406205736-L_942_0-1. He was sentenced to one year of probation with a condition of two months home detention. " Id."
In 2014, Cogill revealed that he could not be charged for pre-releasing copyrighted material, because the band did not intend to release the album to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20246661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246661" title="Live at McCabe's (Townes Van Zandt album)">
Live at McCabe's (Townes Van Zandt album)

"Live at McCabe's" is a live album released by Folk/country singer-songwriter Townes Van Zandt in 1995. It was recorded at McCabe's Guitar Shop in Santa Monica, California and is a limited edition. Only 2000 copies were printed.
Van Zandt is joined on stage by slide guitarist Kelly Joe Phelps.
Track listing.
All songs written by Townes Van Zandt unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20246683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246683" title="Pneumococcal infection">
Pneumococcal infection

Pneumococcal infection refers to an infection caused by "Streptococcus pneumoniae".
Types of infection caused.
"S. pneumoniae" is responsible for 15–50% of all episodes of community acquired pneumonia, 30–50% of all cases of acute otitis media and a significant proportion of bacteremia and bacterial meningitis. It kills at least one million children under the age of five every year: >70% of these deaths are in developing countries. This total is greater than that due to malaria, AIDS and measles combined. 
Pathogenesis.
"S. pneumoniae" is normally found in the nasopharynx of 5–10% of healthy adults, and 20–40% of healthy children. It can be found in higher amounts in certain environments, especially those where people are spending a great deal of time in close proximity to each other (day care centers, military barracks). It attaches to nasopharyngeal cells through interaction of bacterial surface adhesins. This normal colonization can become infectious if the organisms are carried into areas such as the Eustachian tube or nasal sinuses where it can cause otitis media and sinusitis, respectively. Pneumonia occurs if the organisms are inhaled into the lungs and not cleared (again, viral infection, or smoking-induced ciliary paralysis might be contributing factors). The organism's polysaccharide capsule makes it resistant to phagocytosis, and if there is no pre-existing anticapsular antibody, alveolar macrophages cannot adequately kill the pneumococci. The organism spreads to the blood stream (where it can cause bacteremia) and is carried to the meninges, joint spaces, bones, and peritoneal cavity, and may result in meningitis, brain abscess, septic arthritis, or osteomyelitis.
"S. pneumoniae" has several virulence factors, including the polysaccharide capsule mentioned earlier, that help it evade a host's immune system. It has pneumococcal surface proteins that inhibit complement-mediated opsonization, and it secretes IgA1 protease that will destroy secretory IgA produced by the body and mediates its attachment to respiratory mucosa.
The risk of pneumococcal infection is much increased in persons with impaired IgG synthesis, impaired phagocytosis, or defective clearance of pneumococci. In particular, the absence of a functional spleen, through congenital asplenia, splenectomy, or sickle-cell disease predisposes one to a more severe course of infection (Overwhelming post-splenectomy infection) and prevention measures are indicated (see asplenia). 
People whose immune system is compromised, such as those living with HIV, are also at higher risk of pneumococcal disease. In HIV patients with access to treatment, the risk of invasive pneumoccal disease is 0.2–1% per year and has a fatality rate of 8%.
There is an association between pneumococcal pneumonia and influenza. Damage to the lining of the airways (respiratory epithelium) and upper respiratory system caused by influenza may facilitate pneumococcal entry and infection.
Other risk factors include smoking, injection drug use, Hepatitis C, and COPD.
Virulence factors.
"S. pneumoniae" expresses different virulence factors on its cell surface and inside the organism. These virulence factors contribute to some of the clinical manifestations during infection with "S. pneumoniae".
Humoral immunity.
In the 19th century, it was demonstrated that immunization of rabbits with killed pneumococci protected them against subsequent challenge with viable pneumococci. Serum from immunized rabbits or from humans who had recovered from pneumococcal pneumonia also conferred protection. In the 20th century, the efficacy of immunization was demonstrated in South African miners. 
It was discovered that the pneumococcus's capsule made it resistant to phagocytosis, and in the 1920s it was shown that an antibody specific for capsular polysaccharide aided the killing of "S. pneumoniae". In 1936, a pneumococcal capsular polysaccharide vaccine was used to abort an epidemic of pneumococcal pneumonia. In the 1940s, experiments on capsular transformation by pneumococci first identified DNA as the material that carries genetic information.
In 1900, it was recognized that different serovars of pneumococci exist, and that immunization with a given serovar did not protect against infection with other serovars. Since then over ninety serovars have been discovered, each with a unique polysaccharide capsule that can be identified by the quellung reaction. Because some of these serovars cause disease more commonly than others, it is possible to provide reasonable protection by immunizing with less than 90 serovars; the current vaccine contains 23 serovars (i.e., it is "23-valent"). 
The serovars are numbered according to two systems: the American system, which numbers them in the order in which they were discovered, and the Danish system, which groups them according to antigenic similarities.
Diagnosis.
Depending on the nature of infection, an appropriate sample is collected for laboratory identification. Pneumococci are typically gram-positive, cocci, seen in pairs or chains. When cultured on blood agar plates with added optochin antibiotic disk, they show alpha-hemolytic colonies and a clear zone of inhibition around the disk meaning they're sensitive to the antibiotic. Pneumococci are also bile soluble. Just like other streptococci, they are catalase-negative. A Quellung test can identify specific capsular polysaccharides.
Pneumococcal antigen (cell wall C polysaccharide) may be detected in various body fluids. Older detection kits, based on latex agglutination, added little value above Gram staining and were occasionally false-positive. Better results are achieved with rapid immunochromatography, which has a sensitivity (identifies the cause) of 70–80% and >90% specificity (when positive identifies the actual cause) in pneumococcal infections. The test was initially validated on urine samples, but has been applied successfully to other body fluids. Chest X-rays can also be conducted to confirm an infection.
Treatment.
Throughout history, treatment relied primarily on β-lactam antibiotics. In the 1960s, nearly all strains of "S. pneumoniae" were susceptible to penicillin, but, since that time, there has been an increasing prevalence of penicillin resistance, especially in areas of high antibiotic use. A varying proportion of strains may also be resistant to cephalosporins, macrolides (such as erythromycin), tetracycline, clindamycin and the quinolones. Penicillin-resistant strains are more likely to be resistant to other antibiotics. Most isolates remain susceptible to vancomycin, though its use in a β-lactam-susceptible isolate is less desirable because of tissue distribution of the drug and concerns of development of vancomycin resistance. More advanced beta-lactam antibiotics (cephalosporins) are commonly used in combination with other drugs to treat meningitis and community-acquired pneumonia. In adults, recently developed fluoroquinolones such as levofloxacin and moxifloxacin are often used to provide empiric coverage for patients with pneumonia, but, in parts of the world where these drugs are used to treat tuberculosis, resistance has been described.
Susceptibility testing should be routine, with empiric antibiotic treatment guided by resistance patterns in the community in which the organism was acquired, pending the results. There is currently debate as to how relevant the results of susceptibility testing are to clinical outcome. There is slight clinical evidence that penicillins may act synergistically with macrolides to improve outcomes.
Prevention.
Vaccines against Streptococcus pneumoniae are available.

</doc>
<doc id="20246694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246694" title="Estero Bureo">
Estero Bureo

Estero Bureo a small river on the Pacific coast of the Tomé commune, Concepcion Province, Bío Bío Region of Chile north of Penco and south of the Itata River. The Buero surrounds by a meander the city of Mulchén on all sides except the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20246702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246702" title="Nevada State Route 489">
Nevada State Route 489

State Route 489 was a road that connected the near ghost town of Cherry Creek to U.S. Route 93. The road was decommissioned at some point after 1978.
Route description.
SR 489 started at US 93. It went west through desolate mountains and intersected several minor roads. The highway ends in Cherry Creek, which is now almost deserted but was once a thriving town because of silver and gold located in the area. Cherry Creek Rd. continues west, however the section of Cherry Creek Road west of Cherry Creek has never had a state route number. 

</doc>
<doc id="20246739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246739" title="Religion within the Bounds of Bare Reason">
Religion within the Bounds of Bare Reason

Religion within the Bounds of Bare Reason () is a 1793 book by the German philosopher Immanuel Kant. Although its purpose and original intent has become a matter of some dispute, the book's immense and lasting influence on the history of theology and the philosophy of religion is indisputable. It consists of four parts, called "Pieces" ("Stücken"), originally written as a series of four journal articles.
Royal censorship.
The First Piece originally appeared as a "Berlinische Monatsschrift" article (April 1792). Kant's attempt to publish the Second Piece in the same journal met with opposition from the king's censor. Kant then arranged to have all four pieces published as a book, routing it through the philosophy department at University of Jena to avoid the need for theological censorship. Kant was reprimanded for this action of insubordination. When he nevertheless published a second edition in 1794, the censor was so irate that he arranged for a royal order that required Kant never to publish or even speak publicly about religion.
Title meaning and translations.
The book's title is based on a metaphor Kant introduces in the Prefaces and uses throughout the book, whereby rational religion is depicted as a naked ("bare") body while historical religions are regarded as "clothing" that may or may not be appropriate "vehicles" for conveying religious truths to the populace. The earliest translation treats this metaphor too literally: using "naked" ignores the fact that Kant's ""bloßen"" can also mean "mere". The most recent translation solves this problem by using the English "bare", which also has both meanings.
History of English translations.
Werner S. Pluhar, "Religion within the Bounds of Bare Reason". Indianapolis: Hackett Publishing Company, 2009. With an Introduction by Stephen Palmquist.
Allen W. Wood and George di Giovanni, "Religion within the Boundaries of Mere Reason". Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1998. With an Introduction by Robert Merrihew Adams. Also included in "Immanuel Kant: Religion and Rational Theology", volume 6 of "The Cambridge Edition of the Works of Immanuel Kant", pp.55-215.
Theodore M. Greene and Hoyt H. Hudson, "Religion within the Limits of Reason Alone". New York: Harper and Brothers, 1934/1960.
T.K. Abbott, translation of the First Piece only, on pp.323-360 of "Immanuel Kant's Critique of Practical Reason and Other Works in Theory of Ethics". London: Longmans, Green & Co., Ltd, 1873.
J.W. Semple, "(title unknown)". Edinburgh: Thomas Clark, 1838/1848.
John Richardson, "Religion within the Boundaries of Naked Reason" extracts in J.S. Beck's "The Principles of Critical Philosophy" (1798). Revised and reprinted in Richardson's "Essays and Treatises" (London: William Richardson, 1799), volume 2, pp.367-422.

</doc>
<doc id="20246758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246758" title="2008 Russian submarine K-152 Nerpa accident">
2008 Russian submarine K-152 Nerpa accident

The K-152 "Nerpa" accident was an incident that occurred aboard the Russian submarine K-152 "Nerpa" on 8 November 2008, which resulted in the deaths of 20 people and injuries to 41 more. The deaths and injuries were caused by an unsanctioned release of fire suppressant gas inside the submarine during a submerged test run during the vessel's sea trials in the Sea of Japan. The gas caused victims to die of asphyxiation or suffer frostbite in their lungs. The incident was the worst Russian submarine disaster since the "Kursk" sank in 2000. Three of the dead were military personnel and the rest were civilians from the Vostok, Zvezda, Era and Amur shipbuilding yards who were members of the acceptance team.
Sequence of events.
At the time of the accident, the "Nerpa" was undergoing sea trials at the Russian Pacific Fleet's test range in Peter the Great Gulf, an inlet of the Sea of Japan adjoining the coast of Russia's Primorski Krai province. The vessel had not yet been accepted by the Russian Navy but was undergoing plant tests under the supervision of a team from the Amursky Ship Building Plant. For this reason, it had a much larger than usual complement aboard, totalling 208 people, 81 military personnel and 127 civilian engineers from the shipyards responsible for building and outfitting the submarine.
The accident occurred at 8:30 PM local time on 8 November 2008, during the submarine's first underwater test run. The submarine's fire extinguishing system was triggered, sealing two forward compartments and filling them with freon R-114B2 gas (Dibromotetrafluoroethane, known as "khladon" in Russian). The gas, a hydrobromofluorocarbon refrigerant, is used in the Russian Navy's LOKh ("lodochnaya obyemnaya khimischeskaya" - "submarine volumetric chemical") fire suppressant system. Each compartment of a Russian submarine contains a LOKh station from which freon can be delivered into that or adjacent compartments. Freon displaces oxygen, enabling it to extinguish fires rapidly in enclosed spaces. In high concentrations, it can cause narcosis, which progresses by stages into excitation, mental confusion, lethargy, and ultimately asphyxiation.
Twenty people died of asphyxiation in the accident. The number of injured was initially put at 21 but was later revised to 41 by the Amurskiy Shipbuilding Company, a number of whose employees were among the injured. Many of the injured were reported to be suffering from frostbite caused by the chilling effect of the gas.
Following the incident, the Udaloy class destroyer "Admiral Tributs" and the rescue vessel "Sayany" were dispatched from Vladivostok to provide assistance to the stricken submarine. The injured survivors were transferred to the destroyer and sent to military hospitals for treatment, while the submarine returned under its own power to Primorsky Krai. According to naval spokesman Igor Digaylo, the vessel was not damaged in the incident and radiation levels remained normal.
Causes.
Two principal explanations of the disaster have been advanced by naval experts and the media - that there was a failure of the equipment, or that the accident was caused by human error.
Equipment failure.
The LOKh fire suppression system aboard the "Nerpa" was reportedly of a new type that had not previously been used aboard any Russian submarine. Earlier versions of the LOKh system only operate under manual control from the duty shift console. The new system installed on the "Nerpa" could also operate in automatic mode, responding to smoke and rises in compartment temperature and activating individually in each compartment. According to the testimony of an engineer from the Zvezda shipyard, this had malfunctioned before while the submarine was being readied for its sea trials. Some commentators speculated that the system could have been accidentally activated by cigarette smoke.
Human error.
On 10 November, a Russian Navy statement blamed the disaster on an "unsanctioned operation" of the fire suppression system aboard the "Nerpa". Three days later, naval investigators announced that a crewman, named unofficially as Dmitry Grobov, had turned on the system "without permission or any particular grounds". According to reports in the Russian media, Grobov believed that a local control unit was not connected. Out of boredom he started playing with it. The submarine local control units are protected by five digit access numbers but during sea trials the access codes were penciled on the units. The seaman increased readings up from the original value of 30 °C to 78 °C, causing the control system to believe that there was a fire on board. The control unit requested permission to start the fire suppression system. Grobov granted permission, possibly without realizing what he was doing. He was charged and would face up to seven years in prison if convicted.
Colleagues expressed skepticism, describing the accused crewman as an experienced and skilled specialist. Several commentators suggested that the crewman was being treated as a scapegoat. A number of retired naval officers told the business daily "Kommersant" that they doubted that Grobov was solely to blame, as it was impossible for one person to activate the system due to it requiring multiple levels of confirmation before it can be activated.
Exacerbating factors.
According to survivors, those affected by the gas release were caught off guard and may not have been alerted in time due to warning sirens sounding only after the gas had already begun pouring in. Some of the victims were reported to have been unable to don breathing kits before they suffocated.
Igor Kurdin, a former Typhoon-class submarine commander and the current head of the St. Petersburg Submariners Club, attributed the high casualty count to the presence of a large number of civilian specialists on the submarine at the time of the accident. 17 of 20 people who perished in the accident were civilians. He noted that civilian observers would be untrained in the proper response to the release of the boat's fire fighting gas, which would be preceded by a specific light and sound signal, after which all on board are supposed to put on oxygen masks to allow them to survive during the 30 minute period required to ventilate the compartments before they can be reopened. In addition, because the accident occurred at 8:30 PM many of the civilian specialists and crewmen would likely have been asleep, and unable to don their oxygen masks in time. The accident was the country's worst since 2000, when a torpedo exploded and sank another Russian nuclear submarine, "Kursk", killing 118 people.
Mikhail Barabanov, editor-in-chief of "Moscow Defense Brief", said that accidental discharge of the fire suppression system on submarines is common, but usually does not cause fatalities. However, "Nerpa" had a "crowd of civilians" on board and the boat was "overcrowded". His understanding was, "the fire alarm failed to work, so the passengers did not realize that the gas started to displace oxygen in the affected compartments." Some suggested that there had not been enough breathing kits available for the larger than usual number of people aboard, or that the civilians had not been properly trained in their use. Survivors stated that some breathing apparatuses had not worked or had failed after only a few minutes; some of the dead were reportedly found still wearing their breathing kits.
Official reactions.
Russia.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ordered Defence Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov to undertake an immediate investigation into the causes of the accident. Colonel General Aleksandr Kolmakov, the First Deputy Minister of Defenсe, and Admiral Vladimir Vysotskiy, the Navy Commander-in-Chief, were sent to the Far East region to oversee the investigation. The President also ordered the General Procurator Yuriy Chayka to undertake a criminal investigation of the incident and a team of officers from the Main Military Procuracy were sent to investigate the case. The Russian Navy and the governments of the Primorsky Krai and Khabarovsk Krai regions announced compensation packages to assist the families of those who lost their lives in the accident.
India.
Initially, there were reports in Russian and Indian media of a crew from the Indian Navy heading to Vladivostok later in November 2008, where they will start "trainings and preparations" aboard the "Nerpa". These reports came amid speculations that Russia might lease a newly built nuclear submarine to India. Reports later confirmed that the submarine which suffered the accident was indeed the one which was planned to be leased to India.
Indian naval officials said, "Our officials are already in Russia monitoring the submarine project; both during its construction phase and now during the sea trial phase. We are keeping a close watch on the developments."
Opinions were divided among analysts about the effect that the accident would have on military relations with India. A Russian defense analyst remarked that it was unlikely that the incident "would scare India away." On the other hand, Golts stated, "I think this is going to be another serious blow to cooperation with India. India will be even more concerned about the quality of Russian weapons." He also stated that India had desired secrecy, lest the United States apply pressure to scuttle the deal, but that with no other suppliers of such submarines, India would probably still accept the deal. The planned lease of the submarine to India was in 2008 reported to be cancelled following the incident. However, the submarine was officially inducted into the Indian Navy on April 4, 2012 as INS Chakra.

</doc>
<doc id="20246764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246764" title="How Can I Forget">
How Can I Forget

"How Can I Forget" was originally recorded as a love ballad by Motown group The Temptations in 1968 and was re-recorded in a psychedelic soul/funk styling by fellow Motown artist, Marvin Gaye in 1969. His version, released on Motown's first subsidiary, Tamla, became a modest hit that almost reached the Top 40 of the pop charts while peaking at number-eighteen on the Hot Selling Soul Singles chart in 1970. Marvin's recording was featured on his "That's the Way Love Is" album. The song is also notable for being (at the time) one of the shortest recordings for both The Tempts and for Gaye; recorded when most songs are over three minutes, its length is just under two.

</doc>
<doc id="20246830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246830" title="Natalia Korolevska">
Natalia Korolevska

Natalia Yuriivna Korolevska () (born 18 May 1975 in Krasnyi Luch) is a Ukrainian politician and ex-Minister of Social Policy of Ukraine. Since 23 December 2011 she has been the party-leader of the Ukrainian Social Democratic Party. On 22 March 2012 the Ukrainian Social Democratic Party was renamed Party of Natalia Korolevska "Ukraine – Forward!".
Biography.
Korolevska was born in the former USSR in 1975, her father was a miner, her mother a teacher. Korolevska graduated from the East Ukraine Volodymyr Dahl National University in 1997 and the Donetsk State Academy of Management in 2002 (speciality "Manager of organizations"). From 1992 Korolevska worked in several management functions, starting in a company set up by her older brother Kostiantyn, earning a "Leader of middle business" award in 2004.
Political career.
From 2002 until 2006 Korolevska was a deputy of the Luhansk regional parliament. During the Presidential election 2004 she supported Victor Yanukovich. Korolevska was a member of Council of Entrepreneurs under the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine in the years 2003, 2004 and 2005.
Korolevska became a member of All-Ukrainian Union "Fatherland" (a part of Bloc Yulia Tymoshenko) in autumn 2005 because "she is sure that the block of Yulia Tymoshenko is the future". Korolevska decided to enter national politics: "I knew the most complex problems of the Donbass and sincerely wanted to solve them, but saw and understood that it is impossible to do at the level of the regional council. It is in this spirit that I arrived in the Verkhovna Rada (Ukrainian parliament) in 2006. Disappointment came quickly enough: it seems that everyone here is well aware of the difficulties, but nobody makes an attempt resolve them and to help the people." During the 2006 and 2007 parliamentary elections, she was elected as a deputy to the Verkhovna Rada. Korolevska is the current chairman of the committee on issues of industrial and regulatory policy and entrepreneurship in the Verkhovna Rada.
Korolevska represented her party early December 2011 at the Congress of the European People's Party (party leader Tymoshenko was in custody at the time).
On 23 December 2011, Korolevska was elected the leader of the Ukrainian Social Democratic Party (just like her former party, that party was also a member of the Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc). Hence she did not change faction in the Verkhovna Rada.
On 14 March 2012 Korolevska was expelled from her “Bloc Yulia Tymoshenko-Batkivschyna”-faction after refusing to vote for the inclusion of a proposal in the agenda of the Verkhovna Rada (according to the faction; Korolevska claimed her "voting card" was stolen and that she wanted to vote for the proposal). The faction stated Korolevska was expelled "for breach of parliamentary ethics and cooperation with the Presidential Administration"; she had been reprimanded previously. Two deputies of the “Bloc Yulia Tymoshenko-Batkivschyna”-faction, who were like Korolevska members of the Ukrainian Social Democratic Party, resigned from the faction in protest against Korolevska's expelling the same day.
On the 22 March 2012 party congress the Ukrainian Social Democratic Party was renamed Ukraine – Forward!. In the October 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election this/her party won 1.58% of the national votes and no constituencies and thus failed to win parliamentary representation.
Despite that in June 2012 her party had stated it would not cooperate with the Party of Regions in a new parliament and in October 2012 had threatened Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych with impeachment Korolevska became Minister of Social Policy of Ukraine in the Party of Regions led and appointed by Yanukovych second Azarov Government on 24 December 2012.
On 24 February 2014, just after the "Maidan revolution", the Verkhovna Rada dismissed Korolevska.
Political positions.
Korolevska political goal is "to create an efficient, transparent and stable economy" with less Government involvement. She claims to stand for political reforms to combat poverty and corruption. Korolevska wants to involve the non-government sector more in decision-making. She is against re-privatization.
In February 2012 she accused the Azarov Government of being "amateurish" "and it doesn't seem to notice that the country is on the verge of default".
Early March 2012 Korolevska called for the opposition to run the 2012 parliamentary elections on a single list. The day after she was expelled from the “Bloc Yulia Tymoshenko-Batkivschyna”-faction (formerly BYuT faction) in the Verkhovna Rada (Ukrainian parliament) on 14 March 2012 she stated "Deputies from the so-called opposition have united with the majority factions; an anti-national majority consisting of representatives of the current and previous government has been formed in the Verkhovna Rada". Korolevska's Ukrainian Social Democratic Party left the Dictatorship Resistance Committee (the main vehicle where the opposition was negotiating forming joint electoral list of candidates in electoral districts in the 2012 parliamentary elections) on 14 March 2012.
Cultural and political image.
Korolevska is seen as a representative of the upcoming generation of political leaders of Ukraine. In 2007 "Focus" magazine placed Korolevska 66th in a survey investigating the most influential women of Ukraine. In 2009 she reached the 9th spot in that survey (six places higher than the Minister of Labor and Social Policy Lyudmyla Denisova); "in 2009 she increased her presence in the coal market of Ukraine", according to "Focus".
In February 2008 "Focus" placed Korolevska at the 93rd place in their ranking of the richest Ukrainians. Experts of the magazine assessed her assets to be worth US$ 243 million (in the food industry). According to Korolevska she is no longer active in business and her husband controls her assets.
According to media in Luhansk Korolevska remains one of the most influential figures in that region.
According to experts Korolevska spend about $1.25 million on a spring 2012 national billboards campaign aimed at raising her profile; her press service did not give any figures about expenditures on this ad campaign, stating it was a “commercial secret”.

</doc>
<doc id="20246837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246837" title="Bahá'í Faith in Liberia">
Bahá'í Faith in Liberia

The Bahá'í Faith in Liberia begins with the entrance of the first member of the religion in 1952 and the first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly in 1958 in Monrovia. By the end of 1963 there were five assemblies and Liberian Bahá'ís elected their first National Spiritual Assembly in 1975. Hosting various conferences through the '70's the community was somewhat disrupted by the First Liberian Civil War with some refugees going to Côte d'Ivoire in 1990 and the re-establishment of the National Spiritual Assembly in 1998. Third parties invited the modern Bahá'í community into their dialogues in the country while Bahá'ís have continued their work supporting a private Bahá'í school, the Bahá'í Academy and a private radio station. The Association of Religion Data Archives(relying mostly on the World Christian Encyclopedia) estimated some 11,691 Bahá'ís in 2005.
Early phase.
In 1916-1917 `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, wrote a series of letters, or tablets, to the followers of the religion in the United States and Canada asking the followers of the religion to travel to regions of Africa; these letters were compiled together in the book titled Tablets of the Divine Plan. The publication was delayed until 1919 in Star of the West magazine on December 12, 1919 after the end of World War I and the Spanish flu.
Particular plans to bring the religion to Uganda began in 1950 involving the cooperation of American, British, Egyptian, and Persian Bahá'í communities and reached a level of coordination and detail that materials were translated into languages widely used in Africa before pioneers reached Africa. Wide scale growth in the religion across Sub-Saharan Africa was observed to begin in 1950s and extend in the 1960s. In 1952, American William Fosterpioneered to Liberia as the first presence of the religion in the country and began a Bahá'í school named the Bahá'í Academy. Granadan Hermione Vera Keens-Douglas Edwards and Jamaican Julius Edwards (Knight of Bahá'u'lláh for Ghana in 1953) moved to Liberia and Foster and others helped form the first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly in 1958 in Monrovia. Mrs. Edwards served for many years under the Continental Board of Counsellors for Africa. In 1959 Muhammad Mustafa traveled to Liberia and was commissioned to explain some Muslim concerns about the Bahá'í Faith. This was ultimately published as There was a second assembly in Bomi Hills (see Tubmanburg) before 1963.
Growth.
In 1956, the western African region with about 1000 Bahá'ís was organized into the regional National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of North-West Africa including Tunisia, Algeria, the various Moroccos and Cameroons, Togolands, the Gold Coast, Liberia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, Madeira, the Canary Island, Cape Verde Islands, and St. Thomas Island. At this time the Bahá'ís in Liberia had an endowment or a national center in Bomi Hills By the end of 1963 there were assemblies in Bomi Hills, Harper City, Pleebo, Gboweta, and Monrovia. There were smaller groups of Bahá'ís in the a district of Gbarnga, Mano River Camp and Totota. Individual Bahá'ís lived in Belefania, Gbarma, another district of Gbarnga, Harbel, Kakata, Knowoke, Lazamai, Soboreke, Suakoko, and districts of Webbo. In 1967, the Bahá'í marriage ceremony was accepted in Liberia. And Enoch Olinga also had a large influence on growth of the community including witnessing the first election of the National Spiritual Assembly in 1975.
In 1971, the Bahá'ís of Liberia hosted one of the Continental Conferences called for by the Universal House of Justice. The Bahá'í Faith was a recognized part of the intellectual milieu at the University of Liberia in the early 1970s. The community hosted a West African Bahá'í Women's Conference held at the University of Liberia in December 1978. However, between the First and Second Liberian Civil War stretching from 1989 to 2003, some 200 Liberian Bahá'í refuguees fled to Côte d'Ivoire in 1990 and there re-elected Local Assemblies, established regular Bahá'í meetings, invested the equivalent of $20 in order to buy tools for gardens and fish ponds and by ??? about 1,000 Bahá'ís and 25 Local Assemblies in the area. The use of folk art was mentioned as one reason for growth in the community - Liberian Bahá'ís had established a Light of Unity Project for promoting the arts. and Bahá'í radio stations of which Liberia has one.
In 1994 the first national youth conference held at which 75 youth came. By 1998, the National Spiritual Assembly was re-elected.
Modern community.
Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Bahá'ís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Bahá'í teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. Worldwide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Bahá'í socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. While Liberia was still in civil war Bahá'ís continued to be active in and near Liberia. In 2000 a Bahá'í was among the volunteers that gave relief to refugees in Ghana. In 2002, Kathleen and Brannon Underwood pioneered in Liberia for a short time. Brannon had just retired in 2002 from a 30-year career as a professor of rehabilitation counseling in the master's program at South Carolina State University. In 2005 the United States Embassy in Liberia supported a panel discussion among religious leaders from the Islamic, Christian, and Bahá'í faiths. In 2007, the Liberian Better Future Foundation (BFF), in collaboration with the United Nations Refugee Agency, invited Bahá'í youth to be among the participants in a two-day interfaith leadership workshop in Jacob Town and Chairman of the National Spiritual Assembly in 2007, James Peabody spoke to the assemblage.
Bahá'í Academy.
In 2004, Kathleen Underwood returned to serve as principal of the K-12 Bahá'í Academy, which was on the verge of closing. It was broke, needed to repair the roof and didn't have the means necessary to secure a license from the ministry of education have no textbooks relying solely on their instructors for information. Near the end of their studies, students must pass the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) which is administered by the West African Examinations Council. Each day the students participate in Formation, which includes the raising of the Liberian Flag, morning prayer and the recitation of the pledge to their flag.
Demographics.
A small percentage of the Liberian population is Bahá'í, Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, or atheist. The Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on World Christian Encyclopedia) estimated some 11,691 Bahá'ís in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20246846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246846" title="Partner effects">
Partner effects

Partner effects refer to the ways in which a spouse or consensual mate influences the life of their significant other. More specifically, the effect a partner has on another's career and overall occupational status. In the past, less research had been done to observe the effects of spousal education and status position on one another because it had been assumed that the wife would adopt the husband’s status. Over the past few decades, however, opportunity for women in the workplace has increased dramatically giving them a larger role in overall family income and status. Women's expanded role has brought about many changes in the opportunities for families.
Time use and productivity.
Partners often face time budget problems when both are working full time. Therefore, partners have to devise a plan to balance between paid and unpaid work. Unpaid work includes domestic work around the house, such as cooking and cleaning. Couples must decide how much time each person will spend in the labor force and how much time they will spend doing domestic work. Most often this decision is weighed by comparative advantage. While this is often the most productive way to reach a balance in time, it generally places women in the domestic work and men in the labor market.
Career opportunities.
There are two possibilities that influence a partner’s career opportunities.
The first possibility is that the spouse will positively effect on the other's career. This often happens when one can use their partner’s social network to better themselves in the labor market. Research has also found that married men tend to make more money and increase wages at a faster rate versus single men. Research suggests that when a man gains a new partner, he loses some of the domestic responsibilities and can put forth more energy toward his job. This gain in ability can be seen as a positive partner effect on a career opportunity.
The second possibility of a partner’s influence on a career opportunity is a negative effect. This means that by obtaining a spouse, one of the partners is now restricted in the labor force. This negative influence can be seen in the economic theory of comparative advantage. If it is more efficient for the husband to work in the labor force full-time and the wife to work at home full-time, it can be viewed as a negative effect on the wife’s career. Another example of a partner’s negative impact on career opportunity is when the family must move because of a job change. This is a common occurrence and can ultimately decrease the opportunities for career advancement in the new area. On the contrary, in some circumstances it can positively effect the partner and broaden their career outlook.
Labor effects on health.
When viewing the effects of labor on health, one would assume that with more earnings, more can purchase advanced health care. While this statement is true, there can also be other factors that affect the health care of workers and their spouses. Studies have shown that there can actually be a negative effect on people when their spouses work excessive amounts. According to Ross Stolzenberg, when a man’s wife works more than forty hours a week it shows largely negative affects on the husband. Strangely, women’s health on the other hand is generally not affected by the amount of hours their husband works.

</doc>
<doc id="20246896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246896" title="School transitions">
School transitions

School transitions are the conversions students go through as they change schools throughout their lives. These transitions play a major role in the development of young people’s decisions and serve as a milestone which can direct them in a number of ways. There are two main types of school transitions: normative school transitions and non-normative school transitions or transfers.
Normative school transitions.
Normative school transitions refer to the transitions of students from elementary school to middle school and from middle school to high school. As each transition occurs, the student generally undergoes many different changes. These changes can be anything from an increase in the size of the school, to the change in friends that one meets. Every student adapts to normative transitions differently and there are a multitude of things that influence how easily or poorly they adapt. Race, gender, location, age, and academic ability all affect the transition. According to Karen Könings from Maastricht University, the expectations students have when arriving to a new school are widely influential to how they will perform. Often it is among the first few weeks that students build the relationships and networks that collectively form these expectations.
Non-normative school transitions/transfers.
School transfers refer to any transition in schooling when a child is moved from one school to another between normative transfers. These transitions are less common than normative school transitions but still happen fairly often. Often people end up making non-normative school transitions by participating in what is called the school choice program. This is a policy used by some school systems that spend public funds to give parents and students more of a say in their education. School choice often gives participants a variety of different types of schools to choose from including different charter schools, magnet programs, and tax credits for private schools. While choice schooling has seemed to cause a large increase in scores for private schooling, its effects on public schools tends to show less improvement. Some believe that these problems in the public schools are actually a sign of increasing inequality. While choice schooling has made it both financially and institutionally easier for people to choose where they would like to attend school, many of the lower class families don’t have the resources to send their children to the farther away magnet schools or private schools. In most cases, the lower class parents send their children to the nearest school because there is a bus to pick them up. The wealthier families on the other hand tend to take advantage of the choice program and are able to attend the private schools and higher-rated public schools outside of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="20246914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246914" title="Jean-Louis Tourenne">
Jean-Louis Tourenne

Jean Louis Tourenne (born 1944 in La Mézière) is a French politician and the current President of the general council of Ille-et-Vilaine. He is a member of the Socialist Party. 
He became the first PS President of the general council of Ille-et-Vilaine since 1848 following the French cantonal elections, 2004, when the left gained the department from the right. He was reelected in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20246927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246927" title="New Konya Stadium">
New Konya Stadium

New Konya Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Konya, Turkey. It is part of complex of sports venues that are planned on the outskirts of the city, as part of the Konya Olympic Village. It will effectively replace the ageing Konya Atatürk Stadium, which has been in use since the early 1950s. The stadium will have a capacity of nearly 42.276 people (all-seated) and will be totally covered.
Mayor of Konya city, Mr. Tahir Akyürek said they will start the construction in the second half of 2012. The average construction time is planned between 20 months. The project deadline is planned for end of 2014.
Green-white soccer ball-shaped stadium capacity will have 42.276 capacity. "The new stadium will take place inside the Olympic Village. Here will be, the stadium, as well as sports hall (with a capacity of 10.000), veledrom, swimming pool, large sports parks, hiking areas, 100 thousand square-meter parking, large fields for the amateur sports clubs, training grounds, sports hotels and small commercial businesses constructed".
The stadium will be located in the main district Selçuklu of Konya.
Alternative UEFA EURO 2020 Project.
This is a stadium reconstruction project in Konya by Turkish Football Federation for the UEFA Euro 2020. The projected EURO 2020 Stadium meets all requirements of UEFA and will be a part of an ensemble with a brand new multi-sports hall, an athletic stadium, a velodrome and different multi sports areas. The stadium and the Sports Park are located on a 40 hectare spot 8 km in the north of the city centre, projected by the authorities as a sports and recreation area and surrounded by a new residential area that is still under construction.
The design of the new stadium is a tribute to the Konya region, its history, its traditions and its locals, an allegory of the dance of the Derwishes and also Konya’s reputation as a “Cycling City”. While the undulation of the round shaped tribunes are transforming the dance of Derwishes into a new dimension, the roof is designed as a “Spoke Wheel”. Especially during evening events the combination of these elements create an inimitable sign symbolizing the city of Konya.
The semi transparent screen façade renders the characteristic conic shape and allows laser shows and the projection of images from outside and the inside as well.
The stadium is designed as a one-tier-stadium with a formidable east and west stand – both have more than 60 rows – and will achieve a great atmosphere for the spectators, for instance the fantastic view for the VIP and the media from the west to the east stand. Furthermore, the multifunctional prepared stadium will have fitness and physiotherapy centre available and shops as well. The VIP club will be used also as a public restaurant and a rentable event location. Also the design of the north and south stands allow the extension with exclusive lounge satellites and sky gardens.
As part of the accommodation concept in Konya, the Sports Park will contain several apartment buildings that will be used after the UEFA EURO 2020 as dormitories and residential houses as well. Beyond that, the ecological sustainability of the stadium building will be achieved by innovative integrated measures that will effect in symbiosis long lasting benefits for the stadium operator. This measures include an integrated sun protection by a screen façade helping to minimise the need of air conditioning, a grey water use for toilets and natural green (dual water supply + rainwater) to reduce potable water use by 50%+ and the use of recyclable and low energy building materials. Furthermore, a permanent use of local high efficient cogeneration energy supply for the stadium and the residential area around is scheduled to increase the efficiency of energy production from 60% to 95% - only emergency power supply will be guaranteed by general power grid. Last but not least roof mounted solar panels will save ecological resources and reduce energy costs.

</doc>
<doc id="20246989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246989" title="Robert Christian Avé-Lallemant">
Robert Christian Avé-Lallemant

Robert Christian Barthold Avé-Lallemant (July 25, 1812 – October 10, 1884) was a German physician and explorer who was a native of Lübeck. He was a brother to criminologist Friedrich Christian Benedict Avé-Lallemant (1809–1892) and music critic Theodore Avé-Lallemant (1806–1890).
He earned his medical doctorate from the University of Kiel, and in 1836 relocated to Brazil, where he subsequently became director of a sanatorium for yellow fever patients in Rio de Janeiro. In 1855 he returned to Germany, and enlisted as ship's doctor for the Austrian Novara expedition with a special recommendation from Alexander von Humboldt. After the SMS Novara had crossed the Atlantic Ocean to South America in 1857, Avé-Lallemant disembarked in Rio de Janeiro, leaving the expedition. Here he found work as a physician at the "Fremdenhospital", but soon afterwards began scientific exploration of the country's interior. During his second time in Brazil. he spent approximately two years performing extensive exploration of the country, having the support of Emperor Dom Pedro.
In 1859 he returned to Lübeck, where he practiced medicine and became the author of numerous books. He published several books on his experiences in Brazil, including two major works; "Reise durch Süd-Brasilien im Jahre 1858" (Journey through Southern Brazil in 1858) and "Reise durch Nord-Brasilien im Jahre 1859" (Journey through Northern Brazil in 1859). In 1882 he published a book on the life of 17th century polymath Joachim Jungius, titled "Das Leben des Dr. med. Joachim Jungius 1587-1657".

</doc>
<doc id="20246999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20246999" title="Rhys Thomas (juggler)">
Rhys Thomas (juggler)

Rhys Thomas is a juggler, comedian and entertainer in the Pacific Northwest of the United States. He has been performing publicly since 1987. His performance style is one characterized by jokes and puns accompanied by visual tricks and stunts. He performs at schools, churches, libraries and pirate festivals.
Rhys grew up in Crow, Oregon. He taught himself to walk on a cable strung between two trees above a pond.
As a juggler, Rhys has appeared in the European Juggling Competition in Denmark, twice at the World Cup Street Performer Competition in Japan and as an artist-in-residence at the Smithsonian Institution. He has also appeared as far afield as the island of Tobago and unicycled on a frozen sea near the Bering Strait.
Rhys also helped found the Portland Juggling Festival, and has appeared in many of its juggling and vaudeville extravaganzas. His official website is Jugglemania.

</doc>
<doc id="20247012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247012" title="Black Stone (disambiguation)">
Black Stone (disambiguation)

The Black Stone is a Muslim object of reverence.
Black Stone may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20247089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247089" title="Mike Curtis (Alabama politician)">
Mike Curtis (Alabama politician)

Mike Curtis is a Democratic member of the Alabama House of Representatives, representing the 2nd District since 2006. The district includes part of Lauderdale County.
Biography.
Mike Curtis graduated from Rogers High School, Greenhill, Alabama in 1973 and graduated from the University of North Alabama in Florence in 1977. In 1998, Representative Curtis graduated the County Commission College. He is currently an agent with Horace Mann Insurance.
He served on the Lauderdale County Commission from 1996 until 2006.
Among Representative Curtis' civic activities; Volunteer Coach for Alabama Special Olympics and Advisory Board for Shoals Special Olympics, Player Host for the Harlon Hill Trophy, Board of Directors for the Division II Hall of Fame, Board member of the Retired Senior Volunteer Program (RSVP), Member of Lauderdale County Career Technical Advisory Committee, Board of Directors of the Shoals National Championship Committee, Member 2002-2003 Public Works & Rural Transportation Steering Committee Association of County Commissioners, Former Member a Board of Trustees of the Association of County Commissions of Alabama liability Self-Insurance Fund,
Board of Directors of 911, and Board of Directors of Association of County Commissions of Alabama
Representative Curtis is married to Janice Curtis, who is a special education teacher at Rogers High School. They have twin daughters, Britney and Mellany, and a son, Bryce. Additionally, Representative Curtis has two son-in-laws; Luke Underwood and Kane Lancaster, as well as five grandsons; Brodie, Maddox, Carter,Brenton and Tripp.
Representative Curtis is a member of Atlas Church of Christ.
Election 2006.
In 2006, Mike Curtis of Greenhill was the sole Democrat to challenge Republican State Representative Lynn Greer of Rogersville. Greer was the first Republican to win an elected public office in Lauderdale County, Alabama. Greer chose to retire rather than face a sure-to-be-grueling contest against the popular County Commissioner Curtis. The first and only Republican to qualify to face Curtis was a used car salesman from Rogersville, Packey Grisham. However, months after qualifying ended, Grisham dropped out of the race leaving only Curtis to seek the state House seat. Within weeks, the county GOP nominated Mary Pettus, also of Greenhill, to face Curtis in the general election. Pettus was the Democratic nominee for the House seat in 2002; she was defeated by Republican Lynn Greer. In the 2006 race, Curtis easily defeated Pettus and is currently serving as the State Representative for Lauderdale County District 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20247136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247136" title="Luella High School">
Luella High School

Luella High School is a public institution within the Henry County School System in Locust Grove, Georgia, and hosts students from ninth through twelfth grades. Current enrollment is around 2,200 students. Luella High School shares facilities with Luella Elementary School and Luella Middle School.
How Luella got its name.
Luella High School is located right outside of the un-incorporated city of Luella. It sits right off of Hwy 155, which runs parallel with a set of railroad tracks. In the small towns beginnings there used to be two sisters, one named Lou and the other Ella, who rode a train to their train station. As the conductor got to know them he would remind them where their stop was by saying "Lou, Ella Here's your stop." The town became Luella, and the county adopted it for the schools name.
Luella on the Local News.
As the graduating class of 2013 concluded their graduation ceremony, the Salutatorian, Parker Pitisci, gave an inspirational speech along with a hip-hop dance choreography to Macklemore’s song, “Can’t Hold Us”. Parker’s enthusiasm for dance was demonstrated as his performance got his Class of 2013, as well as the teachers and faculty, off of their feet and clapping for such a fun and entertaining show. After, a video footage was posted on YouTube showing Parker’s performance on his YouTube channel, Bboy Darkick. Parker Pitisci’s (AKA Bboy Darkick ) video instantly went locally viral with over 8,000 views in just a few days. Many news stations, such as 11Alive and Georgia Public Broadcasting, and newspapers, such as the Henry Neighbor Newspaper, have interviewed Parker and have asked him to perform LIVE. Ever since his performance, Luella High School has gotten credit for being unique and distinctly different from other high schools–everything from actively supporting advanced education and the arts of all types.
Clubs and activities.
Luella High School is host to 50 clubs & activities [http://schoolwires.henry.k12.ga.us/lhs/site/Directory_List.asp?byType=50]

</doc>
<doc id="20247173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247173" title="Canton of Rennes-Brequigny">
Canton of Rennes-Brequigny

The Canton of Rennes-Brequigny is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine "département", located in the south of Rennes.
The canton contains the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20247194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247194" title="Blackstones">
Blackstones

Blackstones or Blackstone's may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20247204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247204" title="Canton of Rennes-Centre">
Canton of Rennes-Centre

The Canton of Rennes-Centre is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine "département", located in the south of Rennes.
The canton contains the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20247230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247230" title="Kenny Malone">
Kenny Malone

Kenny Malone is an American drummer/percussionist from Nashville, Tennessee. He has been, since the 1970s, and continues to be a prominent session musician in folk, country and many other acoustic-based genres.

</doc>
<doc id="20247234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247234" title="Canton of Rennes-Centre-Ouest">
Canton of Rennes-Centre-Ouest

The Canton of Rennes-Centre-Ouest is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine "département", located in Rennes.
The canton contains the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20247246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247246" title="International Technical Committee for the Prevention and Extinction of Fire">
International Technical Committee for the Prevention and Extinction of Fire

The International Technical Committee for the Prevention and Extinction of Fire ( is the international association of fire and rescue services.
Established in 1900 the organization has at present 48 member countries and 46 associate members.

</doc>
<doc id="20247285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247285" title="Sib Sankar Roy">
Sib Sankar Roy

Sibsankar Arabinda Roy (born 10 October 1990) is an Indian cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who plays for Assam. He was born in Guwahati.
Roy began his cricketing career in the youth ranks of Assam, in the 2001-02 National Under-14s tournament, aged just eleven. He moved up to the Under-15s team the following year, for whom he played for two consecutive seasons.
Roy started 2004-05 with the Under-19s team before moving to the Under-17s, moving back to the Under-19s in 2005-06. Roy maintained his position in the Under-19s in 2006-07, and played a couple of games for the Under-22s in 2007-08, before making his step up to the first team.
Roy made his List A debut for Assam in the 2007-08 Vijay Hazare Trophy, scoring 35 runs in a narrow defeat. Roy made two further appearances in the 2007-08 List A competition. Roy's first-class debut followed the following season, making his debut in the second round of fixtures, against Tripura in the Ranji Trophy.
Roy is an opening batsman.

</doc>
<doc id="20247286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247286" title="Canton of Rennes-Centre-Sud">
Canton of Rennes-Centre-Sud

The Canton of Rennes-Centre-Sud is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine "département", located in Rennes.
The canton contains the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20247295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247295" title="Garside element">
Garside element

In mathematics, a Garside element is an element of an algebraic structure such as a monoid that has several desirable properties.
Formally, if "M" is a monoid, then an element Δ of "M" is said to be a Garside element if the set of all right divisors of Δ,
is the same set as the set of all left divisors of Δ,
and this set generates "M".
A Garside element is in general not unique: any power of a Garside element is again a Garside element.
Garside monoid and Garside group.
A Garside monoid is a monoid with the following properties:
A Garside monoid satisfies the Ore condition for multiplicative sets and hence embeds in its group of fractions: such a group is a Garside group. A Garside group is biautomatic and hence has soluble word problem and conjugacy problem. Examples of such groups include braid groups and, more generally, Artin groups of finite Coxeter type.
The name was coined by Dehornoy and Paris to mark the work of F. A. Garside on the conjugacy problem for braid groups.

</doc>
<doc id="20247314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247314" title="Canton of Rennes-Est">
Canton of Rennes-Est

The Canton of Rennes-Est is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine "département", located in Rennes.
The canton contains the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20247325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247325" title="Emma O'Driscoll">
Emma O'Driscoll

Emma Louise O'Driscoll (born 23 March 1982 in Limerick, Ireland) is a former Irish pop star, turned children's television presenter and reality television personality. She rose to fame in the 2001–2002 RTÉ One television series "Popstars", in which she was selected as a member of the band Six. After the band's swift demise, O'Driscoll replaced Mary Kingston as presenter of the morning show, The Disney Club. She has also starred in the RTÉ reality television shows, "Charity 252" (in which she was runner-up), "Celebrity Bainisteoir" and "Celebrity Jigs 'n' Reels", and made appearances on "The Cafe" and "Dustin's Daily News".
Early life.
O'Driscoll was born in Limerick and raised there alongside her two sisters, Julie and Georgina and her brother, Stephen. She developed an early interest in song and dance. She has received a "Blue Peter" Badge and has won hip hop and freestyling championship titles in Ireland and Europe. Whilst attending the Presentation Secondary School in Sexton Street, Limerick, she began her initial move to enter "Popstars". She spent her spare time in the Dominican Choir and the Bunratty Castle Singers, learning her dance skills at Shape Dancing School and as a member of the Limerick dance troupe, High Voltage. She initially wished to be a primary school teacher before she discovered she had been chosen as a member of Six. Her interest in teaching led to her working as a Special Needs Assistant in Our Lady Queen of Peace National School.
Career.
Six membership.
Her first show as a member of Six was at the ChildLine Concert in the Point Theatre, Dublin, where she performed in front of 8000 people. Six released two multi-platinum selling singles, both of which reached #1 in the Irish Singles Chart, and also had a top five album in Ireland. Their first single, "Whole Lot of Loving" is still the fastest-selling single in Irish musical history. Six did an arena tour with Westlife in England, playing a total of sixty-six shows, and two nationwide tours of Ireland.
Television career.
O'Driscoll was one of seven celebrities who took part in the reality series, "Charity 252", performed for the People in Need Telethon in May 2004. They were gifted a radio station to run 14 hours per day, with cameras watching their every move, and their progress was shown each night for a week on RTÉ Network 2. She initially turned down the offer of partaking in the reality television show. The series earned her a radio slot, co-hosting the breakfast show on Live 95FM. During the Christmas period, O'Driscoll played herself in the pantomime "Snow White" in the University Concert Hall in Limerick. In 2006, O'Driscoll featured in "Celebrity Jigs 'n' Reels". Her time in children's television has seen her present "The Disney Club" and "Den Tots". In 2009, O'Driscoll participated in RTE's reality sports show Celebrity Bainisteoir. She bought her team to the semi-finals of the competition. In 2010, she appeared as a Guest Judge on "The All Ireland Talent Show", with John Creedon for the South's regional auditions round.
Appearance on a stamp.
Marking RTÉ's 50th anniversary in 2011, O'Driscoll appeared on a postage stamp, part of a set of three that also featured Gay Byrne and Anne Doyle.

</doc>
<doc id="20247328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247328" title="Canton of Rennes-le-Blosne">
Canton of Rennes-le-Blosne

The Canton of Rennes-le-Blosne is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine "département", located in Rennes.
The canton contains the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20247332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247332" title="Football at the 2005 West Asian Games">
Football at the 2005 West Asian Games

The 2005 West Asian Games was the third West Asian Games, an international tournament for West Asian countries and territories. It was hosted by Doha, Qatar. Iraq were the champions when they beat Syria on penalties.
Results.
Knockout stage.
Semi-finals.
Iraq, Iran and Syria qualified as Groups winner, a toss between Qatar and Saudi Arabia decided on the 'best' runners-up also qualifying for the semifinals; Saudi Arabia won.

</doc>
<doc id="20247346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247346" title="Canton of Rennes-Nord">
Canton of Rennes-Nord

The Canton of Rennes-Nord is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine "département", located in Rennes, Brittany.
The canton contains the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20247355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247355" title="Last Days of Humanity">
Last Days of Humanity

Last Days of Humanity is a goregrind band from Netherlands, which was active from 1989 until 2006, and reformed in 2010. Their music is known for its technicality, with regards to drummer Marc Palmen. They also show notable elements of noisegrind in later records, such as the split with Lymphatic Phlegm in 2004, the 2005 release "In Advanced Haemorrhaging Conditions" and the highly acclaimed 2006 LP "Putrefaction in Progress".
History.
Erwin de Wit and Hans Smits often came together in Soos Plock, where they socialised and saw bands like Blood, Agathocles, Dreft and other bands who were into grindcore/noisecore at that time. It also was the heyday of some other underground bands such as Fear of God, Napalm Death, Sore Throat, Anal Cunt, and 7 Minutes of Nausea. These bands inspired them to go and start their own grind/noise band.
Erwin was in a grindcore band called Fatal Error prior to joining Last Days of Humanity. When Erwin organised a gig with Drudge, Agathocles and some other bands on December 30, 1989, in Plock, he saw the opportunity to add their own noise project to the bill, and Last Days of Humanity was born.
Last Days of Humanity at this time consisted of only two vocalists (Erwin and Hans). Their music was originally crafted by using by two screaming voices that were deformed by a pitch shifter intended for guitar. In 1990, a more traditional band setup was formed when the first real gig of Last Days of Humanity was planned. They were scheduled to play on October 6, 1990, together with Fatal Error at Soos Plock.
In 1993, the band went into the studio to record their second demo. In 1996, they got their first record deal. Afterwards, they booked 2 studio days to record their first album. After one day recording they only recorded approximately 12 minutes of music. Their label then informed the band that they had to come up with 18 additional minutes of new material in 24 hours, or the album would not be released. After this dispute, they quickly moved to Bones Brigade. The band split up in 2006.
Bones Brigade announced that Last Days of Humanity officially reformed. The band appeared at Bloodshed Fest 2010 at the Dynamo club in Eindhoven, Netherlands, Maryland Deathfest 2011 at Sonar in Baltimore, and toured the United Kingdom in December 2011. They also appeared at Hellfest 2011 in Clisson, France, and Obscene Extreme 2011 in Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20247371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247371" title="Last Chance to Reason">
Last Chance to Reason

Last Chance to Reason is an American metal band from Augusta, Maine. Their debut album, "Lvl. 1", was released through Tribunal Records in 2007. Their first major label debut, "Level 2", came in 2011 through Prosthetic Records. The band's third studio album, "Level 3", was released on August 6, 2013.
History.
Early years and first EP (2004−2007).
Last Chance to Reason toured throughout 2005,2006 and 2007 supporting their first EP. Shows with Unearth, The Autumn Offering and As I Lay Dying helped their fan base grow. Several DIY tours and show trading helped LCTR become a staple of the central Maine metal scene. During these times the band experienced several lineup changes. It was also during this time that the band released their first music video for their song "SBTBATAC", filmed and edited by award winning director Kevin James Custer.
"Lvl. 1" and lineup changes (2007-2009).
2007 saw the group's first major lineup change with the departure of guitarist Dustin Boudreau, vocalist Mike Levenseller and the arrival of Bob Delaney. Delaney, a staple of the Maine music scene, became the vocalist for the band's first LP release, Lvl. 1, and would stay with the band until 2008. This also marked a change in style for the band,moving from mathcore to a more progressive based sound. Lvl. 1 was recorded, mixed and mastered by Jamie King in North Carolina and released by Tribunal Records in August 2007. Influences from video games to King Crimson saw the band take on new song structures and melodies. Touring for Lvl. 1 was intense and almost non-stop. Tours with Look What I Did and Car Bomb helped the bands fan base grow even larger.
"Level 2" and label signing (2009-Present).
Writing for Level 2 began in late 2007 with drummer Evan Sammons and guitarist A.J. Harvey writing and recording a basic demos of the record. In September 2008 it was announced that Mike Lessard would be taking over vocal duties and Delaney would no longer be in the band, the departure was seen as amicable for both parties involved. With the vocal situation settled the band began to focus on recruiting a second guitarist, this spot would be filled by Evan Haines. However Haines would eventually be replaced by long time friend Tom Waterhouse in the summer of 2010. After writing for Level 2 was complete,the band recruited friend and original producer of Lvl 1, Jamie King, to record the album in North Carolina. The drums and vocals were recorded entirely with King, while guitar, bass, and keyboards were recorded by the band at their Mother Brain studios in central Maine. The album was edited, mixed and mastered by King and released on April 12, 2011 through Prosthetic Records. Guitarist Thomas Waterhouse and keyboardist Brian Palmer left the band in early August 2011 during a tour of America, reducing the line-up to four again, before recruiting Mike Abdow as a replacement for Waterhouse.
"Level 3" (2013).
Last Chance to Reason announced their third album, "Level 3", via their Facebook page on June 20, 2013. The album was released through Prosthetic Records on August 6, 2013. The band had previously said that Level 3 would be a concept album like Level 2. The next day, the band released the first single and music video entitled "The Escapist". They also announced that they be touring from July–August in support of the album, with Evan Brewer supporting them on the tour. As well as this, it was announced that Robby Baca of The Contortionist would be filling on guitars in place of AJ Harvey and Mike Abdow, who left the band shortly after the completion of Level 3.
On June 21, 2013, Mike Lessard announced that he would now be the full-time vocalist for The Contortionist and that Last Chance To Reason would become a side project, as the band had come to a standstill after the completion of Level 3. He stated that discussions had already begun between him and Robby Baca regarding The Contortionist's third album and that he would be flying back with Robby to Indianapolis after Last Chance To Reason's North American tour to begin writing the album.

</doc>
<doc id="20247374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247374" title="Canton of Rennes-Nord-Est">
Canton of Rennes-Nord-Est

The Canton of Rennes-Nord-Est is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine "département", located in Rennes.
The canton contains the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20247397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247397" title="Uncial 0196">
Uncial 0196

Uncial 0196 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 9th century.
Description.
The codex contains small parts of Matthew 5:1-11 and Luke 24:26-33, on two parchment leaves (18.5 cm by 14 cm), and is written in one column per page, 19 lines per page, in uncial letters. It is a palimpsest, the lower text is in Syriac, written in estrangela.
The textual character of this codex is unknown. Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
History.
According to Hatch the manuscript was written by Egyptian or Palestinian hand.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
The manuscript was discovered in 1929 by Hatch. Ernst von Dobschütz designated it by 0196.
The codex formerly was housed at the National Museum of Damascus. The manuscript is not accessible.

</doc>
<doc id="20247400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247400" title="Canton of Rennes-Nord-Ouest">
Canton of Rennes-Nord-Ouest

The Canton of Rennes-Nord-Est is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine "département", located in Rennes.
The canton contains the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20247433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247433" title="Canton of Rennes-Sud-Est">
Canton of Rennes-Sud-Est

The Canton of Rennes-Sud-Est is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine "département", located in Rennes.
The canton contains the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20247448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247448" title="Rahul Chikhalkar">
Rahul Chikhalkar

Rahul Chikhalkar (born 5 November 1983) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who plays for Vidarbha. He was born in Amravati.
Chikhalkar made his cricketing debut for Vidarbha's Under-22s team during the 2003-04 season, though, following these appearances, he was not to make another appearance in a cricket match until 2008-09.
Chikhalkar made his first-class debut for Vidarbha against Services in November 2008. He scored 3 runs in the first innings and 2 runs in the second, the latter innings seeing Faid Fazal score an unbeaten double-century.

</doc>
<doc id="20247456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247456" title="Canton of Rennes-Sud-Ouest">
Canton of Rennes-Sud-Ouest

The Canton of Rennes-Sud-Est is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine "département", located in Rennes.
The canton contains the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20247576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247576" title="The Hathaways">
The Hathaways

The Hathaways is a 26-episode situation comedy which aired on ABC from October 6, 1961, to March 30, 1962, starring Peggy Cass and Jack Weston as suburban Los Angeles "parents" to a trio of performing chimpanzees. Weston portrays Walter Hathaway, a real estate agent. Cass is his wife Elinore, the "mother" and booking agent to the Marquis Chimps, named Candy, Charlie, and Enoch. The chimps had earlier appeared on CBS's "The Ed Sullivan Show" and did some commercials in 1960.
Supporting roles were filled by character actress Mary Grace Canfield as Mrs. Amanda Allison, a housekeeper; Barbara Perry as Elinore's friend and neighbor, Thelma Brockwood, and Harvey Lembeck as Jerry Roper, the theatrical agent of the chimps, Another neighbor, Mrs. Harrison was played by Belle Montrose, the mother of comedian Steve Allen.
The premiere episode is entitled "Love Thy Neighbor": the Brockwoods decide to purchase the house next door despite reservations about the chimps being their neighbors too. Joe Flynn, guest-starred as Freddie Winkler in the third episode "Walter Takes a Partner", which aired on October 20. Vaughn Taylor played a veterinarian Dr. Dorsey in "Candy's Tonsils" (November 10). Robert Q. Lewis portrayed Barney Holt in "TV or Not TV" on (November 24). Other episodes were entitled "The Hathaways Sleep Out", "Grandma's Lamp", "TV or Not TV", "The Practical Joker", "Help Wanted", "The Shrewd Trader", "A Man for Amanda", and the series finale, "Elinore's Best Friend".
Ratings for the Screen Gems series were so low that ABC had largely to self-sponsor the program (although the series was sponsored on alternate weeks, throughout most of the season, by Ralston-Purina). The writers included Tom Adair and James B. Allardice; story consultants were Hugh Wedlock and Howard Snyder, who co-wrote the premiere episode with Dick Wesson. Some of the directing was handled by Richard Kinon. The series followed another short-lived ABC series, "Straightaway" starring John Ashley and Brian Kelly as race-car enthusiasts. It preceded the popular cartoon series "The Flintstones". Its principal competition was the Clint Eastwood western series "Rawhide" on CBS.
Despite the lack of television success, "The Hathaways" produced a comic book of the chimpanzees in 1962.
Reception.
Later-day television critics Castleman and Podrazik (1982) have called "The Hathaways" "possibly the worst series ever to air on network TV", criticizing the production, scripts, acting, the "utterly degrading" premise, and the overall "total worthlessness" of the program.

</doc>
<doc id="20247604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247604" title="Minuscule 19">
Minuscule 19

Minuscule 19 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A214 (Von Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 387 parchment leaves, dated palaeographically to the 12th-century. It has complex contents and marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels on 387 thick parchment leaves (). The order of books is unusual: John, Matthew, Luke, and Mark. The same order appears in Minuscule 427, 734, Tertullian, and Chrysostom.
The biblical text is surrounded by a catena. In Mark it has Victor's commentary, in John Chrysostomos's commentary. The large initial letters are in red.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numerals are given at the margin, with the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top and foot of the pages (with the harmony). There is also a division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections, with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, and subscriptions at the end of each Gospel. 
It has the commentary of Victor in Mark, catena of Chrysostomos in John, and scholia to the other Gospels.
Text.
Kurt Aland did not place the Greek text of the codex in any Category.
It was not examined by using the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
The manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 12th-century.
Formerly the codex was in the hands of Catherine de' Medici. It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Wettstein (19). It was examined by Scholz. 
C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 189) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20247683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247683" title="Victor Child">
Victor Child

Victor Llewellyn Child (1897–1960) was a Canadian painter, etcher and newspaper illustrator. A senior pen-and-ink commercial artist at the "Toronto Telegram" for much of his professional career, in private life he produced landscapes and portraits in watercolours and oils.
Victor Child was born in Palmerston, Ontario, and studied first in Toronto at the Ontario College of Art under George Agnew Reid, Charles Macdonald Manley (Manly) and John William Beatty, and later in London at Heatherley's. While in England during the First World War he served with the Royal Flying Corps. In 1920 he joined the Canadian Society of Graphic Art, exhibiting his etchings and illustration drawings with the society in 1925–1927 and 1931–1933 at the Art Gallery of Toronto.
The prominent Toronto printing firm Rous and Mann commissioned his work in 1927 for its Canadian Artists' series Christmas cards in company with distinguished painters such as Casson, Harris and Varley. Victor Child was again among these artists when in 1934 he donated work for the André Lapine Benefit exhibition chaired by Sir Wyly Grier. During the 1920s and '30s he was on staff at the "Mail & Empire" and "Star Weekly" newspapers in Toronto as an illustrator. He married portrait painter Marjorie Thompson in 1928. Later, in 1940, he joined the "Telegram" and worked there until his death.
Child was a decidedly conservative artist. He illustrated religious subjects for the Salvation Army and the Anglican Church of Canada and worked on instructional materials for the Toronto Board of Education. For their annual shows in 1946 and 1947 he exhibited canvases with the Ontario Society of Artists. 
Perhaps the most significant moment in Canadian art history that involved Child's paintings occurred in 1959 when his work was featured in the exhibition "Points of View," organized by Clare Bice, curator of the Public Library and Art Museum in London, Ontario. At this show, visitors saw the work of the traditionalist/realist Ontario Institute of Painters, of which Child was a founding member in 1958, hung beside paintings by the Canadian modernist abstract group Painters Eleven. Crowds of art enthusiasts, especially at Hart House in Toronto were large. As a popularity contest in critical opinion it was perhaps a draw, but the fame of the abstract artists soon far eclipsed that of the realists. Victor Child died in Toronto on July 12 of the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="20247773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247773" title="Ibipinabant">
Ibipinabant

Ibipinabant (SLV319, BMS-646,256) is a drug used in scientific research which acts as a potent and highly selective CB1 antagonist. It has potent anorectic effects in animals, and was researched for the treatment of obesity, although CB1 antagonists as a class have now fallen out of favour as potential anorectics following the problems seen with rimonabant, and so ibipinabant is now only used for laboratory research, especially structure-activity relationship studies into novel CB1 antagonists.

</doc>
<doc id="20247780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247780" title="Coverdale, New Brunswick">
Coverdale, New Brunswick

Coverdale is an unincorporated community Between Riverview, New Brunswick and Boundary Creek, New Brunswick in Coverdale Parish. It is located East of the Petitcodiac River. It runs mainly along Hwy 112.

</doc>
<doc id="20247808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247808" title="Gregory Fiennes, 10th Baron Dacre">
Gregory Fiennes, 10th Baron Dacre

Gregory Fiennes, 10th Baron Dacre (25 June 1539, Hurstmonceaux, Sussex – 25 December 1594, Chelsea, Middlesex, England) was an English courtier.
He was the son of Thomas Fiennes, 9th Baron Dacre (c. 1515-1541) and Mary Neville. His father was convicted of the murder of a gamekeeper and hanged like a common criminal at Tyburn in 1541, and the aftermath the family was stripped of its lands and titles by Henry VIII.
In the following years, his mother battled to have the properties restored on behalf of her children, and on her ascension in 1558 Queen Elizabeth restored the title of Baron Dacre to Gregory, his elder brother Thomas having died of the plague at age 15.
In 1565, he married Anne Sackville, daughter of Sir Richard Sackville and Winifred Brydges. They had one daughter, Elizabeth, who died young. Fiennes, his wife, and daughter, are buried at Chelsea Old Church within a magnificent marble tomb.
Gregory Fiennes is a sitter with his mother in a significant portrait by Hans Eworth. He was succeeded by his sister Margaret Fiennes, 11th Baroness Dacre.

</doc>
<doc id="20247813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247813" title="Cynosphenodon">
Cynosphenodon

Cynosphenodon ( ; "Dog Sphenodontian") is an extinct genus of the family Sphenodontidae from the Middle Jurassic La Boca Formation of Tamaulipas, Mexico. Growth patterns in the teeth of "Cynosphenodon" suggest its close relationship with the modern tuatara.

</doc>
<doc id="20247844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247844" title="Dumfries, New Brunswick">
Dumfries, New Brunswick

Dumfries is an unincorporated community in York County, New Brunswick, Canada.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20247850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247850" title="Masaaki Kimura">
Masaaki Kimura

Masaaki Kimura (木村政昭, November 6, 1940, Yokohama - ) is a Professor Emeritus from the Faculty of Science of the University of the Ryukyus, Okinawa, Japan. Some of his theories, such as the location of the ancient Yamatai Kingdom, the theory for earthquake prediction and the interpretation of the Yonaguni Monument, are controversial.
Biography.
Masaaki Kimura graduated in science at the Faculty of Fisheries of the University of Tokyo (1963) and obtained a Doctorate in marine geology (1968). He has worked for the University of Tokyo's Ocean Research Institute, the Geological Survey of Japan, the Agency of Industrial Science and Technology of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry of Japan, and Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory. He taught at the University of the Ryukus from 1977 to 2002. He has since retired from that University and is now
general director of Marine Science and Culture Heritage Research Association.
Research.
His specialties are marine geology, geophysics, seismology, volcanology, and marine archaeology. He has extensively researched the formation of the Okinawa Trough, and claimed to have predicted the volcanic eruptions in Miyake Island (1983), Izu Ōshima (1986), and Mount Unzen (1991). 
Apart from his geological research, Kimura is best known to the world for his exploration of underwater structures which he claims are ruins of an ancient civilization. These structures were identified by local divers in 1988. In 1992 he studied the so-called Yonaguni Monument and other formations off the coast of Yonaguni, the westernmost of the Ryukyus, on which he has become the leading expert. In a report given to the 21st Pacific Science Congress in 2007 he suggested that it had been built 2,000 to 3,000 years ago as the sea level then was close to current levels.

</doc>
<doc id="20247878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247878" title="Earl Smith (coach)">
Earl Smith (coach)

Norman Earl Smith (May 27, 1917 – August 5, 2012) was an American coach of many sports at Campbell University and also a basketball and baseball coach at East Carolina University. Born in Micro, North Carolina, Smith attended East Carolina and participated in baseball, basketball, and football from his sophomore year through his senior year. He resided in Fayetteville, North Carolina unil his death on August 5, 2012. 
He graduated in 1939 and later became a football, basketball, baseball, tennis and cross country coach at Campbell University. Under Smith's guidance, Campbell won three straight North Carolina Junior College football championships (1946–48). He also led the 1948–49 and 1951–52 basketball teams an overall record of 29–20 including the junior college national tournament in Hutchinson, Kansas.
In 1959 Smith returned to ECU to become head coach of the Pirates basketball team. He led the team to a record of 53–40 in his four years of coaching. In 1963, after finishing his basketball coaching career, Smith turned to the ECU baseball team. He led them to a very impressive record of 185–103–2 in nine years. Of those 186 victories, the team finished first place in the Southern Conference in four consecutive years (1966–70). Smith has baseball's third highest winning percentage at .642.
He was inducted into the Pirate Hall of Fame in 1977, and the Campbell University Athletics Hall of Fame in April 1986. He later became a professional baseball scout for the San Diego Padres.
He died at a nursing home in 2012.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20247889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247889" title="Crab Bowl Classic">
Crab Bowl Classic

The Crab Bowl Classic, also known as the Crab Bowl or the Maryland–Navy rivalry, is an American college football rivalry between the Maryland Terrapins football team of the University of Maryland and the Navy Midshipmen football team of the United States Naval Academy. The two institutions, located in close proximity in the state of Maryland, first met for a football game in 1905. Since then, the series has often been marked by controversy, with incidents by players and supporters occurring both on and off the field. The winner of the game is awarded the Crab Bowl Trophy.
Navy dominated the series early by winning the first eight games, between 1905 and 1930, which remains the longest streak. Maryland secured its first win in 1931 at a neutral site in Washington, D.C. After two more meetings, the series was suspended in 1934 when the Maryland administration protested a play. 
The teams met again in 1950 when Navy had a last-minute opening in its schedule. The Terrapins won three consecutive games from 1950 to 1952, and the Midshipmen won three from 1958 to 1963. During the 1964 game, a Maryland player twice flashed an obscene gesture, which prompted Navy to cancel the series again. After contractual obligations were fulfilled with the following year's game, the series was put on hiatus for 40 years. Maryland and Navy finally resumed the rivalry in 2005 and again in 2010, with the Terps winning both contests.
Background.
The Naval Academy and the University of Maryland are separated by about 30 miles in the state of Maryland. The schools by their nature, a Federal service academy and a public university, differ radically in terms of culture and lifestyle. For many years, the University of Maryland possessed the reputation of a blue-collar, working-class school. Some students viewed the Naval Academy, with its strictly regimented culture, as elitist. A former Terrapins linebacker, Jerry Fishman, believed that many Midshipmen "thought they were far superior to the Maryland redneck coal miners." A former Navy fullback, Pat Donnelly, said that compared to a "public institution, Naval Academy was night and day. I think there was a feeling of mutual dislike, but it wasn’t personal, it was more institutional."
According to former Maryland head coach (and former Maryland player) Ralph Friedgen, the sentiment at Navy has been that beating their archrival "Army is a must, but Maryland is a necessity." Darryl Hill, who attended both schools and broke the color barrier on each team, said that the Midshipmen "had a saying that beating Army is great, but beating Maryland is a must."
Despite a lopsided start in the early 20th century, the Terps and Midshipmen were evenly matched for most of the history of the series. Between 1931 and 1965, Navy won six and Maryland five games. In the 2005 season opener, Navy was coming off one of its best seasons in history with a 10–2 record the previous year. Maryland struggled later in 2005, but proved a competitive match for Navy and achieved a last-minute win, 23–20.
In addition to proximity and competitiveness, the rivalry was fueled by controversial incidents both on and off the field. Maryland supporters long held that Navy players used unnecessary roughness during play, a charge counter-accused by the Academy after the 1963 game. Some Midshipmen would travel to College Park to meet female students, which served to aggravate the ill feelings. Pranks and vandalism were commonplace on both campuses and exacerbated the already tense situation between Maryland and Navy.
Series history.
Early Years: 1905–1934.
The 1930 game proved to be the first competitive match of the series. Navy scored the only points with a 65-yard touchdown run on the second play of the game. The remainder was a defensive struggle, and Navy and Maryland advanced to the opposing one- and nine-yard lines, respectively, before being rebuffed. The 1931 match-up was held for the first time at a neutral site, Griffith Stadium in Washington, D.C.. In the first Maryland win of the series, the Terrapins scored the only points on a trick "triple-pass" play. The Maryland administration put a halt to the series in 1934 amidst claims that Navy scored the winning go-ahead, 16–13, on an illegal play after reviewing game tape.
Revival: 1950–52.
The series resumed in 1950 after Georgetown unexpectedly canceled a scheduled game with Navy. Maryland agreed to fill in for Georgetown and hosted the Academy for the Byrd Stadium dedication game in front of a then Washington area-record crowd of 43,836 fans. The two teams last met in 1934, and since that time the Terrapins had hired head coach Jim Tatum. Tatum, an innovator of the split-T offense, had brought consistent success to Maryland in the intervening years. Fearing a renewal of post-game mischief, the Midshipmen attending the match were given strict orders: "Behave like gentlemen and go straight home after the Maryland–Navy football game in College Park tomorrow. No midshipmen will enter the goal post activity or other altercation following the game."
Newspapers predicted that Navy would win the 1950 game due to the inexperience of the Maryland quarterbacks, who were led by 19-year old sophomore Jack Scarbath. A week before, Scarbath had his first start in a 27–7 loss to Georgia, but he would later become one of Maryland's greatest quarterbacks and the 1952 Heisman Trophy runner-up. 
In the first quarter against Navy, Scarbath scored on a quarterback keeper. Before the half, he completed passes to ends Stan Karnash and Pete Augsburger for 44- and 59-yard touchdowns. In the third quarter, the Midshipmen responded with a score of their own. In the final period, Maryland end Elmer Wingate returned an interception 34 yards for another touchdown. Then, 54 seconds later, end Lew Weidensaul recovered a Midshipmen fumble, which allowed Ed Modzelewski to rush five yards for the final score by the Terrapins. Navy scored twice more, but Maryland held on to win, 35–21.
In 1951, pranks soon returned to the two campuses. Midshipmen were caught in the act of painting the letter "N" on various buildings on the Maryland campus and defacing the grass with the Navy emblem. Early in the 1951 game, Navy's Frank Brady returned a punt 100 yards to take the lead, 7–0. It was the only time of Maryland's undefeated season that they trailed an opponent. The Terrapins responded, and by the end of the third quarter, they had taken the game in hand, 34–7. Against the stubborn Navy line, Scarbath resorted to the pass more than usual, and completed 16 of 34 for 285 yards. Despite a late Midshipmen surge, Maryland held on for the win, 40–21.
Navy resurgence: 1958–1963.
Maryland struggled after the departure of Jim Tatum, and, in the next meeting in 1958, Navy routed them, 40–14. In 1959, Maryland students painted a presumptive final score of "Maryland 59, Navy 0" on the statue of Tecumseh in front of Bancroft Hall. The prediction was off the mark, as first-year head coach Wayne Hardin and future Heisman-winning halfback Joe Bellino helped Navy to a victory, 22–14.
In the early 1960s, the Terrapins were coached by former Florida State head coach Tom Nugent. While with the Seminoles, Nugent had wanted to recruit a black player, but felt the racial climate there was unsuitable. He said that "the head of the Ku Klux Klan lived in Tallahassee. You'd come to your car and there'd be a notice on it announcing a Klan meeting that night." When he took over at Maryland in 1959, Nugent saw his opportunity. He instructed the Terrapins' quarterbacks coach Lee Corso to find a black player who was academically and athletically suited to come to College Park. Corso had been impressed by Roger Staubach's preferred receiver, Darryl Hill, during a freshman match between Maryland and Navy, and had also heard a rumor that he was considering leaving the Naval Academy. In 1962, Corso convinced Hill to transfer to Maryland, a school that had just 32 African-Americans in its 35,000 student body, and become the first black player in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). Once there, Hill quickly befriended the team's only Jew, linebacker Jerry Fishman.
Middle-finger incident: 1964.
Before the 1964 game, Maryland supporters stole the Navy mascot, Bill the Goat, but what happened in the game itself was far more controversial. Terrapin players said they would seek revenge against Navy for roughing up Darryl Hill in 1963. Roger Staubach, Navy's Heisman Trophy quarterback, said that "it was not a friendly game ... Jerry did not have friendliness in his eyes. He had an extra mean streak that day."
After a punt return, Fishman was penalized for a hard hit that injured receiver Skip Orr directly in front of the Navy stands, intensifying the ever-present heckling from the crowd. In response, Fishman approached the Brigade of Midshipmen section and raised an extended middle finger. After Fishman was penalized again for a late hit on Staubach, Fishman gave the obscene gesture for a second time. High-ranking Navy officers noticed Fishman's middle finger and became incensed. Staubach later said that Fishman "told the fans he thought Maryland was number one and got his fingers wrong."
Due to Fishman's actions, Academy officials allowed their contractual obligation to the series to lapse after the 1965 game. Years later, Bud Thalman, Navy sports information director at the time, said the incident had taken place "when there was still some level of sportsmanship in athletes ... It was so out of character it was stunning. There was no inclination from Navy to seek out a renewal. That untoward act of sportsmanship created a bad taste among people." Navy head coach, Wayne Hardin, called Fishman's act "a disgrace to college football." Maryland's head coach, Tom Nugent, had a different opinion and said, "Both teams appeared to be just a bunch of red-blooded guys trying to kill each other."
The game itself was closely contested. Staubach completed 25 passes, but also threw two interceptions. Late in the fourth quarter, Navy took the lead, 22–21. With less than three minutes remaining, the Midshipmen kicked off and halfback Ken Ambrusko fielded the ball from the Terrapins' endzone. Ambrusko returned it 101 yards for a touchdown, and Maryland won the game, 27–22.
Another revival: 2005.
In 1997, Maryland had a new head coach, Ron Vanderlinden, and he immediately saw that Navy was a natural rival for his team, but was unaware of the past history. Vanderlinden attempted to renew the game, but it was not until after his relief that the idea materialized. In 2001, Ralph Friedgen was hired as his successor and spearheaded efforts to reinvigorate the team's old rivalries, including that against Navy. Friedgen, who played for Maryland as an offensive guard, was at the 1964 game as a recruit. He had also coached for nine years as Georgia Tech's offensive coordinator, and he harbored nostalgic feelings for a rivalry with the passion of Clean, Old-Fashioned Hate. Friedgen stated that, in addition to the rivalries with West Virginia and Virginia, a renewed in-state series would be even more meaningful. In 2002, the two schools agreed to meet for the first Crab Bowl Classic in forty years, scheduled for 2005.
The 2005 game was played at the M&T Bank Stadium in Baltimore and attended by 67,809 fans. The game was a close contest marked by costly Maryland turnovers and Navy penalties. A Sam Hollenbach interception helped Navy to end the first quarter with a 14–3 lead. Immediately before halftime, Maryland kicked a field goal and another third-quarter field goal narrowed the deficit to 14–9. Both Maryland and Navy rushed for touchdowns and failed to make two-point conversions in the final quarter. Maryland took over on their own 18-yard line after the Navy kick, trailing 20–15 with 4:37 left on the clock. Hollenbach then engineered a 12-play, 82-yard drive capped by an 11-yard touchdown pass and a two-point conversion. Navy took over with one minute left, and completed a first down on their 33-yard line before an interception sealed the game for the Terps 23–20.
Bowl game snubs: 2006–08.
In the next postseason, Maryland declined an invitation to face Navy in the Meineke Car Care Bowl in Charlotte, North Carolina. Instead, the Terps had their sights on the Champs Sports Bowl, to play Purdue in Orlando. According to Maryland athletic director Deborah Yow and coach Friedgen, the decision was based on the players' preference, a bigger school pay-out, warmer weather, a Big Ten opponent, and more media exposure. Also, the Champs Sports Bowl was deemed to be the fourth-most prestigious non-BCS bowl while the Meineke game was number-six.
Navy athletic director Chet Gladchuk stated that Maryland's snub was the basis for their rejection of Maryland offers to renew the series in 2010: "The stage was set for everything we had talked about, and all the good things that could have happened for fans—a big rematch, a bowl setting, a great city ... It would have been a sellout in Charlotte, and they decided to do something else. That has caused us to pause a little bit and think through the whole relationship." Ralph Friedgen responded by saying "He's gotta get over it," and that the Navy rivalry never entered into the decision-making process.
In 2008, Navy accepted a bid to play an ACC team in the inaugural EagleBank Bowl at Washington D.C.'s RFK Stadium. Maryland officials said they could not accept an invitation to the game due to it conflicting with the school's final exams. Gladchuk said, "We have exams that week, too, but we're going to show up ... Everybody has an excuse why they can't do this or can't do that. We're finding a way to accommodate the bowl's situation." 
The Maryland staff reevaluated the EagleBank Bowl but determined it was impossible as many players had an exam on the game date. Yow said, "There are people who are at risk and need every moment of that week to prepare for the exams." As a result, Navy played Wake Forest for the second time of the season in the EagleBank Bowl and Maryland traveled to Boise, Idaho to play Nevada in the Humanitarian Bowl.
Future of the series: 2010–.
In 2007, the two teams agreed to schedule a rematch for September 6, 2010. Deborah Yow stated that, "The citizens of Maryland have made it clear they want this game." Alluding to the Navy athletic staff's perceived reticence, she added, "We got past the Charlotte situation." The delay in scheduling was attributed to the need for a three-way contract between Maryland, Navy, and the stadium tenants, the Baltimore Ravens. For this reason, a renewal as far off as 2014 was not seriously discussed. Ralph Friedgen said, "I would like to see it as an annual game, but that's not for me to decide."
As of 2011, there are no future football games scheduled between Navy and Maryland.
Trophy.
In 2010, the Touchdown Club of Annapolis commissioned the Crab Bowl Trophy, with underwriting by the D'Camera group. The trophy is a large "pewter bowl overflowing with pewter crabs", meant to be replicas of the Chesapeake Bay blue crab. The bowl "rests atop a mahogony base", engraved with "the results of the twenty previous Maryland-Navy games", which reach back to the rivalry's origin in 1905. It was designed by Tilghman Company, a family-owned jewelry store in Annapolis, Maryland. The Touchdown Club, founded in 1954, has been associated with both teams for a long time, and annually hosts a dinner honoring both teams. The trophy has been well received; the Terrapins' "Testudo Times" newspaper said that having the trophy "awarded by a third party" rather than "having a trophy dreamed up by the administrations at each school to create a more 'rivalry-y' feel" makes the award seem "more legitimate and less cheesy". Sports Illustrated included the award in its list of the 40 most "Unusual Trophies in College Football".
Game results.
"Maryland victories are shaded in red. Navy victories are shaded in blue."

</doc>
<doc id="20247931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247931" title="Los Feliz Boulevard">
Los Feliz Boulevard

Los Feliz Boulevard is a street in Glendale and Los Angeles.
The west-east thoroughfare runs through Los Angeles and Glendale. It starts off at its east most point at Glendale Avenue as Los Feliz Road. After passing the railroad tracks in Glendale west most section, it enters Los Angeles and changes to Los Feliz Boulevard. 
Los Feliz passes through Atwater Village and Griffith Park. After Griffith Park, it swerves to a north-south street and ends. It then merges and becomes Western Avenue.
Transportation.
The following lines operate on Los Feliz Boulevard:

</doc>
<doc id="20247963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247963" title="Jane Vasey">
Jane Vasey

Jane Elizabeth Vasey (1949 – July 7, 1982) was a Canadian blues piano player, best known for her years playing with the Downchild Blues Band. Vasey played with the band from 1973 until her death, from leukemia, on July 7, 1982.
Biography.
Prior to joining the Downchild Blues Band, Vasey earned a Master's degree in Music from the University of Manitoba. She also earned a Bachelor of Arts degree, majoring in Art. One of the first blues artists she heard was Otis Spann; one of her first recordings with the Downchild Blues Band was Otis Spann's "Must Have Been The Devil". Her song, "Trying To Keep Her 88s Straight" was considered to be a minor Canadian hit in 1980. Vasey played on all of the singles released by the band.
One of Vasey's last engagements was in January 1982, supporting Eddie "Cleanhead" Vinson, playing three sets per night over the course of a week at Toronto's Albert's Hall (above the Brunswick House Tavern), despite being weakened by illness. Vinson later described her as "one of the good ones".
After her death, The Jane Vasey Memorial Scholarship was established at Brandon University, to sponsor keyboard students. The scholarship fund was established by Vasey's late parents, Ross and Dorothy Vasey, as well as The Downchild Blues Band, and each year distributes scholarships to students in piano performance. The initial benefit performance in support of the scholarship fund occurred at the Brunswick Tavern, within weeks of her death. In addition to the Downchild Blues Band, such artists as Sunnyland Slim, John Hammond and David Wilcox appeared in support of the fund. The Downchild Blues Band continues to fund the scholarship through benefit performances.
Vasey is buried at Brookside Cemetery, in Winnipeg.

</doc>
<doc id="20247980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20247980" title="Papyrus 108">
Papyrus 108

Papyrus 108 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1108, is an early copy of a part of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John. The surviving texts of John are verses 17:23-24; 18:1-5, they are in a fragmentary condition. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the late 2nd or early 3rd century. 
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. The manuscripts, though small, concurs with Codex Sinaiticus. It has itacistic error in John 17:23 (γεινωσκη instead of γινωσκη).
The manuscript is currently housed at the Papyrology Rooms, of the Sackler Library at Oxford University with the shelf number P. Oxy. 4447.

</doc>
<doc id="20248000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248000" title="Backswamp">
Backswamp

In geology backswamp is the section of a floodplain where deposits of fine silts and clays settle after a flood. Backswamps usually lie behind a stream's natural levees.

</doc>
<doc id="20248029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248029" title="Kurt-Heinz Stolze">
Kurt-Heinz Stolze

Kurt-Heinz Stolze (26 January 192612 August 1970) was a German pianist, harpsichordist and composer.
He was born in Hamburg. He studied piano, organ and conducting at the Hamburg Conservatory with Wilhelm Brückner-Rüggeberg. His first engagement was as repetiteur at the Royal Opera, Copenhagen. In 1957 he joined the Württemberg State Theatre in Stuttgart. That year he accompanied Fritz Wunderlich on his recording of Franz Schubert’s "Die schöne Müllerin". He can also be heard as one of the harpsichordists on a recording of concertos for three and four harpsichords by Johann Sebastian Bach, conducted by Gunther Kehr. Thereafter, he focussed mainly on ballet, and worked principally with John Cranko.
Kurt-Heinz Stolze composed or arranged the music for Cranko’s ballets "Wir reisen nach Jerusalem" (1963), "L’Estro Armonico" (1963, after Antonio Vivaldi), "Der widerspenstigen Zähmung" (The Taming of the Shrew) (1969; to the Shakespeare story; music based on sonatas by Domenico Scarlatti), and "Kyrie eleison" (1968; based on music by Bach). 
However, he is perhaps best known for the ballet "Onegin" (1965), based on Alexander Pushkin’s verse play" Eugene Onegin", for which Stolze used the music of Tchaikovsky, but not a note from Tchaikovsky’s opera of the same name. Instead, he orchestrated some little-known piano works by Tchaikovsky such as "The Seasons", along with themes from the opera "Cherevichki" and the latter part of the symphonic fantasia "Francesca da Rimini". He also produced Cranko’s "Swan Lake" and "Les Sylphides" and worked in radio and cinema. 
In 1968 he appeared as harpsichordist with the Württemberg Chamber Orchestra conducted by Jörg Faerber in the Queen Elizabeth Hall in London. He died in Munich in August 1970, aged 44.

</doc>
<doc id="20248062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248062" title="Italian Somalis">
Italian Somalis

Italian Somalis () are Somali descendants from Italian colonists, as well as long-term Italian residents in Somalia.
History.
In 1892, the Italian explorer Robecchi Bricchetti for the first time labeled as "Somalia" the region in the Horn of Africa referred to as "Benadir", which was then under the joint control of the Somali Geledi Sultanate (who, also holding sway over the Shebelle region in the interior, were at the height of their power) and the Arab Sultan of Zanzibar.
Italian Somaliland.
In April 1905, the Italian government acquired control (from a private Italian company called "SACI") of this coastal area around Mogadishu, and created the colony of Italian Somaliland.
From the outset, the Italians signed protectorate agreements with the local Somali authorities. In doing this, the Kingdom of Italy was spared bloody rebellions like those launched by the Dervish leader Mohammed Abdullah Hassan (the so-called "Mad Mullah") over a period of twenty-one years against the British colonial authorities in northern Somalia, an area then referred to as British Somaliland.
In 1908, the borders with Ethiopia in the upper river Shebelle River ("Uebi-Scebeli" in Italian) were defined, and after World War I, the area of "Oltregiuba" (l"Beyond Juba") was ceded by Britain and annexed to Italian Somaliland.
The dawn of Fascism in the early 1920s heralded a change of strategy for Italy. With the arrival of Governor Cesare Maria De Vecchi on December 15, 1923, the then-ruling northeastern Somali Sultanes were soon to be forced within the boundaries of "La Grande Somalia". Italy hitherto had access to these areas under various protection treaties, but not direct rule. Under its new leadership, Italy mounted successive military campaigns against the Somali Sultanate of Hobyo and Majeerteen Sultanate, eventually defeating the Sultanates' troops and exiling the reigning Sultans. The colonial troops called "dubats" and the gendarmerie "zaptié" were extensively used by De Vecchi in this military campaign.
In the early 1930s, the new Italian governors, Guido Corni and Maurizio Rava, started a policy of assimilation of the local populace, enrolling many Somalis in the Italian colonial troops. Some thousands of Italian settlers also began moving to Mogadishu as well as agricultural areas around the capital, such as Jowhar ("Villaggio duca degli Abruzzi").
In 1936, Italy then integrated Eritrea, Ethiopia, and Italian Somaliland into a unitary colonial state called Italian East Africa ("Africa Orientale Italiana"), thereby enlarging Italian Somaliland from 500,000 km2 to 700,000 km2 with the addition of the Ogaden.
From 1936 to 1940, new roads such as the "Imperial Road" from Mogadishu to Addis Abeba were constructed in the region, as were new schools, hospitals, ports and bridges. New railways were also built, such as the famous Mogadishu-Villabruzzi Railway (Italian: "Ferrovia Mogadiscio-Villabruzzi").
During the first half of 1940, there were about 22,000 to 50,000 Italians living in Italian Somaliland. In urban areas, the colony was one of the most developed on the continent in terms of standard of living.
In the second half of 1940, Italian troops invaded British Somaliland and ejected the British. The Italians also occupied areas bordering Jubaland around the villages of Moyale and Buna. However, Britain retained control of the almost exclusively Somali-inhabited Northern Frontier District.
In the spring of 1941, Britain regained control of British Somaliland, and conquered Italian Somaliland with the Ogaden. From 1941, the British started to administer Somalia, maintaining the Italian bureaucracy.
This led to resentment between Somali nationalists on the one hand, and Italian Somalis on the other, the latter of whom wanted to preserve Italian rule after the end of World War II.
After World War II.
In 1945, the Potsdam conference was held, where it was decided not to return Italian Somaliland to Italy.
Following the British military administration of Italian Somaliland, Italian settlers were allowed to establish political parties and organizations in the former colony. Many of these new associations were pro-Italian. The largest such party was the Hizbia Digil Mirifle Somali (HDM), which was formally known as the Patriotic Benefit Union (PBU). The HDM would go on to earn 26% of votes in the 1956 elections.
As a result of this failure on the part of the Big Four powers to agree on what to do with Italy's former colonies, Somali nationalist rebellion against Italian rule culminated in violent confrontation in 1948, when a number of Italians and Somalis died in rioting in several coastal towns. The direct consequence of the 52 Italian Somalis killed in these riots, was the start of the process of reduction and disappearance of the Italian community in Somalia. 
In November 1949, the United Nations finally opted to grant Italy trusteeship of Italian Somaliland, but only under close supervision and on the condition—first proposed by the Somali Youth League (SYL) and other nascent Somali political organizations, such as "Hizbia Digil Mirifle Somali" (later "Hizbia Dastur Mustaqbal Somali", or HDMS) and the Somali National League (SNL), that were then agitating for independence—that Somalia achieve independence within ten years.
Despite the initial SYL's unrests, the 1950s were something of a golden age for the nearly 40,000 remaining Italian expatriates to Somalia. With United Nations aid money pouring in and experienced Italian administrators who had come to see Somalia as their home, infrastructural and educational development blossomed. This decade passed relatively without incident and was marked by positive growth in many sectors of local life.
The economy was controlled by the Bank of Italy through emissions of the Somalo shilling, that was used as money in the Italian administered region from 1950 to 1962.
In 1960, Italian Somaliland declared its independence and united with British Somaliland in the creation of modern Somalia.
In 1992, after the fall of president Siad Barre, Italian troops returned to Somalia to help restore peace during Operation Restore Hope (UNISOM I & II) under the mandate of the United Nations, and patrolled for nearly two years the central area of Somalia around the Shebelle river.
By the early nineties, there were just a few dozen Italian colonists left, all old aged and still concentrated in Mogadishu and its surroundings.
Italian population in Somalia.
The first Italians moved to Somalia at the end of the nineteenth century. However, it wasn't until after World War I that their number increased to about one thousand, a presence that primarily concentrated in the towns of Mogadishu and Merca in the Benadir region of Somalia.
The colonial emigration toward Somalia was limited initially mostly to men alone. The emigration of entire families was promoted only during the Fascist period, mainly in the agricultural developments of the Villaggio Duca degli Abruzzi, near the Shebelle River. In 1920, the Societa Agricola Italo-Somala (SAIS) was founded by the Prince Luigi Amedeo, Duke of the Abruzzi, in order to explore the agricultural potential of central Italian Somaliland and create a colony for Italian farmers.
The area of Genale in southern Somalia (near the Jubba River) was another place where Italian colonists from Turin developed a group of farms, under governor De Vecchi, that were successful for cotton and after 1931 for banana exports.
In 1930, there were around 22,000 Italians living in Italian Somaliland. The majority resided in the capital Mogadishu, with other Italian communities concentrated in in Villaggio Duca degli Abruzzi, Adale ("Itala" in Italian), Janale, Jamame, and Kismayo.
In 1935, during the Second Italo-Ethiopian War there were more than 220,000 Italian soldiers stationed in Italian Somaliland.
In 1940, there were more than 50,000 Italians in Italian Somaliland, with around 9,000 to 22,000 residing in the capital Mogadishu (called "Mogadiscio" in Italian). They frequented local Italian schools that the colonial authorities had opened, such as the Liceum.
Italian Somalis were concentrated in the cities of Mogadishu, Merca, Baidoa, Kismayo and the agricultural areas of the riverine Jubba and Shebelle valleys (around Jowhar/Villaggio Duca degli Abruzzi).
After World War II, the number of Italians in Somali territory started to decrease and by the time of the Somali republic's independence in 1960, their numbers had dwindled to less than 10,000. Most Italian settlers returned to Italy, while others settled in the United States, United Kingdom, Finland, and Australia. By 1989, they were only 1,000 in total. Since the Somali civil war and the fall of Somali president Siad Barre's government in 1991, in Somalia remain only a handful of the old colonists. Many Italian Somalis left for the Italy, United States, the United Kingdom, Finland, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Djibouti, and other countries in the Middle East.
Of the latter, one of the better known Italian casualties was the former Bishop of Mogadishu, Salvatore Colombo, murdered in 1989. This was followed by the murder of an Italian nun, Leonella Sgorbati, in 2006. With the disappearance of Italians from Somalia, Roman Catholicism was reduced from a record high of 8500 parishioners in 1950 (0.7% of Mogadishu's population) to just 100 individuals in 2004.
Italian language in Somalia.
Prior to the Somali civil war, the legacy of Italian influence in Somalia was evinced by the relatively wide use of the Italian language among the country's ruling elite. Up until World War II, the Italian language was the only official language of Italian Somaliland. Italian was official in Italian Somaliland during the "Fiduciary Mandate", and the first years of independence.
In 1954, the Italian government established the post-secondary institutions of law, economics, and social studies in Mogadishu. These institutions were satellites of the University of Rome, which provided all the instruction material, faculty, and administration. All the courses were presented in Italian. In 1964, the institutions offered two years of study in Somalia, followed by two years of study in Italy. After a military coup in 1969, all foreign entities were nationalized, including Mogadishu's principal university, which was renamed "Jaamacadda Ummadda Soomaliyeed" (Somali National University).
In 1972, the Somali language was officially declared the only national language of Somalia, though it now shares that distinction with Arabic. Due to its simplicity, the fact that it lent itself well to writing Somali since it could cope with all the sounds in the language, and the already widespread existence of machines and typewriters designed for its use, the government of Somali president Mohamed Siad Barre, following the recommendation of the Somali Language Committee that was instituted shortly after independence with the purpose of finding a common orthography for the Somali language, unilaterally elected to only use the Latin script for writing Somali instead of the long-established Arabic script and the upstart Osmanya script.
Until 1991, there was an Italian school in Mogadishu (with courses of Middle school and Liceum), later destroyed because of the civil war.
Alongside English, Italian was declared a second language of Somalia by the Transitional Federal Government in the Transitional Federal Charter adopted in 2004. Somali (Maay and Maxaa-tiri) and Arabic were the official national languages. Following the adoption of the Provisional Constitution in 2012 by the Federal Government of Somalia, Somali and Arabic were retained as sole official languages.
Many Italian words have also been incorporated into the Somali language. The most widely know and used is "ciao", meaning "goodbye".

</doc>
<doc id="20248072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248072" title="Estonian Sovereignty Declaration">
Estonian Sovereignty Declaration

The Estonian Sovereignty Declaration (), fully: "Declaration on the Sovereignty of the Estonian SSR" ("Deklaratsioon Eesti NSV suveräänsusest") was issued on November 16, 1988 during the Singing Revolution in Estonia. The declaration asserted Estonia's sovereignty and the supremacy of the Estonian laws over the laws of the Soviet Union. Estonia's parliament also laid claim to the republic's natural resources: land, inland waters, forests, mineral deposits and to the means of industrial production, agriculture, construction, state banks, transportation, municipal services, etc. in the territory of Estonia's borders. November 16 is now celebrated annually as the "Day of Declaration of Sovereignty".
Estonia had gained independence in the aftermath of World War I and Estonian War of Independence (1918–1920). In 1940 as a consequence of the German-Soviet Nonaggression Pact and its of August 1939 Estonia was occupied and annexed by the Soviet Union.
The majority of Western nations refused to recognize the incorporation of the Estonia "de jure" by the Soviet Union and only recognized the government of Estonian SSR "de facto" or not at all. Such countries recognized Estonian/Latvian/Lithuanian diplomats and consuls who still functioned in the name of their former governments. These aging diplomats persisted in this anomalous situation until the ultimate restoration of Baltic independence.
In the 1980s new policies Perestroika and Glasnost were introduced and political repression in the Soviet Union came to an end. As the result during the 1991 Soviet coup d'état attempt the 20 August 1991 declaration proclaimed the reestablishment of the independent Estonian republic. On September 6, 1991 the USSR recognized the independence of Estonia and the country was admitted to the UN on September 17.
After more than 3 years of negotiations, on August 31, 1994, the armed forces of Russia withdrew from Estonia. The Russian Federation officially ended its military presence in Estonia after it relinquished control of the nuclear reactor facilities in Paldiski in September 1995. Estonia joined European Union in 2004, shortly after it became a member of NATO.

</doc>
<doc id="20248098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248098" title="Artur Sarnat">
Artur Sarnat

Club career.
Sarnat spent most of his professional career with Wisła Kraków, playing in 169 league matches over ten seasons. He had a brief spell in the Turkish Super Lig with Diyarbakirspor.

</doc>
<doc id="20248105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248105" title="Moses Ali">
Moses Ali

Lieutenant General (Retired) Moses Ali (born 5 April 1939) is a Ugandan lawyer, politician and former military officer. He is the current Third Deputy Prime Minister and Leader of Government Business. He was appointed to that position in May 2011. He is also the elected Member of Parliament for "East Moyo County", Adjumani District from 2011 until 2016.
Background.
Moses Ali hails from Adjumani District, West Nile sub-region, in Northern Uganda. He was born on 5 April 1939. He is currently working on a book titled "CARAVANI OF JUSTICE OR INJUSTICE" which he expects to finish by February 2012.
Education.
He holds the degree of Bachelor of Laws (LLB), obtained from Uganda's oldest university, Makerere University. He also holds the Diploma in Legal Practice, from the Law Development Center in Kampala, Uganda. Moses Ali also holds military qualifications from military educational institutions in Uganda, Israel and the United Kingdom. Over the years, he rose to the rank of Lieutenant General, within the Ugandan military.
Work experience.
He has held several senior governmental positions, including Minister of Finance in the government of Idi Amin, and First Deputy Prime Minister in the government of Yoweri Museveni. In the 1980s he led the Uganda National Rescue Front (UNRF) in an armed rebellion against the government of Milton Obote. He has served in the Ugandan Parliament between 2001 until 2006. In 2006, he lost both his parliamentary seat and his ministerial appointment. In 2011, at the age of 72, he regained his position in parliament and was assigned new cabinet responsibilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20248107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248107" title="Center for Digital Imaging Arts at Boston University">
Center for Digital Imaging Arts at Boston University

The Center for Digital Imaging Arts at Boston University (CDIA) focuses on career-oriented education and training in the rapidly emerging digital arts fields of Digital Filmmaking, Photography, 3D Animation, Graphic & Web Design, Audio Production, and Web Development. 
Campuses.
The Center for Digital Imaging Arts has three campuses — the Waltham, Massachusetts campus is located near the Charles River on Moody Street in Waltham, Massachusetts, Washington, DC campus is located in Georgetown, and another campus in Atlanta, Georgia. CDIA also offers workshops in Prague.
History.
The Boston University College of Communication developed CDIA as its "new digital imaging arts program." Bob Daniels (COM’70, SED’76, GSM’79), the program's executive director, began his career as a staff photographer for the Quincy Patriot Ledger and was later executive director of Boston University's Corporate Education Center. CDIA’s certificate programs and workshops were initially designed to complement College of Communication’s degree programs. Boston University College of Communication's Waltham-based campus has since expanded the university's integration with technology.

</doc>
<doc id="20248124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248124" title="Joshua Raj">
Joshua Raj

Dr. Joshua Raj is a consultant orthopedic surgeon and an ordained minister, who authored "A Biblical Approach to Indian Traditions and Beliefs", and "A Guide to the Prevention and Treatment of Back Pain" that is grounded in evidence-based research. Dr. Raj is a graduate of Seminary Theology Malaysia and has a postgraduate degree in practical theology. He is the coordinator for Indian and Asian missions for the Anglican Orthodox Church.
Reception of "Biblical Approach".
Heart Rock Media states that the book explains that certain "Indian practices and beliefs are clearly incompatible with biblical teaching, due to their religious connotations and associations. At other times, the Indian Christian is confronted with family situations, beliefs and traditions for which guidelines are not given in the Bible. In such situations, Christians subcontinental descent may disagree on what to do."
The Bishop of the Methodist Church in Germany, Dr. Robert Solomon commented, "This book addresses a very important area in the lives of most Indian Christians. The author's deep commitment to biblical teaching and a perspective that aims at approaching issues with 'agape' love are particularly helpful."
It is also reviewed, "This well-researched book fills a need for Indian Christians who are searching for guidance when confronted with beliefs, traditions, rituals and practices in the non-Christian Indian community. It reveals the truth about Christian living. This useful guide also discusses certain Indian spiritual and religious practices, and gives advice on the daily struggles of believers. Written from the agape (love) perspective, this resource is helpful for the new convert to Christianity, the generational Christian who may need to adjust his life, and leaders who seek some form of consistency in approaching the Indian diaspora."
Personal life.
Dr. Raj is a family man with a wife and three children and first-cousin to British actor James Floyd. He became a Christian in medical school when the biological complexity of the human body revealed God’s beautiful design. Dr. Raj completed his postgraduate training in the UK and has performed surgery on the spine and corrected many spinal deformities. He was involved in pioneering non-surgical treatments for back pain, especially for patients with chronic backache or whose back surgery had failed. Dr. Raj has refined and used many non-operative, evidence-based methods in successfully treating patients with back pain.

</doc>
<doc id="20248178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248178" title="Jandala (Samahni Valley)">
Jandala (Samahni Valley)

Jandala is a village in the Samahni Valley in the Bhimber District of Azad Kashmir, in Pakistan, about 6–7 km from Bindi. It has a roadside bazaar among the cultivated fields. Apart from retail, the bazaar provides medical, banking and postal facilities. Jandala has High, Intermediate and Graduation level private and state high schools and Colleges for boys and girls. Nearby villages include Darhal, Barjun and Garhoon on the mountain, and Chadroon on the valley floor between Bindi and Jandala. The village is growing, and is becoming an employment hub for the area. The Most Famous thing of this area is a quality school and Colleges education in this category there are Five total schools and Colleges in Jandala Two State School one School and Two Colleges are private.
Education.
Colleges.
Junaid Public Model School High Jandala (JPMHSJ), formed in 1989-1990, The Organisation aims to provide the best education and opportunities to children who are among the most vulnerable young people in Valley Samahni.
Iftikhar Ideal College, the only private college which provides quality eduacation to the students coming from a number of villages.

</doc>
<doc id="20248221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248221" title="Adventure Playhouse">
Adventure Playhouse

Adventure Playhouse is the umbrella title of an early American television program broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network. The series ran from April to May of 1950.
The one-hour-long program, produced and distributed by DuMont, aired pre-1948 films on Wednesday nights from 8-9 pm ET on most DuMont affiliates. The series was not renewed after the initial short run.

</doc>
<doc id="20248234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248234" title="Helen Bernstein High School">
Helen Bernstein High School

Helen Bernstein High School is a Public High School in the Hollywood area of Los Angeles, California. The school is named after educational reformer and former president of United Teachers Los Angeles, Helen Bernstein.
History.
During the planning stages, Helen Bernstein High School was known as Central Los Angeles New High School No. 1 and was planned to help relieve overcrowding at Hollywood and Marshall High Schools. It opened in the fall of 2008.
Campus.
Bernstein occupies the former site of the Fox Television Center (formerly Metromedia Square, the longtime home of Fox Television station KTTV). Perkins+Will architects designed the buildings.
Curriculum.
Bernstein High is divided into two smaller learning communities: Arts, Media, and Entertainment (AME) and Business, Technology, and Labor Relations (BTLR). The Academic Performance Excellence (APEX) Academy, a program geared toward low income families in East Hollywood, and the Science, Technology, Engineering, and Medicine (STEM) Academy also operate independently within the school.
Athletics.
The campus is home to the Dragons. Bernstein is home to sports including Football, Basketball, Track and Field, Soccer, Volleyball, Softball, Wrestling, Swimming, Cross Country, Cheerleading, and Drill Team. 
In Track & Field, Varsity Boys were League Champions in 2011, first ever league title in school history; they also were League Champions in 2013. Varsity Girls Track team also were League Champions in 2012 and in 2013. The Girls Varsity Volleyball team were League Champions in 2011. After going 4-36 since 2008, when the school opened, under a new coach the Varsity Football team were League Champions in 2012 with an overall record of 8-3. In 2013, they were 11-2 and lost to Poly in the semifinals 32-38; they were Central League Champions.

</doc>
<doc id="20248259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248259" title="Natural and Culturo-Historical Region of Kotor">
Natural and Culturo-Historical Region of Kotor

The Natural and Culturo-Historical Region of Kotor is a World Heritage Site located in Montenegro that was inscribed in 1979. It encompasses the old town of Kotor (Italian Cattaro), the fortifications of Kotor, and the surrounding region of the inner Bay of Kotor.
Description.
Old town of Kotor.
The old town of Kotor is contained within the city walls and a well preserved and restored medieval cityscape with notable buildings including the Cathedral of Saint Tryphon (built in 1166). Kotor was heavily damaged during the earthquake on April 15, 1979, and this prompted the site to be also listed on the Danger List in 1979 when the site was inscribed. After significant rehabilitation within the town, the site was taken off this list in 2003.
Fortifications of Kotor.
The fortifications consist of a system of defensive military buildings to protect the medieval town of Kotor. They include the city walls with gates and bastions, ramparts that ascend the mountain of St. John, the castle of St. John (San Giovanni), and supportive structures. While some of the structures date back to Roman and Byzantinian times, most of the fortifications were erected during the Venetian rule; later some modifications were made by the Austrians. The fortifications are the most significant aspect of the World Heritage site.
Region of Kotor.
The region that is included in the heritage is the inner bay of Kotor (past the Verige strait) with its surrounding mountains and towns, notably Risan and Perast in addition to Kotor. Further the islets of St. George (Sveti Đorđe) and Our Lady of the Rocks (Gospa od Škrpijela) are part of the heritage site.
Preservation.
In 1979, when the site was inscribed it was also placed on the List in Danger due to earthquake damage. Due to concerted international efforts much of this, specifically concerning the city of Kotor, has been mitigated. In 2003 the site could be taken off the danger list.
The heritage site faces challenges in a number of ways. Natural dangers such as erosion and earthquakes will always remain a threat. More acute, however, is the impact of human activity. Thus some urban development has been noted to be incongruent with the goals of preservation. An issue has been the proposal to bridge the Verige strait: the proposed Verige bridge between Cape St. Nedjelja and Cape Opatovo would facilitate traffic of the Adriatic Highway that currently utilizes a ferry system to cross the bay.
When the site was inscribed in 1979, it was done so based on its cultural values; a 2008 UNESCO Mission Report suggests to also consider its outstanding value as a “cultural landscape” which may lead to a re-submission.

</doc>
<doc id="20248276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248276" title="Akai Ito (TV series)">
Akai Ito (TV series)

Ratings.
Source: Video Research, Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="20248283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248283" title="Swizzlewick">
Swizzlewick

Swizzlewick was a twice weekly 1964 BBC comedy drama series about the day-to-day events of a local council in a fictional Midlands town. The writers included David Turner who created the series. 
This series is principally remembered as an early target of 'Clean Up TV' campaigner Mary Whitehouse. An episode in August 1964 featured Mrs Smallgood, a parody of her, who was depicted launching a "Freedom from Sex" campaign with a friend. A scene with a prostitute was cut from another episode of the series, after a television studio worker leaked an advance copy of the script to her. She was told "It's too late to re-shoot.", and answered "I don't want re-shooting, I want cuts." She delivered a letter of complaint in person to the Postmaster General of the United Kingdom, who appears to have passed the matter on to the BBC, and the scene Mrs Whitehouse found offensive was cut. Turner resigned from the series.
Television programmers from this era were often wiped, discarded or not recorded at all if they went out live. Of 26 episodes, only one episode is believed to still exist.

</doc>
<doc id="20248296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248296" title="The Reverb Syndicate">
The Reverb Syndicate

The Reverb Syndicate is an almost exclusively instrumental "Spy-Fi" surf band from Ottawa, Canada who have been playing since 2006. Their music is of "soundtracks to 1960s spy films that don’t exist". They toured England and Scotland in 2008 and again in 2012, and have played at the 2007 and 2010 Ottawa Bluesfest. They have released three studio albums; "Operation: Jet Set! (2006)", "Sputnik A-Go-Go (2007)", and "Mondo Cacti (2011)".
The band created and performed in a radio drama on the Canadian campus radio station CKCU in 2006, and have had two interviews on CBC Radio One (Sep 21, 2006 - and a 10 minute interview on Nov 21, 2007 ).
"The Reverb Syndicate is an Ottawa band that is taking on
sinister government plots using a series of high-tech gadgets, a
way with the ladies, and some seriously fast automotives. [They
sound like] a bunch of surfers jumped James Bond in an alley."
- CBC Radio One (Alan Neal)
Bassist Jeff Welch is formerly of the bands Suburban Pop Project and Fan Belt Seven. Each band member plays a fictional spy character on stage:
The band have also played shows across Canada and, on one occasion, as part of the line-up in a surf rock showcase in New York City.
Track list.
Operation: Jet Set! (2006)
Sputnik A-Go-Go (2007)
Mondo Cacti (2011)

</doc>
<doc id="20248321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248321" title="Hearty Notes">
Hearty Notes

Hearty Notes is the twenty-sixth album and the first one in which All 4 Members of Casiopea play Acoustic Instruments recorded and released in 1994. This style is referenced on an acoustic version of their 1983 Classic, "Lookin' Up", featured on their 1994 album, "Asian Dreamer", and again on Casiopea's "Seasons" from their 1996 Album "Flowers".
Personnel.
CASIOPEA are

</doc>
<doc id="20248326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248326" title="Field Notes from a Catastrophe">
Field Notes from a Catastrophe

Field Notes from a Catastrophe: Man, Nature, and Climate Change is a 2006 non-fiction book by Elizabeth Kolbert. The book attempts to bring attention to the causes and effects of global climate change. Kolbert travels around the world where climate change is affecting the environment in significant ways. These locations include Alaska, Greenland, the Netherlands, and Iceland. The environmental effects that are apparent consist of rising sea levels, thawing permafrost, diminishing ice shelves, changes in migratory patterns, and increasingly devastating forest fires due to loss of precipitation. She also speaks with many leading scientists about their individual research and findings. Kolbert brings to attention the attempts of large corporations such as Exxon Mobil and General Motors to influence politicians and discrediting scientists. She also writes about America’s reluctance in the global efforts to reduce carbon emissions. Leading this resistance, she explains, is the Bush administration which has been opposed to the Kyoto protocol since it was ratified in 2005. Kolbert concludes the book by examining the events surrounding the events of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and arguing that governments have the knowledge and technologies to prepare for such disasters but choose to ignore the signs until it is too late.
Summary.
Chapter One – Shishmaref, Alaska.
Kolbert visits Shishmaref and Fairbanks, Alaska, to speak with both the townspeople and scientists about the effect global warming is having in Alaska. In Shishmaref, towns are being forced off of the coastal regions because ice that had once protected these towns from storms and large waves, have melted. In Fairbanks Kolbert met with scientist Vladimir Romanovsky to study how global warming is affecting the permafrost levels in Alaska. Romanovsky’s research shows that as permafrost melts it releases carbon dioxide, which has been trapped in the permafrost for thousands of years and is harmful to the environment. Kolbert also discusses the spectrometer used by Donald Perovich on the expedition, Des Groseilliers. The spectrometer was used to measure the light reflected off of the ice and snow. The discovery that the snow reflected more than the ocean is important because the ocean is being heated by global warming and melting the ice which is making the water levels rise.
Chapter Two – A Warmer Sky.
This section explains the history of researchers exploring human influence on climate change. At the beginning, it states that global warming is not a fad because it has been researched since the mid-19th century. John Tyndall was the first to research global warming; he did this by creating the first Spectrophotometer. This is an instrument used to measure the absorptive properties of gases. Through his research of gases, he discovered what is today called “The Greenhouse Effect.” The Greenhouse effect is the absorption and retention of heat from radiation. After the death of John Tyndall, Svante Arrhenius took over his position as the main researcher of global warming. He was the first to connect industrialization to climate change and even today NASA scientists credit him with insightful predictions: “His understanding of the role of carbon dioxide in heating Earth, even at that early date, led him to predict that if atmospheric carbon dioxide doubled, Earth would become several degrees warmer.” After the death of Arrhenius, most scientists believed that if levels were rising at all, they were rising very slowly. In the mid-1950s, Charles David Keeling found a more precise way to record levels and began recording the data. He brought us the Keeling Curve which shows the steady rise of levels since 1958.
Chapter Three – Under the Glacier.
Kolbert travels to a research station in Greenland called Swiss Camp that was set up in 1990 and built into the ice floes. Kolbert meets Konrad Steffan, the director of Swiss Camp, who studies the meteorological conditions on the ice sheets at the equilibrium line (the point at which winter snow and summer snow melt are supposed to be exactly in balance). Steffan’s research shows that the glaciers have been melting faster (at a rate of 12 cubic miles per year), creating much more flooding in the area during the warmer months. These glaciers contain vast amounts of fresh water, which, when melted into the salt water of the oceans, begins to change ocean current patterns, thus resulting in some places around the world becoming colder and some becoming warmer. From obtaining ice cores from the Greenland ice sheet, it has been found that the average temperatures have risen twenty degrees within the past ten years thus resulting in the beginning of the disintegration of the entire Greenland ice sheet, which will be impossible to stop. It has also been found that rapid warming has occurred in the past, which then proceeded to fall into ice age conditions. In November 2004, there was a study presented in Reykjavík, Iceland, that explained how the Arctic climate is warming and the U.S. responded by stating they would effectively take action to combat the problem but would not make it an obligation. The scientists studying the situation have seen how humans have become the dominating factor in influencing climate change; in the professional world, global warming is not necessarily thought to be a natural process.
Chapter Four – The Butterfly and the Toad.
This chapter describes Kolbert's interviews with scientists from around the world who have conducted experiments to prove that climate change inevitably affects many organisms' genetic structures and habitats. Kolbert attempts to reveal that global warming is the cause for these events. She interviews three biologists, Chris Thomas, William Bradshaw and Christina Holzapfel, and one paleoecologist, Thomas Web III. Kolbert follows scientific observations based upon the studies of the Comma Butterfly, the mosquito "Wyeomyia smithii", the Golden Toad and pollen grains, among many other studies. Kolbert is concerned with the frightening reality that if species are being genetically changed and on the verge of extinction that the availability of our natural resources for future will be in jeopardy.
Chapter Five – The Curse of the Akkad.
Kolbert visits GISS, a former branch of NASA, which analyzes and produces various geographic models to demonstrate the behavior of the atmosphere, land surfaces, and ice sheets. According to GISS, more and more droughts are being triggered, which we aren’t able to adapt to with our way of living. This problem also arose in ancient civilizations, such as with the Mayans and in the city of Shekhna, when they reached their technological peak. The ancient city of Shekhna in present-day Syria has shown evidence that the culture died from drought. Kolbert cites scientific evidence based on geological models that chart the geographic downfall of other ancient civilizations that have experienced climate change. During ancient times, however, the technology had yet to be developed and they did not have the proper scientific abilities to adapt to extreme changes like massive drought. Kolbert argues that we may be technologically advanced, but as we continue to progress, we are becoming more and more destructive to the environment as well.
Chapter Six – Floating Houses.
In chapter six, Kolbert visits the Netherlands where the Dutch have made many provisions to prevent the increasing problem of widespread flooding. Water-ministry official Eelke Turkstra predicts that the Nieuwe Merwede canal will rise several feet above the local dikes around 2100 due to the flooding. The two main problems are caused by warming water that leads to expansion and raises the sea level, another is due to precipitation changes produced by a warming Earth. 
Turkstra believes that instead of building more dikes, the existing dikes should be dismantled to make room for the rising water. He wants to buy polders (land that has been laboriously reclaimed from the water) from farmers and lower surrounding dikes around them to create more area for the rising water. Then, Kolbert talks to Dura Vermeer who creates amphibious homes which will float on the water if a flood were to occur.
Chapter Seven – Business as Usual.
Kolbert interviews Robert Socolow, the co-director for the Carbon Mitigation Initiative, about BAU or “business as usual”, which is a future in which current emissions trends continue without being checked. Socolow came up with a plan to help keep carbon emissions down but in order for his plans to work they must start taking effect as soon as possible. Socolow’s plan consisted of a fifteen point system where each point, known as a “stabilization wedge”, would reduce carbon emission by one billion metric tons a year. The wedges consisted of finding alternative fuel sources such as wind, solar and nuclear power, along with developing new technology and upgrading current technology to reduce carbon emission. Socolow argues that the government needs to get involved in order help motivate people to lower carbon emissions. 
Kolbert also interviews Marty Hoffert, Professor of physics at New York University. Hoffert believes that in order to fight global warming, people have to come up with new ways to generate power without producing carbon. This can be achieved, as he proposes, through satellite solar power (SSP). SSP means collecting solar energy using orbiting satellites which beam the power to ground using microwaves for collection by a rectenna. Energy can be transferred to Earth 24 hours a day without interference from clouds or nightfall. Hoffert also argues that we must change our view on global warming and divert from the BAU or else our civilization will not last.
Chapter Eight – The Day After Kyoto.
The Kyoto Protocol, active as of February 16, 2005, is a worldwide effort between nations to control greenhouse gas emissions. It began in 1992 and was supported by the U.S. president George H.W. Bush, who attended the U.N. Framework Convention where the U.S. agreed, along with other Annex 1 countries (China, Canada, Japan and nations of Europe included), to “return their emissions to 1990 levels,” or below. Clinton, succeeding president to Bush, also supported the protocol, but emission levels kept rising and not much was accomplished during his term. 
The Bush administration pulled the U.S. out of Kyoto in 2001 (it was one of only two nations to do so), where George W. Bush, who once promised solutions for controlling CO2 emissions during his campaign, now took a different stand that no longer supported Kyoto because, as he said to the public, the “state of scientific knowledge of the causes of, and solutions to, global climate change”, are “incomplete”.
Greenhouse gases are increasing rapidly (20% since 1990) and the US accounts for 34% of Annex 1 emissions. Since 2000, the Bush administration began using a “greenhouse gas intensity system”, which measures the ratio of emissions to economic output as a way of measuring emissions as a whole. Kolbert argues that the system is misleading and favors industrial development because while greenhouse gas levels are actually rising, according to this system they are supposedly falling.
According to Kolbert, the improper feed of information to the public is also supplement by books and web groups funded by huge corporations such as Exxon Mobil and General Motors, who are giving out information contradicting proven and alarming scientific evidence about global warming. Articles produced are falsely stating, among many things, that weather can’t be predicted ahead of time, global warming isn’t real and hasn’t been proven, or that a warming climate is something to celebrate.
Chapter Nine – Burlington, Vermont.
Kolbert writes about Burlington, Vermont’s largest city. Years ago, the citizens decided to stand up to global warming by using less power instead of buying more. The mayor of Burlington, Peter Clavelle, who has been mayor since 1989, came up with a program that encourages contractors to engage not in demolition but in “deconstruction”. This helps the city save energy by reducing waste and cutting down the need for new materials. Burlington’s electric department (BED) has a wind turbine that provided enough power for thirty homes and gets half of its energy from renewable sources, such as its 50 megawatt power plant that runs off of wood chips. The BED also leases compact fluorescent light bulbs for twenty cents a month because a family who uses these bulbs can cut their electricity bill by 10 percent. The city of Burlington estimates that their energy saving projects over the course of this lifetime will prevent the release of 175,000 tons of carbon. Burlington residents also eat locally and have turned old waste sites into an assortment of community gardens and cooperatives, the waste from these gardens is taken to a composting factory, and turned back into soil, making this process a “closed loop”. Clavelle’s plan has begun to pick up across America beginning with Greg Nickles, the mayor of Seattle, who created a set of principles called the “US Mayors Climate Protection Agreement”. This agreement has been signed by over a hundred and seventy mayors, representing about thirty – six million people. This agreement is trying to prove how much can be done at the local level and Clavelle hopes that more cities will adopt this plan. Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger of California later issued an executive order to drastically reduce California's greenhouse gas emissions.
Chapter Ten – Man in The Anthropocene.
Kolbert wraps up the book's main ideas by introducing a few new ideas and themes about climate change that had not been previously mentioned. The chapter starts out saying that modern humans are one of the primary influences on our environment and that we are entering an era aptly named the “Anthropocene” — the age of "Homo sapiens". Kolbert also discusses the impacts and discovery of chlorofluorocarbons or CFCs. Most of what she discusses CFCs in this chapter is based around the discovery of their negative impact on our ozone layer and the fact that this discovery only came about by accident. Kolbert also writes that we as a species can either come together to survive, or protect our self-interests as Earth’s climate continues to spiral out of our control. As Kolbert points out at the end of the chapter, if nothing changes in the way society looks at climate change, the world will tear itself apart. There is proof of this today, as entire countries evacuate due to severe weather changes, or others fight to control major resources such as food, water, and shelter. As people living in developed countries, we often take these basic needs for granted and do not realize how precious they really are. where humans will no longer be able to reverse the effects.

</doc>
<doc id="20248339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248339" title="Jeff Modisett">
Jeff Modisett

Jeffrey A. Modisett (born August 1954) is the former attorney general of the U. S. State of Indiana and county prosecuting attorney of Marion County, Indiana who has worked as an independent legal consultant and is currently a lawyer specializing in emerging high-technology companies while maintaining an affiliation with an international law firm.
Career.
State Attorney's offices.
Modisett was attorney general for the State of Indiana (1996–2000), Marion County (IN) Prosecuting Attorney (1991–1994), and Deputy Chief of the Public Corruption & Government Fraud Section of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Central District of California (1982–88).
Elected as Indiana attorney general in November 1996, Modisett became involved in two national efforts: the states’ legal battle against the country’s top cigarette manufacturers and the investigation of the sweepstakes industry.
He was a member of the 1997 states' negotiating team that reached a preliminary settlement, the Master Settlement Agreement with the tobacco industry which called for historic changes in the conduct of tobacco advertising in the United States. He was chairman of the 1998 Allocation Committee which was responsible for devising a formula for distributing the $205 billion settlement to each of the participating states and territories.
In 1998 and 1999, Modisett helped lead the states’ effort to reform the sweepstakes industry to better protect consumers, especially the elderly. He was voted one of the top lawyers in Indiana by Indianapolis Monthly magazine and, more recently, one of California’s "Superlawyers" by Los Angeles and Law & Politics magazines.
As Marion County Prosecutor he led the investigation and prosecution of the former heavyweight boxing champion, Mike Tyson. Other major prosecutions include U.S. v. Althea Flynt (wife of Hustler Magazine publisher; assault).
Modisett was Chairman of the Governor’s Commission for a Drug-Free Indiana (1989–2000), and the Governor’s Council of Impaired and Dangerous Driving (1989–2000). He also served as President of the Family Advocacy Center (Marion County, Ind.) (1991–1994), and the Hoosier Alliance Against Drugs (1993–95).
Corporate.
Modisett resigned his position of attorney general in 2000 to become the Deputy CEO & General Counsel of the 2000 Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles and co-CEO of TechNet, a political lobbying organization.
Current.
Modisett is currently the Chief Legal Officer of LOYAL3, a start-up company in San Francisco that provides a technology platform for online consumer stock ownership. He is also Senior Counsel at the international law firm of SNR Denton (Los Angeles office) where he serves as an advisor to Fortune 500 and high-technology companies on a number of issues including antitrust, consumer protection, privacy and political relationships. Modisett specializes in resolving complex legal problems prior to litigation and has worked as an independent consultant specializing in state and federal government relations. He is a co-founder of Civility Funds, a pro-social index fund, and an advisor to Accelify, Inc., and eTherapi.com.
Publications and lectures.
Modisett graduated from UCLA; attended Worcester College, Oxford as a Marshall Scholar where he completed an MA in Philosophy, Politics, and Economics; and obtained his law degree from the Yale Law School.

</doc>
<doc id="20248340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248340" title="The Khairy Chronicles">
The Khairy Chronicles

The Khairy Chronicles is a 33-part written report by Raja Petra Kamarudin published at Malaysia Today that allegedly details the rise and influence of Khairy Jamaluddin in Malaysian politics. A Malay-language version has been printed and distributed in 2006, after which Jamaluddin claimed that the book is fictional.

</doc>
<doc id="20248349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248349" title="Catholic Schools United Nations Assembly">
Catholic Schools United Nations Assembly

The Catholic Students United Nations Assembly (CSUNA), is a simulation of the United Nations that catapults students into the world of diplomacy and negotiation. CSUNA is hosted by St. Joseph's Morrow Park every year. As one of the largest Model United Nations conferences in Canada, it holds over 500 student delegates all over the Toronto Catholic District School Board. The student “delegates” draft resolutions, plot strategy, negotiate with supporters and adversaries, resolve conflicts and navigate the UN’s rules of procedures with all in the interest to resolve problems that affect almost every country in the world. CSUNA holds its conferences every year in the month of November at the CEC (Catholic Education Center) over the span of three days.
CSUNA XVI Secretariat.
SECRETARIAT OF 2010:

</doc>
<doc id="20248353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248353" title="Education in Marin County">
Education in Marin County

This article is about education in Marin County and lists the public schools within the county by location.

</doc>
<doc id="20248402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248402" title="King Corcoran">
King Corcoran

James Sean Patrick "King" Corcoran (1943–2009) was an American football quarterback in the Atlantic Coast Football League, Seaboard Football League, World Football League, and briefly in the American Football League. Corcoran played college football, mostly as a back-up, for the Maryland Terrapins. He gained notoriety for his flamboyant dress and playboy lifestyle, which earned him the reputation of being a "poor man's Joe Namath".
Early life and college.
Corcoran was born on July 6, 1943 in Jersey City, New Jersey to an Irish Catholic family. His father, a truck driver, died in 1966, after which Corcoran never saw his mother, who died in 2008. At the age of 15, he was on his own, with his younger brother Raymond, they lived out of their adolescences in a room at the YMCA. According to Corcoran, he gained the nickname "King" as a high school senior. A driving rainstorm hit during the first half of an important game, but when it let up at half time, Corcoran appeared wearing a clean uniform and sunglasses and the manager holding his helmet. Someone from the crowd yelled, "Hail to the King," and a melee erupted. Corcoran said, "I was ink now, I was someone . . . I went from a nothing quarterback to second-string all-state in two weeks. It was the turning point in my life." According to "The Washington Times", Corcoran was recruited by Notre Dame, Miami, and Maryland. Corcoran claimed students at Notre Dame did not party and those at Miami did so too much. He chose to attend Maryland because he felt it offered a balance between a social life and the opportunity to play football.
He attended the University of Maryland starting in 1961. He played as a back-up quarterback behind Dick Shiner and Alan Pastrana, but rarely started because of disagreements with the coaching staff. An injury benched Corcoran for the 1963 season. In his later life, Corcoran claimed to have led the Maryland to a 27–22 victory over Navy led by future Pro Football Hall of Famer Roger Staubach in 1964, but he did not actually play in that game. Corcoran's greatest college football accomplishment was leading the Maryand's 1961 freshman team to an undefeated season, including a 29–27 victory over the Navy Plebes under Staubach. At Maryland, Corcoran first developed his reputation for brashness, and he referred to himself as "The King". "The Washington Post" described him as such:"e was flamboyant, brash and utterly unforgettable. He was a showman, an unapologetic playboy, an egomaniacal self-promoter who traveled with his own PR agent. And, not least of all, he was a lady-killer on an epic scale. Not for nothing was he called the "poor man's Joe Namath," after the Hall of Fame New York Jets quarterback and notorious skirt chaser."
Professional career.
In 1967, he spent some time in camp with the American Football League's Denver Broncos, but was ultimately cut from the team. According to "The Washington Post", he was allegedly caught by the coach in bed with six women. Corcoran then signed with the Waterbury Orbits of the Atlantic Coast Football League. In 1967, Corcoran spent time on the AFL New York Jets taxi squad, where he was described as a "poor man's Joe Namath". After being cut by the New York Jets, Corcoran signed with the Lowell Giants, a farm team of the Boston Patriots. In 1968, he got his first taste of big-time football when he played two games for the parent club. In 1969, Corcoran signed a three-year, $125,000 contract with the Pottstown Firebirds. Corcoran would lead the Firebirds to back to back championships in 1969 and 1970. His last NFL experience was with the Philadelphia Eagles, who released him in 1971. Corcoran then signed with the Norfolk Neptunes, leading them to an ACFL Championship. In 1972, Corcoran quit the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League because he did not want to serve as its third-string quarterback, joining the Chambersburg Cardinals of the Seaboard Football League later that year. In 1974, he signed with the Philadelphia Bell of the newly formed World Football League. He led the WFL in passing touchdowns in the league's only full season. Corcoran completed 280 of 545 passes for 3,531 yards and 31 touchdowns. He also threw 24 interceptions and suffered 20 sacks.
After the WFL folded, Corcoran retired from professional football in 1975 and became involved in real estate. In the 1980s, he took up polo, and despite having had no prior experience with horses, was an adequate amateur competitor. He married and had children, but they eventually moved to Florida without him. Corcoran later spent some time in Las Vegas as a singer and performed with Engelbert Humperdinck. Some of Corcoran's business dealings were of questionable legality, and he had been embroiled in legal troubles since the 1970s. He was convicted of fraud for selling property he did not own, and in 1997, Corcoran spent six months in a federal prison for tax evasion. He moved frequently and spent his last years in various locations in the Baltimore-Washington metropolitan area. At the time of his death, he was living at a friend's house in Takoma Park, Maryland. He died of cardiac arrest on June 19, 2009 at Washington Adventist Hospital in Takoma Park.
King Corcoran was inducted into the American Football Association's Semi Pro Football Hall of Fame 1982
Media.
An episode of "The Rockford Files", "The No-Cut Contract", guest starring Rob Reiner as QB "King" Sturtevant, is a clear tongue-in-cheek reference to Corcoran. "King" is a quarterback playing in the lower leagues, unsuccessful womanizer, and all round character.

</doc>
<doc id="20248429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248429" title="John Ruttan">
John Ruttan

John Robertson Ruttan is the mayor of Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada.
Background.
Ruttan was born in Anchorage, Alaska and later moved with his parents to Victoria, British Columbia. His mother was born in Nome, Alaska; his father in Manitoba. His ancestors were Loyalists from New York and New Jersey, who arrived from Lorraine, France in the 1600s, and settled in Hay Bay, Ontario. He was educated at Monterey Elementary School, Oak Bay High School and Victoria College. He has lived in the Nanaimo area for over 45 years.
Ruttan has owned Nanaimo Travel and Cruise since 1980. He has also been president of Ruttan Holdings since 1993. In 2008 the Nanaimo Chamber of Commerce recognized Ruttan with the Sterling Community Award for "Citizen of the Year". He currently resides in Lantzville, British Columbia with his wife Dianne. They have two adult children.
2008 Election.
He was elected in Nanaimo's 2008 municipal election receiving 9032 out of 19539 votes compared to 6975 votes received by city councilor Diane Brennan. Incumbent candidate Gary Korpan received 3119 votes and Larry Iwaskow came in fourth place with 413 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20248430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248430" title="Natasha Mozgovaya">
Natasha Mozgovaya

Natasha Mozgovaya (born 1979) is an Israeli journalist. She is a reporter for Voice of America.
Background.
Mozgovaya was born in the Soviet Union in 1979 into a family of two Russian Jewish journalists and immigrated to Israel in 1990. At the age of 11, she published her first piece in a Russian newspaper. At 14, she was writing a weekly satiric column for the Russian-Israeli newspaper "Vesti". In time she advanced to become editor for two supplement magazines at the newspaper and translated several books from Russian to Hebrew.
Early career.
In 2000, Mozgovaya left "Vesti" and became a correspondent for Yediot Ahronoth newspaper, covering a broad spectrum of issues in Israel and all over the world, including 
the Disengagement from Gaza and the Second Lebanese War; immigration and human trafficking; hostage crises in the Former Soviet Union and North Caucasus conflicts; the Orange Revolution in Ukraine, including interviews with President Victor Yushenko and his partner-rival Yulia Timoshenko; in-depth reports dedicated to the Russian Mafia and Russian oligarchs; features from Chernobyl and Africa, from the post-election riots in Kenya to the AIDS situation in Malawi; Lost Tribes stories from North-Eastern India; the PKK in Kurdistan, etc.
During the presidency of Vladimir Putin, Mozgovaya did not just give a voice to the official representatives and symbolic figure as Mikhail Gorbachev and Mikhail Kalashnikov but contributed extensive coverage of the Russian opposition. She published one of the last interviews with the assassinated Russian journalist Anna Politkovskaya; interviews with Garry Kasparov, figures such as Edward Limonov, Boris Berezovsky, Chechen exiles such as Ahmed Zakaev; the widow of the poisoned ex-KGB agent Alexander Litvinenko, and many others.
Television.
Meanwhile, Mozgovaya anchored several television programs, including the investigative report program "Special Department" on Channel 9, "Osim Ruach", a cultural program on Channel 1, and "Ha-boker ha-Shvii", another cultural series aired on Saturday mornings on Channel 2, aside Daphna Spiegelmann. On Channel 1 she presented, along with Meni Pe’er, the special "Black Sea in the Heart", dedicated to the victims of the passenger plane that was hit by a Ukrainian missile on its way from Israel to Russia.
In January 2006 she was selected to anchor the 5pm news broadcast on Channel 2 along with Danni Kushmaro, raising high expectations, but her Russian accent gave rise to a public discussion of whether it was an acceptable feature for a news broadcaster of the major channel, and finally Mozgovaya returned to the print press. 
From October 2007 she presented the nightly newscast on Channel 9 and starred in the documentary series "Tmol Shilshom", that engages in the history of Israel from 1948, each part dedicated to a different year in history of the country. Although working most of the time in Hebrew, her reports in Russian from the Palestinian territories and Israel were published in various magazines and newspapers in Russia, and one of her blogs was chosen twice as "the best blog" in Russian blogosphere and the "Best Journalistic Blog in Russian" by Deutsche Welle in 2004.
Haaretz.
In 2008, Mozgovaya left Yedioth Ahronoth to become the Washington Bureau Chief for Haaretz newspaper in Washington, D.C.. She lives in Maryland with her Israeli husband and two children. She left Haaretz in 2012.
Voice of America.
In 2013, Mozgovaya became a Washington-based reporter for Voice of America.
Education.
Mozgovaya holds a bachelor's degree in Sociology and Anthropology and a master's degree in political science from Tel-Aviv University.
Social agenda.
Mozgovaya is committed to the promotion of the topics of minorities and representation in the media, and, among other things, was until recently a director on the board of the non-profit organization Agenda. She has lectured numerous times in various Israeli academic and public institutions about cultural differences, immigrants’ media, FSU politics and coverage of conflicts.
In 2008, volunteered for Russian language campaign promoting aid centers for victims of sexual abuse. 

</doc>
<doc id="20248432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248432" title="Pottsburg Creek">
Pottsburg Creek

The Pottsburg Creek is an urban creek in Jacksonville, Florida. Its beginning is near a retention pond behind the old studios of WJXX. It outputs near Arlington Road into the St. Johns River. The creek primarily flows through the heart of Jacksonville's Southside, and through southern parts of the Arlington neighborhood.
Tour.
The Pottsburg Creek originates in the Southpoint section of Jacksonville's Southside. The origins of the pond are unknown, however, most ideas point to a retention pond near a television studio formerly used by ABC affiliate WJXX. Historical records of Spanish land grants filed with the Florida territorial government, such as for the plot owned by Peter Bagley, indicate a tributary of the Arlington River named Pottsburg Creek on maps of the area as early as 1824. The creek starts out as very narrow, and almost swamplike canal. The creek travels under busy J. Turner Butler Blvd., heading north. The creek here is very overgrown, and almost impossible to see while driving at the normal speed limit. The creek meanders north through suburban parts of Jacksonville, being fed directly or indirectly by heavy amounts of pollution and fertilizers. Many retention ponds and storm drains owned by JEA, the utility company, feed into this part of the creek. This creates a heavily fluctuating water level through this section. The creek continues north where it approaches U.S. 90/SR 212/Beach Blvd. Located along the creeks are several television transmitters, including ones for WAWS, WTEV, and WCWJ. The transmitters for WTLV, WJXT, and the digital transmitter for WJXX are also visible nearby, across busy Southside Blvd. This area is known as Killarney Shores. The creek begins to wide as it starts to head out of the southside area and into Arlington. The creek is also frequented by boat traffic due to the city boat ramp nearby. Soon the creek is joined by the spring run for Pottsburg Spring and the Little Pottsburg Creek. The creek widens even more as it passes under Atlantic Blvd. and out to the St. Johns River.
Tributaries.
The Pottsburg Creek is mainly fed by rainwater, retention ponds, and storm drain runoff. Other main tributaries include the Little Pottsburg Creek, and discharge from the Pottsburg Spring.

</doc>
<doc id="20248437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248437" title="The Expendables (1989 film)">
The Expendables (1989 film)

The Expendables is a 1989 action film directed by Cirio H. Santiago. It stars Anthony Finetti, Peter Nelson, Loren Haynes and Kevin Duffis. It was written by Philip Alderton.
Its running time is 89 minutes. Since the movie is low budget, there is very little information about the movie and it is currently only available through VHS.
Plot.
The movie is a Vietnam exploitation film where a commando makes an elite team out of rebels. The men are trouble makers and rebels, but are able to perform well. The men are sent out to blow up a bridge and manage to destroy the North Vietnamese Army (NVA) guards. However, another NVA force arrives and an all out battle commences. During the battle, two of the men are killed, but the team kills off all of the NVA reinforcements and captures their leader.
The team is next sent on another mission to capture two village women, and then another to destroy an enemy base where another member is killed. They kill all of the NVA forces in the base, but their mission gets tougher when a prisoner escapes and captures American women and holds them hostage. The NVA splits up into two forces: one at an old fort and the other to ambush the team as it arrives.
Despite the NVA plan of ambush, the NVA are wiped out, but they manage to kill two of the women and one of the special squad. Realizing that there is little time, the squad goes on with their mission and finds the fort. Their squad leader goes inside the fort to recon and is captured. The squad decides to go in and rescue him, the POW girls, and kill the NVA leader.

</doc>
<doc id="20248449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248449" title="Coconut pearl">
Coconut pearl

The coconut pearl is alleged to be a coconut-produced gemstone. Claimed to be the rarest botanical gem in the world, the coconut pearl supposedly grows inside the coconut. However, the existence of these pearls is in dispute, and some claim that published photos are hoaxes. 
"Wayne's Word", the source of much of the descriptive text and photographs used to illustrate coconut pearls on the Internet, writes that "several botany textbooks flatly state that coconut pearls are a hoax because proof of their existence is totally unfounded" and "I prematurely published an on-line note about this "pearl" ["The Maharaja coconut pearl, on display at the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden in Coral Gables, Florida"] in 1996 before I discovered that it did not come from a coconut." They form in roughly one in every million coconuts according to the Ripley's believe it or not daily calendar.

</doc>
<doc id="20248465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248465" title="Kuei Chih-Hung">
Kuei Chih-Hung

Kuei Chih-Hung (桂治洪, aka Kwei Chi Hung, Gui Zhi-Hong, Gwai Chi-hung) (December 20, 1937 – October 1, 1999) was one of the most popular and daring filmmakers to work for the Hong Kong-based Shaw Brothers Studios, directing more than 40 films throughout the late '60s, '70s and early '80s. Known for his bold cinematic style, innovative use of realistic, on-location shooting and often gritty, controversial subject matter, Kuei found critical and commercial success working in a variety of genres, including the hard-boiled crime drama of "The Teahouse" (1974) and its sequel, "Big Brother Cheng" (1975), wuxia classic "Killer Constable" (1981), and the cult horror favorites "The Killer Snakes" (1975) and "Hex" (1980). Kuei often added subtle commentary to even his most mainstream projects, depicting the poverty of the public housing, police corruption and colonial government rule with an unflinching honesty.
Early life.
Kuei was born in Guangzhou (in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong) on December 20, 1937. Kuei's passion for cinema began as a high school student in Hong Kong, where he would cobble together makeshift shorts from a shoebox projector and discarded film stock. After graduating from high school, he studied stage production and filmmaking at Taiwan's National School of the Arts, experimenting on several 8 mm films. After writing a few film scripts for the Taiwan film industry, Kuei joined the famous Shaw Brothers Studio in the early 1960s. Initially hired as an assistant director on two Taiwan-shot Shaw films, "Lovers' Rock" (1964) and "Song of Orchid Island" (1965), his skill quickly led to projects in Hong Kong and an apprenticeship in Japan, where Kuei continued to hone his craft.
Shaw Brothers Career.
At the large Shaw Brothers Studio, Kuei gained a reputation as one of the most promising assistant film directors on numerous Hong Kong productions. In 1970, at the age of 34, he finally got the opportunity to direct a feature, "Love Song Over the Sea". Shot in Singapore and Malaysia, the troubled production was initially suspended after the film's star Peter Chen Ho, fell ill. The original director, Shi Mashan, left due to contractual reasons, allowing Kuei to step in. Pleased with his work on this film, the studio quickly gave him a number of directorial projects, including the musical comedy, "A Time for Love" and "The Lady Professional" (1971), both starring Lily Ho.
In 1973, he joined forces with the popular Shaw Brothers filmmaker, Chang Cheh, co-directing "The Delinquent", an edgy action drama about a young dishwasher who falls into a life of crime. Though collaboration between the two men, it is Kuei who is credited with the film's distinctive visual style, including the then pioneering use of on-location shoots in Hong Kong's gritty streets and public housing complexes. The film's success led to a string of early '70s hits with Kuei as the sole director, including the women-in prison exploitation flick, "The Bamboo House of Dolls" and the acclaimed vigilante drama, "The Teahouse". He proved a versatile, imaginative filmmaker with a distinctive style that carried through a number of diverse genres including comedy ("The Bod Squad", "Rat Catcher") and horror ("Ghost Eyes").
"The Teahouse", about an immigrant restaurant owner trying to protect his family from juvenile gangs, takes a scathing look at the criminal justice system in Hong Kong and is considered one of Kuei's landmark works. The film is also a strong example of Kuei's penchant for eschewing studio sets for the realistic immediacy of urban locations, vividly depicting the harsh environment of lower-class immigrant life. It was followed by a hit sequel in 1975, "Big Brother Cheng", with kung fu star Kuan Tai Chen reprising the eponymous role. Kuei transcended the tired revenge tropes of many action sequels, making "Big Brother Cheng" a compelling and uncompromising examination of crime, juvenile delinquency and social injustice.
Though Kuei's contributions to Hong Kong cinema have often been neglected in recent decades, one film in particular ensured that he would enjoy a devoted cult audience for many years to come. Reaching new extremes in graphic sex and violence, the horror movie "The Killer Snakes", is still considered one of Kuei's most notorious and controversial pictures. The plot centers on a young man's special powers with venomous snakes, which allow him to take revenge on those who have wronged him. Several over-the-top scenes of S&M sex and of course lethal snake attacks earned "The Killer Snakes" its following as a midnight movie classic and to some degree, cemented Kuei's reputation as a maverick filmmaker. The movie is also noteworthy for actor's Kam Kwok-Leung crazily committed performance and the use of hundreds of live poisonous snakes.
Kuei continued to challenge himself by directing segments for "The Criminals" film series, an acclaimed anthology based on actual Hong Kong cases. His episodes (across four films from 1975 to 1977) included "The Deaf Mute Killer," "The Informer" and "Arson". During the late '70s, Kuei also expanded his filmography to include Cantonese-language comedies ("Mr. Funnybone", "Crazy Imposters", "The Reckless Cricket") and kung fu ("The Iron Dragon Strikes Back").
The 1980s saw the versatile Kuei reinventing himself once again, this time with the popular supernatural fantasy, "Hex" and its two sequels, "Hex vs. Witchcraft" and "Hex After Hex". The latter contained Kuei's signature social satire, taking on such hot-button topics as real estate development and Hong Kong's looming reunification with China. In fact, an early cut of the 1982 film featured a sequence where a character is branded on his behind with "1997" the year mainland China would resume control over Hong Kong. Deemed too politically sensitive, the scene was re-edited and the branded posterior featured "SB" (for Shaw Brothers) instead. Still, Kuei ingeniously found a way to insert a visual gag at the studio's expense.
Kuei also delved into the "wuxia" genre for the first time with "Killer Constable" (1980). Though a box-office disappointment at the time of its release, today "Killer Constable" is considered one of Kuei's finest, most accomplished movies.
Reuniting with his "Teahouse"/"Big Brother Cheng" star, Kuan Tai Chen, Kuei's kung fu drama is set in ancient Beijing (a rare period piece for the director). Kuan plays a loyal detective investigating a burglary at the royal palace, who slowly realizes that the corruption and betrayal he is assigned to vanquish lies at the highest levels of power. The film was praised for its dark, violent tone, vivid on-location cinematography and genuine pathos.
Kuei's directorial credits during the 1980s also included "Corpse Mania", "Bewitched" and "The Boxer's Omen". With the rise of Hong Kong's New Wave filmmakers, a fresh cinematic style was emerging, though Kuei did not get to participate in this movement. He made one last film, the comedy "Misfire", in 1984, before immigrating to the United States, where he opened a pizza restaurant. Kuei died of liver cancer in 1999 at the age of 61.
His Legacy.
Though often overlooked due to his penchant for exploitation genres and his early retirement from the film industry, Kuei Chih-Hung's films have received a renewed appreciation and attention in recent years and he is often fondly referred to as the "Hong Kong Cult Meister." In 2011, the 35th Hong Kong International Film Festival paid tribute to Kuei with a nine-film retrospective, including screenings of "The Teahouse", "Killer Constable" and the "Hex" series. The Hong Kong Film Archive also published a bilingual edition of "Kuei Chih-Hung--The Rebel in the System", a look at his life and films.
Kuei's son, Ming Beaver Kwei, also works in the film industry and produced the 2009 romantic comedy, "Sophie's Revenge", starring Ziyi Zhang.
Notable Quotes.
"I fell in love with movies in high school and had been itching to make one of my own. But I did not have the money so I made a projector out of a shoe box. I placed a light bulb in it and saved up for film. At the time, movie studios would throw away bits and pieces of used film that did not make the cut. I bought them for my shoe box projector. The film stock back then was nitrate and highly flammable. One time the bulb got overheated and the film started burning. It almost caused a fire and my father gave me a good scolding." 
"I am not interested in making fanciful romantic movies at all. I have always wanted to take the realism approach. But in Hong Kong, that is so hard to do. If you make a movie about the mob, you may offend the real mob. If you object to the lenient sentences for juvenile delinquents, you may be condemned as 'agitator'. And if you include provocative dialogues, you may be mistaken as being political."
"A lot of people in Hong Kong tend to indulge themselves in mahjong playing and turn a blind eye to social problems. They think that as long as they do not get mugged themselves, everything is fine. I hope "Big Brother Cheng" can make them think again."
"In a time when movie-making is considered only an industry, I feel as if I were a factory worker. My job is the director, expected to produce whatever the market demands and I have no right to question that."
"The audience is hard to please. Their tastes tend to be low. The more vulgar the movie, the more likely you will make money. If you try to do something different or try to say something true to your beliefs, you might end up with a disastrous flop. To please the audience, you must resort to gimmicks. I make fantasy movies because audiences like them. But I'm not cavalier making them. I devoted a lot of thought on photography, lighting and so on."
"Compared to smaller studios, there are advantages and disadvantages to working for Shaw Brothers. Perhaps things have improved now, but in the past, independent productions were always running out of funds and that affected both the quality of the movie and your own livelihood. Shaw Brothers is at least well-equipped. If you need a set for a period movie, for example, just take a look in the sculpture room of the studio and you will find Shanghainese masters who specialize in making antique furniture. It is also true that New Wave directors have raised the standard. Now I can ask my crew, 'How do we compete with them when we are complacent?'"

</doc>
<doc id="20248511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248511" title="The Alan Dale Show">
The Alan Dale Show

The Alan Dale Show is an early American television program which ran on the DuMont Television Network in 1948, and then on CBS Television from 1950-1951.
Broadcast history.
"The Alan Dale Show" was a musical variety show starring singers Alan Dale and Janie Ford and set in a record store. The program, produced and distributed by DuMont, premiered August 10, 1948 and aired Tuesday nights from 7:00-7:15 pm ET on most DuMont affiliates. 
The network cancelled the series after a few months, but the series continued locally on DuMont's New York station WABD until March 1949. This show was reportedly the first DuMont series to use kinescopes for network broadcast.
In 1950, Alan Dale would go on to host a series on CBS which bore the same name as the DuMont series. From June to November 1950, the new "Alan Dale Show" aired on Friday nights at 11pm ET. Janie Ford did not star in the CBS version, which would change to a weekly evening program by December of the year. The CBS version of "The Alan Dale Show" was cancelled on January 16, 1951.
Episode status.
One June 1948 episode of the DuMont version, when it was still a local show on DuMont flagship station WABD, is held in the J. Fred MacDonald collection at the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="20248569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248569" title="E Street Radio">
E Street Radio

E Street Radio is a Sirius XM Radio channel, broadcasting on Sirius 20 (previously 10) and XM 20 (previously 58) since November 12, 2008, as well as on Dish Network channel 6020. Its format concentrates on Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band, including interviews, guest disc jockey sessions, studio outtakes, concert recordings, rarities and more. 
This was originally a Sirius-only channel, starting on November 1, 2005, to coincide with the release of "Born to Run 30th Anniversary Edition". That run finished three months later on January 31, 2006.
Sirius restarted E Street Radio on Channel 10 on September 27, 2007, in anticipation of his album "Magic" and the Magic Tour. 
Programed by Thomas Wilkinson
Celebrities that are Springsteen fans often appear on the channel. Brian Williams, Tom Morello, Pete Yorn, Dr. Oz, and even E Street Band member Max Weinberg's son Jay Weinberg have appeared on the channel.
E Street Radio celebrated ten years of satellite radio on March 9, 2012 with an exclusive live performance at the Apollo Theatre from Springsteen and the E Street Band to kick off the Wrecking Ball Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20248587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248587" title="Chris Pramas">
Chris Pramas

Chris Pramas is an award-winning American game designer and writer, as well as a founder of Green Ronin Publishing. He is best known as the designer of the Dragon Age RPG, Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay (second edition), and Freeport: The City of Adventure.
Career.
Pramas began his career in the game industry as a freelancer contributing to games such as Over the Edge, Feng Shui, and Underground. He joined Wizards of the Coast as a staff designer in 1996, eventually becoming a creative director at the company. Pramas left Wizards of the Coast in 2000 to form his own company, first known as Ronin Publishing but then dissolved and reformed as Green Ronin Publishing.
While continuing to lead Green Ronin Publishing, Chris has also worked for Flying Lab Software as the creative director on their Pirates of the Burning Sea MMORPG, and as the lead writer for Warhammher 40,000: Dark Millennium Online at Vigil Games.
Pramas' work for "Dungeons & Dragons" include: "Slavers" (2000, with Sean K. Reynolds), "Guide to Hell" (1999), "Apocalypse Stone" (2000, with Jason Carl), "Vortex of Madness" (2000), as well as some work on the third edition Player's Handbook (2000) and Dungeon Master's Guide (2000). He has also done work for Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay.
Pramas was a notable guest at Trinoc*coN in 2005, and a guest of honour at Ropecon 2008 in Dipoli, Espoo, Finland. In 2012, he appeared on two episodes of the web series TableTop running his Dragon Age roleplaying game for host Wil Wheaton and the show's guests. Beginning in 2012 he has also been one of the curators of an annual "Art of RPGs" art show featuring the work of artists whose work have appeared in role-playing games.
Bibliography.
Books Pramas has written or contributed to include the following:
Media Mentions.
Chris Pramas has appeared in the following newspaper and magazine articles, websites and podcasts.

</doc>
<doc id="20248667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248667" title="Steve West (darts player)">
Steve West (darts player)

Steve West (born 5 June 1975 in Epping) is an English darts player who currently plays for the Professional Darts Corporation. He is the brother of 2003 World Master Tony West and currently resides in Culemborg, the Netherlands.
BDO career.
West showed signs of a promising career quickly by reaching the final of the 2005 French Open, losing to local Dominique le Roy. He also reached the last 32 of the 2005 World Masters where he lost to Gary Anderson. In 2007, West reached another Open final in the 2007 Dutch Open, one of the BDO's biggest Open tournaments. Amongst his scalps were Dutchmen Co Stompé and Edwin Max before losing in the final to Scott Waites. Following this and three further quarter-finals, he qualified for the 2007 International Darts League, but was knocked out at the Preliminary Group Stage.
West then won his first Open title, winning the 2007 Denmark Open, beating the Netherlands' Niels de Ruiter in the semi-finals and then beat fellow Englishman James Wilson in the final. His performances earned him qualification for the 2008 BDO World Championship. He faced former World Champion Ted Hankey in the first round and lost 3-2 despite leading 2-1. West bounced back from his Lakeside defeat to win the 2008 German Gold Cup beating Andree Welge in the final. He then won the Finnish Open, beating local favourite and former Masters finalist Jarkko Komula in the semi-finals and then beat Norway's Robert Wagner in the final. He also made two semi-final showings in the Belgium Open and the French Open and reached the quarter-finals of the Northern Ireland Open. These performances helped West qualify automatically for the 2009 BDO World Championship at the Lakeside, where he was the number 13 seed. However, he was outclassed by Alan Norris 3-0 in the first round. West could not better this in 2010 either, as once again he relinquished a 2-1 lead this time to Irish débutante Martin McCloskey. In 2011, West once more lost in the first round to 2010 finalist Dave Chisnall after missing three darts at double top to win before Chisnall came back to force a tiebreak in the final set and eventually win. In 2012, West lost in the first round of the BDO World Championship for the fifth year in a row against former runner-up and world #1 Tony O'Shea. This levelled him with Davy Richardson and Tony Payne for the record of most first-round losses at the World Championship before finally winning.
It was announced at the end of the 2012 BDO World Championship that Steve would be one of many players to compete in the rival PDC's 'Q School' the following season, including his brother Tony. 
PDC career.
Steve successfully won a PDC tour card in the second day of 2012 qualifiers, defeating Gino Vos in the last round a day after Tony had earned his card. However, he did not play the full schedule of PDC ProTour events due to major hip surgery and could not advance beyond the last 64 in any of the ones he did play. He returned in 2013 to play in each of the eight UK Open Qualifiers where his best result came in event five, losing in the last 16 to Jelle Klaasen. West was placed 44th on the UK Open Order of Merit to enter the event in the second round, where he beat Jake Pennington 5–3. Further wins followed over Ian White and Richie Burnett to set up a fifth round meeting against Peter Wright, which he lost 9–4. The furthest he advanced during the rest of the season came in two Players Championships where he lost in the last 32 to Paul Nicholson and Wright both by 6–4 scorelines. 
West's two-year PDC tour card expired after the 2014 World Championship and he finished outside the top 64 on the Order of Merit so therefore entered Q School in January 2014 to retain his place. He was successful on the final day by defeating Mareno Michels 5–3 in his last match, revealing afterwards that he has changed his throwing action due to a hip replacement and bone graft he received in late 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20248684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248684" title="Monroe Railroad">
Monroe Railroad

Monroe Railroad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20248762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248762" title="USS Arapahoe (1864)">
USS Arapahoe (1864)

USS "Arapahoe" was a proposed United States Navy screw sloop-of-war or steam frigate that was cancelled in 1866 without being completed.
"Arapahoe" was a wooden-hulled, bark-rigged (or ship-rigged) "Contoocook"-class screw sloop-of-war or steam frigate with a single funnel slated to be built for the Union Navy late in the American Civil War. Because of the collapse of the Confederate States of America in 1865, plans for her construction were cancelled in 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="20248793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248793" title="Robert J. Schwalb">
Robert J. Schwalb

Robert J. Schwalb is a writer in the role-playing game industry.
Career.
Robert J. Schwalb works for "Wizards of the Coast". His works for "Dungeons & Dragons" include: "" (2006, with Robin Laws), "Drow of the Underdark" (2007, with Ari Marmell, Anthony Pryor, and Greg A. Vaughan), "Elder Evils" (2007), "Exemplars of Evil" (2007), "Tome of Magic" (2006, with Matthew Sernett, Dave Noonan, and Ari Marmell), "Player's Handbook II" (2006).
He has also worked for Green Ronin Publishing on Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay, and he has contributed to "" for Paradigm Concepts (2007).
Schwalb was a long-time developer and staff member for Green Ronin. With Patrick O'Duffy and Chris Pramas, Schwalb wrote "The Pirate's Guide to Freeport" (2007), a 256-page sourcebook on Green Ronin's best-known locale. Schwalb designed the "A Song of Ice and Fire Roleplaying" game, which previewed in 2008 and published in 2009; this was his last project for Green Ronin before he moved over to Wizards of the Coast. His additional role-playing work includes work for Black Industries, Fantasy Flight Games, and several other companies.
Schwalb became the writer for the online version of the popular "Dragon" column "Demonomicon of Iggwilv" in 2008, having thus far contributed articles for Yeenoghu and Baphomet.
Schwalb also co-wrote "Divine Power", a 4th Edition "D&D" supplement, which made the "Wall Street Journal" Best-Seller list for July 2009.
In 2012, Schwalb became one of the lead designers for the next edition of "Dungeons & Dragons".

</doc>
<doc id="20248810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248810" title="The Grateful Dead Channel">
The Grateful Dead Channel

The Grateful Dead Channel is a Sirius XM Radio channel playing music spanning American rock band Grateful Dead's entire career including unreleased concert recordings and original shows hosted by band members Bob Weir, Mickey Hart, Phil Lesh and Bill Kreutzmann. Rare archival interviews with Jerry Garcia are also featured. 
This channel was originally on Sirius. It airs on Sirius 23 (previously 32), XM 23 (previously 57) and on Dish Network channel 6023.
DirecTV XM Channel Lineup.
Coming soon to DirecTV, The Grateful Dead Channel will be home to DirecTV channel 819.

</doc>
<doc id="20248841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248841" title="The Arrow (album)">
The Arrow (album)

The Arrow is the debut album by the multi-media project fronted by Trey Gunn and Joe Mendelson called Quodia. It is a concept album divided into seven chapters.

</doc>
<doc id="20248847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248847" title="Peter H. Lin">
Peter H. Lin

Peter Lin is chief of the vascular surgery and endovascular therapy division of the Michael E. DeBakey Department of Surgery at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, Texas. In addition, he is the program director of the Vascular Surgery fellowship at the Baylor College of Medicine and consultant and attending vascular surgeon at the St. Luke's Episcopal Hospital, the Ben Taub General Hospital and the St. Joseph Medical Center.
Education.
Lin earned his undergraduate degree in Biology from the University of California at Riverside in 1988. He graduated from the Finch University of Health Sciences/Chicago Medical School in Chicago Illinois in 1992. He subsequently completed his general surgery residency at the Finch University of Health Sciences/Chicago Medical School in Illinois. During his general surgery residency training, he took a position as a research assistant in the Vascular Surgery Research Lab at the Loyola Stritch School of Medicine in Maywood, Illinois. From 1998 to 2000, he completed a Vascular Surgery fellowship and an Endovascular Surgery fellowship at the Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta Georgia.
Career.
Lin's career includes notable accomplishments as an attending physician and medical school faculty first in Atlanta, Georgia, and later in Houston, Texas.
Research interests and contributions.
Lin’s research interest is in cellular dysfunction in arterial and venous thrombosis as well as experimental model of endovascular therapy. His research expertise also includes clinical outcome of endovascular interventions. Lin has published more than 250 scholarly articles in scientific journals such as "New England Journal of Medicine", "Blood", "Atherosclerosis", "Journal of Vascular Surgery", "Journal of Cardiovascular Surgery", "Surgical Forum", "Journal of Surgical Research", "Vascular Surgery", "Journal of Vascular Interventional Radiology", "Journal of Endovascular Therapy", and "Journal of the American College of Surgeons", and "American Journal of Surgery." He has authored more than 55 book chapters and edited 3 vascular textbooks. Additionally, he has made numerous presentations to professional audiences throughout North America, Australia, and Europe. His writing and speaking have focused on a range of subjects including endovascular treatment of aortic aneurysms, venous disease, endovascular treatment of lower extremity occlusive disease, experimental models of endovascular therapy, and thrombolysis in arterial and venous thrombosis research.
Publications.
Publications have focused on intimal hyperplasia, endovascular surgery and surgical techniques. 
Partial list:

</doc>
<doc id="20248858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248858" title="1985 Houston Oilers season">
1985 Houston Oilers season

The 1985 Houston Oilers season was the 26th season overall and 16th with the National Football League. The team improved upon their previous season's output of 3–13, winning five games, but failed to qualify for the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="20248922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248922" title="USS Keosauqua (1864)">
USS Keosauqua (1864)

USS "Keosauqua" was a proposed United States Navy screw sloop-of-war or steam frigate that was cancelled in 1866 without being completed.
"Keosauqua" was a wooden-hulled bark-rigged (or ship-rigged) "Contoocook"-class screw sloop-of-war or steam frigate with a single funnel slated to be built for the Union Navy late in the American Civil War. She was listed in the 1864 Naval Register as "building;" her hull was projected but never completed.
Because of the collapse of the Confederate States of America in 1865, plans for her construction were cancelled in 1866. Her name was stricken from the Navy List in 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="20248941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248941" title="We Are Machines">
We Are Machines

We Are Machines is the second studio album by Street Drum Corps. It was released on April 1, 2008. The album features special guests Adrian Young, theSTART, Sporty O, Tor Kjeka, and David Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="20248979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20248979" title="1982 CIS Men's Soccer Championship">
1982 CIS Men's Soccer Championship

The 1982 CIS Men's Soccer Championship was hosted by McGill University.
Some of the data is incomplete according to the 2008 CIS Soccer Almanac.
All-Canadians.
First Team(1-11) and Second Team(12-22) with school and hometown.
Nationals.
Semi-final
Final

</doc>
<doc id="20249005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249005" title="Tony Hudson">
Tony Hudson

Anthony Lamont Hudson (born: June 29, 1958) was a pitcher who is most notable for winning the 1979 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a sophomore at California State University, Fullerton. He is one of five players from California State University, Fullerton to win that award. The others are John Fishel, Phil Nevin, Mark Kotsay and Jason Windsor.
In 1979, he was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 17th round, however he chose not to sign. However, when he was selected by the Texas Rangers in the seventh round of the 1980 draft, he did sign. He played professionally until 1987, however he never reached the majors. During his professional career, he was mostly used as a relief pitcher.
In 1980, he played for the Tulsa Drillers, appearing in 14 games (13 starts), and going 5-4 with a 4.68 ERA. He played for both Tulsa and the Asheville Tourists in 1981, going 2-5 with a 5.58 ERA in 16 games (six starts) for the Tourists and 2-3 with a 4.11 ERA in six games (all starts) for the Drillers. 
He spent the 1982 season with the Denver Bears and Burlington Rangers. He appeared in only two games for the Bears, going 0-0 with a 2.45 ERA. For the Rangers, he made 43 relief appearances, going 6-1 with a 1.92 ERA. 
Splitting the 1983 season between the Bears and Drillers, Hudson went 5-4 with a 4.91 ERA in 23 games. In 29 games for the Drillers, he went 2-3 with a 7.20 ERA. He spent 1984 with the Salem Redbirds, going 7-5 with a 3.71 ERA in 39 games (nine starts). 
Back with Tulsa in 1985, Hudson went 8-4 with a 2.17 ERA in 51 games. He pitched the final two seasons of his professional career in the Toronto Blue Jays organization. In 1986, he played for the Syracuse Chiefs and Knoxville Blue Jays. He went 2-3 with a 4.70 ERA in 28 games with the Chiefs and 2-1 with a 2.12 ERA in 23 games with the Blue Jays. He wrapped up his career in 1987, playing for the Knoxville Blue Jays again. He went 5-5 with a 4.59 ERA in 40 games that season. 

</doc>
<doc id="20249056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249056" title="Jandala">
Jandala

Jandala may refer to one of several places in modern Pakistan:

</doc>
<doc id="20249078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249078" title="Franz Volkmar Reinhard">
Franz Volkmar Reinhard

Franz Volkmar Reinhard (March 12, 1753 – September 6, 1812) was a German Protestant theologian who was a native of Vohenstrauß.
In 1780 he became an associate professor of theology and philosophy at the University of Wittenberg, where he was rector in 1790-91. In 1792 he was appointed "Oberhofprediger" (first preacher) to the Saxon court in Dresden.
Reinhard was one of the more influential Protestant ministers of his era, and was an important representative of "enlightened theological supernaturalism". He was not opposed to contemporary rationalist thought, yet at the same time stressed the importance of divine supremacy and Biblical authority. In his sermons and lectures he attempted to establish the "truth of Lutheranism" by rational means.
Reinhard was a prominent figure regarding the Leben-Jesu-Forschung (Quest for the Historical Jesus) movement, a concept initiated by Hermann Samuel Reimarus (1694-1768). He also exerted substantial influence upon the German educational system. Among written works attributed to him was a 39-volume collection of his sermons, which were published between 1793 and 1837. Other noted publications by Reinhard include:

</doc>
<doc id="20249081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249081" title="USS Tahgayuta (1863)">
USS Tahgayuta (1863)

USS "Tahgayuta" was a proposed United States Navy screw sloop-of-war or steam frigate of 1863 that was cancelled.
"Tahgayuta" was a wooden-hulled bark-rigged (or ship-rigged) "Contoocook"-class screw sloop-of-war or steam frigate with a single funnel slated to be built in 1863 for the Union Navy by Hazelhurst and Wiegard of Baltimore, Maryland. Plans for her construction were cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="20249083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249083" title="Noir Drive">
Noir Drive

Noir Drive is an Australian film noir short film written and directed by Benson Riddle, produced by Matthew Bristow, and starring Matt Passmore, Rachael Berry, Vincent Stone, Nic Aplin and Steve Price. Set in Sydney, Australia in 1952, it tells the story of Reilly (played by Passmore), a private detective, who gets shanghaied into a web of lies and deceit following the murder of a wealthy businessman. Previously missing, the sudden return of his beautiful yet mysterious widow (played by Berry) only complicates matters further.
"Noir Drive" premiered at the 2008 LA Shorts Fest.
Plot.
In Sydney in 1952 and returning from a month away, the private investigator Reilly finds his office has been taken over by the building's janitor, Jerry Vane, who has been impersonating him in his absence. Roughing Vane over, Reilly discovers he has taken a missing person's case in which an insurance company is trying to locate someone named Alex Pleshette. However when Reilly presents himself to the insurance office to drop the case, the owner Max Arnett claims he never hired his agency to begin with. On the way out however, Arnett's receptionist inadvertently gives away the truth that Reilly was in fact hired.
Heading back to his office, Reilly is confronted by two thugs in an alley who beat him and tell him to lay off the Pleshette case. In his office a short time later, a beautiful young woman in black arrives. Presenting herself as Mrs. Pleshette, Reilly assumes she is Alex Pleshette's wife, however she curtly informs him that her husband is dead, and that she is actually Alexandra, better known as Alex Pleshette. She tells him to stop interfering as she is now no longer missing, and departs – leaving him even more confused.
Next day, Reilly finds out from his police detective friend Jack Bosley that Alex Pleshette witnessed the murder of her husband, a wealthy tycoon named Donald Pleshette who was at the time being investigated for company insurance fraud. However, she was knocked unconscious by the killer and as a result is unable to remember the event. Not long after this, she went missing and no one knew where she was, not even her lover Gabe Preston, her husband's disgruntled business partner. Reilly recognizes that Preston would thus have a motive for murder, but Bosley explains that he has a strong alibi.
Later, Reilly gives Vane a camera and instructs him to follow Arnett and take photos of anything that appears interesting. Meanwhile he drives to the Pleshette mansion on Noir Drive to confront Alex. She concedes that although she was bitter towards her husband as a result of the fraud allegations against him, she had no proof that her husband was even involved in the fraud, and that even if she did she couldn't disclose them because of the legal principle of marital privilege, whereby spouses cannot testify against each other. They are then interrupted by the arrival of Gabe Preston. Alex introduces them before promptly leading Reilly out of the house. On his way out, Reilly explains to Alex that whoever hired him did so on the instruction of her husband's killer, worried that she may regain her memory at any time, and wanting her close by if she did. Reilly says he believes she knows more than she realises, but she replies "at times we all want to be kept in the dark".
Back at his office, Reilly looks through the photos taken by Vane, and in one sees Max Arnett meeting up with Gabe Preston. He promptly calls Bosley, who confirms that Preston's alibi was in fact Arnett. Reilly rushes off to the Pleshette mansion but Preston and Alex have left for good.
Far way on a tropical island resort, Preston and Alex lounge back on a beach. Alex however is unsettled – her memory then triggered by the pop of the champagne cork – and she realises it was Gabe Preston who murdered her husband. Looking down to reveal the wedding ring she now wears as Mrs. Alex Preston, it occurs to her that Preston now not only has access to the entire fortune, but that she is unable to testify against him because of marital privilege.

</doc>
<doc id="20249113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249113" title="Elizabeth Pabodie">
Elizabeth Pabodie

Elisabeth Pabodie (1623–1717), also known as Elisabeth Alden Pabodie or Elisabeth Peabody, was allegedly the first white woman born in New England.
Elisabeth Pabodie was born Elisabeth Alden in 1623, the first-born child of the Plymouth Colony settlers John Alden and Priscilla Mullins, who were both passengers on the Mayflower in 1620. She married William Pabodie (Peabody), a leader of Duxbury, Massachusetts, on December 26, 1644. All thirteen of their children were born in Duxbury before Elisabeth eventually moved to Little Compton, Rhode Island in the 1680s. She died on the 31st of May in 1717 in Little Compton and was buried in the cemetery on Little Compton Common.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow was a descendant of Elisabeth Pabodie and made her parents John Alden and Priscilla Mullins famous through his poem "The Courtship of Miles Standish".

</doc>
<doc id="20249125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249125" title="List of women ODI cricketers">
List of women ODI cricketers

This is a list by country of every woman cricketer who has played at least one One Day International.
Australia.
Lee Albon ·
Sarah Andrews ·
Denise Annetts ·
Cherie Bambury ·
Alex Blackwell ·
Kate Blackwell ·
Wendy Blunsden ·
Sharyn Bow ·
Kim Bradley ·
Elaine Bray ·
Kris Britt ·
Joanne Broadbent ·
Louise Broadfoot ·
Karen Brown ·
Ruth Buckstein ·
Melissa Bulow ·
Leonie Callaghan ·
Bronwyn Calver ·
Julie Calvert ·
Jessica Cameron ·
Belinda Clark ·
Leonie Coleman ·
Lynette Cook ·
Sally Cooper ·
Marie Lutschini ·
Shannon Cunneen ·
Jodi Dannatt ·
Jodie Davis ·
Trish Dawson ·
Lauren Ebsary ·
Sarah Edwards ·
Denise Emerson ·
Judy Esmond ·
Avril Fahey ·
Rene Farrell ·
Valerie Farrell ·
Kim Fazackerley ·
Annette Fellows ·
Jodie Fields ·
Cathryn Fitzpatrick ·
Jane Franklin ·
Lyn 'Lefty' Fullston ·
Jo Garey ·
Anne Gordon ·
Zoe Goss ·
Michelle Goszko ·
Sally Griffiths ·
Belinda Haggett ·
Glenda Hall ·
Julie Hayes ·
Rachael Haynes ·
Alyssa Healy ·
Sharlene Heywood ·
Lorraine Hill ·
Sharyn Hill ·
Wendy Hills ·
Julie Hunter ·
Lee-Anne Hunter ·
Jen Jacobs ·
Margaret Jennings ·
Mel Jones ·
Tunde Juhasz ·
Lisa Keightley ·
Rhonda Kendall ·
Jill Kennare ·
Delissa Kimmince ·
Miriam Knee ·
Lyn Larsen ·
Frances Leonard ·
Emma Liddell ·
Jan Lumsden ·
Andrea McCauley ·
Terry McGregor ·
Tina Macpherson ·
Olivia Magno ·
Debbie Martin ·
Charmaine Mason ·
Christina Matthews ·
Patsy May ·
Sally Moffat ·
Kerry Mortimer ·
Wendy Napier ·
Shelley Nitschke ·
Erin Osborne ·
Jenny Owens ·
Melissa Papworth ·
Ellyse Perry ·
Kirsten Pike ·
Wendy Piltz ·
Jackie Potter ·
Leah Poulton ·
Julia Price ·
Karen Price ·
Dawn Rae ·
Katherine Raymont ·
Karen Read ·
Lindsay Reeler ·
Karen Rolton ·
Terri Russell ·
Emma Sampson ·
Kerry Saunders ·
Cathy Smith ·
Clea Smith ·
Lisa Sthalekar ·
Julie Stockton ·
Stephanie Theodore ·
Raelee Thompson ·
Janette Tredrea ·
Sharon Tredrea ·
Peta Verco ·
Caroline Ward ·
Wendy Weir ·
Christine White ·
Megan White ·
Bev Wilson ·
Debbie Wilson ·
Martha Winch
Denmark.
Malene Brock ·
Dorte Christensen ·
Eva Christensen ·
Dorte Christiansen ·
Trine Christiansen ·
Charlotte Corneliussen ·
Anne-Mette Fernandes ·
Mette Frost ·
Mette Gregersen ·
Henriette Hansen ·
Lene Hansen ·
Malene Iversen ·
Heidi Jensen ·
Jane Jensen ·
Janni Jonsson ·
Pernille Jonsson ·
Susanne Jorgensen ·
Heidi Kjaer ·
Betina Langerhuus ·
Lilli Laursen ·
Karin Mikkelsen ·
Inger Neilsen ·
Susanne Neilsen ·
Vibeke Neilsen ·
Jette Philipsen ·
H. Pico ·
Marlene Slebsager ·
Charlotte Smith ·
Hanne Sorensen ·
Linda Sorensen ·
Pia Thomsen ·
Lene Vilsgaard
England.
Lynsey Askew ·
Caroline Atkins ·
Enid Bakewell ·
Caroline Barrs ·
Tammy Beaumont ·
Rosalie Birch ·
Arran Brindle ·
Jan Brittin ·
Katherine Brown ·
Katherine Brunt ·
Linda Burnley ·
Jo Chamberlain ·
Sarah Clarke ·
Lesley Clifford ·
Sarah Collyer ·
Holly Colvin ·
Clare Connor ·
Sarah-Jane Cook ·
Cathy Cooke ·
Lesley Cooke ·
Jacqueline Court ·
Julie Crump ·
Jill Cruwys ·
Barbara Daniels ·
Steph Davies ·
Leanne Davis ·
Heather Dewdney ·
Ella Donnison ·
June Edney ·
Charlotte Edwards ·
Alison Elder ·
Susan Goatman ·
Mandie Godliman ·
Janet Godman ·
Clare Gough ·
Jane Gough ·
Kay Green ·
Lydia Greenway ·
Julia Greenwood ·
Isa Guha ·
Jenny Gunn ·
Danielle Hazell ·
Laura Harper ·
Jackie Hawker ·
Rosalind Heggs ·
Rachael Heyhoe-Flint ·
Sue Hilliam ·
Carole Hodges ·
Shirley Hodges ·
Dawn Holden ·
Nicola Holt ·
Glynis Hullah ·
Karen Jobling ·
Laura Joyce ·
Suzie Kitson ·
Heather Knight ·
Megan Lear ·
Kathryn Leng ·
Hannah Lloyd ·
Patsy Lovell ·
Kate Lowe ·
Ruth Lupton ·
Gillian McConway ·
Laura Marsh ·
Pamela Mather ·
Debra Maybury ·
Susan Metcalfe ·
Marie Moralee ·
Beth Morgan ·
Catherine Mowat ·
Laura Newton ·
Bev Nicholson ·
Lisa Nye ·
Kate Oakenfold ·
Lucy Pearson ·
Margaret Peear ·
Mary Pilling ·
Helen Plimmer ·
Sarah Potter ·
Jane Powell ·
Jill Powell ·
Ebony-Jewel Rainford-Brent ·
Lynne Read ·
Sue Redfern ·
Melissa Reynard ·
Charlie Russell ·
Nicki Shaw ·
Anya Shrubsole ·
Jane Smit ·
Gillian Smith ·
Karen Smithies ·
Jan Southgate ·
Laura Spragg ·
Avril Starling ·
June Stephenson ·
Amanda Stinson ·
Debra Stock ·
Jill Stockdale ·
Helen Stother ·
Clare Taylor ·
Claire Taylor ·
Sarah Taylor ·
Janet Tedstone ·
Lynne Thomas ·
Jacqueline Wainwright ·
Alexia Walker ·
Helen Wardlaw ·
Chris Watmough ·
Wendy Watson ·
Jo Watts ·
Claire Whichcord ·
Kath Wilkins ·
Margaret Wilks ·
Katharine Winks ·
Elaine Wulcko ·
Danielle Wyatt
India.
Sandhya Agarwal ·
Nooshin Al Khadeer ·
Gargi Banerji ·
Runa Basu ·
Vrinda Bhagat ·
Pramila Bhatt ·
Lopamudra Bhattacharj ·
Sirupa Bose ·
Sandra Braganza ·
Nidhi Buley ·
Sharmila Chakraborty ·
Anjum Chopra ·
Purnima Choudhary ·
Sangita Dabir ·
Soniya Dabir ·
Diana David ·
Neetu David ·
Minoti Desai ·
Anagha Deshpande ·
Rita Dey ·
Rumeli Dhar ·
Kalyani Dhokarikar ·
Rajeshwari Dholakia ·
Preeti Dimri ·
Diana Edulji ·
Laya Francis ·
Reshma Gandhi ·
Arunadhati Ghosh ·
Rekha Godbole ·
Jhulan Goswami ·
Bindeshwari Goyal ·
Rajeshwari Goyal ·
Shashi Gupta ·
Smitha Harikrishna ·
Susan Itticheria ·
Anju Jain ·
Karu Jain ·
Nilima Jogalekar ·
Neeta Kadam ·
Hemlata Kala ·
Venkatacher Kalpana ·
Thirush Kamini ·
Mamata Kanojia ·
Chanderkanta Kaul ·
Harmanpreet Kaur ·
Fowzieh Khalili ·
Arundhati Kirkire ·
Shubhangi Kulkarni ·
Mamantha Maben ·
Reema Malhotra ·
Babita Mandlik ·
Deepa Marathe ·
Renu Margrate ·
Sandhya Mazumdar ·
Rishijae Mudgel ·
Manju Nadgoda ·
Niranjana Nagarajan ·
Sravanthi Naidu ·
Sulakshana Naik ·
Ujwala Nikam ·
Devika Palshikar ·
Shobha Pandit ·
Sunetra Paranjpe ·
Kalpan Paropkari ·
Rita Patel ·
Anjali Pendharker ·
Snehal Pradhan ·
Seema Pujare ·
Rekha Punekar ·
Varsha Raffel ·
Mithali Raj ·
Shantha Rangaswamy ·
Purnima Rau ·
Poonam Raut ·
Asha Rawat ·
Kavita Roy ·
Priyanka Roy ·
Lissy Samuel ·
Beas Sarkar ·
Sudha Shah ·
Amita Sharma ·
Anjali Sharma ·
Jaya Sharma ·
Rupanjali Shastri ·
Shyama Shaw ·
Amrita Shinde ·
Sunita Singh ·
Manimala Singhal ·
Sujata Sridhar ·
Gouher Sultana ·
Monica Sumra ·
Arati Vaidya ·
Rajani Venugopal
International XI.
Eileen Badham ·
Sandra Braganza ·
Donna Carmino ·
Pamela Crain ·
Audrey Disbury ·
Gloria Farrell ·
Valerie Farrell ·
Cathy Garlick ·
Jan Hall ·
Lynley Hamilton ·
Mary Harris ·
Karen Jobling ·
Margaret Jude ·
Rhonda Kendall ·
Paulette Lynch ·
Gillian McConway ·
Betty McDonald ·
Trish McKelvey ·
Renuka Majumder ·
Chris Miller ·
Jenny Owens ·
Sue Rattray ·
Lynette Smith ·
Lynne Thomas ·
Ingrid van der Elst ·
Babette van Teunenbroek ·
Wendy Williams
Ireland.
Donna Armstrong ·
Emma Beamish ·
Caitriona Beggs ·
Terri Bennett ·
Susan Bray ·
Aoife Budd ·
Una Budd ·
Marguerite Burke ·
Jean Carroll ·
Grainne Clancy ·
Nicola Coffey ·
Sandra Dawson ·
Jo Day ·
Laura Delany ·
Kim Garth ·
Valmal Gee ·
Miriam Grealey ·
Rachel Hardiman ·
Helen Hearnden ·
Marianne Herbert ·
Judith Herbison ·
Cecelia Joyce ·
Isobel Joyce ·
Amy Kenealy ·
Suzanne Kenealy ·
Grainne Leahy ·
Anne Linehan ·
Julie Logue ·
Gillian McCall ·
Louise McCarthy ·
Anne-Marie McDonald ·
Barbara McDonald ·
Collette McGuiness ·
Joanne McKinley ·
Ciara Metcalfe ·
Lara Molins ·
Mary-Pat Moore ·
Laura Morgan ·
Anne Murray ·
Elaine Nolan ·
Clare O'Leary ·
Catherine O'Neill ·
Elizabeth Owens ·
Stella Owens ·
Davina Pratt ·
Sonia Reamsbottom ·
Eimear Richardson ·
Melissa Scott-Hayward ·
Shona Seawright ·
Cliodhna Sharp ·
Clare Shillington ·
Tracey Skoyles ·
Gwynneth Smith ·
Jillian Smythe ·
Adele Spence ·
Nikki Squire ·
Alice Stanton ·
Pamela Trohear ·
Mary Waldron ·
Janice Walsh ·
Heather Whelan ·
Jill Whelan ·
Karen Young ·
Saibh Young
Jamaica.
Evelyn Bogle ·
Dorrett Davis ·
Elaine Emmanual ·
Peggy Fairweather ·
Hyacinth Flemmings ·
Yolande Geddes-Hall ·
Dorothy Hobson ·
Vivalyn Latty-Scott ·
Audrey McInnis ·
L McIntosh ·
Yvonne Oldfield ·
Madge Stewart ·
Leila Williams
Japan.
Aya Fujishiro ·
Ritsuko Hiroto ·
Izumi Iimura ·
Masumi Ishiyama ·
Kaori Kato ·
Maki Kenjo ·
Michiko Kono ·
Shizuka Kubota ·
Ema Kuribayashi ·
Ayako Miyazaki ·
Momoko Saito ·
Eriko Sakata ·
Yuko Sasaki ·
Keiko Uchibori
Netherlands.
Angela Battenberg-Venturini ·
Marloes Braat ·
Mickey de Boer ·
Teuntje de Boer ·
Caroline de Fouw ·
Carlijn de Groot ·
Esther de Lange ·
Merel de Regt ·
Hilone Dinnissen ·
Lotte Egging ·
Cornelia Eveleens ·
Martika Flieringa ·
Evelien Gerrits ·
Wendy Gerritsen ·
Chantal Grevers ·
Muriel Grunsing ·
Denise Hannema ·
Jolet Hartenhof ·
Caroline Hes ·
Leonie Hoitink ·
Marieke Hommels ·
Jiska Howard ·
Edmee Janss ·
Iris Jharap ·
Saskia Keijzer-Klein ·
Ingrid Keyzer ·
Debby Kooij ·
Isabelle Koppe-V-Dishoek ·
Mandy Kornet ·
Maartje Köster ·
Sandra Kottman ·
Annette Kroon ·
Inge Kure ·
Inge Leurs ·
Dorine Loman ·
Madeleine Loman ·
Geeshe Ludwig ·
Barbara Meihuizen ·
Sashia Melchers ·
Rowan Milburn ·
Alarda Mol ·
Marjolijn Molenaar ·
Marijn Nijman ·
Lonneke Offenberg ·
Cheraldine Oudolf ·
Marijke Overhoff ·
Jacqueline Pashley ·
Nicola Payne ·
Denise Prins ·
Caroline Rambaldo ·
Helmien Rambaldo ·
Elise Reynolds ·
Caroline Salomons ·
Remke Scheepstra ·
Irene Schoof ·
Maaike Schroeder ·
Annemarie Tanke ·
Pauline te Beest ·
Minou Toussaint ·
Andrea van de Broeke ·
Claudine van de Kieft ·
Cor van der Flier ·
Tessa van der Gun ·
Eugenie van Leeuwen ·
Anita van Lier ·
Ariette van Noortwijk ·
Karen van Rijn ·
Babette van Teunenbroek ·
Esther Veltman ·
Carly Verheul ·
Miranda Veringmeier ·
Liesbeth Vernout ·
Birgit Viguurs ·
Violet Wattenberg ·
Vanda Wesenhagen ·
Izzy Westbury ·
Kirsten Zorab
New Zealand.
Elizabeth Allan ·
Trudy Anderson ·
Lisa Astle ·
Eileen Badham ·
Suzie Bates ·
Erin Bermingham ·
Barbara Bevege ·
Bev Brentnall ·
Kate Broadmore ·
Kelly Brown ·
Sue Brown ·
Nicola Browne ·
Sarah Burke ·
Jos Burley ·
Abby Burrows ·
Vicki Burtt ·
Di Caird ·
Catherine Campbell ·
Emma Campbell ·
Rachel Candy ·
Pat Carrick ·
Selena Charteris ·
Jackie Clark ·
Delwyn Costello ·
Shirley Cowles ·
Ingrid Cronin-Knight ·
Helen Daly ·
Sophie Devine ·
Anna Dodd ·
Natalie Dodd ·
Lucy Doolan ·
Judi Doull ·
Emily Drumm ·
Janette Dunning ·
Maria Fahey ·
Paula Flannery ·
Kirsty Flavell ·
Debbie Ford ·
Fiona Fraser ·
Linda Fraser ·
Shelley Fruin ·
Justine Fryer ·
Shona Gilchrist ·
Amanda Green ·
Paula Gruber ·
Karen Gunn ·
Karen Hadlee ·
Losi Harford ·
Julie Harris ·
Sheree Harris ·
Cheryl Henshilwood ·
Debbie Hockley ·
Sarah Illingworth ·
Ingrid Jagersma ·
Yvonne Kainuku ·
Katrina Keenan ·
Ros Kember ·
Frances King ·
Penny Kinsella ·
Karen Le Comber ·
Brigit Legg ·
Maia Lewis ·
Victoria Lind ·
Linda Lindsay ·
Jackie Lord ·
Michelle Lynch ·
Erin McDonald ·
Kim McDonald ·
Sara McGlashan ·
Trish McKelvey ·
Ann McKenna ·
Sarah McLauchlan ·
Beth McNeill ·
Carol Marett ·
Katey Martin ·
Aimee Mason ·
Rowan Milburn ·
Louise Milliken ·
Katrina Molloy ·
Sue Morris ·
Lesley Murdoch ·
Karen Musson ·
Clare Nicholson ·
Morna Nielsen ·
Jenny Olson ·
Glenys Page ·
Nicola Payne ·
Maureen Peters ·
Karen Plummer ·
Lynda Prichard ·
Rachel Priest ·
Kate Pulford ·
Rachel Pullar ·
Kathryn Ramel ·
Sue Rattray ·
Rebecca Rolls ·
Ethna Rouse ·
Sian Ruck ·
Justine Russell ·
Edna Ryan ·
Amy Satterthwaite ·
Jill Saulbrey ·
Natalee Scripps ·
Viv Sexton ·
Liz Signal ·
Rose Signal ·
Lois Simpson ·
Anna Smith ·
Rebecca Steele ·
Haidee Tiffen ·
Emily Travers ·
Donna Trow ·
Sarah Tsukigawa ·
Munokoa Tunupopo ·
Jennifer Turner ·
Nicki Turner ·
Helen Watson ·
Nancy Williams
Pakistan.
Abida Khan ·
Aisha Jalil ·
Almas Akram ·
Armaan Khan ·
Asmavia Iqbal ·
Asma Farzand ·
Batool Fatima ·
Bismah Maroof ·
Deebah Sherazi ·
Huda Ziad ·
Humera Masroor ·
Javeria Khan ·
Khursheed Jabeen ·
Kiran Ahtazaz ·
Kiran Baluch ·
Mahewish Khan ·
Maliha Hussain ·
Mariam Agha ·
Mariam Anwar ·
Mariam Butt ·
Marina Iqbal ·
Maryam Butt ·
Meher Minwalla ·
Muqudos Khan ·
Nahida Khan ·
Naila Nazir ·
Nain Abidi ·
Najmunnissa Ismail ·
Nazia Nazir ·
Nazia Sadiq ·
Nazli Istiaq ·
Qanita Jalil ·
Rabia Khan ·
Ruksana Khan ·
Sabahat Rasheed ·
Sabeen Rezvi ·
Sadia Butt ·
Sadia Yousuf ·
Sajjida Shah ·
Sana Javed ·
Sana Mir ·
Sania Khan ·
Shabana Kausar ·
Shabana Latif ·
Shahnaz Sohail ·
Shaiza Khan ·
Sharmeen Khan ·
Shazia Hassan ·
Shumaila Mushtaq ·
Sukhan Faiz ·
Sultana Yousaf ·
Sumaiya Siddiqi ·
Tasqeen Qadeer ·
Urooj Mumtaz ·
Uzma Gondal ·
Zehmarad Afzal
Scotland.
Kari Anderson ·
Sahar Aslam ·
Fiona Campbell ·
A. Drummond ·
Aileen Galvin ·
Shona McIntyre ·
Sara MacLean ·
Vari Maxwell ·
J. Mudie ·
Denise Newlove ·
Pamela Quin ·
Alison Ramsay ·
Liz Smith ·
Linda Spence ·
Caroline Sweetman ·
Fiona Urquhart ·
Kathryn White
South Africa.
Elizabeth Akehurst ·
Olivia Anderson ·
Josephine Barnard ·
Susan Benade ·
Alicia Bezuidenhout ·
Kirsten Blair ·
Cri-zelda Brits ·
Anina Burger ·
Debbie Carr ·
Trish Chetty ·
Helen Davies ·
Lonell de Beer ·
Belinda Dermota ·
Dinesha Devnarain ·
Mignon du Preez ·
Cindy Eksteen ·
Shandre Fritz ·
Alison Hodgkinson ·
Debby Hughes ·
Shabnim Ismail ·
Marizanne Kapp ·
Ashlyn Kilowan ·
Leslie Korkie ·
Alta Kotze ·
Ally Kuylaars ·
Kerri Laing ·
Marcia Letsoalo ·
Levona Lewis ·
Johmari Logtenberg ·
Madelein Lotter ·
Sunette Loubser ·
Annelie Minny ·
Nolu Ndzundzu ·
Linda Olivier ·
Shafeeqa Pillay ·
Kim Price ·
Tamara Reeves ·
Denise Reid ·
Rozelle Scheepers ·
Lynn Sing ·
Alicia Smith ·
Anne Stears ·
Rista Stoop ·
Hanri Strydom ·
Karin Swart ·
Angelique Taai ·
Claire Terblanche ·
Daleen Terblanche ·
Kirstie Thomson ·
Yulandi van der Merwe ·
Charlize van der Westhuizen ·
Yolandi van der Westhuizen ·
Dane van Niekerk ·
Sune van Zyl ·
Sunnette Viljoen ·
Erne Webber
Sri Lanka.
Hiroshi Abeysinghe ·
Sanduni Abeywickrama ·
Chamari Atapattu ·
Chamika Bandara ·
Vanessa Bowen ·
Wickramasinghe Archchilage Chandrawathi ·
Suwini de Alwis ·
Dumila Dedunu ·
Ganga de Silva ·
Thanuja Ekanayake ·
Hiruka Fernando ·
Rose Fernando ·
Sumudu Fernando ·
Inoka Galagedara ·
Randika Galhenage ·
Dedunu Gunaratne ·
Thalika Gunaratne ·
Dona Indralatha ·
Kodupulle Indrani ·
Indika Kankanange ·
Gayathri Kariyawasam ·
Eshani Kaushalya ·
Nirosha Kumari ·
Sadamali Kumuduni ·
Chandrika Lakmalee ·
Kalpana Liyanarachchi ·
Janakanthy Mala ·
Dilani Manodara ·
Ramani Perera ·
Chamari Polgampola ·
Udeshika Prabodhani ·
Lalana Priyadarshani ·
Deepika Rasangika ·
Vasanthi Ratnayake ·
Chamani Seneviratna ·
Dedunu Silva ·
Rasanjali Silva ·
Shashikala Siriwardene ·
Suthershini Sivanantham ·
Champa Priyangika Sugathadasa ·
Chaturi Thalagalage ·
Praba Udawatte ·
Sripali Weerakkody ·
Chandi Wickramasinghe
Trinidad and Tobago.
Beverly Browne ·
Louise Browne ·
Joyce Demmin ·
Florence Douglas ·
Merlyn Edwards ·
Christine Jacobson ·
Jeanette James ·
Jane Joseph ·
Janice Moses ·
Emelda Noreiga ·
Maureen Phillips ·
Jasmine Sammy ·
Nora St. Rose ·
Menota Tekah
West Indies.
Merissa Aguilleira ·
Kirbyina Alexander ·
Pamela Alfred ·
Patricia Alfred ·
Candacy Atkins ·
Sheryl Bayley ·
Shirley-Ann Bonaparte ·
Ann Browne ·
Beverly Browne ·
Louise Browne ·
Eve Caesar ·
Dianne Cagen ·
Shemaine Campbelle ·
Britney Cooper ·
Felicia Cummings ·
Elaine Cunningham ·
Shanel Daley ·
Shane de Silva ·
Deandra Dottin ·
Merlyn Edwards ·
Roselyn Emannuel ·
Peggy Fairweather ·
Patricia Felician ·
Verena Felicien ·
Afy Fletcher ·
Doris Francis ·
Yolande Geddes-Hall ·
Nadine George ·
Gloria Gill ·
Indomatie Goordial ·
Genielle Greaves ·
Eugena Gregg ·
Dorothy Hobson ·
Clea Hoyte ·
Cordel Jack ·
Carol-Ann James ·
Glenicia James ·
Stacy-Ann King ·
Lee-Ann Kirby ·
Vivalyn Latty-Scott ·
Pamela Lavine ·
Debbie Ann Lewis ·
Desiree Luke ·
Anne-Marie McEwen ·
Lorna McKoy ·
Anisa Mohammed ·
Chedean Nation ·
Marlene Needham ·
Juliana Nero ·
Stephanie Power ·
Susan Redhead ·
Jacqueline Robinson ·
Amanda Samaroo ·
Jasmine Sammy ·
Rita Scott ·
Gaitri Seetahal ·
Shakera Selman ·
Cherry-Ann Singh ·
Danielle Small ·
Tremayne Smartt ·
Gwen Smith ·
Brenda Solzano-Rodney ·
Jennifer Sterling ·
Charlene Taitt ·
Stefanie Taylor ·
Philipa Thomas ·
Patricia Whittaker ·
Envis Williams ·
Leila Williams ·
Nelly Williams
Young England.
Katherine Brown ·
Jacqueline Court ·
Geraldine Davies ·
Shirley Ellis ·
Susan Goatman ·
Yvonne Golland ·
Lynne Green ·
Julia Greenwood ·
Rosalind Heggs ·
Glynis Hullah ·
Megan Lear ·
Julia Lloyd ·
Lynne Read ·
Margaret Wilks

</doc>
<doc id="20249141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249141" title="Mario Robbe">
Mario Robbe

Mario Robbe (born 23 August 1973 in Tilburg) is a Dutch darts player currently playing in British Darts Organisation events.
Career.
Robbe made his BDO World Darts Championship debut in 2007, where he lost in the first round to Ted Hankey. He returned to Lakeside in 2008, but lost again in the first round to fellow Dutchman Remco van Eijden.

</doc>
<doc id="20249158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249158" title="USS Willamette (1865)">
USS Willamette (1865)

USS "Willamette" was a proposed United States Navy screw sloop-of-war or steam frigate that was cancelled in 1866 without ever having been laid down.
"Willamette" was a wooden-hulled bark-rigged (or ship-rigged) "Contoocook"-class screw sloop-of-war or steam frigate with a single funnel slated to be built for the Union Navy late in the American Civil War. The contract for her construction was cancelled in 1866 before her keel was laid.

</doc>
<doc id="20249181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249181" title="Bissli">
Bissli

Bissli (, "Bisli") is an Israeli wheat snack produced by the Osem corporation. Bissli is Osem's leading snack brand after Bamba.
Over 4,000 tons of Bissli are produced each year in an array of shapes and flavors. Bissli is a crunchy snack that has been likened to fried pasta. The name is a combination of the Yiddish word "Bis", meaning "bite", and the Hebrew word "li", meaning "for me".
The most popular flavors are "Grill" and "Barbecue". Other flavors include onion, smoky, pizza, falafel, taco and hamburger. Each flavor is shaped differently: the pizza flavored snacks are shaped like wheels, the onion flavor like small hoops, and the smoky flavor like small hollow tubes.
Described by the manufacturer as a uniquely Israeli product, Bissli is produced at five factories around the Israel. It first came out on the market in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20249192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249192" title="Essay on the Origin of Languages">
Essay on the Origin of Languages

"Essay on the Origin of Languages" ("Essai sur l'origine des langues") is an essay by Jean-Jacques Rousseau published posthumously in 1781.[http://www.archive.org/stream/1782collectionco08rous#page/354/mode/2up] Rousseau had meant to publish the essay in a short volume which was also to include essays "On Theatrical Imitation" and "The Levite of Ephraim." In the preface to this would-be volume Rousseau wrote that the Essay was originally meant to be included in the Discourse on Inequality but was omitted because it, "was too long and out of place." 
In this text, Rousseau lays out a narrative of the beginnings of language, using a similar literary form as the Second Discourse. Rousseau writes that language (as well as the human race) developed in southern warm climates and then migrated northwards to colder climates. In its inception, language was musical and had emotional power as opposed to rational persuasion. The colder climates of the north, however, stripped language of its passionate characteristic, distorting it to the present rational form. In the later chapters music is used as a metaphor to convey language's transition.
Chapter Nine of the Essay is an explication of the development of humankind, eventually inventing language. As this format closely adheres to that of the Second Discourse, some have discussed whether one account ought to be read as more authoritative than the other. As the text was initially written in 1754, and was sent to the publisher in 1763, it appears safe to argue that the tensions between the Essay and the Second Discourse were intentional.
The third chapter of Jacques Derrida's "Of Grammatology" critiques and analyzes Rousseau's essay.

</doc>
<doc id="20249194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249194" title="Rinker">
Rinker

Rinker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20249204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249204" title="Waylon Forever">
Waylon Forever

Waylon Forever is an outlaw country album by the late Waylon Jennings, was released on October 21, 2008 on the Vagrant Records label. The backing band for this album is Waylon's son Shooter and his band, The .357's.
Waylon's posthumous album reveals his final recordings of unheard material. Much of this album was recorded in the mid to late '90s but was forgotten about until about 2007. Shooter and his band went in the studio to add the music to the original recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="20249240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249240" title="HMS Sibyl">
HMS Sibyl

Seven ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Sibyl" or HMS "Sybille", named for the Greek mythological figures, the Sibyls (Greek: "Σίβυλλα"):

</doc>
<doc id="20249250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249250" title="I. Bernard Weinstein">
I. Bernard Weinstein

I. Bernard Weinstein (c. 1930 – November 3, 2008) was an American physician and researcher who studied the effect of pollutants and other environmental factors in causing cancer and headed the Comprehensive Cancer Center at Columbia University. He has been credited with helping create the field of molecular epidemiology, which studies how genetic and environmental risk factors are related to the spread of disease in populations.
Weinstein was born in Madison, Wisconsin and earned an undergraduate degree from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He also earned his medical degree there and conducted research at Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was hired by Columbia University as an assistant professor of medicine in 1961 and appointed as a professor in 1973. From 1978 to 1990, he was director of the division of environmental sciences at Columbia Mailman School of Public Health. He held appointments on the Columbia faculty as professor of genetics and development and public health at the Herbert Irving Comprehensive Cancer Center of Columbia University and as the school's Frobe Jensen Professor of Medicine.
Starting in the 1970s, Dr. Weinstein was among the first groups of researchers to make the connection between chemical compounds that are commonly found in the environment and their cancer-causing potential by identifying carcinogens that would be able to find molecular targets in the body. Weinstein investigated the cancer risks caused by , which is found in automobile exhaust, barbecued food and tobacco smoke. He also studied nitrosamines, a cancer-causing compound found in cured and smoked meats and in pickled foods, generated when nitrites in the food react with strong acids or high temperatures.
Neuroscientist Richard Axel, a student of Weinstein's who shared the 2004 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, described how his mentor's "knowledge of emerging molecular genetics was combined with his research on the chemical causes of cancer to help in the creation of a new field, the field of molecular epidemiology".
Studies performed by Dr. Weinstein in the 1990s of the human gene cyclin D1 showed that variations of the gene could foster the growth of cancer cells and tumor formation in the breast, esophagus, prostate and stomach, which led to theories that drugs targeted at cyclin D1 could help prevent the development of these cancers.
Weinstein died at age 78 on November 3, 2008 in Manhattan of kidney disease. He is survived by his spouse, the former Joan Anker, a son, the contemporary artist Matthew Weinstein, and two daughters, Claudia, of Manhattan, and Tamara, of Atlanta, Georgia

</doc>
<doc id="20249251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249251" title="USS Mondamin (1864)">
USS Mondamin (1864)

USS "Mondamin" was a proposed United States Navy screw sloop-of-war or steam frigate proposed in the 1860s that was cancelled.
"Mondamin" was a wooden-hulled bark-rigged (or ship-rigged) "Contoocook"-class screw sloop-of-war or steam frigate with a single funnel slated to be built for the Union Navy late in the American Civil War. The contract for her construction was cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="20249304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249304" title="Pump It Up Zero">
Pump It Up Zero

Pump it Up Zero is the 18th arcade game release in the Pump It Up series. It was released worldwide on February 1, 2006.
Zero contained a brand new interface, now featuring previews of background videos and the ability for two players to play on separate difficulties. Zero also contained the Easy Station, a mode containing a modified interface and a selection of easy songs. The Mission Station contained sets of songs played with specific conditions that must be met when they are played - such as getting a specific amount of a judgment for instance.
Another Step songs.
Another Step songs are not entirely new songs. Rather, they are songs with steps which differ from their original counterparts, most drastically and some very experimental in nature. When the Another Step category was first introduced, the songs were not given a specific category. Generally, however, the difficulty of the songs range from easy to extremely hard, with some songs (for instance, Love is a Danger Zone 2 Another Nightmare) being impossible to complete without a second player. Another Step songs were reintroduced in the sequel, Pump It Up: New Xenesis. The songs that had Another Step charts are the following:
PSP version.
A PSP version of Zero was released in 2006. It contains most of the new songs from Zero, plus most of the new debuting songs from NX as unlockables. The game's main setlist is the same as that of the arcade version, minus the following songs:
The game has been criticized for being laggy to unacceptable levels. When running from the disc, songs can take upwards of a minute to load, menus are hard to navigate, and ingame gameplay stutters. Despite this, it is the most extensive and feature-filled of all non-arcade releases.

</doc>
<doc id="20249313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249313" title="Henry P. Caulfield, Jr.">
Henry P. Caulfield, Jr.

Henry P. Caulfield, Jr. (November 25, 1915 – June 11, 2002) was an American political scientist who had a long and distinguished career in public service with the U.S. Department of the Interior, culminating as the first Director of its U.S. Water Resources Council, before becoming Professor of Political Science at Colorado State University. He served on many boards and advisory committees and as a consultant to water resources agencies worldwide, and received awards for his service. Caulfield was born in New York City, and died in Fort Collins, Colorado where he retired in 1986.
Early life.
Caulfield grew up with his parents, Henry P. Caulfield and Grace Nelson Caulfield in Hollywood, California, graduating from Hollywood High School in 1931. He attended the California Institute of Technology, Lingnan University, Canton, China, and Oxford University, England before earning his undergraduate degree at Harvard College in Government and Economics in 1940, an MPA degree from Harvard University's Littauer School of Public Administration (now the John F. Kennedy School of Government) in 1949 and completing his comprehensive examination for the Ph.D. in Political Economy and Government there in 1950. He began his public service career as an economist with the Works Projects Administration (1940–41) before serving in the U.S. Navy, where he was assigned to the Office of the Secretary (1942–45) and received a Commendation Award from the Secretary of the Navy, eventually retiring as Lieutenant Commander. He served briefly as Executive Assistant to the Director, White House Office of War Mobilization and Reconversion in 1946, before being named Assistant for International Affairs to the Assistant Director for Statistical Standards of the U.S. Bureau of the Budget (1946–48), predecessor of the current Office of Management and Budget. Caulfield married Violet M. Green in April 1956, with whom he had four children.
Public service.
Best known for his work on water resources policy, Caulfield was a member of the Program Staff, Office of the Secretary, U.S. Department of the Interior (1951–55), and Research Associate on Energy Policy at Resources for the Future, Inc. (1955–61). He returned to the Department of the Interior in February 1961 as Assistant Director and then Director of the Resources Program Staff, Office of the Secretary, and served as first Director of the U.S. Water Resources Council from April 1966 to August 1969.
Caulfield was chairman of the committee that drafted the policies, standards and procedures for water resources planning that became known as "Senate Document 97", subjecting new federal water projects to benefit/cost analysis for the first time. He was the staff leader in drafting the Water Resources Planning Act of 1965 and was instrumental in its passage through the U.S. Congress; becoming the first Director of the Water Resources Council, a cabinet-level interagency advisory committee created by that Act. From October 1961 to August 1969 he was the leading professional official within the United States government developing and implementing policies for comprehensive river basin planning. In 1968 he drafted and gained political acceptance of a Water Resources Councils' regulation changing the discount rate used in planning water projects from a formula based on the coupon rate of government bonds to one based on the yield rate—a substantial and important policy change. He also had a leading role in early development of the Water Resources Council's "Principles and Standards" for water project planning promulgated in September 1973.
Caulfield participated in drafting and securing passage by the U.S. Congress of important environmental legislation: the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1964, the Federal Water Research Act of 1964, the Federal Water Projects Recreation Act of 1965, the Delaware Watergap National Recreation Act of 1966, the Clean Rivers Restoration Act of 1966, and the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act of 1968. Observing a time-honored tradition among top Washington bureaucrats, Caulfield is widely recognized as the anonymous author of an article published during his employment in the U.S. Department of the Interior and attributed to "Mr. Z," which proposed consolidation of natural resources and conservation functions of the national government (e.g., U.S. Forest Service, National Park Service, Corps of Engineers, and others) into a single cabinet-level Department of Natural Resources. He was one of a few political appointees who, at the end of the Johnson Administration, declined to automatically submit his resignation, apparently feeling it was a mark of distinction to be fired by President Nixon.
Caulfield was a member of the Water Board of the City of Fort Collins, Colorado (1974–88), and its Vice President (1984–88). In this capacity he played a leading role in development of the city's policies with respect to water rights, treatment capacity, water meters and rates, wastewater treatment, environmental impacts and drought.
Professor.
From 1969 to 1986 Caulfield was Professor of Political Science at Colorado State University, where with Phillip O. Foss and Norman I. Wengert he helped establish its doctoral program in Environmental Politics and Policy, and on his retirement, was Emeritus Professor. One of his principal graduate courses was the Politics of Water Resources Planning and Management. During his career, Caufield was invited to lecture during visiting academic appointments on the faculties of many universities, including:
Caulfield also lecture during shorter appointments at some 30 institutions within the U.S. and overseas, including:
Advisory committees and consultancies.
Indicative of the extent of his national and international reputation, Caulfield served on many advisory committees including those of the National Academy of Science and the National Science Foundation. For many years he was a delegate to the Universities Council on Water Resources; a member of its Executive Board (1978–81); and its President (1979–80). Caulfield served as a consultant to many organizations, including the United Nations Panel of Experts on Water Resources Development Policies, (1970–73); the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (1973); Colorado Department of Natural Resources (1976–78); U.S. Water Resources Council (1976, 1978, 1979, 1980); U.S. Agency for International Development, African Bureau, Department of State (1978); The Conservation Foundation (1978); International Training Center for Water Resources, Sofia Antipolis, Valbonne, France (1978); Upper Mississippi River Basin Commission (1979); Great Lakes Basin Commission (1981); Western Governor's Policy Office (1982, 1987); U.S. Council on Environmental Quality, (1984); U.S. Geological Survey (1986); and the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Resources (1987).
Awards.
Caulfield received a Citation for Distinguished Service from Secretary of the Interior Stuart Udall in 1968 during the administration of President John F. Kennedy which said in part:
Henry P. Caulfield Medal.
Annually since 1988 AWRA has awarded its Henry P. Caulfield, Jr. Medal for Contributions to National Water Policy to an individual who has achieved a status of eminence in shaping national water policy. On presentation of the first medal to Caulfield in 1988, AWRA President Raymond Herrmann stated that "this medal was established to honor an individual whose record of achievements and contributions in setting, designing, and implementing water resources policies at the national level have been extraordinary."
Recipients of the Medal are:
Scholarly and professional writing.
Caulfield was the author or coauthor of over 60 scholarly journal articles, chapters in books, and papers published in proceedings, in addition to numerous other papers, addresses, testimony before Congressional Committees, U.S. government publications, and anonymous articles related to policy matters.

</doc>
<doc id="20249316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249316" title="Vengeful Creditor">
Vengeful Creditor

"Vengeful Creditor" is a short story by Chinua Achebe. It was first published in 1972 in "Girls at War and Other Stories". The story describes a wealthy woman who has recently lost her servants due to free education.

</doc>
<doc id="20249325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249325" title="Rinke">
Rinke

Rinke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20249399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249399" title="2003 Iran Ilyushin Il-76 crash">
2003 Iran Ilyushin Il-76 crash

The 2003 Iran Ilyushin Il-76 crash occurred on , when an Ilyushin Il-76 crashed in mountainous terrain near Kerman in Iran. The Aerospace Force of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution aircraft, registration 15-2280, was flying from Zahedan to Kerman when it crashed southeast of Kerman. The aircraft was carrying members of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard, a special force that is independent from the Iranian Army, on an unknown mission.
Strong winds were reported in the region of the crash when the aircraft disappeared from the radar screens; approximately at the same time, villagers in the area described hearing a loud explosion. There were no survivors among the 275 occupants on board the aircraft. the crash, the third of an Il-76 in Iran, remains the deadliest on Iranian soil; the worst crash of an Il-76; and the eighth-deadliest aviation accident of all time.
Cause.
The official report says bad weather brought the aircraft down; high winds and fog were present at the time of the crash. There was also speculation that the accident was the result of a mid-air collision due to the high number of fatalities (the Il-76 normally carries less than 200 passengers). A terrorist organization called the Abu-Bakr Brigades also claimed responsibility for the crash.

</doc>
<doc id="20249418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249418" title="Asymmetric graph">
Asymmetric graph

In graph theory, a branch of mathematics, an undirected graph is called an asymmetric graph if it has no nontrivial symmetries.
Formally, an automorphism of a graph is a permutation "p" of its vertices with the property that any two vertices "u" and "v" are adjacent if and only if "p"("u") and "p"("v") are adjacent.
The identity mapping of a graph onto itself is always an automorphism, and is called the trivial automorphism of the graph. An asymmetric graph is a graph for which there are no other automorphisms.
Examples.
The smallest asymmetric non-trivial graphs have 6 vertices. The smallest asymmetric regular graphs have ten vertices; there exist ten-vertex asymmetric graphs that are 4-regular and 5-regular. One of the two smallest asymmetric cubic graphs is the twelve-vertex Frucht graph discovered in 1939. According to a strengthened version of Frucht's theorem, there are infinitely many asymmetric cubic graphs.
Properties.
The class of asymmetric graphs is closed under complements: a graph "G" is asymmetric if and only if its complement is. Any "n"-vertex asymmetric graph can be made symmetric by adding and removing a total of at most "n"/2 + o("n") edges.
Random graphs.
The proportion of graphs on "n" vertices with nontrivial automorphism tends to zero as "n" grows, which is informally expressed as "almost all finite graphs are asymmetric". In contrast, again informally, "almost all infinite graphs are symmetric." More specifically, countable infinite random graphs in the Erdős–Rényi model are, with probability 1, isomorphic to the highly symmetric Rado graph.
Trees.
The smallest asymmetric tree has seven vertices: it consists of three paths of lengths 1, 2, and 3, linked at a common endpoint. In contrast to the situation for graphs, almost all trees are symmetric. In particular, if a tree is chosen uniformly at random among all trees on "n" labeled nodes, then with probability tending to 1 as "n" increases, the tree will contain some two leaves adjacent to the same node and will have symmetries exchanging these two leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="20249432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249432" title="Palermo, Antioquia, Colombia">
Palermo, Antioquia, Colombia


</doc>
<doc id="20249454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249454" title="Michael Rosenauer">
Michael Rosenauer

Michael Rosenauer (born July 13, 1966) is a German darts player who currently plays in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Career.
Rosenauer created controversy when he chose to play in the 2008 PDC World Darts Championship, having won qualification for the 2008 BDO World Darts Championship. Rosenauer claimed one of the places for the event at the Lakeside, but at the same time, he topped the German Darts Corporation Order of Merit, which grants a place in the PDC World Championship and in the end, he withdrew from the BDO World Championship to play in the PDC version instead. He went on to lose in the first round to Mervyn King.
In 2012, Rosenauer earned a place in the European Tour Event 1 in Vienna by defeating Alexander Tauber and Tomas Seyler in the European qualifier. He played Richie Burnett in the first round and lost 4–6. Rosenauer also qualified for the second European Tour event in June, with wins over Karsten Kornath and Jyhan Artut in the Home Nation Qualifier. He beat world number 8 Andy Hamilton in the first round 6–4, before losing to Dave Chisnall 1–6 in round two. Rosenauer lost to Ronnie Baxter 1–6 in the first round of the 2012 European Championship. In an attempt to reach the 2013 World Championship, Rosenauer was defeated 5–6 by Dragutin Horvat in the quarter-finals of the Central European Qualifier. Rosenauer was ranked world number 78 after the event, outside of the top 64 who retain their tour cards for 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20249455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249455" title="New Orleans Rugby Football Club">
New Orleans Rugby Football Club

The New Orleans Rugby Football Club (also known as NORFC), founded in 1973, is a men's rugby union team based in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA. The club competes in and is governed by the Deep South Rugby Football Union (LAU), USA Rugby South (TAU), and USA Rugby.
History.
The New Orleans Rugby Football Club is a member of the Deep South Rugby Union. New Orleans Rugby plays distinguished clubs such as: Baton Rouge, Jackson, Battleship, Houston Athletic Rugby Club, Memphis Blues, Little Rock, Atlanta Renegades, Okaloosa, Pensacola, Shreveport, Tampa Krewe, Old White, and Nashville. NORFC won the USA Rugby South Division II Deep South Pool in 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011. In 2011, NORFC fielded a 2nd XV in the DIII competition. This team won the Deep South Pool and advanced to the South Finals. New Orleans won the 2011 DII Club Rugby National Championship, defeating defending champions Tampa Krewe. In 2012, New Orleans DI side won the South union. The DIII side went 22-0 and won the USA Rugby DIII National Championship. The DIII side has since been promoted to DII.
Practice/Field location.
Currently the NORFC practices at the Gretna Rugby Pitch located on Gretna Blvd, just off Belle Chase Hwy. in Gretna, Louisiana. New players as well as experienced ones are always welcome to come out and join. Practice starts at 7:00 PM on Tuesdays and Thursdays. See NORFC's Home Page for contact info about practice.
Notable alumni players.
Gary Giepert, Tim Falcon, Bob Olsonowski (USA Eagles), Chip Curtis (USA Eagles) and countless others.
Coaches.
Trip McCormick is the current head coach of NORFC. Geoff Ormsby is the assistant coach. Messrs. McCormick, Ormsby and Dr. Todd Fitzgerald coach New Orleans' Division II side.
Sponsorship.
New Orleans Rugby Football Club is actively seeking sponsorship. NORFC is able to display logos on team jerseys and paraphernalia as well as on the playing field during games and tournaments. Contact the team through the home page for more information.
High School Rugby Program.
NORFC created the Louisiana High School rugby program, with clubs such as the Jesuit Blue Jay Rugby Club, the Brother Martin Crusader Rugby Club, Rummel Raiders Rugby Club, Shaw Eagle Rugby Club, Audubon Rugby Club, Lake Area High School Rugby Club, St. Paul's High Rugby Club and ESA Rugby Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20249459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249459" title="David Collison">
David Collison

David Collison is the national chairman of the Reform Party of the United States of America. He was elected national chairman at the party's 2008 national convention in Dallas, Texas.
Political background.
Mr. Collison has been a member of the Reform Party since 2001, and prior to that was an independent voter. Besides his work as national chairman, he is also the secretary and treasurer of the Texas Reform Party.
In 2010, he made a video for the Reform Party of New Jersey in which he condemned the two party system. 

</doc>
<doc id="20249460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249460" title="Astragalus inversus">
Astragalus inversus

Astragalus inversus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Susanville milkvetch. 
It is endemic to the northeastern corner of California, between in elevation. It grows in southern Cascade Range Yellow pine forests and dry Great Basin Sagebrush scrub habitats. 
Description.
"Astragalus inversus" is a perennial herb with slender, wiry, mostly leafless stems growing 20 to 50 centimeters long. They grow upright or form a spreading clump. The leaves are up to 12 centimeters long and are made up of a few small, widely spaced narrow leaflets. 
The inflorescence is a loose array of 5 to 12 pale to reddish pink flowers, sometimes tinted with yellow. Each flower is about a centimeter long. 
The fruit is a hanging legume pod 2 to 3.5 centimeters long, narrow and flat in shape and drying to a hairy, papery texture.

</doc>
<doc id="20249484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249484" title="The Crucible (John Zorn album)">
The Crucible (John Zorn album)

The Crucible is an album by John Zorn. It is the fourth album to feature the "Moonchild Trio" of Mike Patton, Joey Baron and Trevor Dunn, following "" (2005), "Astronome" (2006) and "Six Litanies for Heliogabalus" (2007). It also features Marc Ribot on guitar and Zorn on alto saxophone.
Reception.
Allmusic called it "a mad mélange of modern classical music, doom-laden metal, power chord-driven rock, and freely improvised jazz". All About Jazz reviewer Mark Corroto noted "The exchanges are crisp and the musicianship (no surprise here) is top rate. The band displays a gentle beauty in the excess that is this music". Consequence of Sound stated "No matter how far Zorn experiments out into the ether, he always keeps grounded in the same place. And that place is always breathtaking, full of weird wonderment, amazing power and lithe musicianship".
Track listing.
"All compositions by John Zorn"

</doc>
<doc id="20249507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249507" title="Kraemer Middle School">
Kraemer Middle School

Kraemer Middle School was established as part of the Placentia-Yorba Linda Unified School District in 1960. It is located in Placentia, California. The school is made up of 850 students served by 69 staff members. This is the feeder school for Valencia High School. 57% of the students are Hispanic and 58% of the students are eligible for the free-lunch program.
Distinguished alumni include NFL player Chris Draft and Olympic softball star Michelle Granger.

</doc>
<doc id="20249526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249526" title="1980 CIS Men's Soccer Championship">
1980 CIS Men's Soccer Championship

The 1980 CIS Men's Soccer Championship was hosted by University of New Brunswick.
All-Canadians.
First Team(1-11) and Second Team(12-22) with school and hometown.
Nationals.
Semi-final: UNB 3 McGill 0.
Final: UNB 3 Wilfred Laurier 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20249573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249573" title="The Blue Hills">
The Blue Hills

The Blue Hills () is a 2006 Estonian film directed by Raimo Jõerand. It is a documentary film about the 1944 Battle of Tannenberg Line. Based upon the war diaries of Paul Maitla, the film tells the story of this epic battle and the young Estonian men who had to choose between two totalitarian powers. The film received special mention at the 10th Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20249581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249581" title="Astragalus inyoensis">
Astragalus inyoensis

Astragalus inyoensis is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Inyo milkvetch. 
It is native to the Great Basin desert mountains and flats of western Nevada, and the White and Inyo Mountains of eastern California. 
Description.
"Astragalus inyoensis" is a low, mat-forming perennial herb with slender, crooked gray-green stems growing up to 60 centimeters long. The leaves are a few centimeters long and are made up of several oval scoop-shaped leaflets each a few millimeters in length. 
The inflorescence produces up to 15 pinkish purple flowers each around a centimeter long. The fruit is a hanging legume pod just over a centimeter long which is narrow and curved in shape and leathery in texture.

</doc>
<doc id="20249589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249589" title="Hovey Lake Fish and Wildlife Area">
Hovey Lake Fish and Wildlife Area

Hovey Lake Fish and Wildlife Area is a nearly recreational area operated by the Indiana Department of Natural Resources near Mt. Vernon, Indiana.
The land comprising Hovey Lake FWA was originally ceded to the Indiana Territory by the Treaty of Vincennes in 1804, and then granted to the Wabash and Erie Canal Company. With the failure of the canal, the land was acquired by Charles Hovey.

</doc>
<doc id="20249628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249628" title="Tony Pierce">
Tony Pierce

Tony Pierce may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20249659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249659" title="The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes (disambiguation)">
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes (disambiguation)

"The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes" is a collection of short stories by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20249703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249703" title="Howard Machtinger">
Howard Machtinger

Howard Norton Machtinger (born April 26, 1946) is a former director of Carolina Teaching Fellows, a student teacher scholarship program at the University of North Carolina. He is an education and civil rights activist, a teacher, a forum leader, and a political commentator. Machtinger is a former member of Students For a Democratic Society and Weatherman.
Early education and activism.
Howard (“Howie”) Machtinger was born in the Bronx, New York on April 23, 1946. Machtinger earned his baccalaureate degree cum laude in Sociology and English from Columbia University, in 1966. He became an active SDS member while he was a graduate student in Sociology at the University of Chicago in 1968. Machtinger was a regional director of SDS from autumn of 1968 until the SDS Split and made contributions to "New Left Notes", an SDS publication. He was part of a steering committee which took over the administration building at University of Chicago on January 30, 1969. During the takeover, 300 students occupied the university's administration building, protesting the non-renewal of Marlene Dixon's contract with the Sociology department. Students believed the department voted her out because she was a woman with politically radical views.
Weatherman.
Machtinger was one of the founding members of Weatherman (later known as the Weather Underground), an organization that formed as a result of the SDS split in June 1969. 
He was a part of the Revolutionary Youth Movement (RYM), a faction of SDS who believed revolution was imperative. Machtinger, like other members of RYM, criticized members of the Progressive Labor (PL) faction of SDS for placing emphasis on the class struggle rather than focusing on the issue of racism, which he viewed as a dire problem plaguing America. Machtinger was one of the eleven co-authors of the Weatherman statement, which appeared in the issue of "New Left Notes" presented at the 1969 SDS National Convention in Chicago. Machtinger co-wrote “You Don’t Need a Weatherman to Know Which Way the Wind Blows” with Bernardine Dohrn, Bill Ayers, Jeff Jones, Mark Rudd, John Jacobs, Terry Robbins, Jim Mellen, Karin Ashley, Gerry Long, and Steve Tappis. Machtinger participated in the Days of Rage and was present at the Flint, Michigan "War Council" in December 1969. He was among the Weathermen who eventually went underground.
Indictment and life underground.
On April 2, 1970, Machtinger was indicted with twelve other Weatherman members on charges of conspiracy and violation of the Federal Antiriot Act during the Days of Rage. He was accused of leading Days of Rage but the charges were dismissed as electronic surveillance had not been court-ordered. Machtinger was indicted again on July 24, 1970. Along with ten other members of Weather, Machtinger was charged with conspiring to bomb the Detroit Police Officers Association Building. He went underground in the early 1970s and was arrested on East 86th Street in New York in April 1973. Machtinger was released on bail, and subsequently went back underground. Upon averting jail time, Machtinger released a statement to the press explaining his desire to remain underground and to continue working for Weather’s Cause. In his letter, written October 16, 1973, Machtinger explores the dilemma of being a revolutionary fugitive in the following excerpt:
"What should I do? Go to jail and do time--for how long?...Do my political work behind steel bars, get out and figure a new way to integrate myself in the revolution? Or, if I had the opportunity, return to what I had been doing: trying to build secret--from the state power--bases of strength as one means of aiding in the overthrow of the imperialist, sexist, racist state.
Resurfacing and recent history.
Machtinger surrendered in Criminal Court on May 11, 1978. Upon resurfacing, he continued to pursue education, earning an A.A.S degree in computer science and business technology from Seattle Central Community College in 1981. He taught high school history from 1993 until he received his master's degree in history from San Francisco State University in 1996. Machtinger’s 1995 dissertation, titled "Clearing Away the Debris : New Left Radicalism in 1960s America," further explores the New Left movement of the 1960s. He served on the planning committee for East Chapel Hill High School from 1995-96 and is a former member of the North Carolina Humanities Council Forum Speakers. In 1998, Machtinger helped organize a visit of South African educators and students to the Triangle area to promote cross-cultural communication and understanding of educational issues. He is an activist for educational reform and wrote two articles in 2007 for the "High School Journal," titled "After the Flood: The Impact of Katrina on Education in New Orleans" and "What Do We Know about High Poverty Schools? Summary of the High Poverty Schools Conference at Chapel Hill." Machtinger worked for the School of Education at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from July 19, 1999 to June 30, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20249711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249711" title="Mahmudul Hasan">
Mahmudul Hasan

Mahmudul Hasan (born 10 December 1990 in Bangladesh) is a batsman and off-spinner who plays for Chittagong Division.
Hasan has represented Bangladesh at under-19 level in four Test matches and 27 One Day Internationals. He captained the side in his first five ODIs, and was a member of Bangladesh's squad in the 2008 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. He made his first-class debut for Chittagong Division in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20249750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249750" title="Franklin M. Fisher">
Franklin M. Fisher

Franklin Marvin Fisher (born December 13, 1934) is an American economist. He has taught economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology since 1960.
Biography.
Fisher attended Harvard University, where he was inducted into Phi Beta Kappa in 1955 and received a Bachelor of Arts degree ("summa cum laude") in 1956, followed a Master's degree in 1957 and a PhD in Economics from Harvard in 1960. His doctoral thesis was entitled "A Priori Information and Time Series Analysis".
Fisher married Ellen Paradise Fisher in 1958. They have three children, and eight grandchildren. His family is dismayed to discover that they have been celebrating his birthday ten days late, on the 13th of December.
He was Teaching Fellow at Harvard from 1956–57, Junior Fellow of the Society of Fellows at Harvard from 1957–59, Assistant Professor of Economics at the University of Chicago from 1959–60, Assistant Professor of Economics at MIT from 1960–62, Associate Professor of Economics at MIT from 1962–65, and Professor of Economics at MIT from 1965–2004. Currently he is the Jane Berkowitz Carlton and Dennis William Carlton Professor of Microeconomics, Emeritus at MIT. He has been a director of the National Bureau of Economic Research since 1989.
Fisher's fields of specialization within economics are industrial organization, microeconomics, and econometrics. He has written extensively in the area of antitrust economics. He has served as an expert witness in matters involving antitrust, contract disputes, valuation, damages, and trademark infringement for many years. He was the chief economic witness for IBM in its antitrust confrontation with the United States Department of Justice, a case the Government dropped in 1982 after 13 years. He served in a similar role on behalf of the United States Department of Justice in the case of United States v. Microsoft.
Publications.
Fisher is the author or co-author of hundreds of scholarly articles and many books. He has written books addressing antitrust issues. In 1983, he co-authored "Folded, Spindled and Mutilated: Economic Analysis and U.S. vs. IBM". The book is about the antitrust case "U.S. vs. IBM", in which Fisher was the lead expert economist for the defense. In 1985, he edited "Antitrust and Regulation: Essays in Memory of John J. McGowan", which contains original essays by economists and lawyers addressing important aspects of antitrust and regulation.
He wrote a monograph sponsored by the Econometric Society on the economic theory of general equilibria and disequilibria:
Awards.
Fisher received the John Bates Clark Medal in 1973. He has been Fellow of the Econometric Society since 1963 and from 1968–77 he was the editor of "Econometrica", the journal of that Society. He was President of the Econometric Society in 1979. He is also a member of the American Economic Association. He has been Fellow of American Academy of Arts and Sciences since 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20249767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20249767" title="2008–09 Xtreme Soccer League Season">
2008–09 Xtreme Soccer League Season

The 2008-09 Xtreme Soccer League Season was the inaugural season for the league. The members of the XSL's first season were four former MISL teams: the Chicago Storm, the Detroit Ignition, the Milwaukee Wave, and the New Jersey Ironmen. The regular season kicked off on December 13, 2008 and concluded on April 5, 2009.
On March 29, 2009 the Detroit Ignition claimed the first XSL season championship by having the New Jersey Ironmen defeat the Milwaukee Wave 15-14.
The league went on a one-year hiatus after its inaugural season but never returned to active play. The Milwaukee Wave joined the National Indoor Soccer League for the 2009-2010 season.
Final standings.
"Blue indicates season champions"
Players of the Month.
4/4/09

</doc>
