<doc id="20280845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280845" title="Thomas C. Wright">
Thomas C. Wright

Thomas C. "Tommy" Wright, Jr. (born April 27, 1948) is an American politician. Since 2001 he has served in the Virginia House of Delegates, representing the 61st district in the Southside Virginia counties of Amelia, Cumberland, Mecklenburg and Nottoway, plus part of Lunenburg County. He is a member of the Republican Party.
Wright has served on the House committees on Agriculture (2001), Agriculture, Chesapeake and Natural Resources (2002–), Claims (2001), Conservation and Natural Resources (2001), Counties, Cities and Towns (2001), General Laws (2002–), Militia and Police (2001), and Militia, Police and Public Safety (2002–).
Early life, education.
Wright was born in Richmond, Virginia. He graduated from Victoria High School in 1966, and received a B.A. degree in political science from Old Dominion University in 1970.
Electoral history.
Wright was elected to the Lunenburg County Board of Supervisors in 1993 and 1997. He served as chairman 1995–1997.
State Senator Richard J. Holland died on April 16, 2000. He was succeeded in office by 61st district Delegate Frank Ruff, who won a special election on November 7, 2000. Wright received the Republican nomination to replace Ruff, and won the seat in another special election on December 19.

</doc>
<doc id="20280849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280849" title="André Haefliger">
André Haefliger

André Haefliger (born 22 May 1929) is a Swiss mathematician who works primarily on topology.
He studied mathematics in Lausanne. He received his PhD in 1958 from the University of Strasbourg under the supervision of Charles Ehresmann with "Structures feuilletées et cohomologie à valeurs dans un faisceau de groupoides".
From 1959 to 1961 he worked at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey.
Since 1962 he has been a full professor at the University of Geneva.
Haefliger made important contributions to topology, for example, in knot theory and the theory of foliations, where he introduced Haefliger structures. In 1956, he also found the topological obstruction to the existence of a spin structure on an orientable Riemannian manifold.
In 1974-75, he was President of the Swiss Mathematical Society.
He is an honorary doctor of ETH Zurich (1992).
His students include Vaughan Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="20280850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280850" title="Transformativeness">
Transformativeness

In United States copyright law, transformativeness is a characteristic of some derivative works that makes them transcend, or place in a new light, the underlying works on which they are based. In computer- and Internet-related works, the transformative characteristic of the later work is that it provides the public with a benefit not previously available to it, which would otherwise remain unavailable. Such transformativeness weighs heavily in a fair use analysis and may excuse what seems a clear copyright infringement from liability.
"Campbell".
Transformativeness is a crucial factor in current legal analysis of derivative works largely as a result of the Supreme Court's 1994 decision in "Campbell v. Acuff-Rose Music, Inc." The Court's opinion emphasized the importance of transformativeness in its fair use analysis of the accused infringers' parody of "Oh, Pretty Woman," which the case involved. In parody, as the Court explained, the transformativeness is the new insight that readers, listeners, or viewers gain from the parodic treatment of the original work. As the Court pointed out, the words of the parody "derisively demonstrathow bland and banal the Orbison [Pretty Woman song" is.
Leval article.
The modern emphasis of transformativeness in fair use analysis stems from a 1990 article by Judge Pierre N. Leval in the "Harvard Law Review", "Toward a Fair Use Standard", which the Supreme Court quoted and cited extensively in its "Campbell" opinion. In his article, Judge Leval explained the social importance of transformative use of another's work and what justifies such a taking:
I believe the answer to the question of justification turns primarily on whether, and to what extent, the challenged use is transformative. The use must be productive and must employ the quoted matter in a different manner or for a different purpose from the original. ... the secondary use adds value to the original—if the quoted matter is used as raw material, transformed in the creation of new information, new aesthetics, new insights and understandings—this is the very type of activity that the fair use doctrine intends to protect for the enrichment of society.
Transformative uses may include criticizing the quoted work, exposing the character of the original author, proving a fact, or summarizing an idea argued in the original in order to defend or rebut it. They also may include parody, symbolism, aesthetic declarations, and innumerable other uses.
L.H.O.O.Q..
Marcel Duchamp's L.H.O.O.Q., a parody of Leonardo's Mona Lisa, and also known as the "Mona Lisa With a Moustache", is an example of a highly transformative work that accomplishes its transformative effect with what seems to be a minimum of added material. L.H.O.O.Q. has been described as the most famous derivative work in the world, perhaps because of its widespread use for pedagogic purposes.
Marcel Duchamp created the work by adding, among other things, a moustache, goatee, and the caption "L.H.O.O.Q." (meaning “she has a hot tail”) to Leonardo’s iconic work. These few, seemingly insubstantial additions were highly transformative because they incensed contemporary French bourgeoisie, by mocking their cult of “Jocondisme,” at that time said to be “practically a secular religion of the French bourgeoisie and an important part of their self image.” Duchamp’s defacement of their icon was considered “a major stroke of "epater le bourgeois"." Thus, it has been said that the “transformation of a cult icon into an object of ridicule by adding a small quantum of additional material can readily be deemed preparation of a derivative work.” 
A parodic derivative work based on Duchamp's parodic derivative work is shown at this link to an animated gif. This kind of parodic work could not have existed before the development of modern technology.
"Arriba Soft" and "Perfect 10".
The concept developed in relation to fair use of traditional works: literary works, musical works, and pictorial works. But in the 21st century, courts have also applied the "in a different manner or for a different purpose" rationale in Internet and computer-related works. In such cases, as illustrated by "Kelly v. Arriba Soft Corporation" and "Perfect 10, Inc. v. Amazon.com, Inc.", the courts find a derivative-work use (such as that of thumbnails in an image search engine, for indexing purposes) transformative because it provides an added benefit to the public, which was not previously available and might remain unavailable without the derivative or secondary use. The Ninth Circuit explained this in the "Perfect 10" case: 
Google’s use of thumbnails is highly transformative. In "Kelly" we concluded that Arriba’s use of thumbnails was transformative because “Arriba’s use of the images served a different function than Kelly’s use—improving access to information on the Internet versus artistic expression." Although an image may have been created originally to serve an entertainment, aesthetic, or informative function, a search engine transforms the image into a pointer directing a user to a source of information. Just as a “parody has an obvious claim to transformative value” because “it can provide social benefit, by shedding light on an earlier work, and, in the process, creating a new one,” a search engine provides social benefit by incorporating an original work into a new work, namely, an electronic reference tool. Indeed, a search engine may be more transformative than a parody because a search engine provides an entirely new use for the original work, while a parody typically has the same entertainment purpose as the original work. 
…In conducting our case-specific analysis of fair use in light of the purposes of copyright, we must weigh Google’s superseding and commercial uses of thumbnail images against Google’s significant transformative use, as well as the extent to which Google’s search engine promotes the purposes of copyright and serves the interests of the public. Although the district court acknowledged the “truism that search engines such as Google Image Search provide great value to the public,” the district court did not expressly consider whether this value outweighed the significance of Google’s superseding use or the commercial nature of Google’s use. The Supreme Court, however, has directed us to be mindful of the extent to which a use promotes the purposes of copyright and serves the interests of the public. 
…We conclude that the significantly transformative nature of Google’s search engine, particularly in light of its public benefit, outweighs Google’s superseding and commercial uses of the thumbnails in this case. … We are also mindful of the Supreme Court’s direction that “the more transformative the new work, the less will be the significance of other factors, like commercialism, that may weigh against a finding of fair use.” 
The Ninth Circuit's treatment of transformativeness and fair use in the "Arriba Soft" and "Perfect 10" cases illustrates different data points on the copyright infringement spectrum, at least with respect to transformativeness and fair use. "Arriba Soft" was a relatively polar case. The harm to Kelly, the copyright owner, was negligible; it was hardly more than his hurt feelings. Thus, the Ninth Circuit said in its opinion that "Arriba's creation and use of the thumbnails derivative work does not harm the market for or value of Kelly's images." On the other hand, the court found that Arriba's use benefited the public: "Arriba's use of the images serves a different function than Kelly' s use—improving access to information on the internet versus artistic expression." The balance thus tilted strongly in Arriba's favor. This led the Ninth Circuit to be the first court to make the equation "highly beneficial to public = transformative", and as the Supreme Court explained in "Campbell", the more transformative a derivative use the more likely the use is to be a fair use. 
The "Campbell" Court recognized that the balance may not always be one-sided, as it was in "Campbell" itself and in "Arriba Soft". In the "Perfect 10" case the interests were more evenly balanced, for the first time in a derivative work case involving new information technology. Both Google and Perfect 10 seemed to have legitimate interests at stake and support for their respective positions. Thus, there was a finding that "Google’s wide-ranging use of thumbnails is highly transformative: their creation and display is designed to, and does, display visual search results quickly and efficiently to users of Google Image Search." But Google's use had some commercial aspects and was claimed to impair P10's commercial interests. Yet, on balance the Ninth Circuit found that the transformativeness outweighed the other fair use factors because "Google has provided a significant benefit to the public" in facilitating image searches by means of thumbnail images.
Pop-ups.
The use of pop-up advertising, in which third-party advertisements pop up on a competitor’s Web page and change its appearance to create a derivative work, may present more difficult transformativeness issues. On the one hand, the pop-ups provide the public with additional information about making buying decisions (particularly in the form of price comparisons). On the other hand, they adversely affect the Web page proprietor's interest in the integrity of its Web page and its investment interest in creating and maintaining the page. No court has yet addressed derivative work copyright considerations in terms of how to strike a balance between the competing interests at stake, here, although several courts have found no copyright infringement liability for one reason or another. 
An example of promotional advertising for a pop-up company (Gator), illustrating various pop-up techniques for changing the appearance of another firm's Web page is shown in this Flash animation. For an argument supporting the claim that uses such as that of Half.com are transformative, see this When-U promo stored on the Wayback Machine. When-U's argument is based on the financial benefit to consumers when they are steered to cheaper sources for goods and services that they desire.
Photos of sculptures.
On February 25, 2010, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled 2-1 that sculptor Frank Gaylord, sculptor of a portion of the Korean War Veterans Memorial, was entitled to compensation when an image of the memorial was used on a 37 cent postage stamp, because he had not signed away his intellectual property rights to the sculpture when it was erected. The appeals court rejected arguments that the photo was transformative.
In 2002 amateur photographer and retired Marine John All was paid $1,500 to use a photograph of his of the memorial on a snowy day for the stamp. More than $17 million worth of the stamps were sold. In 2006, Gaylord enlisted Fish & Richardson to make a pro bono claim that the Postal Service had violated his Intellectual property rights to the sculpture and he should be compensated. The Postal Service argued that Gaylord was not the sole sculptor (saying he had received advice from federal sources—who recommended that the uniforms appear more in the wind) and also that the sculpture was actually architecture. Gaylord won all of his arguments in the lower court except for one—the court ruled that the photo was fair use and thus Gaylord was not entitled to compensation. Gaylord appealed and won. The case could have been appealed to the United States Supreme Court or damages can be assessed by the lower court but on April 22, 2011, The US Court of Claims awarded Gaylord $5,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20280859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280859" title="Trial of Lex Wotton">
Trial of Lex Wotton

The trial of Lex Wotton relates to the events surrounding the Townsville, Queensland proceedings in the Federal Magistrates Court concerning the actions taken by Palm Island Aboriginal Shire Council member Lex Wotton during the 26 November 2004 Palm Island riots.
Lex Wotton was a two-time councillor on the Palm Island Aboriginal Shire Council when Cameron Doomadgee died in custody. Wotton led approximately 1,000 people in the Palm Island Riots. Wotton was arrested, but on his release, he was hailed as a hero by many residents of Palm Island. He continued to act as a leader and even ran for mayor of the North Queensland Aboriginal community. Approximately four years after the riot, Wotton was found guilty of inciting a riot and sentenced to seven years in prison.
Background on Lex Wotton.
Lex Wotten was a plumber by trade and the plumber for Palm Island as well as an Aboriginal elder, an indigenous activist of prominence and co author. He also married and is the father of four children.
In October 2002, at age 34, Lex Wotton was elected to his second term as councilor on the Palm Island Aboriginal Shire Council in an ATSIC Regional Council elections where he was one of eight nominations seeking two positions. In May 2003, Wotton supported a group of Palm Island women who called for the resignation of council chairwoman Delena Foster, asserting that she "diminished the rights of all islanders by proposing a strict new alcohol ban" as well as threatening a significant source of income for the area. Eleven days later, Wotton stated that the council had only $600,000 left in its reserves to run the island until the end of June – a claim chairwoman Foster heatedly disputed by saying that the council in fact had $1.5 million. By the end of June, Wotton became fed up with the Palm Island Aboriginal Council's practices and handed in his resignation, reasoning that in the 3½ years he was on the council, the body did not achieve one long-term success.
Wotton, a plumber by trade, then kept his name in the public by writing to Letters to the Editor of the "Townsville Bulletin" to get his messages out. For example, in November 2003, Wotton's letter to the editor praised the decision to dissolve the Palm Island Aboriginal Council, since it would allow Palm Island to "to adopt the very principles and practice of good governance and to see it effectively and efficiently discharged for the benefit of all in our community." In March 2004, he wrote an open letter to the recently reelected official Mike Reynolds, requesting an explanation as to why the jetty at Arcadia Bay received part of a massive injection of state money whereas no state funds were allocated for the dilapidated Palm Island jetty, even though 86 per cent of the Palm Island vote went to Reynolds. At the end of March, Wotton was one of eight candidates for the new Palm Island Community Council.
Public speaking.
Lex Wotton had become something of a public speaker, speaking at various venues including presenting the screening of "Protected" at the Film Fanatics society at Petersham Bowling Club where he spoke of seeing the film as a boy and how it opened his eyes to the way "things were different on Palm". He went on a tour that included Melbourne on 9 August 2008 at the Solidarity Fiesta at the MUA Auditorium he said ... ""I'm not afraid of anything, because...people like you will get out there and spread the message, tell the truth."" On 10 September 2008 he spoke at a public meeting at the Queensland University of Technology.
Book release.
Along with French ethnographer Barbara Glowczewski, Lex Wotton is co-author of the 2008 book "Warriors for Peace: The Political Conditions of Aboriginal People as Viewed from Palm Island". (Glowczewski has also written "Angry dreams – Aboriginal alliances in the North-West of Australia" and "Desert dreamers – the Warlpiri people of Australia".)
The Palm Island riots.
On Friday 19 November 2004, 36-year-old Palm Island resident Cameron Doomadgee was arrested for public drunkenness and died in police custody an hour later. The coroner's report was released on Friday 26 November, and read to a community meeting. After hearing that Doomadgee had died from a ruptured liver in the scuffle at the island's watch-house, a succession of angry young Aboriginal men spoke to the crowd and encouraged immediate action be taken against the police. Doomadgee's death was repeatedly branded "cold-blooded murder". Wotton joined 1,000 other people in a riot on Palm Island that resulted in the police station, the court house, and the home of the officer-in-charge being burned down. In a Friday interview with the "The Courier-Mail", Wotton justified the riot, saying that the residents did not believe the death was an accident and the residents had set fire to the police station because they had been "crying out for help" and no one had listened. Additionally, Wotton sought an investigation by the Crime and Misconduct Commission (CMC) and wanted the government to agree to move all police from the island.
Before his "Courier-Mail" newspaper interview was delivered to the public and in response to Wotton's actions during the riot, police entered Wotton's home at 4:45 am Saturday and used a stun gun on the back of his leg to arrest him, all the time pointing a rifle at his 15-year-old daughter's head as she sat on a bedroom floor. At the time, Wotton became one of 17 defendants, all males, charged in the Palm Island riots and was alleged to be the riot ringleader. At the Townsville Magistrate Court on 29 November, Lex Patrick Wotton was charged with "arson (two counts), serious assault on police (three counts), wilful damage and riot causing damage."
Out on bail.
On 6 December, Wotton was released on bail, in part due to being characterised as a "leader and saviour" for the Palm Island community. The bail conditions required Wotton to return to court on 10 March 2007, and restricted Wotton's movements, particularly focusing on preventing his attending Doomadgee's funeral and returning to the north Queensland island.
Despite the strict bail conditions, three days later Wotton attended a protest march through Townsville and laid flowers on the steps of the north Queensland city's police station in memory of Doomadgee. Wotton was being hailed a hero even before Doomadgee's sister put her arms around Wotton's neck on 9 December, saying "you're my warrior". After a subsequent court hearing, Wotton was allowed to return home to Palm Island in early May 2005.
In November 2006, four months before his trial where he faced life imprisonment, Wotton become one of six people nominated to run for mayor of the North Queensland Aboriginal community in a December by-election. However, one day before the election, the Supreme Court of Queensland ruled Wotton ineligible to be mayor since the Local Government Act 1993 disqualifies people from elected office in Queensland if they are an undischarged bankrupt and Wotton had previously been bankrupt.
The trial.
In February 2007, Wotton was granted a separate trial from his co-accused in the Brisbane District Court since the allegations in the prosecution case against the other co-accused were prejudicial to Wotton's case. Wotton then pleaded guilty to the charge of rioting. In late March, after Wotton had already applied to withdraw his guilty plea on the advice of his legal representatives (including his then barrister Marcus Einfeld), Wotton's co-accused were acquitted by a jury of rioting causing destruction. Wotton's application to withdraw his plea was granted by Nase DCJ on 26 April 2007. A few days later, Wotton was released on bail with strict conditions and ordered to return in April 2008 to be tried.
As Wotton waited for his trial, a man mistaken for being Wotton in September 2007 was attacked from behind while at a urinal in the Rising Sun Hotel. In addition to having his wrist bone shattered and jaw bone fractured, the attackers caused him internal bleeding, head and facial injuries and bruised ribs.
After several delays, Wotton's trial began on 6 October 2008 in the District Court in Brisbane. The trial lasted 18 days, with the jury on 24 October finding Wotton guilty of inciting a riot that resulted in the destruction of the island's police station, the courthouse and an officer's residence. Fourteen days later, Wotton was sentenced to seven years in prison, reduced to six years for time already served. His family has no plans to appeal the sentence.
Protest against Lex Wotton's charge and sentencing.
On 1 November 2009 about 250 protesters in Brisbane who expressed anger at Lex Wotton's sentencing. The same week, similar rallies took place in major Australian cities and in Wellington, New Zealand. MUA workers in Sydney observed one minute's silence in solidarity. Speakers at a Brisbane rally argued that Lex Wotton should have been given a bravery award for what they saw as standing up to the racist oppression of Palm Islanders. Benefit concerts were also held in support of him.
Release from Jail.
On 19 July 2010 after spending two years in Jail, Lex Wotton was released from a Townsville prison and placed on parole. There are strict conditions surrounding his release. He was to return to Palm Island at the end of the week but was to first have some minor medical treatment.
Gag order & High Court appeal.
Since 2006, all prisoners and parolees in Queensland have been prohibited by law (section 132 of Queensland's Corrective Services Act, introduced by the Beattie Labor Government) from speaking to reporters without permission. Thus, for the duration of his imprisonment and parole, Wotton cannot lawfully speak to the media or attend public meetings without prior approval from his parole officer. Gracelyn Smallwood of the Indigenous Human Rights Committee believes it is designed to muzzle the truth. Terry O'Gorman, President of the Australian Council for Civil Liberties, has called it 'obnoxious'. Stewart Levitt, the director of the Black and White Justice Foundation remarked that it was unusual for a public spokesman and former politician to be prohibited from a public meeting. Welcoming Wotton back home, Alf Lacey, mayor of Palm Island, commented that the conditions were excessive.
Wotton contested the constitutionality of Queensland's parole conditions to the High Court of Australia. The Australian constitution contains an implied right of political communication, as is necessary in a representative democracy, plus rights to freedom of association and assembly. The case was heard by the High Court in August 2010, where Wotton was represented by a team of lawyers including Alison Drayton of Levitt Robinson solicitors, Ron Merkel QC, assisted by Kristen Walker, Alistair Pound and Ben Schokman. 
In February 2012 the High Court by majority decision, supported the gag order. The majority judgement applied the test in Lange v ABC. That,
"1. does the law effectively burden freedom of communication about government or political matters and
2. if so, is the law reasonably appropriate and adapted to serve a legitimate end the fulfilment of which is compatible with … responsible government."(Lange v ABC at footnote 69.)
and found that, while the legislation did burden Mr Wotton's freedom of political communication, that burden was applied for a legitimate ends, namely maintenance of law and order. 
However, Heydon J in his dissented judgement took the earlier line of Murphy J where he called for a wider reading of the implied freedom than was found the Lange test.

</doc>
<doc id="20280869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280869" title="St Bartholomew's Church, Edgbaston">
St Bartholomew's Church, Edgbaston

St Bartholomew's Church, Edgbaston, also known as Edgbaston Old Church, is a parish church in the Church of England in Edgbaston, Birmingham.
History.
The Grade II listed church is medieval, but was largely rebuilt in the 19th century. The chancel, chapels and north arcade were added in 1885 by J. A. Chatwin, who is buried in the churchyard. His grave monument, along with those of William Hoddinott, Jane Bellis and Catherine Chavasse is Grade II listed. Also in the churchyard is the war grave of a Loyal Regiment officer of World War I.
A memorial to physician and botanist Dr. William Withering, who pioneered the medical use of digitalis (derived from the foxglove), is situated on the south wall of the Lady Chapel, and features carvings of foxgloves and "Witheringia solanaceae", a plant named in his honour.
Bells.
The tower contains a ring of eight bells, with a tenor weight of . The earliest four date from 1685. The bells are rung by the Birmingham University Society of Change Ringers during term time.
Organ.
The organ was built by Norman and Beard dating from 1956. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20280871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280871" title="Amman Valley">
Amman Valley

Amman Valley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20280872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280872" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1917">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1917

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1917 Australian federal election. The election was held on 5 May 1917.
Many Labor members had merged with the Commonwealth Liberal Party to form the Nationalist Party of Australia. Seats held by the Liberal Party are considered to be held by the Nationalist Party. The seats held by Labor defectors are considered to be held by Labor.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending one seat. The Nationalist Party was defending two seats. Labor Senators Albert Gardiner, John Grant and Allan McDougall were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators Myles Ferricks and William Ryott Maughan and Nationalist Senator Thomas Givens were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Nationalist Party was defending one seat. Labor Senator James O'Loghlin and Nationalist Senators John Newland and John Shannon were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Three seats were up for election. The Nationalist Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators James Guy, James Long and David O'Keefe were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators Stephen Barker and John Barnes and Nationalist Senator Edward Russell were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. Labor Senator Ted Needham and Nationalist Senators Patrick Lynch and George Pearce were not up for re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="20280874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280874" title="Beek-Elsloo railway station">
Beek-Elsloo railway station

Beek-Elsloo is a railway station located between the villages of Elsloo and Beek, in the Dutch municipality of Beek. The station was opened in 1862 and is located on the Maastricht–Venlo railway. The services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Beek-Elsloo:

</doc>
<doc id="20280878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280878" title="Kuttamuwa">
Kuttamuwa

Kuttamuwa was an 8th-century BC royal official from Sam'al who ordered an inscribed stele, that was to be erected upon his death. The inscription requested that his mourners commemorate his life and his afterlife with feasts "for my soul that is in this stele". It is one of the earliest references to a soul as a separate entity from the body. The 800-pound basalt stele is three feet tall and two feet wide. It was uncovered in the third season of excavations by the Neubauer Expedition of the Oriental Institute in Chicago, Illinois. The official publication of the artifact is expected in the end of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20280914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280914" title="Monsoon gallery">
Monsoon gallery

Monsoon Gallery[http://monsoongalleries.com] is the largest independently owned fine art gallery in the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania. Located in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, it is known for its unique collection of established local, national and international artisans' works of art.
Artists Include.
Alexandru Darida - Former Official Painter for the President of Romania, Nicolae Ceauşescu.
Herb Williams - Acclaimed mixed-media artist most noted for his sculptural works utilizing Crayola crayons.
Howard Finster - Highly respected folk artist known for his gospel inspired works of art.
Stanley Mouse - Psychedelic artist best known for his work on Grateful Dead album covers.
Salma Arastu - Hailing from India, her mixed-media works have been exhibited and collected around the world.
Art Director.
The gallery is owned and operated by Ranjeet Solanki Pawar; member of the Bethlehem Fine Arts Commission and Former Co-Chair of Filmmaker Committee for 2004 SouthSide Film Festival. His family had emigrated from India not long before his great grandfather, Chaudhary Charan Singh, became the Prime Minister of India in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20280950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280950" title="Capricode">
Capricode

Capricode is a Finnish software company providing solutions to telecommunications software problems. Capricode’s main product is SyncShield, a solution to Mobile device management (MDM) problems.
Capricode is a privately owned company having the head office in Oulu, Finland. Capricode has a software project factory in Budapest, Hungary.
Capricode focuses on standard-based software products and services. In research and development activities Capricode uses Agile software development methods.
History.
Capricode was founded in 2002 as a spin-off from Nethawk Plc. Capricode acquired Engi Oy and FlexIns Oy in 2002 and VoiceBit Oy in 2003.
In 2005 Capricode sold its subcontracting business area to Sweco.
Products.
SyncShield Mobile Device Management.
Capricode SyncShield is a solution to Mobile device management problems providing over-the-air management of Smartphone security, applications and settings. SyncShield is a device manufacturer and solution to application software manufacturer independent problems that support Symbian, Windows Mobile, Android and Apple iPhone devices.
SyncShield supports both Service Providers and operators that offer mobile device management for businesses as a managed (MSP) or hosted service (ASP).

</doc>
<doc id="20280952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280952" title="Julius Steinfeld">
Julius Steinfeld

Julius ( "Yaakov Shlomo") Steinfeld (1884 – March 25, 1974) was born in Neunkirchen, Austria. He later moved to Vienna where he became the head of the community’s Agudath Israel. He was also known as the shtadlan from Vienna. 
After the Anschluss in 1938, Steinfeld toiled to help Jews emigrate from Austria. With great personal risk Julius negotiated with Eichmann to obtain exit visas for Jews trying to flee Nazi Austria. His courageous interventions on behalf of his fellow Jews, led to his imprisonment by Eichmann. His cousin Emil Deutsch succeeded in bailing him out of prison. In coordination with Rabbi Dr. Solomon Schonfeld Julius was instrumental in arrangements for the kindertransport where thousands of Jewish children were sent from Vienna to England. Julius had left Vienna and returned many times during the Nazi period in order to procure entry visas to nearly 30 countries throughout the world including Palestine, the U.S. and England. All in all almost 9,000 Jews were helped to emigrate due to his efforts. 
Steinfeld endangered his life by staying in Nazi Austria until he was informed that he would be deported if he did not leave. He left Vienna on May 9, 1941. Due to his extensive negotiations with the Nazis the U.S. Department of State initially suspected he was a German spy and refused to grant him a visa. He found refuge in Cuba until 1942 when the State Department was convinced that his contacts with the Nazis were used only to save lives. He settled in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn, NY.
In the U.S. he continued his rescue work to save European Jews from the Holocaust by joining the Vaad Hatzalah of the Agudath Harabbanim. Julius was active in the Vienner shul of Williamsburg which was founded by his son-in-law Karl Richter and was modeled after the famous Ashkenaz Schiff Shul in Vienna of which Julius and Karl were active members of and that was destroyed by the Nazis on Kristallnacht.
Steinfeld died in Brooklyn, NY.

</doc>
<doc id="20280953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280953" title="Tell al-Rimah">
Tell al-Rimah

Tell al-Rimah is an archaeological site in Nineveh Province (Iraq). Its ancient name may have been either Karana or Qattara.
History of archaeological research.
The region was originally surveyed by Seton Lloyd in 1938. The site of Tell al-Rimah was excavated from 1964 to 1971 by a British School of Archaeology in Iraq team led by David Oates. A large temple and palace from the early second millennium BCE were excavated, as well as a Neo-Assyrian building. Tell al-Rimah also is known for having a third millennium example of brink vaulting.
Tell al-Rimah and its environment.
Tell al-Rimah is located in Nineveh Province (Iraq), roughly west of Mosul and ancient Nineveh in the Sinjar region.
Occupation history.
While it appears that the site was occupied in the third millennium BCE, it reached its greatest size and prominence during the second millennium BCE and in the Neo-Assyrian period. The second millennium activity was primarily during the Old Babylonian and Mitanni periods. At various times, Tell al-Rimah has been linked with either Qatara or Karana, both cites known to be in that area during the second millennium.
Material culture.
A number of Old Babylonian tablets contemporary with Zimri-Lim of Mari were found as well as other objects. The most notable artifact found was the stele of Adad-nirari III which mentioned an early king of Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="20280964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280964" title="Pine Richland Middle School">
Pine Richland Middle School

Pine-Richland Middle School is a middle school in Gibsonia, Pennsylvania. Until the start of the 2008-2009 school year, it contained grades 6–8. Currently, it contains grades seven and eight. It shares the same campus as Pine-Richland High School. The principal was previously Dr. Kathleen Harrington, but following her retirement in 2010 a new principal is yet to be named, and the assistant principal is Aaron Cornell. It received the Don Eichhorn Best Middle School in Pennsylvania award for the 2003-04 school year, and a Schools to Watch award in the 2006-07 year that carries over to the 2009-10 year. This award was achieved again in the 2009-10 school year, therefore it carries into the 2012-13 year. The school team is the Pine-Richland Rams, and the colors are green and white. It is known locally for its school spirit.

</doc>
<doc id="20280968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280968" title="Football at the 1970 Asian Games">
Football at the 1970 Asian Games

Football at the 1970 Asian Games was held in Bangkok, Thailand from December 9 to December 20, 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20280972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280972" title="Walter Raleigh (disambiguation)">
Walter Raleigh (disambiguation)

Walter Raleigh (c.1554-1618) was an English writer, poet, soldier, courtier and explorer.
Walter Raleigh may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20280987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20280987" title="Staniforth Smith">
Staniforth Smith

Miles Staniforth Cater Smith (25 February 1869 – 14 January 1934) was an Australian politician. Born in Kingston, Victoria, he was educated at St Arnaud Grammar School and then the University of Melbourne before becoming an engineer. He moved to Western Australia in 1896, becoming a public servant. He sat on Kalgoorlie Council, of which he was mayor in 1900, and was a leading federalist. In 1901, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Free Trade Senator for Western Australia. He held the seat until his retirement in 1906. He was later involved in the Papuan Government Service, where he was Director of Agriculture and Mines. After serving in the military from 1914 to 1918, he served as acting Administrator of the Northern Territory 1919-1921. He continued his involvement with Papua as Commissioner for Crown Lands, Mines and Agriculture. After retiring from government service, he was a farmer at Boyup Brook in Western Australia. Smith died in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="20281061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281061" title="Neryungrinsky District">
Neryungrinsky District

Neryungrinsky District (; ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or "ulus"), one of the thirty-four in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is located in the south of the republic and borders with Aldansky District in the north, Olyokminsky District in the west and northwest, Irkutsk Oblast in the south, and with Khabarovsk Krai in the east. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Neryungri. Population (excluding the administrative center): 
Geography.
The landscape of the district is mostly mountainous. The main river in the district is the Aldan with its tributaries the Timpton and the Chulman. The largest lake is Lake Bolshoye Toko.
Climate.
Average January temperature ranges from to and average July temperature ranges from to . Annual precipitation is .
History.
The district was established on November 6, 1975.
Demographics.
As of the 1989 Census, the ethnic composition was as follows:
Economy.
There are deposits of gold, coal, iron ore, molybdenum, and construction materials in the district.
Administrative divisions.
The district includes seven municipal divisions, covering a total of nine inhabited locations.
Divisional source:

</doc>
<doc id="20281072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281072" title="George Renny Young">
George Renny Young

George Renny Young (July 4, 1802 – June 30, 1853) was a Scottish-born journalist, lawyer, author and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Pictou County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1843 to 1851.
He was born in Falkirk, the son of John Young and Agnes Renny, and came to Halifax with his family in 1814. He worked with his father for several years before studying at the Pictou Academy. In 1824, he established the "Novascotian, or Colonial Herald", a weekly newspaper. He sold the paper in 1827 so that he could devote his time to the study of law. He was admitted to the bar in 1834 and joined his brother William in practice at Halifax. In 1834, he published "The British North American colonies" to demonstrate to Britain the importance of its colonies. In 1838, he married Jane Brooking in London. In 1842, he published "On colonial literature, science and education", a collection of lectures. In 1844, he published "The prince and his protégé", a romantic story published in as a serial. He served as a minister without portfolio in the province's Executive Council from 1848 to 1851. In his final years, he suffered from fits of depression, digestive problems and acute pain. Young died in Halifax at the age of 50.

</doc>
<doc id="20281080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281080" title="Zephyr Technology">
Zephyr Technology

Zephyr Technology Corporation, (also known as Zephyr) is a privately owned manufacturer of advanced heart rate monitors, remote physiological monitoring and wireless telehealth systems for remote patient monitoring.
Based in Annapolis, Maryland and founded in 2003, Zephyr developed one of the first commercially available wearable, wireless and field-deployable Physiological Status Monitoring (PSM) systems for use in training and high stress operational environments. The company now has research and development resources in the United States, New Zealand and India, along with 31 distributors in more than 40 countries globally. Zephyr manufactures a range of consumer and professional-grade heart rate and fitness monitoring devices capable of measuring heart rate, respiration, heart rate variability, activity level, and 3-axis accelerometry. Zephyr most recent product, ZephyrLIFE, is one of the first entries into the emerging home telehealth and remote patient monitoring market.
History.
In 2003, Zephyr was founded in New Zealand to help develop remote monitoring technologies to address the needs of coaches and athletes in their training. Zephyr's engineers learned early on that there were particular challenges that such systems faced - many of which were the same as those faced by first responders and military personnel. 
Early and ongoing collaboration with fire departments, NASA Ames Research Center, National Guard Civil Support Teams, and multiple U.S. Special Forces units have allow Zephyr to develop its BioHarness and OmniSense software, which are capable of monitoring up to 50 test subjects at ranges of up to 1000ft.
In 2010, Zephyr's BioHarness and OmniSense system were used to remotely monitor the health and medical status of miners trapped during the 2010 Copiapó mining accident near Copiapó, Chile.
In 2011, Under Armour partnered with Zephyr to monitor athletes during the 2011 NFL Scouting Combine.
More recently, Zephyr has partnered with organizations including Massachusetts General Hospital, the National Institutes of Health, Qualcomm, Verizon Wireless, and 3M to develop and launch ZephyrLIFE - one of the first commercially available comprehensive remote patient monitoring systems for general care monitoring. 

</doc>
<doc id="20281089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281089" title="Raymond Laflamme">
Raymond Laflamme

Raymond Laflamme is a Canadian physicist and the co-founder and current director of the Institute for Quantum Computing at the University of Waterloo. He is also a professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Waterloo and an associate faculty member at Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics. Laflamme is currently a Canada Research Chair in Quantum Information.
Among his significant scientific works have been his work in quantum computing and quantum information theory. In 2005, Laflamme's research group created the world's largest quantum information processor with 12 qubits. Laflamme is also known for his work with Stephen Hawking and Don Page on time in a contracting universe. Along with Phillip Kaye and Michele Mosca, he published "An Introduction to Quantum Computing" in 2006.
Laflamme's research focuses on understanding the impact of manipulating information using the laws of quantum mechanics, the development of methods to protect quantum information against noise through quantum control and quantum error correction for quantum computing and cryptography, the implementation of ideas and concepts of quantum information processing using nuclear magnetic resonance to develop scalable methods of control of quantum systems, and the development of blueprints for quantum information processors such as linear optical quantum computing.
Biography.
Laflamme was born in Quebec City in 1960 to a medical doctor father and a dietician mother. He finished his undergraduate education at the Universite Laval in Canada and went on to doctoral studies at the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at the University of Cambridge. His PhD supervisor was Stephen Hawking. Hawking has mentioned in his book A Brief History of Time that Laflamme and Don Page were responsible for convincing him that time does not reverse in a contracting universe.
After completing his PhD, Laflamme worked as a postdoctoral fellow at the University of British Columbia as well as Cambridge before joining the Los Alamos National Laboratory. His work during this time was ranked amongst the Top Ten Breakthroughs of the Year from the journal Science in 1998. In 2001, he joined the newly founded Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics and the Physics and Astronomy department of the affiliated University of Waterloo, where he and Michele Mosca founded the Institute for Quantum Computing. In 2003, he became director of the Quantum Information program at the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research; he is also the scientific director of QuantumWorks, Canada's national research consortium on Quantum Information Science, and holds the Canadian Research Chair in Quantum Information.
Scientific Work.
Though he started his career working in quantum gravity and cosmology, Raymond Laflamme is known as a pioneering scientist in quantum information theory. While at Los Alamos, he was involved with the experimental implementation of quantum information processing devices using nuclear magnetic resonance. He is also credited with developing a theoretical scheme for efficient quantum computation using linear optics, along with Emmanuel Knill and Gerard Milburn. 
Laflamme laid down the mathematical framework for quantum error-correcting codes, which has since developed into a broad topic of research. With colleagues Cesar Miquel, Juan Paz and Wojciech Zurek, he constructed the most compact quantum error correcting code.
Media.
Laflamme was a featured scientist in the award-winning documentary, "The Quantum Tamers" which was presented by the Perimeter Institute and saw its Canadian premiere in October 2009 at the Quantum to Cosmos festival in Waterloo, Ontario. Laflamme was also a participant in The Agenda With Steve Paikin discussion panel, "Wired 24/7", with Neil Gershenfeld, Jaron Lanier, Neal Stephenson, and Tara Hunt at the Quantum to Cosmos festival. The following year, Laflamme was a contributor at the 2010 TEDx event in Waterloo, Ontario.
Laflamme was involved in several events surrounding the grand-opening of the Mike & Ophelia Lazaridis Quantum-Nano Centre at the University of Waterloo. He was a participant at the "Bridging Worlds" panel discussion with Ivan Semeniuk, Mike Lazaridis, Tom Brzustowski, and Chad Orzel at the Mike & Ophelia Lazaridis Quantum-Nano Centre Open House in 2012. As part of the grand-opening events, the Kitchener-Waterloo Symphony performed "Quantum: Music at the Frontier of Science" of which Laflamme was a collaborator in the creation of the concert narrative.
Laflamme will be appearing as a speaker at BrainSTEM: Your Future is Now Festival which is running from September 30 to October 6, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20281090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281090" title="Beilen railway station">
Beilen railway station

Beilen is a railway station located in Beilen, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 May 1870, closed on 15 May 1938 and re-opened on 1 June 1940. The station is located on the Meppel–Groningen railway. The services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Beilen:

</doc>
<doc id="20281102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281102" title="Gladys Lucy Adshead">
Gladys Lucy Adshead

Gladys Lucy Adshead (April 25, 1896–1985) was a British-born writer of children's books. 
Adshead was born in Manchester, England, to James Frederick and Bertha Wilson Groome Adshead. She was educated at Froebel Educational Institute, a teacher training college. She became a teacher and headmistress in private schools in England, where she was a member of the Royal Society of Teachers, and later in Maryland, Massachusetts, and Illinois in the United States. 
Gladys Adshead was best known for her "Brownie" books, the first of which was published in 1938 by Oxford University Press and entitled "Brownies - Hush"!. She died in Santa Rosa, California in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20281105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281105" title="Clydach">
Clydach

Clydach may refer to any of various settlements and rivers in South Wales:

</doc>
<doc id="20281119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281119" title="Princes Hill Secondary College">
Princes Hill Secondary College

Princes Hill Secondary College is a state, coeducational secondary school, located in the inner Melbourne suburb of Carlton North, Australia. The school has been in continuous operation since its establishment in 1889.
In recent years, parts of the school have been refurbished, such as the Performing Arts Centre, Textiles & Food Facilities, VCE Classrooms and Science Laboratories, which were refurbished during 2005; also an additional building, a Gymnasium, was established in 2006. The college also has its own school camp at the Mirimbah Country Centre in the foothills of Mount Buller. One of the school's policies is that students do not wear a uniform.
History.
Prior to 1959, when it was elevated to High School status, PHSC was known as Princes Hill Public School and Princes Hill State School. After a fire destroyed the original structure in 1971, the school was rebuilt in 1973 by Daryl Jackson in a Brutalist architectural style. The school won an architecture award - the Victorian bronze medal for architecture.
Student body.
There are around 800 students from Years 7-12 enrolled at the school.

</doc>
<doc id="20281147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281147" title="Gərəkli">
Gərəkli

Gərəkli is a village and municipality in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,617. The municipality includes the villages of Gərəkli and Mazımçay.

</doc>
<doc id="20281157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281157" title="Şərif">
Şərif

Şərif is a village and municipality in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,231.

</doc>
<doc id="20281161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281161" title="Slow Fade">
Slow Fade

"Slow Fade" is a song by Christian rock band Casting Crowns. Written by Mark Hall, it was released as the third single from Casting Crowns' 2007 studio album "The Altar and the Door". Written after the public falls from grace of several church leaders, "Slow Fade" is a cautionary tale against making the wrong choices. It was positively received by music critics, who praised the song's lyrical theme.
"Slow Fade" had moderate success on Christian chart formats, peaking at number five on the "Billboard" Christian Songs chart, number seven on the "Billboard" Hot Christian AC chart, and number nineteen on the "Radio & Records" Christian CHR chart. The song's music video, which was produced and directed by the Erwin Brothers, depicts a family slowly deteriorating due to the compromising decisions they have made. It won the award for Short Form Music Video of the Year at the 40th GMA Dove Awards.
The lyrics of "Slow Fade" sample the children's Bible song, "O Be Careful, Little Eyes".
Background and composition.
"Slow Fade" was written in the "light of the well publicised falls from grace of several high profile church leaders". According to lead vocalist Mark Hall: "Nobody falls, it's just a slow fade. It's a series of minor compromises until you're in a place you never thought you'd be, doing things you never thought you'd do and rationalising all of it". He continued by saying that: "As believers, as men, if we're not guarding our relationship with God, we're going down. There's too much going against us. If we're not careful, we're going to crash and burn".
"Slow Fade" is a song with a length of four minutes and thirty-eight seconds. According to the sheet music published by Musicnotes.com, "Slow Fade" is set in common time in the key of D major, with a tempo of 80 beats per minute. Mark Hall's vocal range in the song spans from the low note of A3 to the high note of G5. A ballad, "Slow Fade" is "a cautionary tale urging believers to make the right choices".
Reception.
"Slow Fade" met with mostly positive reception from music critics. Jared Johnson of Allmusic noted it had a "mature rock theme" and "showcased more grunge guitar than could be heard on all of "Lifesong"". In reviews for "Billboard" and "CCM Magazine", Deborah Evans Price praised the song as "compelling" and an example of Mark Hall's ability to write "stirring anthems" and "achingly vulnerable, introspective songs". Andree Farias of "Christianity Today" praised the lyrics as "full of great ideas about spiritual apostasy" but said the arrangement "leaves the impression that Hall and company are bored or tired".
Chart performance.
"Slow Fade" debuted at number twenty-eight on the "Billboard" Christian Songs chart for the chart week of August 23, 2008. It advanced to number nineteen in its fifth chart week and to number fifteen in its sixth. In its eleventh chart week "Slow Fade" entered the top ten, moving to number nine. It advanced to its peak position of number five in its eighteenth chart week, the week of December 20, 2008. In total, "Slow Fade" spent twenty-nine weeks on the Christian Songs chart. It also peaked at number seven on the "Billboard" Hot Christian AC chart, which it spent thirty weeks on, and number nineteen on the "Radio & Records" Christian CHR chart.
"Slow Fade" ranked at number thirty-three on the 2008 year-end Hot Christian AC chart. It ranked at number thirty-five on the 2009 year-end Hot Christian AC chart and number fifty on the 2009 year-end Christian Songs chart. On the 2000s decade-end Hot Christian AC chart, "Slow Fade" ranked at number ninety-five.
Promotion.
Produced and directed by the Erwin Brothers, the music video for "Slow Fade" was shot in Birmingham, Alabama. The video depicts a deteriorating family slowly fading because of the compromising decisions they have made. It premiered on Yahoo! Music on May 21, 2008, receiving placement of the website's front page. It was included on Casting Crowns' live album "The Altar and the Door Live" and won the award for Short Form Music Video of the Year at the 40th GMA Dove Awards.
Casting Crowns performed a "haunting" rendition of "Slow Fade" at a concert on March 22, 2008 at the Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena in Jacksonville, Florida. At a concert on February 3, 2010 at the Sprint Center in Kansas City, Missouri, Casting Crowns performed it as the third song on their set list. At a concert on February 28, 2010 in Hershey, Pennsylvania, they performed the song as part of their set list.
Credits and personnel.
Credits lifted from the album liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20281173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281173" title="Elliott (band)">
Elliott (band)

Elliott was a rock group from Louisville, United States. They released four albums and several 7"s in their eight-year existence, and were signed to Revelation Records.
History.
Formation.
The group was formed in 1995 after the demise of lauded Louisville hardcore outfit Falling Forward. FF drummer Ben Lord soon left the band, so new drummer Kevin Ratterman was recruited, joining Chris Higdon (vocals/guitar), Jay Palumbo (guitar) and Jonathan Mobley (bass). Ratterman (who was also a producer and an engineer) would go on to play a large part in writing and producing Elliott's music.
"In Transit" and "US Songs" (1997–1998).
In 1997, Elliott released their debut 7", "In Transit". Their first full-length, "US Songs", followed in 1998.
"False Cathedrals (2000).
2000's "False Cathedrals" was a more polished affair than its predecessor, featuring vocal harmonies and more piano than "US Songs". "False Cathedrals" is Elliott's most popular release. It was met with critical acclaim by a broad cross-section of the underground rock community. According to Revelation Records, it is amongst the highest selling albums in the label's back-catalogue.
Shortly after the completion of "False Cathedrals", Palumbo and Mobley left the group to pursue other musical interests. Jason Skaggs took over on bass, and Falling Forward's Benny Clark was enlisted to play guitar. Clark's ethereal, effects-heavy sound would go on to have a significant impact on Elliott's music.
"Song in the Air", departure of Skaggs, and break up (2003).
Elliott's third album, "Song in the Air", was released in 2003. It marked another stylistic shift for the group, incorporating more post-rock influences, as well as live string arrangements by the Louisville group Rachel's. Pitchfork Media called "Song in the Air" "a far more dynamic and internally cohesive record than any of the group's previous efforts."
Skaggs left the group shortly after the completion of "Song in the Air". He was replaced by Billy Bisig.
Shortly after "Song in the Air"''s release, Elliott announced their intention to break up. They completed final tours of Europe and the US, before disbanding in November 2003.
Posthumous.
A posthumous release, "Photorecording", featured two discs: a CD with live tracks and a collection of demos/b-sides, and a DVD with live footage and a documentary about their final US tour. 
Members of Elliott have been busy since the group's demise. Singer/Guitarist Chris Higdon is now fronting the group Frontier(s) alongside members of Automatic, Mouthpiece, Enkindels, Stay Gold and others. Benny Clark is playing bass in a group named Parlour. Kevin Ratterman operates a recording studio called The Funeral Home in Louisville — he also played bass in Your Black Star (2004–2005) and is currently part of the trio Wax Fang.
Revelation Records repressed "US Songs" on grey vinyl for Record Store Day 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20281181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281181" title="Sir Alexander Matheson, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Alexander Matheson, 3rd Baronet

Sir Alexander Perceval Matheson, 3rd Baronet (6 February 1861 – 7 August 1929) was an English-born Australian politician. Born in Mayfair, London, he was the son of Sir Alexander Matheson, 1st Baronet, a Scottish member of the House of Commons. Educated in England at Harrow School. In 1894 he migrated to Western Australia and the next year established a store and commercial agency in Bayley Street, Coolgardie. From this base he managed branches in Perth, Fremantle, Kalgoorlie, Cue, Menzies and Lawlers selling mining machinery, and providing finance, in association with Bewick, Moreing & Co., for the development of mines. In 1897, he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council for North-East Province, serving until 1901. He was served as a member of the Federal Council of Australasia from 1897 to 1901. In 1901 he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Senator for Western Australia, on a platform of absolute free trade, industrial arbitration, old-age pensions, uniform franchise and White Australia. He served until his retirement in 1906. Returning to England, he succeeded to the baronetcy in 1920, and died in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20281183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281183" title="Øverlandselva">
Øverlandselva

Øverlandselva is a river that flows through Bærum, Norway.
It starts near Øverland in northern Bærum, at the confluence of the creeks Seternbekken and Ilabekken. It runs south and southwest, emptying into the eastern side of Engervannet at Blommenholm. A river runs from Engervannet and flows into Sandvikselva, but this portion is called Rønneelva.

</doc>
<doc id="20281237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281237" title="A Heady Tale">
A Heady Tale

"A Heady Tale" is the third single by Scottish rock band, The Fratellis from their second album, "Here We Stand". It was released on 22 December 2008. This song is 1 of the 4 tracks on "Here We Stand" to have a heavy use of piano (the other 3 being "Mistress Mabel", "Milk And Money" & "Moriaty's Last Stand"). The B-sides "Mon Yous, Mon us but no' Them" and "When All the Lights Go Out" were also piano intensive. Jon Fratelli has said that the B-Side "Lonesome Anti Christmas Blues" is the "most depressing Christmas song written".
The CD version of the single was released as a limited edition (limited to 1,000 copies) CD with a Christmas card. The limited edition CD can be bought directly from the official online store on The Fratellis Homepage. Because of this, the single underperformed in the UK Singles Chart, failing to even chart in the UK Top 100.

</doc>
<doc id="20281238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281238" title="Golden West Lodge Historic District">
Golden West Lodge Historic District

The Golden West Lodge Historic District includes the Golden West Lodge and its environs in Stehekin, Washington. Built in 1926, the lodge used salvaged portions of the Field Hotel, demolished the same year when the level of Lake Chelan was raised. Located in Lake Chelan National Recreation Area, the lodge was rehabilitated to function as the National Park Service Stehekin District Headquarters and Visitor Center in 2002.
The Purple Point-Stehekin Ranger Station House is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is located just south of the historic district.

</doc>
<doc id="20281239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281239" title="Bedağar">
Bedağar

Bedağar is a village in the municipality of Qazma in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20281242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281242" title="Dinsmoor Glacier">
Dinsmoor Glacier

Dinsmoor Glacier () is a glacier flowing from the south edge of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast, Graham Land in Antarctica. It drains eastwards between Darzalas Peak and Mount Elliott to enter Mundraga Bay. Mapped from surveys by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) (1960–61). Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Charles Dinsmoor of Warren, PA, who invented the endless tracking "vehicle" in 1886, a forerunner of the modern continuous track and tracked vehicles. It was first manufactured commercially by Holt Manufacturing Company of Stockton, California in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="20281247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281247" title="Darvazbinə">
Darvazbinə

Darvazbinə is a village in the municipality of Qazma in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20281251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281251" title="Nassarius tiarula">
Nassarius tiarula

Nassarius tiarula, common name the western mud nassa, is a species of small sea snail with gills and an operculum, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the nassa mud snails or dog whelks. 
Description.
The length of the shell varies between 9 mm and 20 mm.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Pacific Ocean from California to Mexico.
Feeding habits.
These snails are exclusively scavengers.

</doc>
<doc id="20281252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281252" title="Cillik">
Cillik

Cillik is a village in the municipality of Qazma in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20281256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281256" title="Öküzovtala">
Öküzovtala

Öküzovtala is a village in the municipality of Qazma in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20281263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281263" title="Çorçorbinə">
Çorçorbinə

Çorçorbinə is a village in the municipality of Poştbinə in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20281270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281270" title="Qaracabinə">
Qaracabinə

Qaracabinə is a village in the municipality of Qasbinə in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20281286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281286" title="Qazbölük">
Qazbölük

Qazbölük is a village in the municipality of Meşəşambul in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20281287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281287" title="Henry Saunders">
Henry Saunders

Henry John Saunders (16 February 1855 – 13 October 1919) was an English-born Australian politician. Born in London, he was educated in Bristol at Clifton College before becoming a civil engineer. In 1884 he migrated to Australia. He was involved in local politics and sat on Perth City Council, serving as mayor in 1895; he was also a pastoralist and company director. In 1894 he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council, serving until 1902. On 20 May 1903 he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Free Trade Senator for Western Australia, filling the casual vacancy caused by the resignation of Senator Norman Ewing. He contested the 1903 election but was unsuccessful. In 1918 he returned to the Legislative Council, but he died in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="20281295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281295" title="Mazımüstü">
Mazımüstü

Mazımüstü is a village in the municipality of Tülü in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20281302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281302" title="Manuel de civilité pour les petites filles à l'usage des maisons d'éducation">
Manuel de civilité pour les petites filles à l'usage des maisons d'éducation

The "Manuel de civilité pour les petites filles à l'usage des maisons d'éducation" (English: "Handbook of behaviour for little girls to be used in educational establishments") is an erotic literary work by the French writer Pierre Louÿs, written in 1917 and published posthumously and anonymously in 1927.
It takes the form of a parody of the rigorous educational handbooks of the time, and is thus composed of short pieces of advice (generally a sentence or two) arranged into topics: "At home", "Duties towards your mother", "In class", etc. The tone of the work is sharp, even concise, the style particularly believable and chatty. Pierre Louÿs uses irony readily to evoke the cheap loves of the perverse young girls, and this relative distance enables him to despise any moral censure (incest, paedophilia...). In fact, one is far from the invaluable refinement of the "Songs of Bilitis" for example. The "Handbook of civility" is undoubtedly the most subversive work of Louÿs, a true attack against the middle-class puritanism of the Belle Époque.
By the way of illustration, the "Glossary" which opens the work comprises this warning:We have considered it useless to explain the words: cunt, slit, fanny, mound, cock, tail, bollock, testicle, cum (verb), cum (noun), erection, masturbate, suck, lick, pump, kiss, fellate, screw, fuck, ass-fuck, ejaculate, dildo, lesbian, dyke, sixty-nine, cunnilingus, cute, whore, brothel. These words are familiar to all little girls.
The edition of the work published at Librio is marked "for informed readers". Some of the book’s counsels were illustrated by cartoonist Loïc Dubigeon under the title of "Handbook of behaviour for the use of "big" girls".

</doc>
<doc id="20281305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281305" title="Hetovlar">
Hetovlar

Hetovlar is a village in the municipality of Talalar in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20281311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281311" title="Pirgax">
Pirgax

Pirgax is a village in the municipality of Püştətala in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20281318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281318" title="Qaravəlili, Balakan">
Qaravəlili, Balakan

Qaravəlili is a village in the municipality of Püştətala in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20281321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281321" title="Artur Sobiech">
Artur Sobiech

Artur Sobiech (; born 12 June 1990 in Ruda Śląska) is a Polish footballer, currently playing for Bundesliga club Hannover 96.
Club career.
After spending four years at Ruch Chorzów, where he started his professional career, Sobiech joined Polonia Warszawa in July 2010. Polonia paid one million euros for him. He was named Ekstraklasa discovery of the year.
On 30 June 2011, Sobiech transferred to Bundesliga side Hannover 96, signing a contract until June 2014. In May 2013, the club announced that he had extended his contract until 30 June 2017.
International career.
After playing for the Poland U-21 team, Sobiech received his first call-up to the Poland national football team in May 2010. He debuted on 29 May against Finland, replacing Ireneusz Jeleń in the 89th minute. The match ended in a goalless 0–0 result. He scored his first goal on 22 May 2012 in a 1–0 friendly win against Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="20281323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281323" title="Mollaçibinə">
Mollaçibinə

Mollaçibinə is a village in the municipality of Püştətala in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20281330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281330" title="Göyrücük">
Göyrücük

Göyrücük is a village in the municipality of Xalatala in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20281336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281336" title="Böyüktala">
Böyüktala

Böyüktala is a village in the municipality of Hənifə in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20281340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281340" title="Məlikzadə">
Məlikzadə

Məlikzadə is a village in the municipality of Hənifə in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20281343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281343" title="Cincartala">
Cincartala

Cincartala is a village in the municipality of Hənifə in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20281345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281345" title="Hatiya">
Hatiya

Hatiya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20281347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281347" title="Göyəmtala">
Göyəmtala

Göyəmtala is a village in the municipality of Hənifə in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20281363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281363" title="Human bocavirus">
Human bocavirus

Human bocavirus (HBoV) is a parvovirus that has been suggested to cause human disease. It is a probable cause of lower respiratory tract infections and it has been linked to gastroenteritis, although the role of this emerging infectious disease in human disease has not been firmly established.
History.
Allander and colleagues at the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm, Sweden, first cloned this new member of the family of "Parvoviridae" in 2005 from pooled nasopharyngeal aspirates (NPA, collection of aspirated fluid from the back of the nasal cavity). They used a novel technique called molecular virus screening, based on random cloning and bioinformatical analysis. This technique has led to the discovery of new viruses such as polyomavirus KI (Karolinska Institute) and WU (Washington University), which are closely related to each other and have been isolated from respiratory secretions.
Several groups of scientists have since then found that HBoV is the fourth most common virus in respiratory samples, behind respiratory syncytial virus, adenoviruses (155, 28%) and rhinoviruses.
The name bocavirus is derived from bovine and canine, referring to the two known hosts for other members of this genus; the bovine parvovirus which infects cattle, and the minute virus of canines which infects dogs. Parvoviruses (Latin: small viruses) have a 5 kilobase long single-stranded DNA, and they use some of their host's replication proteins to copy their DNA.
Virology.
The virons are small (diameter 18-26 nanometers), icosahedral and non enveloped. The capsid has a T = 1 symmetry and consists of 60 copies of coat protein. The coat proteins have a conserved, eight stranded beta barrel motif that forms the core of the capsid. There is also a conserved alpha helix.
The HBoV capsid shares three characteristic features also found in the other vertebrate parvoviruses: (1) a dimple like depression at each icosahedral 2-fold axis; (2) a large trimeric protrusion surrounds each 3-fold axis or is located at the 3-fold axis; (3) a channel at each 5-fold axis whose outermost opening is formed by a small pentameric structure encircled by a wide canyon like region. While this dimple is also found among the invertebrate parvoviruses they lack the 3-fold protrusions and canyon around the 5-fold channel. The external diameter of the capsid ranges from ∼21.5 nanometers (nm) at the lowest points of the dimple and canyon to ∼28 nm at the top of the protrusion.
The genome is a linear, single-stranded DNA 5.2-5.3 kilobases in length with terminal hairpin structures at both ends.
The genome encodes 3 open reading frames (ORF1, 2 and 3). The two left most ORFs encode 2 non structural proteins (NS1 and NP1). The right hand ORF (ORF3) encodes the capsid proteins (VP1 and VP2). The NP1 gene is in an alternate reading frame to VP1 and overlaps the start of VP1 by 13 nucleotides. Similarly, VP2 is collinear to VP1 and results from initiation of translation at a downstream ATG and co-terminates.
NP1 is a small non-structural protein that could induce apoptosis in transfection of HeLa cells.
There is a single promoter located within the 3' hairpin. This is responsible for, by alternative splicing and alternative polyadenylation, for the generation of several (at least 6) mRNAs. The poly A tail is ~150 nucleotides in length.
After nuclear import the single stranded genome is converted to double stranded DNA and production of the viral NS1 protein commences.
The genome is replicated through a unique rolling hairpin mechanism that is dependent on the NS1 protein. Replication results in the creation of a series of circular head to tail sequences.
A sequence conserved among the Parvoviridae TAAAAAT is found close to the 3' terminus.
Other parvoviruses replicate only when the host cell is in S phase: viral replication results in the death of the host cell. This pattern has not yet been experimentally confirmed for the bocaviruses but seems likely to be the case. Expression of the viral proteins alone does not cause host cell death. unlike other parvoviruses where this has been examined.
The receptor for bovine parvovirus 1 is sialic acid.
Molecular biology.
NS1 belongs to the superfamily III (SF3) helicases all of which travel along DNA in a 3′-to-5′ direction. Four conserved sequence motifs in are found in SF3 helicases (A, B, B′, and C). These motifs form the nucleoside triphosphate binding pocket, the metal ion coordination site, the DNA-binding site and the sensory element. These motifs are in a stretch of approximately 100 amino acid residues in the middle of NS1. These helicases surround DNA as a ring of six or eight subunits with the ATP binding pocket lying between adjacent subunits. The first subunit provides the A and B motifs, and the arginine residue of the second subunit functions as a trans-acting arginine finger sensor for ATP binding and hydrolysis status. The arginine finger lies after the C motif but in three dimensions it is often embedded in a cluster of positively charged amino acids. In a ring configuration this domain interacts with the ATP binding pocket of the neighboring subunit.
NS1 binds to both the left and right hand origins of replication on the right with the host's own high mobility group proteins and on the left with glucocorticoid modulatory element-binding proteins. Origin recognition leads to strand- and site-specific nicking of viral DNA, processes that require ATP for tight binding and subsequent nicking. The NS1 protein remains covalently linked to the 5′ end of nicked DNA with the 3′-hydroxyl group being used for synthesis of the nascent strand. Replication of the genome is thought to be mediated by DNA polymerase δ. This polymerase is usually involved in repair of DNA after the excision of nucleotides. This process involves proliferating cell nuclear antigen, the single strand-binding protein replication protein A and NS1. In this process NS1 acts as an ATP powered helicase to resolve terminal hairpin structures of the viral genome.
In addition to these functions NS1 enhances transcription from a viral capsid promoter, may assist in packing DNA into newly formed capsids and is responsible for the cytopathic effect of parvoviruses.
Genetics.
There is 78%, 67%, and 80% identity between Human Bocavirus 1 and 2 NS1, NP1, and VP1/VP2 proteins respectively.
There are four known human genotypes of this virus: type 1 to 4. Types 1 and 2 appear to have diverged recently (circa 1985) Recombination may occur between strains. The estimated mean evolutionary rate is 8.6 x 10(-4) substitutions/site/year. The 1st + 2nd codon positions evolve 15 times more slowly than those of the 3rd codon position.
Phylogenetic analysis of this genus groups the swine bocavirus with canine minute virus.
Bocaviruses have been isolated from pigs
Human bocavirus 3 appears to be a recombinant of human bocavirus 1 and human bocavirus 2 and 4.
Incomplete sequences of bocaviruses have been obtained from wild chimpanzees. These sequences phlyogenetically lie within the known human bocavirus isolates but also show evidence of recombination.
Clinical.
HBoV is found in respiratory samples from healthy subjects. In patients with respiratory complaints, it can be found alone or, more often, in combination with other viruses known to cause respiratory complaints.
Newborns are probably protected by passive immunisation.
The age group most frequently affected appear to be children between the ages of six months to two years, although cases in children older than five and even in a 28-year-old have been reported.
HBoV can be detected not only in respiratory samples but also in blood, urine, and stools. The latter two may merely reflect viral shedding, although diarrhoea has been described in animal bocaviral infections, and some patients with HBoV seem to have diarrhoea independent of respiratory symptoms.
A study in Jordan found that 9% of 220 children hospitalised with lower respiratory tract infection were infected with bocavirus. Of those infected the median age was 4 months. Coughing (100%), wheezing (82.7%) and fever (68.2%) were the most common clinical findings with bronchopneumonia (35%) and bronchiolitis (30%) being the most common ultimate diagnoses.
HBoV1 has been generally associated with respiratory symptoms while other HBoV tend to be associated with diarrhea and acute flaccid paralysis.
Although most cases are mild severe respiratory disease has also been reported.
Life-threatening infection caused by human bocavirus was described in previously healthy 20-months old prematurely born child.

</doc>
<doc id="20281368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281368" title="Shannon's Rainbow">
Shannon's Rainbow

"Shannon's Rainbow" is a 2011 drama and family film both produced and directed by Frank E. Johnson. It stars Julianne Michelle and Claire Forlani, with a musical score by emmy winner Charles David Denler. 
Now in post production, the film was shot in western Pennsylvania from a script written by John Mowood 
and Larry Richert and based on Mowod's own experiences seeing his brother rehabilitate an injured horse and win a championship horse race. Post production (Jan. 10, 2013) 
The main character's story about recently experiencing the death of her father is loosely based on the death of Jeff Gardner, good friend of Mowod and Richert. Mowod and Gardner collaborated on the outline of the film before Jeff Gardner was killed in an accident. The film takes its name from Jeff's oldest daughter, Shannon, and is dedicated to Jeff.
Plot.
A 17-year-old girl (Julianne Michelle) faces and overcomes hardship with the discovery of the mother she never knew and with her love for a hobbled horse named Rainbow.
Cast.
Billy Bob Thornton and The Boxmasters, Soundtrack music "The Last Place They Would Look".
Executive Producers: Stewart Rahr and Joseph Di Palma
shannonsrainbowmovie.com official website imdb.com
Additional sources.
courthouse news service April 21, 2009 Plaintiff: Film Executive Producer, Joseph Di Palma. Defendants: Frank E. Johnson, Kelly Nelson, Charles Morrison
courthouse news service April 21, 2009 Joseph DiPalma Defendants: Larry Richert, Frank E. Johnson

</doc>
<doc id="20281400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281400" title="John Croft">
John Croft

John William Croft (20 January 1871 – 1913) was an Australian politician. Born in Newcastle, New South Wales, he was educated in state schools before becoming an apprentice bootmaker. Moving to Western Australia in the 1890s, he was Secretary of the Coastal Trades and Labour Council. In 1903, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Western Australia. He retired in 1910. Croft died in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="20281432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281432" title="Bergen op Zoom railway station">
Bergen op Zoom railway station

Bergen op Zoom is a railway station located in Bergen op Zoom, Netherlands. The station was opened on 23 December 1863 and is located on the Roosendaal–Vlissingen railway. The services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Bergen op Zoom:

</doc>
<doc id="20281471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281471" title="Christophe Breuil">
Christophe Breuil

Christophe Breuil (; born 1968) is a French mathematician, who works in algebraic geometry and number theory.
Academic life.
Breuil attended schools in Brive-la-Gaillarde and Toulouse and studied from 1990 to 1992 at the École Polytechnique.
In 1993, he obtained his DEA degree at the Paris-Sud 11 University located in Orsay.
From 1993 to 1996 he conducted research at the École Polytechnique and taught simultaneously at the University of Paris-Sud, Orsay.
In 1996, he received his PhD from the École Polytechnique, supervised by Jean-Marc Fontaine with the thesis "Cohomologie log-cristalline et représentations galoisiennes p -adiques".
In 1997, he gave the Cours Peccot at the Collège de France.
In 2001 he obtained a habilitation degree entitled "Aspects entiers de la théorie de Hodge p-adique et applications" at Paris-Sud 11 University.
Since 2002 he has been at IHES as Director of Research with the CNRS.
In 2007/08 he was a visiting professor at Columbia University.
He was a invited speaker in International Congress of Mathematicians 2010, Hyderabad on the topic of ""Number Theory.""
Awards.
In 1993 he was awarded the Prix Gaston Julia at the École Polytechnique.
In 2002 he received the Grand Prix Jacques Herbrand of the French Academy of Sciences and the 2006 Prix Dargelos Anciens Élèves of the École Polytechnique.
Work.
With Fred Diamond, Richard Taylor and Brian Conrad in 1999, he proved the Taniyama–Shimura conjecture, which previously had only been proved in a special case by Andrew Wiles and Taylor. Then he worked on the "p"-adic Langlands conjecture.

</doc>
<doc id="20281507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281507" title="George Henderson (Australian politician)">
George Henderson (Australian politician)

Christopher George Henderson (19 August 1857 – 21 January 1933) was a Scottish-born Australian politician. Born in Clackmannanshire, he received a primary education before migrating to Australia in 1885. He was a coal miner in New South Wales and general secretary of the Illawarra Miners' Union. He moved to Western Australia around 1900, becoming a coal miner at Collie and serving on Collie Municipal Council. In 1903, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Western Australia. He left the Labor Party in the wake of the 1916 split over conscription, joining the new Nationalist Party. He remained a Nationalist Senator until his defeat in 1922. Henderson died in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="20281509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281509" title="Equatorial waves">
Equatorial waves

Equatorial waves are ocean waves trapped close to the equator, meaning that they decay rapidly away from the equator, but can propagate in the longitudinal and vertical directions. Wave trapping is the result of the Earth's rotation and its spherical shape which combine to cause the magnitude of the Coriolis force to increase rapidly away from the equator. Equatorial waves are present in both the tropical atmosphere and ocean and play an important role in the evolution of many climate phenomena such as El Niño. Many physical processes may excite equatorial waves including, in the case of the atmosphere, diabatic heat release associated with cloud formation, and in the case of the ocean, anomalous changes in the strength or direction of the trade winds. Equatorial waves may be separated into a series of subclasses depending on their fundamental dynamics (which also influences their typical periods and speeds and directions of propagation). At shortest periods are the equatorial gravity waves while the longest periods are associated with the equatorial Rossby waves. In addition to these two extreme subclasses, there are two special subclasses of equatorial waves known as the mixed Rossby-gravity wave (also known as the Yanai wave) and the equatorial Kelvin wave. The latter two share the characteristics that they can have any period and also that they may carry energy only in an eastward (never westward) direction. The remainder of this article discusses the relationship between the period of these waves, their wavelength in the zonal direction and their speeds for a simplified ocean.
Equatorial Rossby and Rossby-gravity waves.
Rossby-gravity waves, first observed in the stratosphere by M. Yanai, always carry energy eastward. But, oddly, their 'crests' and 'troughs' may propagate westward if their periods are long enough. The eastward speed of propagation of these waves can be derived for an inviscid slowly moving layer of fluid of uniform depth H. Because the Coriolis parameter ("ƒ" = 2Ω sin(θ) where Ω is the angular velocity of the earth, 7.2921 formula_1 10−5 rad/s, and θ is latitude) vanishes at 0 degrees latitude (equator), the “equatorial beta plane” approximation must be made. This approximation states that “f” is approximately equal to βy, where “y” is the distance from the equator and "β" is the variation of the coriolis parameter with latitude, formula_2. With the inclusion of this approximation, the governing equations become (neglecting friction):
These three equations can be separated and solved using solutions in the form of zonally-propagating waves, which are analogous to exponential solutions with a dependence on "x" and "t" and the inclusion of structure functions that vary in the "y"-direction:
Once the frequency relation is formulated in terms of ω, the angular frequency, the problem can be solved with 3 distinct solutions. These three solutions correspond to the equatorial gravity waves, the equatorially trapped Rossby waves and the mixed Rossby-gravity wave (which has some of the characteristics of the former two). Equatorial gravity waves can be either westward- or eastward-propagating.
Equatorial Kelvin waves.
Discovered by Lord Kelvin, coastal Kelvin waves are trapped close to coasts and propagate along coasts in the Northern Hemisphere such that the coast is to the right of the alongshore direction of propagation (and to the left in the Southern Hemisphere). Equatorial Kelvin waves behave somewhat as if there were a wall at the equator – so that the equator is to the right of the direction of along-equator propagation in the Northern Hemisphere and to the left of the direction of propagation in the Southern Hemisphere, both of which are consistent with eastward propagation along the equator. The governing equations for these equatorial waves are similar to those presented above, except that there is no meridional velocity component (that is, no flow in the north–south direction).
The solution to these equations yields the following phase speed: "c"2 = "gH"; this result is the same speed as for shallow-water gravity waves without the effect of Earth’s rotation. Therefore, these waves are non-dispersive (because the phase speed is not a function of the zonal wavenumber). Also, these Kelvin waves only propagate towards the east (because as "Φ" approaches zero, "y" approaches infinity).
Connection to El Nino Southern Oscillation.
Kelvin waves have been connected to El Nino (beginning in the Northern Hemisphere winter months) in recent years in terms of precursors to this atmospheric and oceanic phenomenon. Many scientists have utilized coupled atmosphere–ocean models to simulate an El Nino Southern Oscillation (ENSO) event and have stated that the Madden–Julian oscillation (MJO) can trigger oceanic Kelvin waves throughout its 30–60 day cycle or the latent heat of condensation can be released (from intense convection) resulting in Kelvin waves as well; this process can then signal the onset of an El Nino event. The weak low pressure in the Indian Ocean (due to the MJO) typically propagates eastward into the North Pacific Ocean and can produce easterly winds. These easterly winds can transfer West Pacific warm water toward the east, thereby exciting a Kelvin wave, which in this sense can be thought of as a warm-water anomaly that travels under the ocean’s surface at a depth of about 150 meters. This wave can be observed at the surface by a slight rise in sea surface height of about 8 cm (associated with a depression of the thermocline) and an SST increase that covers hundreds of square miles across the surface of the ocean.
If the Kelvin wave hits the South American coast (specifically Ecuador), its warm water gets transferred upward, which creates a large warm pool at the surface. That warm water also starts to flow southward along the coast of Peru and north towards Central America and Mexico, and may reach parts of Northern California; the wave can then be tracked primarily using an array of 70 buoys anchored along the entire width of equatorial Pacific Ocean, from Papua New Guinea to the Ecuador coast. Temperature sensors are placed at different depths along the buoys' anchor-lines and are then able to record sub-surface water temperature. The sensors send their data in real-time using a satellite to a central processing facility. These temperature measurements are then compared and contrasted to historically- and seasonally-adjusted average water temperatures for each buoy location. Some results indicate deviations from the 'normal' expected temperatures. Such deviations are referred to as anomalies and can be thought of as either warmer-than-normal (El Nino) or cooler-than-normal (La Nina) conditions.
The overall ENSO cycle can be explained as follows (in terms of the wave propagation throughout the Pacific Ocean): ENSO begins with a warm pool traveling from the western Pacific to the eastern Pacific in the form of Kelvin waves (the waves carry the warm SSTs) that resulted from the MJO. After approximately 3 to 4 months of propagation across the Pacific (along the equatorial region), the Kelvin waves reach the western coast of South America and interact (merge/mix) with the cooler Peru current system. This causes a rise in sea levels and sea level temperatures in the general region. Upon reaching the coast, the water turns to the north and south and results in El Nino conditions to the south. Because of the changes in sea-level and sea-temperature due to the Kelvin waves, an infinite number of Rossby waves are generated and move back over the Pacific. Rossby waves then enter the equation and, as previously stated, move at lower velocities than the Kelvin waves and can take anywhere from nine months to four years to fully cross the Pacific Ocean basin (from boundary to boundary). And because these waves are equatorial in nature, they decay rapidly as distance from the equator increases; thus, as they move away from the equator, their speed decreases as well, resulting in a wave delay. When the Rossby waves reach the western Pacific they ricochet off the coast and become Kelvin waves and then propagate back across the Pacific in the direction of the South America coast. Upon return, however, the waves decrease the sea-level (reducing the depression in the thermocline) and sea surface temperature, thereby returning the area to normal or sometimes La Nina conditions.
In terms of climate modeling and upon coupling the atmosphere and the ocean, an ENSO model typically contains the following dynamical equations:
Note that "h" is the depth of the fluid (similar to the equivalent depth and analoguous to "H" in the primitive equations listed above for Rossby-gravity and Kelvin waves), "KT" is temperature diffusion, "KE" is eddy diffusivity, and "τ" is the wind stress in either the "x" or "y" directions.

</doc>
<doc id="20281539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281539" title="SyncShield">
SyncShield

SyncShield is a Mobile device management (MDM) solution providing over-the-air (OTA) management of Smartphone security, applications and settings. SyncShield is a device manufacturer and application software manufacturer independent solution that supports Symbian, Windows Mobile, Windows Phone, iOS and Android devices.
SyncShield supports both Service Providers and operators that offer mobile device management for businesses as a managed (MSP) or hosted service (ASP). Also in-house servers are supported.
Overview.
SyncShield is a system for managing mobile devices remotely. It is based on the Open Mobile Alliance (OMA) Device Management (DM) standard. It is a client–server system and uses the SyncML protocol between the client and the server.
The managed component is installed on a mobile device, and after installation it requires no user interaction. The management software has a Web user interface.
Management system.
The management system is deployed as "software as a service" (SaaS) and supports multiple organisations and organisation levels through virtualisation. The system has a Web-based user interface.
Managed systems.
The managed mobile device requires no user interaction after installation of the SyncShield software. It can be installed on the following platforms:

</doc>
<doc id="20281560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281560" title="Loire-Atlantique's 3rd constituency">
Loire-Atlantique's 3rd constituency

The 3rd constituency of Loire-Atlantique is a French legislative constituency in the Loire-Atlantique "département".

</doc>
<doc id="20281566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281566" title="Berekum Chelsea F.C.">
Berekum Chelsea F.C.

Berekum Chelsea Football Club is a Ghanaian professional football club based in Berekum, Brong-Ahafo, previously known as Bechem Chelsea Football Club. They compete in the Ghanaian top-flight league called the Glo Premier League.
History.
The board of directors heeded the advice by the Ghana Football Association to use the name Berekum Chelsea rather than the Bechem Chelsea. The Club was later moved to Bechem, its name was changed to Bechem Chelsea in conformity with its home base.
Coffie, the club's Communications Director said that preparations were underway in developing a football park at Bechem to serve as the team’s home ground. 
The club's name and home kit are inspired by Chelsea F.C., the club played at Ohene Djan Sports Stadium for their first Glo Premier League match on 24 November 2008 and won the match with a 3-2 victory against Liberty Professionals. The club started the 2010–11 Ghanaian Premier League season very strong and then eventually went on to win the league.
Kit Sponsor.
The Ghanaian Premier League side, have struck a partnership deal with kit manufacturing firm, Puma AG.

</doc>
<doc id="20281570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281570" title="Netherlands fallacy">
Netherlands fallacy

The Netherlands fallacy refers to an error in assuming that the environmental impacts of the Netherlands and other rich nations are contained within their national borders.
Ecologists since the late 20th century have analyzed the ecological sink status and sink capacities of poor nations. As polluting industries migrate from rich to poor nations, the national ecological footprint of rich nations shrinks, whereas the international ecological footprint may increase or also decrease. The nature of the fallacy is to ignore increasing environmental damage in many developing nations and in international waters attributable to the imported goods or changes in the economy of such nations directly due to developed nations. 
Such an approach may lead to incorrect assertions such as the environmental impact of a particular developed country is reducing, when a holistic, international approach suggests the opposite. This may in turn support over-optimistic predictions toward the improvement of global environmental conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="20281599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281599" title="Brian and Tony Gold">
Brian and Tony Gold

Brian and Tony Gold (born Brian Thompson and Anthony Johnson) are a Jamaican dancehall duo, who teamed up in the mid-1980s to participate in Kingston talent shows. They were noted for having close and subtle harmonies. Their song "Compliments on Your Kiss", released under the name Red Dragon with Brian and Tony Gold, reached #2 in the UK Singles Chart in July 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20281621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281621" title="Van den Bergh reaction">
Van den Bergh reaction

Van den Bergh reaction is a chemical reaction used to measure bilirubin levels in blood. More specifically, it determines the amount of conjugated bilirubin in the blood. The reaction produces azobilirubin.
Principle: bilirubin reacts with diazotised sulphanilic acid to produce purple coloured azo bilirubin.

</doc>
<doc id="20281622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281622" title="Nia Glassie abuse case">
Nia Glassie abuse case

The Nia Glassie abuse case was a high-profile criminal investigation and subsequent murder trial concerning the abuse and death of a 3-year old girl in Rotorua, New Zealand.
Nia Marie Glassie was a 3 year-old Māori girl abused and eventually killed by her family. Her death caused major outrage in New Zealand resulting in numerous media reports and causing then Prime Minister Helen Clark to speak out about the case.
Abuse.
Nia was subject to extensive physical abuse for weeks, possibly even months, before being admitted to hospital and dying of brain injuries on 3 August 2007. The court concluded she had been kicked, beaten, slapped, jumped on, held over a burning fire, had wrestling moves copied from a computer game practiced on her, spit on, placed into a clothes dryer spinning at top heat for up to 30 minutes, folded into a sofa and sat on, shoved into piles of rubbish, dragged through a sandpit half-naked, flung against a wall, dropped from a height onto the floor, and whirled rapidly on an outdoor rotary clothes line until thrown off. 
At the time her mother, 34 year-old Lisa Michelle Kuka, told the hospital her injuries were the result of her falling off her partner's (then 17 year-old Wiremu Te Aroha Te Whanau Curtis) shoulders. It later emerged that her central North Island family, which was celebrating a 21st birthday, waited 36 hours after the toddler lapsed into a coma on the floor before taking her to the hospital. Even then Lisa continued to go out clubbing while her daughter lay dying in the hospital. During the trial, a doctor told the court that if the little girl had been taken to hospital as soon as she was unconscious, she would have likely survived.
Trial.
After a four week long trial ending in November 2008 Nia's mother, Lisa Kuka, 35, was found guilty of two counts of manslaughter: one for failing to obtain medical treatment for the toddler before her death in August last year, and one for failing to protect her. Lisa's partner Wiremu Curtis, 19, and his brother Michael, 22, were found guilty of murder and face sentences of life in prison. Nia's cousin Michael Pearson, 20, and Michael Curtis's partner Oriwa Kemp, 18, were found not guilty on manslaughter charges but were convicted of child cruelty. Presiding Judge Judith Potter openly wept as she delivered the sentences and after thanking equally affected shaken jurors for coping with the case went so far as to offer them counselling.
William Curtis, the father of the Curtis brothers, and the first cousin of Hollywood actor Cliff Curtis, also faces charges for the alleged abuse of Nia concerning an earlier alleged incident but as of November 2008 no trial date has been set for him.
Aftermath.
Nia's abuse became the subject of various campaigns against violence and cruelty to children in New Zealand. Prime Minister Helen Clark said she could not believe that a child could suffer like that without anybody knowing about it and encouraged New Zealanders to report child abuse. In fact many in the community blame the culture of "not wanting to nark" or inform the police of domestic violence matters as one of the prime contributors to Nia's death. For example, one of the prosecution witnesses Rawhiti Simiona, a neighbour to the house where Nia suffered, told New Zealand television he regretted not calling the police when he saw the toddler being swung on the clothes line.
A distinctive picture of Nia wearing white and yellow in a blue Disney themed car seat has been used to identify child-abuse related stories in the New Zealand media, with Nia literally become a poster-child.
In late 2011 Nia's father's sister Matakapua Glassie was shot and seriously wounded outside Tokoroa police station by her ex partner, who was later found dead.
In 2012 Michael Pearson was sentenced to 2 months jail for a number of charges, including breaching bail.

</doc>
<doc id="20281628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281628" title="Nils Brakchi">
Nils Brakchi

Nils Brakchi (born 22 November 1968) is a Danish painter and musician raised in the suburban town of Højby, Denmark. He is most widely known for his role as bass player in the Danish rock band Fielfraz.
Fielfraz was formed in suburban Højby in the early 1980s together with three school friends. The band quickly found a dedicated local audience and released their debut album Shine in 1990 to great critical acclaim. The album was followed by Electric Eel in 1992 and Slick 1997, the latter of which was also largely appreciated by critics but was a commercially a failure. The band has never officially broken up but ceased to function as a band around 2002.
In 2005 Brakchi refocused his career in music by recording and producing his own songs under the name MofoSteel. Compared to Fielfraz the style is playful and eclectic with catchy hooklines and an off-beat humor. Songtitles include "Green Banan" and "King of the Freeway Express". In recent years he has continued to gather around him a number of musicians from varying genres, performing live in smaller clubs and venues all over Copenhagen.
Brakchi has also worked as an artist and painter since 1998, having spent most of his life before then sketching as a hobby. Many of Brakchi's earlier works draw on inspiration from his extensive visits to Morocco, Southern France and the Caribbean. Most frequently, however, Brakchi prefers to create from memory. Seen as a whole his body of work expresses a desire to explore the limits of figurative painting. His works span from the small, simple and spontaneously executed sketches to large scale elaborate canvases. Brakchi continuously explores new materials and means of expression. His work has also adorned several record and magazine covers.
In search of a meaningful way to merge his two creative outlets, Brakchi also began experimenting with the medium of music video. His graphic approach to painting translates onto the screen in many different ways; from elaborately painted sets, costume designs and masks to the use of surrealistic landscapes and motifs. As with his painting and music, his work in video is difficult to classify by any one genre.
Brakchi currently lives in Østerbro, Copenhagen, with his girlfriend Louise and their son Viggo.

</doc>
<doc id="20281637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281637" title="Ted Needham">
Ted Needham

Edward "Ted" Needham (30 September 1872 – 26 October 1956) was an English-born Australian politician. Born in Lancashire, he was educated at Catholic schools before becoming a coal miner and shipyard worker. He migrated to Australia in 1900, becoming a boilermaker in Fremantle, Western Australia. He was a union and Labor Party official, and married a sister of future Prime Minister of Australia John Curtin. In 1904, he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Fremantle, serving until 1905. In 1906, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Western Australia. He was the only one of Western Australia's six Labor senators to remain loyal to the party after the 1916 split over conscription; he lost his seat in 1919 as a result. Re-elected in 1922, his second Senate term lasted until his defeat in 1928, taking effect in 1929. In 1933, he returned to the Legislative Assembly as the member for Perth, shifting to North Perth in 1950. He left the Assembly in 1953. Needham died in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20281638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281638" title="2008–09 Worthington's District Cup">
2008–09 Worthington's District Cup

The 2008–09 Worthington's District Cup is the national Rugby Union district cup competition of Wales. It is the 36th annual Welsh Districts cup. The current champions are Cambrian Welfare RFC (2 times 1996-97, 2007–08). This will be the last ever Welsh District Cup as the WRU plan to instate all remaining WDRU (Welsh Districts Rugby Union) clubs with full WRU membership.
2007-08 Final.
The 2007-08 Final took place at the Millennium Stadium, Cardiff on 12 April. The final was competed between Cambrian Welfare RFC and Bryncethin RFC (both teams from WRU Division 6 Central). The final score was 20 - 8 to Cambrian Welfare RFC who won the competition for the second time.

</doc>
<doc id="20281644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281644" title="Azobilirubin">
Azobilirubin

Azobilirubin is the red-violet compound formed by the condensation of diazotized sulfanilic acid with bilirubin in the van den Bergh reaction.

</doc>
<doc id="20281660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281660" title="John Young (merchant)">
John Young (merchant)

John Young (September 1, 1773 – October 6, 1837) was a Scottish-born merchant, author and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Sydney County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1824 to 1837.
He was born in Falkirk, the son of William Young, and studied theology at University of Glasgow but did not graduate. He entered business at Falkirk and then Glasgow. Young married Agnes Renny. In 1814, he came to Halifax with his wife and sons and set up in business as a dry goods merchant there. Believing that there was room for improvement in the state of agriculture in the province, Young wrote a number of letters to the "Acadian Recorder" under the name Agricola. This led to the creating of a provincial agricultural society in 1818. A Central Board of Agriculture was formed and Young became secretary and treasurer. Young ran unsuccessfully for the Halifax Township seat in the provincial assembly in 1823 before being elected for Sydney County in an 1824 by-election. He died in office in Halifax at the age of 64.
His sons William and George also served in the Nova Scotia assembly and his son Charles was colonial administrator for Prince Edward Island.
Nova Scotian artist William Valentine painted Young's portrait.

</doc>
<doc id="20281663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281663" title="Chathedom">
Chathedom

Chathedom is a village in Ernakulam district in Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20281664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281664" title="Wing (comics)">
Wing (comics)

Wing or Wings, in comics, may refer to:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20281667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281667" title="Jaljala">
Jaljala

Jajala may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20281681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281681" title="Riley Ingram">
Riley Ingram

Riley Edward Ingram (born October 1, 1941) is an American politician. Since 1992 he has served in the Virginia House of Delegates, representing the 62nd district east of Richmond, made up of parts of Chesterfield, Henrico and Prince George Counties and the city of Hopewell. He is a member of the Republican Party. 
Ingram was co-chair of the House committee on Counties, Cities and Towns 1998–2001 and has been chair since 2002. He has served on the committees on Appropriations (1998–), Counties, Cities and Towns (1992–), General Laws (1998–2001), Militia and Police (2000–2001), Mining and Mineral Resources (1992–1999), and Privileges and Elections (1992–).
Electoral history.
Ingram was elected to the Hopewell city council in 1986, and became mayor in 1988.
In 1989, he challenged 28-year Democratic incumbent C. Hardaway Marks in the 64th House district, but lost. He was re-elected to the Hopewell city council in 1990.
In the 1991 redistricting, the 62nd House district was moved northwards to include Hopewell. Ingram defeated another Democratic incumbent, R. Beasley Jones, for the House seat.

</doc>
<doc id="20281686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281686" title="Prudence Liew">
Prudence Liew

Prudence Liew Mei-Gwan (born 10 December 1964) is a multi-platinum selling Hong Kong pop singer and Golden Horse Award winning actress, having released 15 studio albums and appearing in numerous films.
Biography.
Career start.
Liew was born in Hong Kong. From the age of eight, she began appearing in television commercials. In 1986, while working as a film producer, Liew was approached to sing the theme song for a movie. The song, "Midnight Love" was on heavy rotation at major Hong Kong radio stations and she was quickly signed as the flagship artist to Current Records. In December 1986, she released her self-titled début album to rave reviews and high sales. The album sold over 500,000 copies and was certified 10x platinum by the Hong Kong IFPI. Liew still holds the record in Hong Kong for the most albums sold by a débuting local artist for that album. It also won two awards as Album of the Year from RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards and Jade Solid Gold Top 10 Awards in 1987. The lead single from the album, "The Last Night" is a cover of the Bad Boys Blue song "You're a Woman", and is considered Liew's signature song.
In addition to music, Liew has also appeared in films and television dramas as an actress. In 1988, she was nominated for a Hong Kong Film Awards Best Supporting Actress award in the movie "Law or Justice".
Between the period of 1986 and 1995, Liew has released 11 studio albums under Current Records, which was bought out by BMG Music in 1989 and later Columbia Records from 1992 to 1995.
Retreat.
In 1995, Liew decided to leave the Hong Kong music industry after the divorce from her director husband, Tai-Loi Wong (with whom she had 1 son and 1 daughter) and due to having problems with her vocal cords. She then relocated to San Francisco, USA with her children to find peace. During her time in the US, Liew found a love for yoga, which she practices regularly. She also met her second husband, whose name she will only disclose to the media as "Mr. Yan" for privacy reasons, while in San Francisco. Together they have a daughter. In an interview in September, 2008, Liew announced that she has separated from Mr. Yan.
"Love Yourself".
In 2000, with help from her longtime friend and fellow singer, Sandy Lam, Liew landed a record deal with Taiwan-based record company, Rock Records and released her first mandopop studio album entitled "Love Yourself". However, she returned to the US quickly after the first single, "Everytime, I Take it Very Seriously" was released, thus no other singles, nor follow-up albums were released afterwards in Taiwan. In the same year, Liew also appeared in the ATV series "Anything But Him", co-starring Amy Chan and Tanny Tien.
Return to Hong Kong.
In April 2008, Liew held a 2-night performance called "Opening the Sexual Boundaries Concert" at the Hong Kong Coliseum. Also, a compilation greatest hits album was released to accompany the concert. And after a 20-year hiatus from motion pictures, she took the lead part to the movie, "True Women For Sale", directed by Herman Yau. The film was the opener for the 2008 Hong Kong Asian Film Festival and her role as a drug-addicted prostitute won Liew the award for Best Leading Actress at the 2008 Golden Horse Awards, as well as a Best Actress nomination at the 28th Hong Kong Film Awards.
In 2009, Liew was announced as the host for season 1 of the TVB program, "The Voice", a reality-show type singing competition. On October 22, 2009, Liew released her first Cantonese studio album in 15 years, titled "The Queen of Hardships".
On December 30, 2009, it was announced that TVB was relieving Liew of her hosting duties from "The Voice", three episodes shy of the season finale due to the controversy between TVB and the HKRIA over song royalties. Liew, who is currently signed to Cinepoly Records under the Universal Music label governed by the HKRIA, was part of the group of Hong Kong singers all signed to HKRIA record labels that were banned from appearing on all TVB programming until the issue was resolved late 2011. In 2010, Liew spent most of the year in the United States.
In 2011, Liew returned to Hong Kong and released her second mandopop album, the cover album "Love Addict" in June. The album topped the charts for two weeks straight on Hong Kong HMV's Asian Album Chart upon its release. In November, she was invited to be a regular judge on season 4 of the Asia Television Limited talent program, "Asian Millionstar".
In 2012, Liew released another cover album, albeit in Cantonese this time, entitled "Stolen Moments" in July. She announced that a third cover album, in English, would be recorded and released in 2013.
External links.
! colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | Golden Horse Award

</doc>
<doc id="20281698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281698" title="Henry Newcome">
Henry Newcome

Henry Newcome (November 1627 – 17 September 1695) was an English nonconformist preacher and activist.
Life.
Henry Newcome was born at Caldicote, Huntingdonshire, the fourth son of Stephen Newcome, rector of Caldicote. He was baptised on
27 November 1627. His mother was Rose, daughter of Henry Williamson, B. D. (a native of Salford and the rector of Conington, Cambridgeshire) and granddaughter of Thomas Sparke, D. D., one of the puritan divines at the Hampton Court conference in 1604. Henry was orphaned in his teens; his parents were buried in the same coffin on 4 February 1642. He was educated by his eldest brother, Robert, who succeeded their father as rector of Caldicote. In May 1644 Henry was admitted to
St. John's College, Cambridge, but the civil war interrupted his studies, which were resumed on 10 May 1645. He graduated B.A. on 2 February 1648, and M.A. on 1 July 1651. On 24 September 1647, he became schoolmaster at Congleton, Cheshire, and soon began to preach. He was already married when, on 22 August 1648, he received presbyterian ordination at Sandbach, Cheshire. He was destined for Alvanley Chapel, in the parish of Frodsham, Cheshire; but in October 1648 he received a unanimous call to the perpetual curacy of St Luke's Church, Goostrey, Cheshire, through the interest of his wife's cousin, Henry Manwaring of Kermincham, in whose house he subsequently lived. He began his duties at Goostrey on 23 November 1648, but Manwaring's interest soon obtained for him the rectory of Gawsworth, Cheshire, to which he moved on 8 April 1650. He visited Manchester for the first time on 19 September 1651, and found some of his mother's relatives. On 25 December he subscribed the engagement of fidelity to the existing government, much against the grain, for he was always a royalist. He had already taken the Solemn League and Covenant. He was closely associated with the religious work of John Machin. In October 1653 he joined Adam Martindale in the establishment of a clerical union for Cheshire on the model of Richard Baxter's Worcestershire agreement. 
On the death of Richard Hollinworth, Newcome was elected (5 December 1656) 
one of the preachers at the collegiate church of Manchester. After much hesitation he settled in Manchester on 23 April 1657. His ministry was exceedingly popular. He became a member of the first presbyterian classis of Lancashire, attending for the first time on 12 May 1657. He sat as delegate in the Lancashire provincial assembly in 1658 and 1659. His presbyterianism was not of a severe type; and he entered warmly into the abortive proposals for an accommodation with independents formulated at Manchester on 13 July 1659. 
Newcome was deeply involved in the preparations for a royalist rising (5 August 1659) 
under George Booth, 1st Baron Delamer. After the rout at Nantwich (29 Aug.), Robert Lilburne
put Henry Root the independent into Newcome's pulpit (25 Aug.), 
and he expected to be deposed, but his ministrations were only interrupted for one Sunday.
As early as 6 May 1660 he publicly prayed for the king "by periphrasis." He 
conducted a religious service as preliminary to the proclamation of the king at Manchester
on Saturday, 12 May. His thanksgiving sermon (24 May) produced a great impression.
It was published with the title "Usurpation Defeated and David Restored".
The Restoration was fatal to his preferment. The constitution (1635) of Manchester 
collegiate church, which had been subverted in 1645, was restored, and three new fellows 
were installed (17 Sept. 1660). Great efforts were made to retain Newcome. A petition 
from 444 parishioners was backed by a testimonial signed among others by Sir George 
Booth and Henry Bridgeman. On 21 Sept. Charles II added his name to the 
list from which fellows were to be chosen, but it was too late. The new fellows all 
had other preferments, so Newcome continued to preach as their deputy; his last 
sermon in the collegiate church was on 31 Aug. 1662, the Sunday after the coming 
into force of the Uniformity Act. Suggestions were made that he should receive episcopal ordination privately, but this was a point on which he would not give way. 
He remained in Manchester till the Five Mile Act came into force (25 March 1666), 
and then removed to Ellenbrook, in Worsley parish, Lancashire. At this time he 
travelled about a good deal, making three visits to London. In June 1670 he visited 
Dublin, and received a call (25 July) to succeed Edward Baynes at Wine Tavern Street 
meeting house, which he declined. On 15 Oct. 1670 he returned to Manchester, 
preached in private houses, and was fined for so doing. He took out a licence (21 April) 
under the indulgence of 1672, and preached publicly, first in his own house, and then in 
a licensed barn (at Cold House, near Shudehill) after evening church hours. These services
were interrupted in 1674 and discontinued in 1676, but he remained in Manchester,
performing such private ministrations as he could. In February 1677 he was offered 
a chaplaincy to the widowed Countess of Donegall; he stayed five weeks at her house 
in London, but declined the situation. On the appearance (4 April 1687) of James's 
declaration for liberty of conscience, he preached publicly, first in a vacant house, 
then (from 12 June) in Thomas Stockton's barn, which was speedily enlarged, and opened 
(31 July) for worship "in the public time." He took his turn monthly at Hilton's lecture
at Bolton, Lancashire. On 7 Aug. John Chorlton was engaged as his assistant. 
A number of nonconformist ministers waited for James II at Rowton Heath on 27 Aug.; 
Newcome as senior was expected to address the king; he put it off on Thomas Jollie, but James 
gave no opportunity for any address. The windows of the barn meeting-house were 
broken (30 Nov.) by Sir John Bland. In April 1693 a new meeting-house was projected;
Newcome was doubtful of the success of the scheme. Ground was bought on 20 June
at Plungen's Meadow (now Cross Street); the building was begun on 18 July, a gallery
was added as a private speculation by agreement dated 12 Feb. 1694, and the meeting-house
was opened by Newcome on 24 June 1694. It was wrecked by a Jacobite mob 
in June 1715. It was rebuilt and enlarged, eventually becoming the Cross Street Chapel. Much of the original structure remained until it was destroyed in a World War II air raid.
By this time Newcome had abandoned his presbyterianism, and entered into a ministerial
alliance on the basis of the London union of 1690,
dropping the terms "presbyterian" and "congregational".
A union of this kind was projected in Lancashire in 1692. Newcome was 
moderator of "a general meeting of ministers of the United Bretheren" at Bolton, Lancashire,
on 3 April 1693. He was appointed with Thomas Jollie on 4 Sept, 1694 "to 
manage the correspondence" for the county. This was his last public work; he preached 
only occasionally at his new chapel, delivering his last sermon there on 13 June 1695. 
He died at Manchester on 17 Sept. 1695, and was buried (20 Sept.) near the pulpit in 
his chapel, Chorlton preaching the funeral sermon. His inscribed tombstone is in the floor 
of the east aisle. His portrait, finished 15 Sept, 1658 by "Mr. Cunney," was engraved by R. 
White, and again by John Bull (1825); Baker has a poor woodcut from it, The original is at 
the Lancashire Independent College, Whalley Range, near Manchester.
Family.
He married, on 6 July 1648, Elizabeth (1626–1700), daughter of Peter Manwaring ("d". 24 Nov. 1654) of Smallwood, Cheshire, by whom he had five children:
Henry Newcome (son).
Newcome's eldest son, Henry (1650–1713), was born at Gawsworth rectory on 28 May 1650. He was admitted at St. 
Edmund Hall, Oxford, on 23 March 1667, became curate at Shelsley, Worcestershire, 
in January 1672: rector of Tattenhall, Cheshire, 29 July 1675; and rector of Middleton, 
Lancashire, towards the end of 1701. He died in June 1713. He married in April
1677, and had a son Henry and three daughters. He published single sermons, 1689-1712.
Peter Newcome.
Newcome's third son, Peter (1656–1738), was born at Gawsworth rectory on 5 November 1656. He was admitted at Magdalene College, Cambridge, in 1673, moved to St. Edmund Hall, Oxford, in April 1675, and moved the same year to Brasenose College, Oxford, and graduated M.A. in June 1680. He became curate at Crookham, Hampshire, in March 1680; vicar of Aldenham,Hertfordshire, in September 1683; and vicar of Hackney, Middlesex, in September 1703. He died on 5 October 1738. He married (1681) Ann, daughter of Eustace Hook, and had twelve children, of whom six survived him. He published "A Catechetical Course of Sermons" in 1702, 2 vols., and single sermons (1705–37). His portrait was engraved by George Vertue.
Works.
Newcome's most important work is his "Diary" (begun 10 July 1646), of which a portion (30 Sept. 1661-29 Sept. 1663) was edited (1849) by Thomas Heywood for the Chetham Society. His "Autobiography", an abstract of the "Diary", to 3 September 1695, was edited (1852, 2 vols.) for the same society by Richard Parkinson, with a family memoir (written 1846) by Thomas Newcome. It has none of the graphic power of the contemporary "Life" of Adam Martindale, and is very introspective, but gives a clear picture of the writer in his much-tried sensitiveness and his unascetic puritanism. Newcome was no stranger to the shuttle-board or the billiard table; though he never drank healths he drank wine, and had a weakness for tobacco. As a contributor to the local history of his time he is in one respect more usefulthan Martindale; he very rarely conceals names.

</doc>
<doc id="20281726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281726" title="Romeo Anaya">
Romeo Anaya

Romeo Anaya (born 5 April 1946, in Cahuare, Chiapas, Mexico) is a Mexican boxer in the Super Bantamweight division. He is the former WBA World Bantamweight Champion.
Pro career.
On 3 November 1973, Arnold Taylor met WBA World Bantamweight Champion Anaya in a match refereed by Stanley Christodoulou in Johannesburg in South Africa. The 14 round fight is considered by many to be one of boxing's classic fights. One South African sportswriter called it "the bloodiest fight in South African boxing history". Taylor suffered a cut and was knocked down once in round five and three times in round eight (the WBA has since adopted a rule where a fighter is automatically declared a knockout loser if he or she is knocked down three times in the same round). Nevertheless, Taylor also cut the champion, and, in round fourteen, he connected with a right hand to Anaya's jaw, sending him to the floor. Feeling that this was his moment to become a world champion, Taylor screamed to his trainers: "He's gone!" from a neutral corner. It took Anaya two minutes to get up, and Taylor won the WBA world Bantamweight title.
Retirement.
During his boxing career, which ran from 1967 to 1980, Anaya held the WBA Bantamweight Championship of the World in 1973 and the Bantamweight Championship of Mexico in 1971. His boxing record was won 46 (KO 38) and lost 19 (KO 14) and drew 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20281734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281734" title="Best railway station">
Best railway station

Best is a railway station located in Best, Netherlands.
The station is located on the Breda–Eindhoven railway between Tilburg and Eindhoven. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen. The station is located in a tunnel and has four platforms, although only three are currently in use.
History.
The station was opened on 1 July 1866. It closed on 15 May 1938 and re-opened on 10 June 1940. There have been several different station buildings over the years. The most recent building was finished in 2000, as part of the construction of two extra tracks between Eindhoven and Boxtel, bringing the total to four.
Destinations.
The following major destinations are possible from Best:
Eindhoven, Helmond, Deurne, Tilburg and 's-Hertogenbosch. For Utrecht, and Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, travellers need to change trains at 's-Hertogenbosch.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Best:

</doc>
<doc id="20281736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281736" title="JN-International Medical Corporation">
JN-International Medical Corporation

JN-International Medical Corporation is a U.S. based biopharmaceutical corporation which since 1998 has been focused on developing vaccines and diagnostics for infectious disease for developing countries. This private corporation (formerly known as Jeeri Neotech International, Inc) was founded in 1998 by Dr. Jeeri R. Reddy with the help of Dr. Kelly F. Lechtenberg in a small rural town, Oakland, Nebraska. From there it grew and expanded until in the year 2000 the corporation moved to Omaha, Nebraska. JN-International Medical Corporation (JNIMC) has overseas business offices and clinical trial centers located in Abidjan, Ivory Coast in Africa and in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, with vaccine cold chain facilities in Burkina Faso and Singapore. JNI partners with Global Health Organizations such as the Clinton Global Initiative, the Global Business Coalition, New York President's Malaria Initiative and PEPFAR. JNI also partners with several other non-profit global health organizations, NGOs, local governments and communities in developing countries to address the health issues related to HIV AIDS Malaria Tuberculosis and Bacterial Meningitis that scourges the underserved communities in West Africa, South East Asia and Latin America.
History.
Early in its existence JNIMC developed rapid and western blot diagnostic test kits for Malaria TB and HIV. JNI was the first company to screen about 2 million pregnant women for the presence of HIV in South East Asia from 1999 – 2002. This resulted in many HIV-free births because the hospitals were able to treat the HIV positive pregnant women with Antiretroviral drugs. A rapid Tuberculosis test was developed by the company and demonstrated its diagnostic potential by screening 400 TB positive and negative serum samples from various hospitals in India. The results showed that the combination of Mycobacterium tuberculosis antigens improved the diagnostic specificity and sensitivity of the tests. The diagnostic products of the company have been used in more than 30 countries for screening infectious diseases. Early in 2003 the U.S. invented diagnostic technology was acquired by China and India. Within one Year the U.S. production costs became too high to effectively market U.S. made diagnostics so JNI began concentrating on its vaccine division.
Vaccine development.
Meningococcal meningitis disease, also referred to as cerebrospinal meningitis is a contagious bacterial disease caused by Neisseria meningitidis bacteria. Meningococcal infections occur worldwide and are the only bacterial agents associated with epidemic meningitis in the meningitis belt of sub-Saharan Africa. With the culmination of several years of research, JN-International developed its vaccine for Meningococcal meningitis serogroups A, C, Y and W-135 (NmVac4-A/C/Y/W-135). The efficacy of the vaccine was tested in sub-Saharan Africa (Niger and Burkina Faso) using 750 people for a period of 56 months. Protective sero-conversion successfully occurred and was tested and recorded in vaccinated individuals during a spontaneous disease outbreak. However, it is well known that this type of vaccine gives disease protection for no more than 18 months. To better serve the market the company worked on and developed a Meningococcal meningitis serogroups A, C, Y and W-135 Diphtheria toxoid conjugate vaccine (NmVac4-A/C/Y/W-135 - DT), by using a genetically detoxified Diphtheria Toxoid as the protein carrier. This method has been shown to provide a minimum of 3 years protection. JNI’s conjugate meningococcal vaccine was tested in the Ivory Coast using 100 sero-negative male and female children and adults. Protective sero-conversion was recorded in 98% of the individuals as tested and recorded by the Pasteur Institute Côte d'Ivoire. JN-International is presently working to produce these vaccines in the United States. Production with regulatory approval for U.S. export is in process and will probably take a few years. 
The research and development division of JN-International is in various stages for the development of vaccines for the prevention and cure of Hepatitis C Herpes Tuberculosis and a preventive and therapeutic vaccine for stroke.
Vaccine facilities.
JNIMC facility was designed for manufacture, research and development of human vaccines in compliance with FDA compliant cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practices) and European Union Good Manufacturing Practice standards. The facility has fermentation, formulation, vial, freeze drying bacterial facilities classified as Biosafety Level 2 (CDC-NIH BL2-LS) and ISO 9001. The facility includes both the upstream and downstream operations when the fermentation process is scaled up for bacterial polysaccharide product development. The facilities were designed for manufacture of vaccines in compliance with cGMP and European standards. The facility has fermentation, formulations and lyophilization and handling of bacterial polysaccharide products. Utilities include Water-For-Injection Grade Water (WFI) system, oil-free compressed air system (USP), clean steam system, process chilled system and Clean-in-Place systems. Processes include; seed bank, media preparation, fermentation, cell harvest, centrifugation and purification including ultra filtration. The facility operates with SCADA (supervisory control and data acquisition) generally refers to industrial control systems (ICS). JNIMC's cGMP vaccine facility spans 82,000 ft² and will include a 20,000 ft² fully automated unit. The facility has a targeted production of 60 million doses of vaccine annually. 
Acquisition.
In January 2009, JNIMC acquires Biocor vaccine manufacture facilities, a subsidiary of Pfizer Inc in Omaha. The state-of-the-art facilities consist of three buildings approximately 80,000 sq. ft., and were designed for manufacture of vaccines in compliance with European Community, U.S. Food and Drug Administration and U.S. Department of Agriculture standards. JN-International shall keep the Starwood containment facility for research and development of vaccines for clinical studies and moves its vaccine operations to the newly acquired Maple street facilities in February 2009. The added capacity of the plant will allow increased production of the firm's meningitis vaccine. The investment in the new facility plant is the largest capital investment in Omaha to date for the company, and will result in production, formulation, filling and packaging capacity facilities, which are intended to help significantly reduce time to market for the firm's Meningococcal meningitis serotypes A, C, Y & W-135 vaccine production capacity to meet the demand of sub-Saharan Africa.
Products.
The following is a list of key Vaccine products. The names shown are all registered trademarks of JN International.
The following is a list of key Diagnostic products. The names shown are all registered trademarks of JN International.
Patents & Publications.
JNI patents and publishes Journal articles of its research and technologies in the field of human Infectious Diseases and Neurological Disorders

</doc>
<doc id="20281739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281739" title="Makalu (disambiguation)">
Makalu (disambiguation)

Makalu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20281750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281750" title="Cyma Zarghami">
Cyma Zarghami

Cyma Zarghami (Persian: سیما ضرغامی; born ca. 1961/1962) is an Iranian-American cable television executive currently serving as the president of Nickelodeon and MTV Networks' Kids & Family Group.
Early life and career.
Zarghami was born in Abadan, Iran to an Iranian father, Gholam, and a Scottish mother, Catherine. The family later moved to Canada and finally to Englewood, New Jersey, where she graduated in the class of 1980 from the Dwight-Englewood School, and has been a recipient of the school's Distinguished Alumni Award. At Dwight-Englewood, she "played a lot of sports, Lacrosse mostly." 
In 1980, Zarghami entered The University of Vermont in Burlington, Vermont as an elementary education major, but later changed her major to English. She ultimately did not complete her degree, but was later awarded an honorary diploma by the University of Vermont College of Education and Social Services in 2000.
Zarghami traveled in Europe after leaving college, then returned to Burlington to work for Business Digest.
Nickelodeon.
Zarghami joined Nickelodeon as a scheduling clerk in 1985. She moved up through the programming department and became the channel's general manager in 1996, overseeing programming, scheduling, acquisitions, marketing and day-to-day management of the network. Zarghami was promoted to general manager and executive vice-president in 1997.
In 2004, the position of president of Nickelodeon Television was created for Zarghami, where she oversaw production and development for the network, along with marketing, programming and creativity.
After the resignation of Herb Scannell on January 5, 2006, Zarghami became president of the newly formed Kids & Family Group, which includes Nickelodeon, Nick@Nite, Nickelodeon Movies, Nick Jr., TeenNick, and Nicktoons.
Zarghami was named Women in Cable Telecommunications' Woman of the Year for 2006.
Personal life.
Zarghami lives in New York City with husband George Obergfoll, a stage manager, and three sons Liam, Wyatt and Ethan. She formerly served on the board of the Children's Museum of Manhattan.
Zarghami donated the maximum of $2,300 to Hillary Clinton's campaign for President in 2007. She had previously contributed to John Kerry's campaign in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20281773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281773" title="Sarif">
Sarif

Sarif may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20281816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281816" title="Gardening Mama">
Gardening Mama

Gardening Mama (ガーデニングママ "Gādeningumama") is a gardening simulation-styled minigame compilation video game for the Nintendo DS and iOS. It is a spin-off from the "Cooking Mama" series.
The gameplay is similar to that of "Cooking Mama", with players using the stylus to plant bulbs, dig trenches and water plants. Players can also make items such as jack-o-lanterns and jams from their fruits and vegetables, and players can trade their produce with others.
Gameplay.
"Let's Get Growing!".
"Let's Get Growing" is the main game mode where the player grows a variety of plants in a garden, ranging between flowers, fruits, and vegetable. Players initially start with only a few flowers, but are able to unlock more plants and garden areas after finishing complete flower cycles (from planting the seed to when the flower blooms). Like previous Mama games, for a plant to grow the player needs to complete a series of mini games; however instead of playing each stage consecutively, only one stage can be played at time. The next stage becomes available once the player completes another stage for a different plant, or the next time the player turns on their handheld device. 
After completing a stage, the player's performance is evaluated with a numerical score out of 100, and awarded either a bronze, silver, or gold medal. After completing a full plant cycle the player's overall performance is evaluated, and given an averaged score out of 100 and a corresponding medal. 
There are many different mini-games available, for example: planting seeds/saplings; watering plants; cutting off or removing weak/dead parts of plants; shooing away pests and rodents; harvesting produce; and making rainbows using a watering hose. 
Players also have a "practice" option.
Multiplayer.
In the "Let's Play Together" mode, Gardening Mama supports wireless multiplayer, along with "Download Play". During such a contest, players compete in individual minigames. Players can also exchange produce they have grown with the "Cute Treasure Chest" function.
Bonus sections.
If a player completes a stage under a certain time they receive a "bonus sapling". For every three bonuses earned players receive an unlockable item, such as accessories for Mama, decorative gardening items, or extra items that can be used in the game. 
There are two bonus sections: "Decorate the Garden!" and "Make it Fancy!"
In "Decorate the Garden", players can add decorative items they have unlocked to their garden, such as small flower pots and garden gnomes. The "Spruce Up Your Screen" menu can also be opened from here to change the appearance of various gardening tools and background items. 
In "Make it Fancy", players can use unlocked clothing items to customize Mama's appearance. Various accessories, like glasses and earrings, can be added; Mama's clothing can also be changed.
Special fertilizers can also be unlocked via the bonus saplings, which allow growing unique plants that can be grown in an area called "Special Garden".
Friends.
Most of the friends you can garden with are from "", except for a new character named Jacob.
Reception.
"Gardening Mama" received a mixed reception, Game Rankings assign a 62.13% of positive reviews. Main complains were about the controls. 1UP.com called the controls "frustrating" and IGN said "the controls are too simple to be engaging and the lack of tutorial in many challenges renders them unplayable", but GameSpot mainly complained about the lack of action in the game, saying that "the action is quite shallow".
Main praise for the game was different by each reviewer. GameSpot praised variety of plants and fruits. IGN praised the graphics, by saying "Adorable 2D images. Simple, but it works." and 1UP praised the minigames and the fun.

</doc>
<doc id="20281853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281853" title="Stehekin School">
Stehekin School

The Stehekin School is a log structure built in 1921 as a school for the community of Stehekin, Washington. The property includes two outhouses and a separate kindergarten cabin. The school was used from 1921 to 1988, when a new school was built.
Stehekin School was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20281856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281856" title="River Clydach">
River Clydach

River Clydach may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20281864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281864" title="The Anson Record">
The Anson Record

The Anson Record is a newspaper based in Wadesboro, North Carolina covering Anson County.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="20281880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281880" title="Surya Shekhar Ganguly">
Surya Shekhar Ganguly

Surya Shekhar Ganguly (; born February 24, 1983) is an Indian chess Grandmaster and a chess prodigy from Kolkata. He started playing chess at the age of 5 and achieved great successes at National Junior and World Junior Championships since the age of 8. He also set a record of being the youngest player to beat a Grandmaster at 11. 
Ganguly became an International Master at 16 and a Grandmaster at 19. He has won a host of national and international tournaments including the Indian National Championship for a record six consecutive times from 2003–2008 and the Asian Championship in 2009. He was awarded the Arjuna Award in 2005 by the Government of India for his outstanding achievement in sports. He also got the "Shera Bangali" award in 2009 as the best Sportsperson of Bengal and the "Khel Samman" award in 2013 from the Government of West Bengal. He worked in the team of seconds that assisted Anand in winning the World title matches against Vladimir Kramnik, Topalov and Gelfand in 2008, 2010 and 2012 respectively.
Personal life.
He was born to Pankaj Ganguly and Aarti Ganguly on 24 February 1983. He has an elder sister who is a doctor by profession. He is working as Deputy Manager at the Indian Oil Corporation. He got married to his childhood sweetheart Sudeshna on February 7, 2011.
Early career.
Ganguly's grand father, the late Anil Basumallick, taught him chess at the age of 5. Soon he become very popular in chess circles of Kolkata as he was the youngest player in most tournaments taking place during those days and also won prizes. In 1991, at the age of 8, he won both the Indian National U-10 and U-12 Championships. He won these Championships again in 1992 and 1995.
The following are his achievements in the World Youth Chess Championship in his age categories:
In 1995, at the age of 11, he beat a Grandmaster, the youngest player ever to do so until that time.
Notable achievements.
Ganguly has played in many individual and team tournaments, both national and international. He achieved his IM (International Master) title at Goodricke International, Kolkata 2000 and the GM (Grand Master) title at the 35th Chess Olympiad, Bled 2002. Some of his notable achievements are given here.
National events.
In addition to the National U10 and U12 championships mentioned above, Ganguly's achievements in other national events are as under.
Team Anand.
Ganguly has been a member of the team of seconds that helped Anand win his World title matches against Kramnik, Topalov and Gelfand in 2008, 2010 and 2012 respectively. Other members of the team were GM Peter Heine Nielsen, GM Radosław Wojtaszek and the former FIDE World Champion GM Rustam Kasimdzhanov. 
Anand has praised Ganguly for being very effective as a team member. About Ganguly, he says, "He is a very good chess player and analyst who works really hard. We (have worked) together for six-seven years and will work together for a long time. Why change formula when it's working."
Sample game.
While Ganguly is a fine positional player, he also relishes complicated positions. The following game is taken from the World Team Chess Championship 2011. Here Ganguly (white) plays Peter Svidler of Russia in the final round. Shortly thereafter, Svidler went on to win the Russian Chess Championship a record sixth time and then the Chess World Cup 2011.
This game was selected the fifth best in Chess Informant 113, with a jury member giving it a score of 10/10. [http://www.chessbase.com/newsdetail.asp?newsid=8028]
1. e4 g6 Totally unexpected from Svidler but Russia was in a must win
situation! 2. d4 Bg7 3. Nc3 d6 4. Be3 a6 5. Qd2 Nd7 6. O-O-O b5 7. h4 h6 8. f4! h5 9. Nf3 Bb7 10. Ng5 Nh6 11. e5 Nb6 12. Bd3 Qc8 13. Rhf1 Nd5 Black wants
to have his bishop on d5 and does not wish to play e6 at all. 14. Nce4! O-O? 15. f5! Nxf5 16. Rxf5 gxf5 17. Ng3 Nxe3 18. Qxe3 f4 19. Bh7+!!
Apparently, Svidler missed this move and that may be the reason he allowed
Ganguly to play 15.f5. Without this combination black is doing fine here. Kh8
20. Qd3 dxe5 21. dxe5 f6 22. Bg8! f5 23. Be6 Qe8 24. Bxf5! 1-0

</doc>
<doc id="20281915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281915" title="Functional Engineered Nano Architectonics">
Functional Engineered Nano Architectonics

The Center on Functional Engineered Nano Architectonics is a research institute founded in 2003 and headquartered at the UCLA Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science in Los Angeles, California, USA. The FENA Center networks multiple universities with Industry (members of the Semiconductor Industry Association consortium FCRP) and government based sponsors including the Department of Defense in pursuit of new nano engineered functional materials and devices, and novel structural and computational architectures. FENA's research is focused on developing new information processing systems beyond the limits of conventional CMOS technology. Sponsors include:
•Focus Centers Research Program website 
Semiconductor Industry Association Companies
•Advanced Micro Devices 
•IBM
•Intel Corporation 
•LSI Corporation
•Micron Technology
•Freescale Semiconductor
•Texas Instruments
•Xilinx
Semiconductor Suppliers
•Applied Materials
•Cadence Design Systems
•Novellus Systems
Government Participants
•DARPA
•DUSD for Science & Technology
•SPAWAR Systems Center
FENA is one of five research centers within the Focus Center Research Program (FCRP). Dr. Kang L. Wang serves as Director of the Center. Current FENA university participants include four University of California campuses (Los Angeles, Santa Barbara, Riverside, Davis) and University of Southern California, California Institute of Technology, University of Minnesota, New York University, North Carolina State University, State University of New York at Stony Brook, Stanford University, University of Massachusetts, Columbia University, Portland State University, University of Wisconsin, Carnegie Mellon University, and Northwestern University. 
FCRP's goal is to expand pre-competitive, cooperative, long-range applied microelectronics research at US universities, and develop a radical, yet practical, new device that continues scaling of semiconductors beyond the predominantly silicon content found in chips that power today's computers and electronics. FCRP is a subsidiary of the Semiconductor Research Corporation.
External links.
•Functional Engineered Nano Architectonics website
•Focus Center Research Program website
•Nanotechnology Research is Wave of the Future article

</doc>
<doc id="20281920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281920" title="Çilov-Neft Daşları">
Çilov-Neft Daşları

Çilov-Neft Daşları (also, Cilov-Neft Daşları) is a municipality in the Khazar raion of Baku, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,797. The municipality consists of an island with the three villages of Çilov and Neft Daşları, and Jiloy. 

</doc>
<doc id="20281959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281959" title="Gürgən-Pirallahı">
Gürgən-Pirallahı

Gürgən-Pirallahı is a village and municipality in the Əzizbəyov raion of Baku, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 14,060. The municipality consists of the villages of Gürgən and Pirallahı.

</doc>
<doc id="20281963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281963" title="Henry Ernest Gascoyne Bulwer">
Henry Ernest Gascoyne Bulwer

Sir Henry Ernest Gascoyne Bulwer, GCMG (11 December 1836 – 30 September 1914), the nephew of Sir Henry Lytton Bulwer, was a British colonial administrator and diplomat.
Bulwer was educated at Charterhouse School and Trinity College, Cambridge. Administrative and diplomatic posts held include:
Bulwer was appointed to the Order of St Michael and St George, as Companion in 1864, Knight Commander in 1874, and as Knight Grand Cross in 1883. While Governor of Labuan he presented the type specimen of Bulwer's Pheasant ("Lophura bulweri") to the British Museum, a bird consequently named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20281975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281975" title="Carl Giordana">
Carl Giordana

Carl F. Giordana (October 26, 1922 - January 5, 2003) gained recognition as a remarkable athlete and activist in his community.
Biography.
Giordana was born and raised in Kaukauna, Wisconsin where he attended Kaukauna High School and was most notably remembered for playing American football and basketball for the Galloping Ghosts. 
He attended Lawrence University where he gained substantial recognition for being an outstanding athlete. He helped lead the Vikings football team to two Midwest Conference Championships attaining two All-Midwest Conference Championship honors along the way. He played a vital role in helping the Vikings win two conference titles in 1942 and 1946. 
His athletic career came to an early end after he injured his knee in practice during the preseason of 1947. 
Giordana also excelled as a guard in basketball and assisted the Vikings in the 1942-1943 season to become Conference champions.
Giordana left Lawrence University and joined the Army Air Corps during the Second World War, returning to play football at Lawrence in 1946. 
Upon graduation, Giordana was employed by Thilmany Paper in Kaukauna for 40 years as supervisor of production planning.
Giordana spent a majority of his time volunteering at Kaukauna's Holy Cross elementary school, scheduling gym activities, and even playing a large role in setting up a very successful annual Holy Cross Men's Basketball Tournament. In 1994, Holy Cross honored Giordana for his 40 years of dedication to the school by renaming the gym the Carl F. Giordana gymnasium. In addition to his contributions at Holy Cross, Giordana was a referee and umpire with the Kaukauna Recreation Department for over 55 years. 
Giordana was inducted into the Lawrence Intercollegiate Athletic Hall of Fame in 2000.
He is also in the Athletic Hall of Fame at Kaukauna High School.

</doc>
<doc id="20281984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281984" title="Sahil, Azerbaijan">
Sahil, Azerbaijan

Sahil is a village and municipality in the Qaradağ raion of Baku, Azerbaijan. It had a population of 8,100 in 1974 and currently has a population of 23,900.

</doc>
<doc id="20281987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281987" title="Tom Mount">
Tom Mount

Tom Mount is a pioneering technical diver and cave diver. In 1991 Tom Mount joined Dick Rutkowski in the new organisation formed by Rutkowski, IANTD, dedicated to teaching Nitrox to recreational divers. In 1992 Mount was named President and Chief Executive Office of IANTD, a position that he held until 2005. Mount was also one of the pioneers in relation to diver training and development of dive tables in relation to the use of trimix as a breathing gas for diving. At the time, and for many years subsequently, IANTD was the only technical diver training organization in the world. Mount remains a member of the board of directors of the IANTD.
Mount has published a number of technical diving texts, including the "Technical Diver Encyclopedia", "Exploration and Mixed Gas Diving Encyclopedia" and "Tek Closed Circuit Rebreather". 
He was also a founding member of the National Association for Cave Diving, the first cave diver training organization in the United States. Mount's contribution to recreation scuba diving was acknowledged with a SSI Platinum Pro 5000 Diver in 1993 and a NOGI award for 'Sports/Education' in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20281995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281995" title="Müşviqabad">
Müşviqabad

Müşviqabad is a village and municipality in the Qaradağ raion of Baku, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 8,011. 

</doc>
<doc id="20281997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20281997" title="Sitalpati">
Sitalpati

Sitalpati may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20282000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282000" title="Music for Miners">
Music for Miners

Music for Miners (MFM) was a collective of UK writers, artists and filmmakers (including several independent television producers associated with RPM Productions and Channel 4) who attempted to engage young people with politics during the UK Miner's Strike of 1984-1985. Members of the collective included the television producer Don Coutts and the writer and artist Ian McKay. Music for Miners organised several events to raise funds and support striking miners, the most notable of which was the MFM event held at the Royal Festival Hall in London on May 14, 1984. The English rock group New Order headlined the event with John Cooper Clarke supporting. Music for Miners was disbanded soon after the end of the strike in March 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20282030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282030" title="Blerick railway station">
Blerick railway station

Blerick is a railway station located in Blerick, Netherlands. The station was opened in 1868 and is located on the Venlo–Eindhoven railway and the Nijmegen–Venlo railway. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen and Veolia. The station has four platforms.
Destinations.
The following major destinations are possible from Blerick:
Venlo, Roermond, Nijmegen, Deurne, Cuijk, 
Helmond, Eindhoven, Tilburg, Breda, Dordrecht, Rotterdam, Delft and Den Haag.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Blerick:

</doc>
<doc id="20282078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282078" title="Walter Kingsmill">
Walter Kingsmill

Sir Walter Kingsmill (10 April 1864 – 15 January 1935) was an Australian politician and footballer.
Born in Glenelg, South Australia, he was educated at St Peter's College in Adelaide and at the University of Adelaide before becoming a geologist. Moving to Western Australia in 1888, he became a mine manager. While in Perth, he represented the Victorians Football Club (later West Perth) in two matches in the West Australian Football League during the 1888 season. In 1897, he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly as the member for Pilbara. He moved to the Legislative Council in 1903. He served as Minister for Public Works in 1901, Commissioner for Railways 1901-1902, Colonial Secretary 1902-1904 and 1905-1906, and Minister for Education 1902-1904 and 1905-1906. He was President of the Legislative Council 1919-1922.
In 1922, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Nationalist Senator for Western Australia. On 14 August 1929, he was appointed President of the Senate, serving until 30 August 1932, when he was replaced by Patrick Lynch.
In 1931, the Nationalist Party had become the United Australia Party, which Kingsmill duly joined. He retired in 1934, but died on 15 January 1935 while still a Senator, necessitating the early appointment of Allan MacDonald, who had been elected to succeed him.

</doc>
<doc id="20282089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282089" title="Çilov">
Çilov

Çilov (also, Cilov, Jiloy) is a village in the municipality of Çilov-Neft Daşları in the Əzizbəyov raion of Baku, Azerbaijan. 
The village name was changed from Jiloy to Çilov on 5 October 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20282109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282109" title="Baş Ələt">
Baş Ələt

Baş Ələt (also, Bash Alat) is a village in the municipality of Ələt in the Qaradağ raion of Baku, Azerbaijan. It is twinned with Stoke-on-Trent, England.

</doc>
<doc id="20282112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282112" title="Jack (2004 film)">
Jack (2004 film)

Jack is a 2004 American drama film written by A. M. Holmes and directed by Lee Rose, released on March 2, 2004. The film is about a boy whose life is torn apart because of his parents' divorce. The film stars Anton Yelchin, Erich Anderson and Brent Spiner.
Plot.
Jack is a normal 15 year old going through puberty. His parents divorce and his world starts to fall apart. While on a fishing trip with his father, he finds out that his father is in a live-in relationship with a man. He is bullied at school because of this. His best friend is Max (Giacomo Baessato), whose mother is being beaten by his father. Jack has a crush on one of his friends, Maggie, whose father is also gay. In the end, Jack learns to accept his father and the fact that his father is gay.

</doc>
<doc id="20282117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282117" title="Yeni Ələt">
Yeni Ələt

Yeni Ələt is a village in the municipality of Ələt in the Qaradağ raion of Baku, Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20282125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282125" title="Qarakosa">
Qarakosa

Qarakosa is a village in the municipality of Ələt in the Qaradağ raion of Baku, Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20282134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282134" title="Kotal">
Kotal

Kotal is a village in the municipality of Ələt in the Qaradağ raion of Baku, Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20282159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282159" title="Yeni Günəşli">
Yeni Günəşli

Yeni Günəşli is a Settlement in the municipality in the Surakhany raion of Baku, Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20282163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282163" title="Borne railway station">
Borne railway station

Borne is a railway station located in Borne, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 18 October 1865 and is located on the Almelo–Salzbergen railway line.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Borne:

</doc>
<doc id="20282168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282168" title="Pirallahı, Baku">
Pirallahı, Baku

Pirallahı is a village in the municipality of Gürgən-Pirallahı in the Pirallahi district of Baku, Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20282194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282194" title="Cao Van Vien">
Cao Van Vien

Cao Văn Viên (December 21, 1921 – January 22, 2008) was a Vietnamese soldier who served in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) and rose to the position of Chairman of the South Vietnamese Joint General Staff. Considered one of "the most gifted" of South Vietnam's military leaders, he has been called "absolutely a key figure" and one of "the most important Vietnamese military leaders" in the US-led fighting during the Vietnam War. Along with Trần Thiện Khiêm, he was one of only two four-star generals in the entire history of South Vietnam.
Early life.
Viên was born to Vietnamese parents in Vientiane, Laos, in December 1921. His father was a merchant. Hearing rumors of a gold rush in the Mekong Delta, he moved to what was then called Cochinchina to become a prospector. Although he became a follower of Ho Chi Minh and fought as a guerrilla against French colonial rule, he soon concluded that Minh's movement was more communist than nationalist and joined independent fighter groups. He was captured by the French, released, and enrolled at the University of Saigon where he obtained a bachelor's degree in French literature. His schoolmate was Lâm Quang Thi.
Military career.
Viên attended the French-run Cap Saint Jacques Military School, graduating with a commission in the Vietnamese National Army as a second lieutenant in 1949. He rose quickly through the ranks, becoming a battalion commander in 1953 and major in 1954. He attended the Vietnamese National Military Academy as a lieutenant, where he met and became friendly with many of South Vietnam's later military leaders. He twice served in military intelligence (in 1953 and 1954), and twice as a military logistics officer. After the formation of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) in 1955, he was appointed chief of military logistics for the ARVN Joint General Staff. He graduated from the United States Army Command and General Staff College in 1957. By 1960, he had completed parachute training with both the Vietnamese and American military, earned his Vietnamese combat pilot's license, and earned his American combat helicopter pilot's license. Viên was promoted to lieutenant colonel and appointed Chief of Staff of the Special Military Staff in the office of the President of the Republic in 1956. He and his family moved to a modest home in the Cholon neighborhood of Saigon (where he lived until April 1975). He was promoted to colonel in 1960 and named Commander of the Vietnamese Airborne Division in November 1960. This came after Colonel Nguyễn Chánh Thi and Lieutenant Colonel Vương Văn Đông, the two highest-ranking paratroopers led a failed coup attempt against Diem and fled into exile in Cambodia. Based on his experiences, Viên concluded in 1961 that the Viet Cong were no longer acting alone but were being led and reinforced by regular units of the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN).
Viên refused to participate in the 1963 coup against South Vietnamese President Ngô Đình Diệm. He was one of several military leaders who were unaware of the coup. When called to a lunchtime meeting with other senior officers and informed of the coup d'état, he reportedly broke down in tears and resigned, refusing to go along with the putsch. Vien was not aware of the plot, and the generals had discussed whether to assassinate him during their planning phase because they knew he was a Diem admirer. His loyalty to the conspirators now suspect, a rifle was thrust into his back and he was moments from being killed. But Major General Tôn Thất Đính had spoken with General Dương Văn Minh during the planning for the coup and convinced Minh to save Viên's life. Dinh played mahjong with Vien's wife, and had convinced Minh that Vien would not oppose the coup. Vien had planned with Diem to allow the president to take refuge at his home in the event of a coup, but the offer could not be taken up because the rebels surrounded Vien's house after taking him into custody. Another account has him accepting the coup after being informed of it. General Lâm Quang Thi later recalled that Viên was a Diem loyalist, but remained neutral during the coup. Viên was briefly imprisoned and stripped of his command, but reinstated a month later.
Col. Viên was a critical supporter of the 1964 South Vietnamese coup in which President Dương Văn Minh was toppled by General Nguyễn Khánh, plotting with him to overthrow Minh and successfully ordering his Airborne Division troops to help secure the capital. By March 14, Viên had been promoted by the new regime to brigadier general.
Viên was named Commander of III Corps, which held the critical region around Saigon. While commanding troops during action in Kiến Phong Province (now Đồng Tháp Province) in March 1964, his unit was ambushed and surrounded on three sides. Viên was wounded in the upper arm and shoulder, and was decorated by the United States with the Silver Star and by the Republic of Vietnam with the National Order of Vietnam (Knight). The Silver Star citation said that while leading his men in an anti-communist assault, and despite "the confusion and inferno of enemy fire" from both sides and an arm and shoulder wound, Vien "continued to exercise command vigorously and effectively until the enemy had been routed". Viên was the first senior South Vietnamese military officer to be wounded in the field. His actions won him widespread respect from American military officers.
Viên was appointed Chief of Staff of the Joint General Staff (JGS) on September 11, 1964, after President Khanh dismissed General Nguyễn Văn Thiệu in order to win Buddhist support for his government. As Chief of Staff of the JGS, he controlled troop movements around the capital and assigned officers to a few critical positions. He supported Khanh and helped suppress a counter-coup by Major General Dương Văn Đức on September 14, 1964. He helped put down another coup on September 27. Along with General Nguyễn Chánh Thi, Air Commodore Nguyễn Cao Kỳ, General Nguyễn Văn Thiệu, and Admiral Chung Tấn Cang, he supported a coup against Prime Minister Trần Văn Hương in December 1964. He led the then-biggest helicopter attack of the war in February 1965. When Viet Cong forces launched a mortar attack on the city of Đồng Xoài on June 10, 1965, Viên held U.S. forces from attacking—keeping the U.S. out of the war at a time when the United States was still attempting to avoid active involvement in the war. When President Phan Khắc Sửu resigned on June 17, 1965, and now-Air Marshall Nguyễn Cao Kỳ succeeded him, Viên was made a member of the military council which acted as a "de facto" cabinet.
Joint General Staff.
Viên was promoted to Chief of the Joint General Staff (JGS) on October 1, 1965. He was promoted to major general on November 1, 1965, during the celebrations accompanying the second anniversary of Diem's assassination, and by January 1966 had been promoted again to lieutenant general. Viên seemed an unlikely choice for such a high position, but he was one of the few generals who could not be accused of having cooperated with the French colonial regime, his loyalty to the Diem regime and his role as a coup leader made him acceptable to conservatives and liberals alike, and he was remarkably apolitical. The appointment may also not have been as important as it appeared, for the JGS was almost routinely excluded from command decisions (which were often made by South Vietnam's military presidents). He had no authority to promote colonels to general, or promote generals to higher rank. At least one historian has characterized his tenure as JGS Chief as "ineffectual". An American general later said he believed that Viên used presidential interference in JGS decision-making as a means of avoiding blame and therefore did not challenge presidential decisions as much as he might otherwise have done. Major General Hoàng Xuân Lãm (Commander, I Corps) and Lieutenant General Lê Nguyên Khang (Commander, III Corps) were both particularly loyal to Viên, and helped the South Vietnamese government retain some degree of political stability. His control over the Corps was further strengthened when Prime Minister Kỳ appointed Brigadier General Nguyễn Văn Mạnh, another Viên loyalist, Commander of IV Corps in November 1966. With this appointment, Viên (along with Kỳ, Khang, and director of information Lt. Gen. Nguyễn Bảo Trí) was considered by American observers to be one of the most powerful people in the government.
Viên nonetheless attempted to be an active strategic thinker and reformer as JGS Chief. In 1965, he proposed invading Laos and establishing a defensive line across the southern portion of that country in order to cut off the Viet Cong's flow of supplies coming down the Ho Chi Minh trail. He met with U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson in Guam in February 1966 to discuss the plan, but Johnson refused to authorize U.S. military support for the campaign and it never went forward. In September 1966, Viên sought and won command of the Vietnamese Navy and for the first time integrated naval plans into JGS planning, but this arrangement lasted only two months. Viên also worked to improve the relationship between his military leaders and their American advisors. When a leading general complained that American advisors were interfering in the chain of command, Viên held a meeting of all senior military leaders to smooth over the differences and reassure his commanders. Unlike many senior South Vietnamese military leaders, he was not shy of strongly criticizing units and commanders which he felt did not perform well. He said the 25th Division, led by Brigadier General Phân Trường Chinh, was "the worst division in ARVN, and possibly the worst division in any army." He instituted modern accounting systems to improve the payment of salaries and benefits, and fought for and won a harsh new law designed to catch and punish deserters. He also retained a limited role in commanding troops in the field. At the command of Prime Minister Kỳ, he personally led troops to Da Nang and Huế during the Buddhist Uprising of April 1966 and helped crush the rebellion of General Chánh Thi. He also instituted new fire control procedures designed to reduce air and artillery strikes against civilian targets. Even as late as 1968, he was in the field assessing the use of modern weapons (such as heavy helicopters and advanced missiles) by the enemy.
Defense Minister.
On January 26, 1967, Prime Minister Kỳ announced that Lt. Gen. Nguyễn Hữu Có had been replaced as Defense Minister by Lt. Gen. Viên. Viên did not, however, assume the post of Deputy Prime Minister as the Defense Minister usually did. Viên was promoted to full General on February 5, 1967. In his role as Defense Minister, General Viên and Lt. Gen. Nguyễn Văn Vy were appointed to a committee to investigate and root out corruption among the top South Vietnamese military leadership. More than 50 ARVN officers were removed from service in the campaign's first push. (After the war ended, however, Viên was accused of refusing to act on accusations of corruption presented to him.) Viên also strongly criticized in a letter to General William Westmoreland (the senior U.S. military commander in South Vietnam) what he saw as an over-pessimistic and derogatory article by the U.S. news media about South Vietnamese troops and combat actions. Gen. Westmoreland subsequently assigned "military-information advisors" at the corps and division level to smooth over relations.
The summer of 1967, Viên played a critical role in helping overcome a political crisis in the government. In September 1966, South Vietnamese voters elected a Constituent Assembly which was charged with writing a new constitution for the Republic of Vietnam. The new constitution was promulgated in March 1967, and local elections held. A presidential election was scheduled for September 3, 1967, but Air Marshal and Prime Minister Nguyễn Cao Kỳ and Head of State Gen. Nguyễn Văn Thiệu both sought the presidency. With the U.S. military preparing for a major expansion in its armed forces in Vietnam, American diplomats and senior military officers made it clear that they would not tolerate another military coup or interference in the electoral process. Under the pretense of holding a meeting of the Armed Forces Council (an informal body of senior army, navy, and air force leaders to discuss military policy), Lt. Gen. Viên forced the military to resolve the crisis by unofficially backing one of the two candidates. With the assent of Prime Minister Kỳ, the support was unofficial so that if the military's candidate did not win the loss would not be seen as a public lack of confidence in the armed forces. After a three-day meeting, the military agreed to support Thiệu for president and Kỳ for executive vice president. Viên may have supported a Kỳ candidacy at first. According to Ky, Viên was for a short time considered for the presidency, but Viên refused and no majority formed behind his candidacy. Viên subsequently traveled to Thailand and met with exiled general Dương Văn Minh, warning him not to return to South Vietnam in an attempt to seek the presidency.
On August 10, 1967, Viên held his first press conference since becoming Chief of the JGS or Defense Minister, and accidentally revealed the existence of a secret, major bombing campaign against Viet Cong and PAVN troops in Cambodia. Since 1965, the United States had been making increasingly regular bombing raids on suspected Viet Cong and PAVN staging and supply areas throughout Cambodia. In his press conference on August 10, Gen. Viên briefly discussed the existence of the secret bombings, and declared them a failure. The U.S. government immediately and categorically denied that any such bombings had taken place. Gen. Viên was the first high military official in either South Vietnam or the United States to admit that the U.S. was bombing Cambodia.
Thiệu had initially signalled that he would replace Viên as Defense Minister with Lt. Gen. Vy if he won the presidency. But when Thiệu won the presidential election on September 3, he agreed to keep Viên as Defense Minister even though most of the cabinet would now be civilians rather than military personnel. He was also a member of the National Security Council, a body created by the new constitution to advise the President and Prime Minister on issues of national importance. He continued to act as a chief military strategist for the government, working with Gen. Westmoreland on the Combined Campaign Plan for 1967. In his role as Chief of the JGS and Defense Minister, Viên was the highest-ranking government official to greet President Johnson at Cam Ranh Bay when he made his second battle-zone trip to Vietnam in December 1967.
As Defense Minister, Gen. Viên also attempted to reform the government's pacification campaign. The failure of the Strategic Hamlet Program (an attempt to separate peasants from the Viet Cong by moving the population into fortified villages) by 1963 led to a re-emphasis on a military solution by 1965. The Phoenix Program, designed to identify and either capture or kill Viet Cong insurgents, was implemented and the South Vietnamese government began to focus on the "Revolutionary Development" program of economic development. In 1966, Viên and Westmoreland agreed to train ARVN troops in "clear and hold" pacification tactics. Although the American and South Vietnamese governments both realized the importance of pacification, the pacification program showed few results and was close to collapse by mid-1967. In September 1967, Major General Nguyễn Đức Thắng, Viên's deputy at the JGS, was appointed Minister of Construction and Development to revitalize the pacification program. Thắng proposed and Viên approved a plan for reform that would: 1) Require provincial chiefs to report to the Ministry of Construction and Development and the Minister for Pacification in Saigon and not military Corps commanders; 2) Strip Corps commanders of their ability to appoint province chiefs; 3) Transfer the role of Government Delegate for each province from Corps commanders to civilian political leaders; and 4) Transfer control of ARVN battalions engaged in pacification campaigns from Corps commanders to the Minister for Pacification. Viên sought the advice of Gen. Westmoreland, who agreed that the plan should be implemented. But President Thiệu repeatedly refused to implement the plan, fearing the loss of political support. Angry at Thiệu's action, Maj. Gen. Thắng resigned in January 1968 and became Viên's personal assistant.
Thiệu replaced Viên as Defense Minister with Lt. Gen. Nguyễn Văn Vy on November 98, 1967. Viên's departure was not seen as a snub or loss of political power, but rather as a way of relieving him of the less important duties of Defense Minister so that he could focus on prosecuting the war.
Role during Tet Offensive.
Viên played a critical role in the Tet Offensive of January 31, 1968. Fearing an attack during Tết (the Vietnamese New Year), Westmoreland had advised Viên to limit the traditional Tết cease-fire to just 24 hours. Viên tried but failed to win approval for this limitation. Viet Cong and PAVN forces attacked I and II Corps shortly after midnight on January 31, and Saigon and III Corps at about 3 AM local time. Not alerted to the extent of the battle due to disruptions in communications but realizing after several hours that a major attack on Saigon was under way, Viên was forced to drive himself through the back streets of Saigon at 7 AM to reach JGS headquarters at Tân Sơn Nhứt Airport. JGS Headquarters was one of six critical targets for the communist forces, and elements of the C-10 Sapper Battalion were assigned to attack the building. Shortly after his arrival, enemy combatants seized control of Gate 4 at the airport and were threatening to attack JGS Headquarters. By sheer luck, two armed and supplied battalions were at Tân Sơn Nhứt awaiting transport to I Corps. Viên immediately ordered their dispersal throughout the city of Saigon, preventing a collapse in the city's defense. Retaining two companies, he ordered a counter-attack against the enemy elements controlling access to the airport and threw them back. Due to the severe lack of personnel, Vien used almost his entire staff as combat personnel and took personal command of them in the field to repel the communist attack on the air base. Majors and colonels led platoons and captains and lieutenants acted as privates. Thanks to Gen. Viên's actions, JGS Headquarters remained the only secure military location in Saigon. Kỳ and most of the top generals in the city spent the next several days in Viên's office coordinating the counter-attack, sleeping on his office rug at night. Viên coordinated the city's defense throughout the first critical hours of the Tet Offensive, ordering JGS officers and staff into the streets to personally lead combat divisions throughout Saigon. Most of the fighting in the city ended by dawn the next day, although small elements of communist forces held out until March 7 Viên personally led troops in Operation Tran Hung Dao, the counter-offensive which began on February 3.
In the aftermath of the Tet Offensive, Viên became convinced that North Vietnam intended to cut South Vietnam in two by occupying the Tây Nguyên, or Central Highlands. Westmoreland disagreed, and reinforced Khe Sanh more than 185 miles (300 km) to the north. On April 1, 1968, Viên attended a meeting at Nha Trang called by Gen. Westmoreland and attended by Westmoreland, Lt. Gen. Lê Nguyên Khang (Commander of III Corps), Gen. Creighton Abrams (who was due to succeed Westmoreland on June 10, 1968), and Deputy Ambassador to Vietnam Samuel D. Berger. Berger made an impromptu speech declaring the Tet Offensive a great victory for South Vietnam and urging support for President Thiệu (rumors of another coup were rife). But angry at what he perceived as President Thiệu's lack of aggressive prosecution of the war and exhausted by his duties, Viên allegedly attempted to resign on April 3, 1968. Viên then denied he had done so, instead saying that he threatened to do so if U.S. and South Vietnamese forces were put under a unified command.
Vien later criticised the US and South Vietnam for not pressing home their advantage and going on a large-scale offensive in an attempt to totally defeat the communists immediately.
Post-Defense Minister role.
Thiệu considered replacing Viên as JGS Chair in June 1968, but kept him in the position. Viên remained a strong supporter of Executive Vice President Kỳ, who remained a very powerful figure in the government and had the support of nearly 1 million Roman Catholic refugees in the country. Viên (like Kỳ) opposed the appointment of Trần Văn Hương as Prime Minister, and Kỳ signalled to President Thiệu that he would not like to see Viên or the other generals who supported Kỳ removed from their positions. Viên subsequently accompanied Thiệu to Hawaii for yet another meeting with President Johnson in July 1968 and to an eight-day state visit to Taiwan and South Korea in May 1969. Viên's political position remained unstable, however. Several times in 1969 and 1970, Prime Minister Trần Văn Hương advised Thiệu to replace Vien with Lt. Gen. Đỗ Cao Trí.
Lt. Gen. Viên continued to act as chief strategist for South Vietnamese armed forces, but his influence was increasingly impaired. In June 1968, he advocated that the U.S. resume bombing of North Vietnam. In September 1968, he advocated the invasion and occupation of Cambodia, Laos, and southern North Vietnam. But as President Johnson and later President Richard Nixon began implementing the policy of Vietnamization (under which there would be gradual American troop withdrawals and extensive re-arming and training of ARVN forces with the aim of leaving the war completely in the hands of the South Vietnamese), Viên and other South Vietnamese military leaders were rarely consulted or informed ahead of time about these decisions. For example, when the U.S. considered an immediate halt to all bombing of North Vietnam in October 1968, only President Thiệu was consulted. Viên nonetheless was forced to help implement Vietnamization. Based on the conversations in Hawaii six months earlier, he held the first JGS discussions on American troop withdrawals in January 1969. Viên remained silent about his views of the American policy, but his aides were extremely pessimistic about its success. Viên did, however, support Ambassador Ellsworth Bunker's "One War" strategy (under which pacification, counter-insurgency, and Vietnamization all took equal importance) and assisted Gen. Abrams with developing the Combined (US/SVN) Strategic Objective Plan of 1969. The plan involved the transfer of hundreds of aging American military camps to the South Vietnamese armed forces. Many ARVN officers criticized Viên's plan to base ARVN troops in these static positions, arguing that it isolated the Army from the populace, hurt morale, and reduced mobility. Lt. Gen. Viên accompanied President Thiệu to Midway Atoll in June 1969, where the two men learned of President Nixon's intention to withdraw 25,000 American troops from South Vietnam within 60 days. In what became the then-largest single transfer of military equipment to South Vietnam, Lt. Gen. Viên received 64 river patrol boats from the United States just days later—yet another indication of the American withdrawal.
Viên was awarded the Legion of Merit, Commander, in December 1969.
Vietnamization.
Viên continued to worry about the prosecution of the war effort. He told the press and his American military advisors that he expected the United States to maintain a force of at least 250,000 troops on the ground for the next several years, and that if the U.S. did not he did not expect South Vietnam to survive. Beginning in 1970, he asked to be relieved as Chief of the JGS and assigned command of the Airborne Brigade, but President Thiệu refused each time (wishing to retain the apolitical general in this critical role). As Vietnamization continued, Viên clamped down once more on the American press. He led JGS staff in exercises in determining how much territory ARVN could defend with varying amounts of U.S. aid. He also began planning independent military operations to cope with the effects of Vietnamization. Although Gen. William B. Rosson met with him in April 1970 to warn against it, Viên began planning for ARVN troops to engage in cross-border attacks into Cambodia to strike at Viet Cong and PAVN staging and supply areas. He also reorganized the ARVN command structure, providing for joint command of III and IV Corps while operating inside Cambodia and the establishment of a Cambodian military liaison officer to the JGS.
At a high-level meeting of cabinet officials and generals in October 1970, Viên again sought and won support for a plan (Operation Lam Son 719) to send ARVN troops into Laos to cut the Ho Chi Minh Trail. Viên and President Thiệu met with United States Secretary of Defense Melvin R. Laird on January 11, 1971, and proposed their plan. With Laird's tentative approval, Viên met with Gen. Creighton Abrams and worked out the military details. Viên had proposed an invasion of Laos "countless" times since 1965, making it one of his top strategic goals. But the invasion was a disaster. Poor roads, rough terrain, and a much higher than expected number of PAVN artillery and machine gun positions (which interdicted airborne resupply efforts) brought the invasion to a halt halfway to its intended target of the city of Tchepone by the first of March. A worried Viên met with Gen. Abrams, President Thiệu, and U.S. Ambassador Ellsworth Bunker on March 3 to discuss a change in tactics, and concluded that ARVN airborne forces would make an assault on the abandoned town of Tchepone and occupy it. The assault was successful, and two days later a withdrawal began. The withdrawal turned into an undisciplined, panicked retreat with very heavy losses which was completed on April 6, 1971.
In an example of what he called "pure psywar", Viên also spread rumors that ARVN troops might invade across the Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone and invade North Vietnam (rumors intended to keep three PAVN brigades pinned down there). General Viên met with U.S. Secretary of Defense Laird, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Thomas H. Moorer, and Commander-in-Chief, Pacific Command (CINCPAC) Admiral John S. McCain, Jr. in November 1971 to discuss the effect of military aid cuts.
General Viên's role as Chief of JGS became more advisory after 1971. After PAVN's success during the early months of the Easter Offensive in March and April 1972—during which the city of Quảng Trị and the provinces of Bình Định and Kon Tum were lost to communist forces—President Thiệu consulted with Gen. Viên but continued to personally direct the war without general staff assistance. Viên still believed ARVN capable of defeating the insurgents if his military forces were given enough supplies. As the Easter Offensive ended in October, speculation was rife that the Thiệu government might not be able to survive. Viên was among the individuals who South Vietnamese and American officials felt might be able to form a coalition government with the Viet Cong, if such an action were necessary.
Gen. Viên nearly became a signatory to the Paris Peace Accords in 1973. A tentative agreement between the United States and North Vietnam was reached in late October 1972, but President Thiệu rejected the accord and demanded 69 changes. Concerned that the Hanoi government might pull out of the negotiations altogether and seek to defeat the South Vietnamese, President Nixon ordered the heavy aerial bombing (Operation Linebacker II) of North Vietnam in December 1972. Although American losses were light overall and damage in North Vietnam heavy, American public opinion and Congressional anger ran high against the bombing campaign. The Hanoi government agreed to return to the bargaining table, and Nixon suspended operations against North Vietnam on December 29, 1972. Nixon offered repeated, private assurances (which did not have the weight of formal diplomatic guarantees) to President Thiệu several times during the first two weeks of January, but could not get him to agree to sign the peace document. When President Thiệu continued to balk, Nixon told him that he would independently sign the peace accord on January 23 with or without South Vietnamese consent. Thiệu capitulated. By January 22, however, it was unclear if Thiệu would actually send a delegate to Paris to sign the documents. Gen. Viên offered to go to Paris to initial the peace agreement without Thiệu's consent, but President Nixon vetoed the idea.
General Viên was the most senior South Vietnamese official to represent the government as General Frederick C. Weyand and the final contingent of U.S. ground troops left Vietnam on March 28, 1973.
Viên ordered heightened security for the 1974 Tết holiday, and in April 1974 traveled to the United States to plead (unsuccessfully) for more military aid. He was appointed a member of the Presidential Military Council in 1975 along with generals Trần Thiện Khiêm and Dạng Văn Quảng. He also promoted Lt. Gen. Đổng Văn Khuyên, a close friend and Commander of the Central Logistics Command, to act concurrently as Chief of Staff of the JGS. In the opinion of Major General Homer D. Smith, the U.S. defense attaché, Khuyên's appointment enhanced operations and personnel operations while diminishing the managerial efficiency of logistics and creating jealousy among other military commanders.
Role during government's final days.
Viên was present at the fateful meeting in March 1975 which led to South Vietnam's collapse. At the end of February 1975, President Thiệu (accompanied by Gen. Viên and Prime Minister Gen. Trần Thiện Khiêm) made a brief visit to Cam Ranh Bay to assess the military situation in South Vietnam's northernmost military zone. At an assembly of top generals on March 11, 1975, President Thiệu declared he would abandon the Central Highlands—trading land in order to achieve a more defensible concentration of population and troops around Saigon and the Mekong Delta. Although he had long believed such a move was necessary, Viên did not speak up in support of any such plan until this meeting. Yet, he also did not voice his belief that the war was unwinnable if the Central Highlands were abandoned. Accounts of this meeting do differ, however. Some versions of the meeting have Viên remaining silent at Thieu's decision. Whichever version is correct, the government did not prepare the army, its allies, or the public for the decision, nor did it anticipate how the decision might affect the war effort. Although Gen. Viên met with Maj. Gen. Homer D. Smith shortly after the March 11 meeting, he did not inform him about President Thiệu's decision—leaving the Americans unprepared for what followed. Thiệu's decision led to widespread panic among the public, and the collapse of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam. As panic set in and ARVN troops refused to fight or deserted in large numbers, Gen. Viên tried to rally his nation's troops: "We have only one way and that is to fight for our survival. The historic hour has come." But privately he expressed his belief that the Thiệu government could no longer prosecute the war effort effectively. General Viên, President Thiệu, Vice President Trần Văn Hương, and Prime Minister Gen. Trần Thiện Khiêm consulted with Gen. Weyand (visiting South Vietnam on a fact-finding mission) on April 1. Also present were U.S. Ambassador Graham Martin and Maj. Gen. Homer D. Smith. Weyand delivered a personal message from President Gerald Ford indicating that limited amounts of critical supplies and equipment were coming, but that the South Vietnamese army had to hold its ground.
General Viên met with Gen. Trần Văn Đôn, the new South Vietnamese Defense Minister, on April 16 and advised him that ARVN troops would no longer fight. To Australian Army Brigadier Ted Serong, this was a sign that Gen. Viên himself was abandoning the fight. But Maj. Gen. Homer D. Smith felt that Viên and the JGS staff were working very hard to reconstitute forces which had fled and wanted to continue to fight. On April 21, Gen. Viên issued a statement that said he would not resign and intended to stay and fight. On April 27, Viên helped brief members of the National Assembly on what was likely to happen once the city fell. Air Marshal Nguyễn Cao Kỳ later said he called Gen. Viên on April 27 and offered to lead a tank column so that they could open the road to the west and help tens of thousands of people flee the city, but Gen. Viên dissuaded him. Viên's next actions are unclear. Some accounts say that Gen. Viên then resigned, telling President Trần Văn Hương that he could not serve under Gen. Dương Văn Minh (who had returned to the country in 1968 and would be named President on April 27). But other versions of the fall of Saigon have Gen. Viên leaving Vietnam on April 28 without resigning, leaving the JGS in turmoil.
Saigon fell to PAVN forces on April 30, 1975.
Assessment.
Assessments of Cao Văn Viên's military career are generally positive. In his memoir, "A Soldier Reports", Gen. William Westmoreland concluded, "Never have I known a more admirable man: honest, loyal, reserved, scholarly, diplomatic." Historians have said his strategic and command skills compared favorably with those of American General Earle G. Wheeler, and that Gen. Creighton Abrams respected Viên deeply. Maj. Gen. Homer D. Smith said, "I was most impressed with this gentleman. Our relationship was one of complete candor on the matters he chose to discuss. ... I never heard him say an unkind thing about anyone. Despite the obvious facts of too little support and and the failing prospects of getting more support, he was never bitter. He was a very gracious person." In a top secret report in July 1970, Colonel John K. Singlaub said he had "a very warm personal working relationship" with Viên, and described the general as a "major factor in getting things done".
There are some critics, however. General Lâm Quang Thi called him a "colorless" man who preferred practicing yoga over leading troops. "Los Angeles Times" reporter George McArthur called him "something of a prima donna." Nguyễn Tiến Hưng described him as "a mediocre staff officer, without imagination."
Post-war life.
Cao Văn Viên left Vietnam for the United States on April 28, 1975. He arrived in America on April 29, 1975, aboard a C-141 Starlifter aircraft which landed at El Toro Marine Air Station. He was met by Marine Brigadier General R. W. Taylor and taken to an undisclosed location before being reunited with his family. The Viên family had strong ties to the U.S. already: In 1973, Gen. Viên's oldest son was a doctoral student at American University and his second-oldest son was attending high school in Washington, D.C.
The Viên family settled briefly in New Jersey, where his wife Tran Thi Tao ran a dry cleaning business. The Viên family then moved to Falls Church, Virginia, His wife started an export-import business. For a time, Gen. Viên was paid $1,500 by the U.S. Army to write monographs about the conduct of the Vietnam War. His most comprehensive analysis was "The Final Collapse", in which he argued that cutbacks in military assistance and a lack of U.S. air power led to the defeat of the South Vietnamese government. After finishing his work for the U.S. Army, Gen. Viên considered teaching French literature, but he suffered from rheumatoid arthritis and was unable to work. Viên was a lifelong adherent of Buddhism; fluent in English, French, and Laotian; never smoked or drank; and loved birds. He became an American citizen in 1982. He kept bees and allowed them to sting him to dull the pain of his arthritis, but this unorthodox remedy was only temporarily effective.
Gen. Viên's wife died in 1991. His daughter, Lan Cao, became a professor of law at the College of William and Mary. His son Cao Anh Tuan died in 1996, and his son Cao Anh Dzung disappeared and has never been found. Cao Văn Viên lived his last years at Sleepy Hollow Manor, an assisted living facility in Annandale, Virginia. He died there of cardiac arrest on January 22, 2008. He was survived by his daughter and five grandchildren.
Controversy over wealth.
At the time that he left Vietnam, the American press believed that General Viên was one of the wealthiest generals able to escape the country. The "Los Angeles Times" reported that "repeated American complaints" had prevented Viên himself from accumulating wealth or engaging in corruption.
General Viên's wife, Tao Thi Tran, was the daughter of one of the largest landowners in the Mekong Delta. Her father was executed by the Viet Cong and her family's land confiscated. A savvy businesswoman, she built a large number of businesses while her husband was in the military. She owned and ran bars and hotels that catered to U.S. military personnel and diplomats, owned and operated a Pepsi-Cola bottling franchise, owned a San Miguel beer distributorship, owned a large construction company that built 20 to 30 homes each year, owned extensive tracts of land, and ran an export-import business which specialized in Vietnamese handicrafts. She was also said to sell favors and military and political promotions.
Accusations were also frequently made that General Viên's wife had enriched the family due to her husband's position, although there was almost no evidence to support such claims. In September 1970, a member of the National Assembly accused Gen. Viên of extensive corruption. After the fall of Saigon, Nguyễn Văn Ngái (a former Minister of Rural Development and former Senator in the National Assembly) also accused the Viêns of corruption. Another unsubstantiated claim was that the Viêns had deposited $1 million in a bank in Guam during their flight from South Vietnam.
Other awards.
In addition to his National Order of Vietnam, Silver Star, and Legion of Merit, General Viên was awarded eight other medals from the governments of the Philippines, the Republic of China, South Korea, and Thailand. He also received the following honors from the Republic of Vietnam as of 1967:

</doc>
<doc id="20282201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282201" title="Sabri Khan">
Sabri Khan

Ustad Sabri Khan (Hindi: उस्ताद साबरी खान,(Urdu: استاد صابری خان), born 1927 in Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh) is an Indian sarangi player, who is descended on both sides of his family from a line of distinguished musicians.
Early life.
Khan belongs to the Sainia Gharana. This Gharana traces the tradition of its music back to Mian Tansen, the great vocalist in the court of Moghul Emperor Akbar. Khan was initiated into Sarangi – playing by his grandfather, Ustad Haji "Mohammed Khan" and later continued his training under his father Ustad "Chajju Khan", both accomplished Sarangi exponents of their time. Khan also learned some important and rare techniques of playing this ancient and difficult instrument from his uncle Ustad "Laddan Khan" of Rampur.
Khan has a prodigious command over the Sarangi – bowed instrument, which is considered to be a difficult instrument to master in Indian instrumental music. In playing Sarangi he has generated his own style where the purity of raga, variety of tans, layakari, (rhythmic oscillations) alaap-jor are obvious and of course of the traditional form of sarangi-playing in its total originality.
Music career.
Khan, has toured extensively across the world and performed in Afghanistan, Pakistan, China, Japan, USSR, Russia, USA, Canada, England, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, Italy, Spain, Czechia, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Sweden, Norway, Finland and Mexico.. The credit of introducing the Sarangi to American and European audiences goes to Khan. He has also played a duet with the renowned Yehudi Menuhin and was invited as a visiting professor by the University of Washington, Seattle, USA.
In appreciation of his contribution to the Classical Music of India Ustad Sabri Khan has received numerous honours and awards, including the Sahitya Kala Parishad Award, UP Sangeet Natak Academy Award, National Sangeet Natak Academy Award and the prestigious Padma Shree Award (1992) and Padma Bhushan Award (2006) by the President of India – Government of India.
Family.
Ustad Sabri Khan Sahib has 4 sons- Sarwar Sabri (Musician – Tabla; living in Birmingham), Jamal Sarwar Sabri (Chartered Accountant ; living in Dubai), Kamal Sabri (Musician – Sarangi ; living in Delhi) and the youngest Gulfam Sabri (Singer ; living in Delhi) and 5 Daughters. He has many Grandsons either learning to or playing musical instruments: Sohail (Sarangi), Faisal (Tabla), Shariq (Tabla), Junaid (Guitar) and Nabeel (Sarangi).
Awards and honour.
Khan received several national awards, including the Padma Shri in 1992 and the Padma Bhushan in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20282203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282203" title="Rosalyn Dance">
Rosalyn Dance

Rosalyn R. "Roz" Dance (born February 10, 1948) is an American politician. Since 2005 she has been a member of the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 63rd district southeast of Richmond, made up of the city of Petersburg and part of Hopewell, plus parts of Chesterfield, Dinwiddie and Prince George Counties. Dance was mayor of Petersburg 1992–2004. She is a member of the Democratic Party.
Dance has served on the House committees on Appropriations (2006–), General Laws (2006–), Health, Welfare and Institutions (2013–), and Privileges and Elections (2006–2012).
Electoral history.
In 2001, the 63rd Virginia House of Delegates district incumbent, Democrat Jay DeBoer, retired after 18 years. Dance, then mayor of Petersburg, ran for the seat as an independent but lost to the Democratic nominee, funeral director Fenton Bland.
On January 25, 2005, Bland pleaded guilty in federal court to a charge of conspiracy to commit bank fraud; he resigned the 63rd district seat the next day. Dance received the Democratic nomination and was chosen to replace Bland in a special election on March 22.

</doc>
<doc id="20282222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282222" title="William Carroll (Australian politician)">
William Carroll (Australian politician)

William Carroll (3 January 1872 – 30 May 1936) was an Australian politician. Born in Garvoc, Victoria, he was educated at Horsham before moving to Western Australia during the gold rush to become a miner, and subsequently became a farmer at Tammin. He was General Secretary of the Western Australian Primary Producers' Association, and was a member of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 1923 to 1924. In 1925, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Country Party Senator for Western Australia. He remained in the Senate until his death in 1936, necessitating the appointment of Thomas Marwick to replace him.

</doc>
<doc id="20282304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282304" title="Omineca Arc">
Omineca Arc

The Omineca Arc or Omineca Belt was a Jurassic through Cretaceous volcanic arc terrane in western North America, extending from Alaska through Yukon and British Columbia to Washington. The Omeneca is bounded by the Foreland Belt to the east and the Intermontane Belt to the west. It is named after the Omineca Mountains of north-central British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="20282317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282317" title="John Panizza">
John Panizza

John Horace Panizza (24 March 1931 – 31 January 1997) was an Australian politician. Born at Southern Cross, Western Australia, he was a farmer and property developer, and served on Yilgarn Shire Council. In 1987, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for Western Australia. He held his Senate seat until his death in 1997; Ross Lightfoot was appointed to replace him.

</doc>
<doc id="20282351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282351" title="Mariana Sîrbu">
Mariana Sîrbu

Mariana Sîrbu (born in Iaşi, Romania) is a Romanian violinist.
Biography.
Mariana Sîrbu started playing the violin under the supervision of her parents. She then studied with Ştefan Gheorghiu at the "Ciprian Porumbescu" National University of Music Bucharest in Bucharest. 
Schon bald nach Beginn ihrer Konzertkarriere wurde sie mit mehreren internationalen Preisen ausgezeichnet. 
She performed as soloist in many of the world’s great concert halls such as Berliner Philharmonie, Teatro Colón (Buenos Aires), Sydney Opera House, Wiener Musikverein, Concertgebouw (Amsterdam), Carnegie Hall and Lincoln Center (New York), Teatro alla Scala (Milan) and Suntory Hall (Tokyo). She also took part in many international music festivals.
In 1968 she was a founder of the Academica String Quartet, with which she toured in many countries. With the quartet, she was a prize-winner at several international competitions including Liège 1972, Münich 1973, Geneva 1974 and Belgrade 1975.
In 1985 Mariana Sîrbu joined the Trio di Milano with pianist Bruno Canino and cellist Rocco Filippini. In 1994 she participated in establishing the "Quartetto Stradivari". From 1992 bis 2003 she was concertmaster of the I Musici chamber orchestra. She was recently appointed principal guest director of the Irish Chamber Orchestra.
Mariana Sîrbu plays a Stradivarius violin (model “Conte di Fontana”, 1702), which previously was played by Russian violinist David Oistrakh.
Teaching activities.
After graduating from university, Mariana Sîrbu worked for several years as assistant of Ştefan Gheorghiu in Bucharest. She later taught at the "Scuola di Musica di Fiesole" in Florence. She has given master classes in Spain, Ireland, Italy, France, Switzerland, The Netherlands, Canada, Japan and China. Since 2002 Mariana Sîrbu is professor of violin an at the Felix Mendelssohn College of Music and Theatre in Leipzig. Mariana Sîrbu is visiting professor at the Irish World Academy of Music and Dance, University of Limerick, Ireland. 
Mariana Sîrbu was member of several international juries for competitions such the "Concorso Internazionale Triennale di Liuteria" (Cremona), the "Concorso Vittorio Gui" (Florence), the chamber music competition "Concorso Lorenzi" (Trieste), the string quartet competitions in Évian-les-Bains and Bordeaux and the violin competition "George Enescu" (Bucharest).
Recordings.
Many of Mariana Sîrbu’s performances have been recorded, among which Beethoven’s violin sonatas and his Triple Concerto, Enescu’s violin sonatas, the twelve concertos for solo violin of Locatelli’s "L’arte del Violino", Vivaldi’s twelve violin concertos.

</doc>
<doc id="20282352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282352" title="Papyrus 119">
Papyrus 119

Papyrus 119 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1119, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John. The surviving texts of John are verses 1:21-28,38-44, they are in a fragmentary condition. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the early 3rd century (INTF).
The text is written in one column per page, 16 lines per page (40 reconstructed).
The manuscript is currently housed at the Papyrology Rooms of the Ashmolean Museum at Oxford with the shelf number P. Oxy. 4803.

</doc>
<doc id="20282360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282360" title="Kutiman">
Kutiman

Ophir Kutiel (; born 1982), professionally known as Kutiman, is an Israeli musician, composer, producer and animator. He is best known for creating the online music video project, "ThruYOU", a self-titled album.
Background.
Kutiel was born in Jerusalem, Israel, and grew up in Zichron Yaacov. He commenced piano lessons at the age of six and then learned to play drums and guitar at 14 years of age. When Kutiel was 18, he moved to Tel Aviv to study jazz at Rimon Music College.
While working at a local convenience store in Tel Aviv, Israel, Kutiel discovered a college radio station that was playing genres of music that were vastly different from the classical jazz he had been accustomed to up until that point in time. Following this experience, Kutiman met Sabbo, another Israeli artist, who introduced him to Afrobeat and funk music, including the sounds of James Brown and Fela Kuti, among many others. As Kutiel's taste for music deviated from his traditional training, in 2003, Kutiman embarked on a journey to Jamaica, where he researched reggae and worked with both Stephen and Damien Marley.
Music career.
In 2006, Kutiman was signed to German music label, Melting Pot Music, based in Cologne. Soon after, his first single, "No Groove Where I Come From", was released, followed by the release of the hit song "Music is Ruling My World"—a collabroation with Karolina of Habanot Nechama. Kutiman's eponymous debut album, which received an 8.2 rating from Pitchfork Media and a 7 out of 10 from PopMatters, was released in the fall of 2007. "Under the Radar" picked Kutiman as one of the "Artists to Watch in 2008", along with Glasvegas and MGMT. Kutiman has also won the 2010 ACUM award for producing Karolina's album, "What Will I Do Now?"
In the summer of 2010, Kutiman co-headlined a concert bill with DJ Shadow in Tel Aviv, performing with his live band, The Kutiman Orchestra.
In June 2012 Kutiman released a new single and video clip "Dover. D". This video, created by Kutiman, documents a street art project by Dover D. Kutiman produced this song and played all instruments featuring Elran Dekel, lead singer of Funk'n'stein, on vocals. This song was featured on Gilles Peterson's BBC 6 radio show 
ThruYOU.
In 2009, Kutiman released "ThruYOU," an online music video project, featuring a mixture of samples of YouTube videos, and the video project received more than 10 million views in around two weeks. "Time Magazine" named it one of the "50 Best Inventions of 2009". Due to the success of "ThruYOU", in October 2010, Kutiman was invited by YouTube to perform at the "YouTube Play" grand opening at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City, US.
Two years after the release of "ThruYou", Kutiman created a new "ThruYou"-like video, entitled "My Favorite Color", subsequently attracting the attention of numerous publications, including "Wired", "Fader", and "Mashable", the latter awarding the piece its "Video of the Day" accolade.
In a June 2009 Internet radio interview, Kutiman described how he first conceived of "ThruYOU":
At first I took some drummers—before I had the idea about "ThruYOU", I took some drummers from YouTube and I played on top of them—just for fun, you know. And then one day, just before I plugged my guitar to play on top of the drummer from YouTube, I thought to myself, you know—maybe I can find a bass and guitar and other players on YouTube to play with this drummer...
It took me two months, but it was really intense. I barely ate, I just worked on a computer and went to sleep...day and night, and night and day...didn't see any friends, no family...not even the sun.
After disclosing his work to only twenty friends, Kutiman's project spread virally across the web, racking up more than one million views in less than a week. After viewing "ThruYOU", open source advocate, Lawrence Lessig, praised the project for pioneering a new, less-regulated form of media, stating, "If you come to the Net armed with the idea that the old system of copyright is going to work just fine here, this more than anything is going to get you to recognize: you need some new ideas."
Kutiman did not often travel to promote his project but on June 19, 2009, he visited Wrocław, Poland, responding to an invitation from an Internet radio station. In an interview, Kutiman described the interest of various media outlets in the "ThruYOU" project, as well as his own willingness to focus on his work:
I got a lot of offers, you know, for gigs and for DJing and for just interviews, but I really do my best, you know. I don't really like it, honestly - but you're so nice and kind, so I'm having a great time.
At this point, Kutiman has been reluctant to comment on the future of the project. During an interview, he indicated that his ideas and future plans might revolve around "social things" in the future, but did not specify these plans:
All the feedback from other people really inspired me to keep on doing things, you know, like with a lot of people, and kind of social things. I have a lot of ideas, but I haven't started making anything just yet.
Post-"ThruYOU" videos.
Kutiman mixes Maroon 5.
In early 2010, Maroon 5 approached Kutiman with some footage of each band member jamming by himself. Kutiman mixed the footage to create "Kutiman Mixes Maroon 5", an original audiovisual piece combining all of the separate footage into a single clip.
My Favorite Color.
The "My Favorite Color" project blends together a deeper, jazz-oriented sound that has gained numerous views and received praise from outlets such as "Wired", "CBS News", and "TechCrunch". The video maintains the "Thru-YOU" style of using various YouTube video clips to form a single compilation, but the sound is more complex and dreamlike. "My Favorite Color" features many different clips, including an organ-playing mother, a young female vocalist singing in her London bedroom, and an Omaha-based saxophonist performing "free improvisation". Kutiman unites the wide range of talent in all of the videos to form a single online music collective.
Thru Jerusalem.
In June 2011, Kutiman was chosen as the "Artist of the Season" for "The Jerusalem Season of Culture" and he created the video “Thru Jerusalem". This piece differs from his past mixes, as he himself approached and shot the musicians, rather than finding them on YouTube. Although Kutiman filmed the musicians himself, he did not provide any guidance or direction as they played and mixed the footage himself. In July 2011, the song won First Prize in the global "Call for Music Videos of Palestinian-Jewish Duos or Groups" presented by the Jewish-Palestinian Living Room Dialogue.
Thru Krakow.
In 2012 Kutiman was invited by the Jewish Culture Festival to Kraków, Poland and created second clip in his Thru series - Thru Krakow, featuring many festival artists, including: Frank London, David Krakauer, Uri Caine, Paul Shapiro, Cantor Benzion Miller, Raphael Roginski, Mikołaj Trzaska, DJ Funklore (Tomasz Jurecki), The Alaev Family.
My Favorite Band: A Tribute to "Black Dog" by Led Zeppelin.
Paying tribute to one of the most influential bands in music history, Kutiman created a piece entitled "My Favorite Band"—it became the first user-generated "mashup" video cover of Led Zeppelin’s “Black Dog”. Using unrelated YouTube videos of various musicians performing “Black Dog”, Kutiman mixed the clips together to create an innovative cover version. Kutiman's tribute to Led Zeppelin was screened at Flatpack Film Festival as part of the "Home Of Metal" celebrations. The screening occurred in Wolverhampton, United Kingdom (UK), close to an area frequented by Led Zeppelin.
This Is Real Democracy.
In 2011, Kutiman released his video, “This Is Real Democracy”. The video's intention is to raise awareness by using footage of people demonstrating in the streets and of world leaders (past and present); the video is Kutiman’s attempt to address and respond to the events that were broadcast through other social media feeds. Although some of the video sequences were harvested from YouTube, they mostly originate from a traditional media source—official TV stations—representing another new element in Kutiman’s work.
Kutiman generally refrains from making overtly political statements and speculations were raised regarding the title of the piece; discussions asked if “This is Real Democracy” was a reference to Mubarak, Netanyahu, Cameron and Sarkozy; or if it was in reference to the unleashed power of the people as they marched, protested, revolted or rioted.
Music Videos.
In addition to Kutiman's audiovisual collages, for which he has composed the music, Kutiman has also directed music videos.
Kutiman's first video was an animated music video created for his song, "Chaser", from his debut album. Kutiman's second animated music video was for Hadag Nahash's "Eze Kif".
In 2010, Kutiman worked with Karolina to create a music video for her hit song, "Smile 2 Me", which was shot in 150 different locations in Tel Aviv. The video has been displayed at Hammer Museum in Los Angeles, US, as part of the Flux Screening Series. Kutiman also received the Acum award for Karolina’s album, "What shall I Do Now?", which he produced with Sabbo.
"Light Up", Kutiman's video for Boom Pam, local surf rock heroes, was voted one of the "10 Best Videos" by City Mouse, one of Israel's leading websites. Kutiman utilized video projections that had been manipulated with various materials for the creation of the music video. The song embodies a semi-Moroccan rhythm, 1970s metal, "psych-fuzz", and is a tuba-driven song with deep, amusing lyrics.
Collaborations.
Sabbo & Kuti.
In the early 2000s Kutiman has formed a production partnership with fellow musician Ronen Sabbo and together they produced several Israeli artists, including Karolina, Ester Rada, Roni Duani and Shay Gabso to name but a few. The pair also released a few Reggae inspired singles & a full length album titled "Better Days" which was initially based on recordings the duo made in 2004 in Jamaica with local vocalists such as Turbulence, Norris Man and Milton Blake amongst others.
In 2009 Sabbo & Kuti produced Karolina's critically acclaimed full length album "What Will I Do Now?" and won the musical arrangement award by Association of Composers, Authors and Publishers of Music in Israel (ACUM). In 2013 Their production for the Ester Rada single "Life Happens" became the singers breakthrough hit and was the most played song in Israeli radio station 88fm, while Karolina's 2013 single "Shadow Of The Palm Tree" which they produced was the 8th most played song in Israeli Radio & TV according to ACUM.

</doc>
<doc id="20282402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282402" title="Jack Evans (Australian politician)">
Jack Evans (Australian politician)

John Gordon "Jack" Evans (28 November 1928 – 2 October 2009) was an Australian businessman and politician who served as an Australian Democrats senator for Western Australia from 1983 to June 1985.
Early life.
Evans was born in the Wheatbelt town of Southern Cross, Western Australia He was the eldest of three sons born to Bill Evans, a locomotive fireman, and his wife Rita. He was educated at North Cottesloe Primary School, Northam High School and Midland Technical School. A fellow student at Northam was the talented athlete Shirley Strickland with whom he was to maintain a lifelong friendship.
He obtained a position managing sporting and other recreational activities at the Railway Institute in Perth and, in 1953, married Margaret Michel. He became an electrical goods retailer in Perth and later the UK before returning to practise in Perth until the early 1980s as a management consultant specialising in corporate mergers and acquisitions.
Australian Business College.
In the 1980s Evans and family members founded the Australian Business College, Perth, which collapsed in January 1993 after controversial dealings with overseas students. An inquiry by the Senate Standing Committee on Employment, Education and Training found that 350 overseas students in Australia and approximately 100 offshore had lost approximately $2.2 million in advance fees paid to the college. Other issues were publicised by the Murdoch University Student Guild, including alleged misleading advertising and intimidation of overseas students by the College. In May, 1988, a group of more than 30 overseas students held a demonstration outside the college, calling for increased regulation of its practices. In subsequent court proceedings, Evans was convicted and fined $4,000. In 1998, Professor Alan Fels, then chairman of the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission, told an international conference on higher education that the ACCC's action against the Australian Business College "highlights the need for Australian educational institutions seeking to enrol foreign students to ensure that what is represented to the students is true".
Political career.
Evans unsuccessfully contested the 1975 Senate election as a Liberal Movement candidate. In 1977, as an organiser for the New Liberal Movement, he was closely associated with John Siddons, Robin Millhouse and others in formation of the Centre-Line Party which was later renamed the Australian Democrats. He has been credited with recruiting Don Chipp as leader of the new party for whom he unsuccessfully contested the 1977 and the 1980 Senate elections as the lead WA Democrat candidate. In 1980, he polled above 12% before losing the final seat to Liberal Noel Crichton-Browne in a tight preference count. 
He eventually gained election at the March 1983 double dissolution election on his third attempt as an Australian Democrats candidate. He was defeated at the December 1984 election, his seat being won by Jo Vallentine of the Nuclear Disarmament Party. 
At the Western Australian state election, 1986, he contested an Upper-House seat in circumstances which led to allegations that he had unethically negotiated Labor Party funding assistance in return for crucial election preferences. 
For the following Senate election in 1987, the party's membership selected him as the No. 2 Senate candidate, precipitating a bitter dispute and a second preselection ballot from which the first ballot winner, Richard Jeffreys, was excluded. Evans was again placed in the second position, deemed unwinnable, this time behind Jean Jenkins, who was successful at the election. In 1988, he survived an expulsion motion from the party's WA branch and for several years withdrew from constructive participation while conducting disputes with the party's WA administration and its national ombudsman. During that time, he mounted an unsuccessful Supreme Court action to prevent circulation of a national ombudsman's report, and acted as campaign manager to former party member Shirley de la Hunty who contested the Western Australian state election, 1989 as an independent candidate. In 1993, following the collapse of his Australian Business College, he returned to serving the party in senior administrative positions, both state and federal, and successfully supported and mentored the Senate candidature of Andrew Murray.
Death.
Evans died of cancer at his home in the Perth suburb of Wanneroo, aged 80, on 2 October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20282404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282404" title="Dyanand Chandila">
Dyanand Chandila

Dyanand Chandila (born 1954) is an Indian municipal counselor.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Dyanand Chadila was born in 1954 in the village of Khyala, New Delhi. He has gain his education from New Delhi and Uttar Pradesh. After his graduation he has done a three year diploma in NEHM,NTS.
Career.
Before joining politics in 1989, Dr Chandila was a non-technical supervisor in Delhi Development Authority’s engineering department. He quit in 1986. Dr Chandila insists he worked just for time pass. He belong to a zamindar family and do not need to work for money that what he said and got engaged in social service.
The Chandilas hold a unique record in Delhi’s political arena. Dr, Dyanand Chadila and his family has contested 5 elections from his constituency and people of the area has always supported him and elected him with a huge margin of votes.
Year 1997- Dr. Chadila and his wife Smt. Dhanwanti Chandila both contested the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (M.C.D.) election and won with huge margin as an independent candidate.
Year 2002-Dr. Dyanand Chadila and his wife again contested the election for M.C.D. and won with huge margin.
Year 2003 Dyanand Chandila contested for Delhi legislative election and he won with the heavy margin again Mahinder Singh Sathi because of his work done in the area as a M.C.D. counselor. During this tenure, he was backed up with the ever existing support of Praneet Arora [http://www.hindujagruti.org/activities/campaigns/national/mfhussain-campaign/view-20-9.php [http://humrahi.org/HumRahiMembers.html] who just being one-third of his age used to give him suggestions, valuable enough to stand apart and ahead enough even at the most disastrous moments.
Year 2004-Dr. Dyanand Chandila got his son Mehghraj into politics and he also got elected as a M.C.D. counselor.
Year 2007- Dr. Dyanand Chandila's son Meghraj and his daughter in law Meenakshi Chandila contested the M.C.D. election from Vishnu Garden and Khyala ward which are the part of Rajouri Garden Constituency. They both won with the huge margin because of the great work done by Chandila family in all these years in social services.
=Marriage and children.
In his family he has a wife, one son, Daughter-in-law, and three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20282417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282417" title="Timeline of the 2008–09 Australian region cyclone season">
Timeline of the 2008–09 Australian region cyclone season

This timeline documents all the storm formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, as well as dissipation during the 2008–09 Australian region cyclone season. The 2008–09 Southern Hemisphere Tropical Cyclone year started on 1 July 2008 and ended on 1 July 2009. The Australian region Cyclone season officially runs between 1 November 2008, and 30 April 2009. The timeline will also include information which was not operationally released, meaning that information from post-storm reviews by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center, and the Bureau of Meteorology (BoM), such as information on a storm that was not operationally warned on, will be included when its available.
So far this year, a total of twenty one tropical lows, ten tropical cyclones, whilst three of the Tropical cyclones have intensified enough to become severe tropical cyclones have formed. All Tropical Cyclone's in this basin are monitored by the Bureau of Meteorology (BoM), who run the Tropical Cyclone Warning Centres (TCWC) in Perth, Darwin and Brisbane, there are also TCWC's in Jakarta, Indonesia and in Port Morseby in Papua New Guinea which issue warnings for Tropical Cyclones between 90°E and 160°E. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center also issue warnings within the South Pacific, designating them with the P suffix when they form to the east of 135°E and S when they form to the west of 135°E. Within this basin all of the Tropical Cyclone Warning Centers in this region use the Australian Tropical Cyclone Intensity Scale. Whilst the Joint Typhoon Warning Center uses the Saffir Simpson Hurricane Scale. To avoid confusion, the JTWC storms are referred to numerically, as the JTWC sometimes recognises a storm at a different intensity compared to the Bureau of Meteorology.
Timeline of recent events.
Below is a timeline of the 2008–09 Australian region cyclone season, documenting all the storm formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, as well as dissipation. The 2008–09 Australian region cyclone season officially began on 1 November, and will last until 30 April. The first official storm, Cyclone Anika, developed 18 days after the official start, on 18 November. The timeline will also include information that was not operationally released, including post-storm reviews from the Australian Bureau of Meteorology, when it becomes available.
The graphical bar above gives a brief overview of storm activity during the season, and for convenience, the storm's maximum intensity is included as a colour bar.
Timeline.
April.
The 2008–09 Australian region cyclone season officially ends.

</doc>
<doc id="20282427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282427" title="French frigate Preneuse (1795)">
French frigate Preneuse (1795)

The Preneuse was a 44-gun frigate of the French Navy, lead ship of her class. She served as a commerce raider at Île de France.
Career.
In 1795, "Preneuse" was stationned at Rochefort under Captain Larcher. She was then transferred to the Indian Ocean station, commanded by Rear-Admiral Sercey.
In 1796, she was a Mauritius under Captain Ravenel, at Port-Nord-Ouest.
In March 1798, under Lhermitte, she ferried ambassadors from Mysore sent by Tippu Sultan to île de France to request help against the British. Near Tellicherry, "Preneuse" encountered two East Indiamen, the "Raymond" and the "Woodcot", anchored under the protection of coastal batteries; she attacked and captured the ships on 20 April, after a one-hour battle. She left the diplomatic mission at Mangalore, and sailed to Batavia.
She was soon joined by the 22-gun corvette "Brûle-Gueule", which ferried Rear-Admiral Sercey. The squadron sailed to Surabaya, where a settlement was established. A small mutiny broke out when "Preneuse" crew refused to let go of the British flags captured at Tellicherry; Lhermitte had personally to confront the mutineers with his sabre to re-establish discipline. He then had a firing squad execute five of the mutineers.
After a short stay at Surabaya, "Preneuse" and "Brûle-Gueule" sailed for a three-month cruise, capturing 40 British merchantmen. After returning to Subaraya, Sercey set his flag on "Preneuse" and the squadron sailed for île de France.
They arrived in May 1799, encountering the British blockade composed of three ships of the line, one frigate and one brig. The French ships reached Rivière Noire District, where they were joined by a number of coastal ships offering assistance. "Preneuse" and "Brûle-Gueule" anchored in the bay. They sent seven 18-pounders ashore and the French built an improvised fort to guard the entrance of the bay; it sustained a 3-week siege before the British retreated.
In August 1799, "Preneuse" departed for a patrol near Cape of Good Hope and Madagascar. On 4 September, she fought against five British ships. In September, she fought against a 64-gun ship of the line.
"Preneuse" also attempted to supply arms to the Graaff Reinet Republic of Adriaan van Jaarsveld. On the 20th, she sailed into Algoa Bay under Danish colours, when 16-gun ship-sloop recognised her. "Preneuse" exchanged cannon fire with "Rattlesnake" and the armed store ship "Camel", before retreating.
On 9 October 1799, as "Preneuse" neared Good Hope, the 54-gun HMS "Jupiter" encountered her and gave chase. After 22 hours, "Jupiter" gained on "Preneuse", and the two vessels exchanged fire. "Preneuse" managed to outmaneuver "Jupiter" and rake her; the British then retreated to avoid being boarded, and managed to escape.
On 11 December 1799, as she returned to Île de France, "Preneuse" encountered the 74-gun , under Captain John Osborn. "Tremendous" gave chase. As "Preneuse" closed to the land, the 50-gun , under Captain William Hotham, cut her escape route. While "Preneuse" was attempting to sail under the protection of the coastal forts at Baie-du-Tombeau, erratic winds drove her ashore. The British closed in and battered "Preneuse", which Lhermitte then deemed lost. He had the crew abandon ship, while he stayed behind with his officers, struck the colours and scuttled the frigate. British boats attempted to recover "Preneuse", but she came under fire from the coastal batteries and they abandoned the attempt.
The British took "Preneuse"s officers to "Adamant", where Commodore Botham treated them with courtesy. He released Lhermitte on parole the next day.

</doc>
<doc id="20282441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282441" title="The Chess Box">
The Chess Box

The Chess Box is a title given to several box sets released by Chess Records for artists such as Bo Diddley, Howlin' Wolf, Muddy Waters, Willie Dixon, and Etta James. The most prominent of these is the set for Chuck Berry, which won a Grammy Award for Best Historical Album in 1989. Berry's "The Chess Box" was reissued on vinyl in 1990.
Songs.
The songs "I'm Just a Lucky So and So" and "Time Was" were previously unreleased. "Cryin' Steel" was first released as "Surfin' Steel" on "Chuck Berry on Stage" and "Ramona Say Yes" did not have saxophones.
Another song of interest is "Chuck's Beat" which was released on "Two Great Guitars" which featured Bo Diddley.
Track listing for Chuck Berry box.
All tracks written by Chuck Berry, except as noted.
Personnel.
"Per Allmusic Guide"

</doc>
<doc id="20282477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282477" title="Ferid Heider">
Ferid Heider

Ferid Heider (born 1979 in Berlin) is a German Imam in Berlin.
Heider is giving khutbahs and lectures, especially for German born and German speeking Muslim teenagers, in several mosques in Wedding, Spandau and Neukölln in Berlin in German language.
He studied Islam in the Al Azhar University in Cairo and the Institut Européen des Sciences Humaines in France
He is married and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20282483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282483" title="William Bruce Pitzer">
William Bruce Pitzer

William Bruce Pitzer (April 13, 1917 - October 29, 1966) was an officer of the United States Navy whose death is speculated to have had some connection with the assassination of John F. Kennedy.
Life and career.
Pitzer joined the Navy reserve in 1934 at the age of seventeen and trained as an x-ray technician. After discharge in 1939, he worked for three years as chief x-ray technician at the Episcopal Ear, Eye and Nose Hospital. He re-enlisted in 1942 after the United States entered World War II. His obituaries listed him as "a consultant to the visual arts department of Montgomery Junior College".
Untimely death.
At the time of the Kennedy assassination, Pitzer worked at the National Naval Medical Center (NNMC) where Kennedy's autopsy took place. Pitzer's alleged possession of autopsy-related film and photographs is briefly discussed in the television documentary "The Men Who Killed Kennedy". A fellow naval officer of Pitzer's named Dennis David says that he viewed such materials in Pitzer's office at the NNMC, and that they appeared to contradict the official findings of the autopsy. At the time of his death, Pitzer held the rank of Lieutenant Commander. He was found in his office in the NNMC television studio with a single gunshot wound to the head. Pitzer's death occurred the same day that the Kennedy family agreed, through their attorney, to release to the National Archives several items related to the autopsy of the fallen president, including photographs and x-rays. The Naval investigation into Pitzer's death reported no evidence of foul play. He is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Allegations surrounding death.
Dennis David's recollections of the autopsy and of Pitzer's materials were first made public in an anonymous 1975 interview with the Waukegan, Illinois "News Sun". Since that time, Pitzer's name has appeared in many printed or televised lists of "suspicious deaths" having an alleged connection to the Kennedy assassination. Lt. Col. Dan Marvin (US Army, retired) says that when he saw such a list in 1993, it brought back to his memory an incident in the summer of 1965 in which he was asked by the Central Intelligence Agency to kill Pitzer. A naval colleague, Dennis David, said in a TV interview that Pitzer was left-handed but the bullet entry wound was on the right side of his head. This may suggest he was murdered. Pitzer is also sometimes said to have been present at the Kennedy autopsy at the NNMC, though he was not among those noted in official records.

</doc>
<doc id="20282540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282540" title="Aztec diamond">
Aztec diamond

In combinatorial mathematics, an Aztec diamond of order "n" consists of all squares of a square lattice whose centers ("x","y") satisfy |"x"| + |"y"| ≤ "n". Here "n" is a fixed integer, and the square lattice consists of unit squares with the origin as a vertex of 4 of them, so that both "x" and "y" are half-integers.
The Aztec diamond theorem states that the number of domino tilings of the Aztec diamond of order "n" is 2"n"("n"+1)/2. The arctic circle theorem says that a random tiling of a large Aztec diamond tends to be frozen outside a certain circle.
It is common to color the tiles in the following fashion. First consider a checkerboard coloring 
of the diamond. Each tile will cover exactly one black square. Vertical tiles where the top square covers a black square,
is colored in one color, and the other vertical tiles in a second. Similarly for horizontal tiles.

</doc>
<doc id="20282547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282547" title="Papyrus 120">
Papyrus 120

Papyrus 120 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1120, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John. The surviving texts of John are verses 1:25-28,38-44, they are in a fragmentary condition. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the 4th century (INTF). 
The text is written in one column per page, and 27 lines per page (reconstructed).
The manuscript is currently housed at the Papyrology Rooms of the Sackler Library at Oxford with the shelf number P. Oxy. 4804. 

</doc>
<doc id="20282555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282555" title="Lee Ware">
Lee Ware

Robert Lee Ware, Jr. (born August 20, 1952) is an American politician. Since 1998 he has served in the Virginia House of Delegates, representing the 65th district west of Richmond, made up of Powhatan County and parts of Chesterfield, Fluvanna and Goochland Counties. He is a member of the Republican Party.
Ware has served on the House committees on Agriculture (1998–2001), Agriculture, Chesapeake and Natural Resources (2002–), Claims (1998–1999), Commerce and Labor (2002–), Conservation and Natural Resources (1998–2001), Corporations, Insurance and Banking (1998–2001), Finance (2001–), Militia and Police (2000–2001), Militia, Police and Public Safety (2002–2003), Mining and Mineral Resources (1998–2000), and Rules (2010–).
Early life, education, career.
Ware was born in Fitchburg, Massachusetts. He received a B.A. degree in history and literature from Wheaton College in 1974, and an M.A. from Harvard University.
Ware taught history and government at Powhatan High School for 15 years. He later taught at Blessed Sacrament Huguenot Academy. In 2012 he became academic dean of Benedictine College Preparatory School.
Chairman of Natural Resources Subcommittee.
Delegate Ware is also on the House Agriculture Chesapeake and Natural Resources and is the Chairman for the Natural Resources Subcommittee. Delegate Ware has been the Chairman of the Committee since 2004 and during that tenure participation on the committee has dropped from 10 members down to 7. The Vice Chair position has been left unappointed for the committee. 
During the previous three session Delegate Ware's Committee has been used to kill the proferred Sunday hunting bills, despite passing the Senate in 2012 GA with a commanding vote. 
After the 2013 General Assembly in which Delegate Lee Ware's Natural Resources Committee suppressed many compromise Sunday hunting bills Roanoke College performed an independent survey that shows there is more in favor of Sunday hunting than are opposed. The independent survey asked the following question resulting these responses.
32. Current state law prohibits hunting on Sunday. Do you favor or oppose allowing hunters to hunt on Sundays?
There are multiple scientific studies in recent years which have repeatedly shown that Delegate Lee Ware and the Republican party is on the wrong side of democracy and the will of the people on this issue. Virginians and Virginia's hunting community support Sunday hunting.
2012 Quinnipiac Poll - 
Voters also back 48 - 40 percent lifting the current prohibition on Sunday hunting on private land. The issue shows substantial partisan split as Republicans back Sunday hunting 53 - 39 percent, as do independent voters 50 - 38 percent. Democrats disagree 48 - 37 percent. Men like the idea 53 - 34 percent, while women disagree 46 - 43 percent. 
2007 VDGIF Report
A SUMMARY OF VIRGINIA HUNTERS’ OPINIONS ON SUNDAY HUNTING
The 2006 survey results indicate that 53% of all responding hunters said they Strongly Supported Sunday Hunting in Virginia, compared to 28.5% who said they were Strongly Opposed. This question was measured on a seven point scale (1=Strongly Oppose, 4=Neither oppose nor support, 7=Strongly Support). When the categories were combined, 62% of responding hunters indicated some level of support for Sunday hunting compared to 34% who were opposed. 
"Delegate Lee Ware doesn't believe that he is harming the future of hunting of Virginia - one of only seven states with an outright ban on sunday hunting. He probably doesn't know (even though the NRA has reported on it several times) that Virginia is one of the few states that are not gaining hunters, and in fact, Virginia is suffering approximately a 3% attrition rate for hunting license sales - one of the worst in the nation. All this while moms and dads shuttle kids around on Saturdays, and on Sundays, have to fumble for an answer when their kids ask, "Why can't we go hunting after church, but we can go fishing and target shooting and bike riding?" 
Additionally, at the behest of a few of his constituents and all of his campaign contributors, his actions in maintaining the Sunday Hunting ban cost the Commonwealth approximately 4,000 jobs and nearly 300 million in revenues annually. Numbers that would likely increase significantly over time if the decision to hunt, or allow hunting was placed back in the hands of the citizens of the Commonwealth.
During the debate on February 1, 2012 in the Powhatan Today opinion section Delegate Ware expressed his concern over the dangers surrounding hunting activities in these quotes. “Bullets travel without regard to property lines—and so do shotgun pellets or slugs or even arrows from powerful-enough bows. And always, for an unsuspecting equestrian, there is the peril of encountering a hunter who misconstrues a horse—or a person—for a deer or any other game.” “Equestrians, hikers, bikers, picnickers, bird-watchers, fishermen, canoeists, kayakers: all of these wish, too, to enjoy Virginia’s great outdoors, often on Sunday—and they wish to do so without the threat inevitably posed by the presence of rifle- or shotgun-toting hunters.”
Electoral history.
Ware served two terms on the Powhatan County Board of Supervisors, 1988–1996. He was board chairman for one year.
On December 17, 1997, state Senator Joseph Benedetti resigned his seat to accept Governor-elect Jim Gilmore's offer to become head of the state Department of Criminal Justice Services. 65th district Delegate John Watkins was chosen to succeed Benedetti in a special election on January 6, 1998. On January 13, the day before the Virginia General Assembly convened, Ware won a special election to replace Watkins. He was sworn in three days later.

</doc>
<doc id="20282556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282556" title="Mineral trioxide aggregate">
Mineral trioxide aggregate

Mineral trioxide aggregate (MTA) is a dental material used in vital pulp therapy and some endodontic root canal procedures. Originally developed for perforation repair and root end filling, MTA was a refined (reagented) Portland cement Type I with bismuth trioxide for radiopacity. MTA has expanded its uses to one-visit apexification, pulp capping and root canal obturation and so on. MTA is expanding the meaning from Portland cement to all kinds of mineral aggregate including limestone cement, calcium aluminate cement, magnesium silicate cement, lithium silicate cement as natural ceramic cements widely. MTA is the name of specific dental product material, of mineal aggregate and radiopacifier of bismuth trioxide.
Composition.
MTA is composed of 1. tricalcium silicate, 2. dicalcium silicate, 3. tricalcium aluminate, 4. tetracalcium aluminoferrite, 5. calcium sulfate and 6. bismuth oxide. The later 4 phases vary among the commercial products available.
Original ProRoot MTA is a refined Portland Cement with Bismuth Trioxide as radiopacifying agent. ProRoot MTA is especially made by Portland Cement Type I, 55% (C3S), 19% (C2S), 10% (C3A), 7% (C4AF), 2.8% MgO, 2.9% (SO3), 1.0% Ignition loss, and 1.0% free CaO. A limitation on the composition is that the (C3A) shall not exceed fifteen percent. Main constituents of MTA are tricalcium silicate and dicalcium silicate naturally composed. MTA contains innated tricalcium aluminate (C3A)and tetracalcium aluminoferrite(C4AF). These constituents are determined to Portland Cement Type (I to V).
White MTA was developed for reducing of discoloration to tooth structure. It was eliminating C4AF (tetracalcium aluminoferrite) as iron (Fe)'s main discoloration induced element. The initial White MTA contained significantly lesser amount of aluminum oxide (Al2O3), magnesium oixde (MgO) and ferric oxide (Fe2O3) than grey MTA. The current White MTA was developed in 2008 with White Portland Cement.
- White Portland Cement - Limestone Silica Compounding Cement, main consitituent is Calcium Carbonate Cement of Limestone.
Rawmix formulation
"The characteristic greenish-gray to brown color of ordinary Portland cement derives from a number of transitional elements in its chemical composition. These are, in descending order of coloring effect, chromium, manganese, iron, copper, vanadium, nickel and titanium. The amount of these in white cement is minimized as far as possible. Cr2O3 is kept below 0.003%, Mn2O3 is kept below 0.03%, and Fe2O3 is kept below 0.35% in the clinker. The other elements are usually not a significant problem. Portland cement is usually made from cheap, quarried raw materials, and these usually contain substantial amounts of Cr, Mn and Fe. For example, limestones used in cement manufacture usually contain 0.3-1% Fe2O3, whereas levels below 0.1% are sought in limestones for white manufacture. Typical clays used in gray cement rawmix may contain 5-15% Fe2O3. Levels below 0.5% are desirable, and conventional clays are usually replaced with kaolin. Kaolin is fairly low in SiO2, and so a large amount of sand is usually also included in the mix. Iron and manganese usually occur together in nature, so that selection of low-iron materials usually ensures that manganese content is also low, but chromium can arise from other sources, notably from the wear of chrome steel grinding equipment during the production of rawmix. See rawmill. This wear is exacerbated by the high sand-content of the mix, which makes it extremely abrasive. Furthermore, to make a combinable rawmix, the sand must be ground to below 45 μm particle diameter. Often this is achieved by grinding the sand separately, using ceramic grinding media to reduce contamination."
Also newly developed fast set MTAs were developed by Pozzolan Cement or Zeolite Cement. These were used by pozzolanic reaction. Pozzolan Cement is a mineral aggregate with watery calcium silicate hydration.
Originally, MTA was formulated from commercial Portland cement combined with bismuth oxide powder for radiopacity , to make the material visible on a dental x-ray. However, dental materials are required to have high purity and be lead and arsenic-free, unlike portland cement, and dental companies have created materials to meet the dental standards (ISO 9917) for purity and performance (ISO 6876 and ADA 57). The original MTA was dark gray in color, but white versions have been on the market since 2002. ProRoot® MTA and MTA Angelus® brands are based on the original formulas for white and gray MTA, contain roughly 20% bismuth oxide, and are available as white or gray. Current tooth-colored MTA was marketed in 2008 by US Patent 7,892,342. Original MTA was formulated form Ordinary Portland Cement as Calcium Silicates, but current White MTA was developed by White Ordinary Portland Cement as different manufacturing process and different raw material of Calcium Carbonate (Limestone). Though chemical compositions are similar, the properties and activities are different by the raw materials' compounding technology. Oridnary Portland Cement is made by long-term natural process of heat and compression. But limestone silica compounding cement is artificially compounded by decarbonation and mixturing process of Lime (CaO) and Silica (SiO2) with Alumina (Al2O3).
Aluminum-containing phases, and calcium sulfate are minor phases present in some MTA products. Although some studies have shown an increased risk of developing Alzheimer's disease with environmental factors such the intake of metals, particularly aluminium; the neurotoxicity of calcium aluminate compounds has not been demonstrated.
Characteristics and products.
Originally, MTA products required a few hours for the initial and final setting, which is uncommon in dental materials. The first patented products were either gray or white ProRoot MTA from Dentsply. http://www.tulsadentalspecialties.com/default/endodontics/Ultrasonics/rootrepair.aspx
Newer materials are available that set more quickly and have added characteristics.
For instance, Angelus company has made MTA products similar to ProRoot MTA, but added a salicylate based sealer, have less than 20% MTA powder.
MTA Plus is washout resistant. MTA Plus may be used for 10 indications.
MTA Products:
Original ProRoot MTA Grey: Calcium Alumino-Silicate Cement (C3S, C2S with C3A)- Portland Cement Type I with Bismuth Trioxide. (ex. MTA Angelus Grey)
ProRoot MTA White : Calcium Carbonate alumino-silicate Cement (CaCO3 + SiO2 with Al2O3). Final phase is similare to Portland Cement. (Limestone Portland Cement)
-ex. MTA Angelus Blanc, EndoCem/Zr, MM MTA, Tech BioSeal MTA, Trioxident, most white MTAs.
Setting Time: Original ProRoot MTA is set by water. But for faster/quicker setting, there are hydration accelerants. Also Alumina more containing MTA can be set faster than less alumina containing MTA.
GIC solution is polyacrylic acid. GIC is alumino-silicate (glass) bioceramic cement. As MTA is mainly composed of calcium-alumino-silicate, PAA (polyacrylic acid) is an accelerant for MTA. PAA set MTA within 15–18 minutes. More aluminate, faster set. Also high concentrated calcium chloride (CaCl2, 70% more) is well known as accelerator of Portland cement. So high concentrated -over 70%- Calcium Chloride solution sets MTA within 12 minutes. Or Pozzolanic reaction is also faster set chemical reaction of calcium silicate hydrate. By this pozzolanic reaction, MTA Agelus, MM MTA and EndoCem MTA are pozzolan-calcium carbonate with fumed silica hydration for fast set. But pozzolanic reacted cement has lower compressive strength at 15 MPa maximum. Easy broken and easily removable property of pozzolanic MTA.
Alternative to MTAs - BioA, Bioceramic Aggregate
Mineral is ceramic in nature. MTA was used by mineral aggregates from natural resources. Instead of mineral aggregate, sythetic artificial pure calcium silicate is used for dental and medical products.
It is named as Bioceramic (chemically bonded cermic) cement. Recently medical graded calcium silicate based materials were developed. It is the replacement of MTA. So it is classified as bio-aggregates (BA or BioA). Hydraulic calcium silicate cements are integrated name of calcium silicate based materials. The examples are BioDentine and BioAggregate (DiaRoot).
Silicate based bioceramic is a glass ionomer cement (GIC) as restorative material. Calcium based bioceramics are calcium phosphate, calcium carbonate, calcium aluminate, calcium sulfate, calcium silicate, etc. However, as calcium phosphate, calcium sulfate and calcium carbonate are biodegradable materials, these are used for bone grafting material. As root canal filling material and root repair material is non-biodegradable material permanently, so calcium aluminate cement and calcium silicate bioceramic materials have been used for endodontic materials and restorative materials. Calcium alumino-silicate cement is a potential material. In root canal sealing/filling material, calcium based material with bioactivity is commonly used rather than alumina-based material of calcium aluminate cement because alumina is bioinert bioceramic.
BioAggregate was marketed after FDA approval in 2006, 2 years faster than White Portland Cement MTA in 2008. BioAggregate is newly pure medical graded calcium silicates (tricalcium silicate and dicalcium silicate) by 65% and calcium phosphate as admixture by 6% and tantalum pentoxide by 25% as radiopcifier.
This is the artificial name of bioceramic aggregate in opposition of mineral aggregate. Mineral is ceramic in nature, bioceramic is chemically bonded ceramic, artificial sythetic pure calcium silicates. So there is no toxic heavy metals and unnecessary heavy metals of iron, manganese, nickel, copper, zinc. Also BioA is not used by bismuth trioxide, but by tantalum pentoxide, zirconia, or calcium tungstate as radiopaque material. It is a differentiation from MTA, trioxide. Before MTA was developed, calcium phosphate bioceramic materials were developed as root-end filling material. But calcium silicate bioceramic materials have been used only as bone cement or admixture. After MTA is nothing but Portland cement (calcium-alumino-silicate cement), pure calcium silicate bioceramic materials were developed for root-end and root canal filling material. After researching, BioAggregate (DiaRoot) was approved by FDA and then marketed. It is an alternative to MTA.
Biodentine material is a newer tri/dicalcium silicate powder (aluminum-free) that is made radiopaque with zirconia, and has salt and other additives for quicker setting.
Biodentine is pure tricalcium silicate and dicalcium silicate with calcium carbonate by 20% and high concentrated calcium chloride solution as hydration accelerant. It is called as tricalcium biosilicate technology. Biodentine is also an alternative to MTA. - aluminum-free (non-tricalcium aluminate) and zirconia (ZrO2) instead of bismuth trioxide.
Brasseler offers paste and putty versions of tri/dicalcium silicate, including sealer, which set in vivo. The Brasseler products are based on the same free-tricalcium aluminate containing powders as Diaroot BioAggregate, Bioceramic Aggregate. These powders are very white, non-discoloration and are made radiopaque by tantalum pentoxide and zirconia or any other radiopacifying agents except bismuth trioxide. Brasseler's bioceramic sealers (BC sealer, RRM and RRM putty) are different from powderic bioceramic materials. The compositions are similar to bio-Aggregate, but the material is in paste-form of bioceramic gel formation. BioAggregate is an alternative to MTA. Bioceramic pastes are higher technologies of Bio Tech, Ceramic Tech and Nano Tech integrated technology based advanced bioMaterial (esp. Bioceramic Science) for dental and medical purpose.
These hydraulic Calcium Silicate based materials are alternatives to Mineral calcium silicate cements. Alumino-silicate bioceramic, Calcium Aluminate Bioceramic, Calcium Alumino-Silicate Bioceramics are developed for Root-end filling and root canal filling materials rather than mineral aggregate based materials.
Usage in some clinical cases.
Root-end Filling after Apicoectomy.
In root canal therapy where an apical infection is persistent, an apicoectomy may be required.
Flap is raised over the tooth and the root tip is resected and a cavity created (3–4 mm) in the root tip removed. Retrograde application of MTA to the root tip cavity is completed.
MTA was originally developed for root-end filling. There were several different materials such as amalgam, reinforced zinc oxide eugenol cements (intrim restorative material - IRM, super ethoxy benzonic acid , glass ionomer cement and composite resin for root-end filling after apicoectomy. MTA, a refined "Portland cement" - calcium alumino-silicate cement-, was found to have less cytotoxic and better results in biocompatibility and micro-leakage sealing ability, giving it more success over root-end filling materials. But MTA is not acceptable as "ideal root-end filling material" because MTA has some drawbacks of toxic heavy metal presence, discoloration, difficult handling, short working time, long setting time, washout before setting and washout after set (calcium carbonate based MTA has solvent of carbonic acid).
For ideal Root-end filling, there are many new materials or improved materials developed.
1. Glass ionomer cement: It is based on alumino-silicate based bioceramic material. Most cytotoxicity is caused by polyacrylic acid. So current GIC as root-end filling material is reducing the cytotoxic acclerator's concentration. - calcium alumino-silicate - MTA (calcium alumino-silicate) + GIC (alumino-silicate), calcium reinforced glass ionomer cement is developed. It's a promising material.
2. Calcium phosphate cement (hydroxyapatite) bioceramic material: CPC has been studied since 1985 in the US. Bone grafting material, artificial bioceramic CPC is developed for Root-end filling or pilot material in root-end filling and root repair material.
3. Calcium silicate based material - bioceramic material: It was known as bioceramic sealers. But actual bioceramic aggregates are composed of pure medical graded calcium silicate based material.
BioAggregate, Biodentine, EndoSequence RRM and RRM Putty are based on calcium silicate bioceramic material.
4. Calcium aluminate bioceramic material - (alumina cement in minerals, calcium aluminate cements in bioceramics)
Alumina is an initial fast setting element and high compressive strength. It has been used as dental products as luting agent. Calcium aluminate cement (bioceramic) has been developed for dental products and root-end filling material.
These newly developed root-end filling materials are based on bioceramic, chemically bonded ceramic, not by mineral (ceramic in nature) like MTA. Even if mineral shows higher biocompatibility, minerals have potential toxic heavy metals in material. Bioceramic or bioMaterial is used for medical and dental products. BioMaterials can reduce the issues on discoloration and toxic heavy metals' presence initially.
Internal & external root resorption & obturation.
In internal resorption… root canal therapy is performed, putty mixture of MTA is inserted in the canal using pluggers to the level of the defect. Gutta percha and root canal sealer are placed above the defect to complete the root canal treatment. In direct cases, the canal may be completely obturated with MTA.
The MTA will provide structure and strength to the tooth by replacing the resorbed tooth structure.
In external resorption… after root canal therapy is performed.
Flap is raised over the tooth and the defect removed from the root surface with a round bur. Retrograde application of MTA to the root surface is then completed.
Lateral or furcation perforation.
Lateral perforation occurs when an instrument has perforated the root during cleaning & shaping of the canal by the dentist.
If it happens, one should finish cleaning & shaping of the canal , irrigate the canal with sodium hypochlorite to disinfect it and dry it with a paper point.
The perforation can be sealed with a thick mixture of an MTA-type product, preventing bacterial ingress. Make sure that you can locate the canal while the MTA has not set and remove the excess material from the area.
Root canal sealer.
Several MTA products are available as sealer. MTA Plus has the highest percentage of MTA in its formula. As calcium based materials have washout property in dam, the antiwashout agents are used. The examples are chitosan and gelatin, which has been used with injectable bone grafting paste. MTA Plus is used with gelatin complex as antiwashout agent. MTA Angelus Fillapex sealer contains less than 20% tri/dicalcium silicate powder in a salicylate carrier medium. By element analysis, there is no bismuth oxide of MTA. Instead, MTA Fillapex is composed of calcium oxide and silica in salicylate resin like Sealapex.
EndoSeal MTA, Tech BioSeal MTA are also MTA root canal sealer. MTA is used as filler in the resin like MTA Fillapex. In epoxy resin based sealer, MTA is mixed with fillers. But it is not MTA based root canal sealer, but resin modified root canal sealer.
Newly non-MTA (Bioceramic, BioA) Root Canal Sealers: BioAggregate, BC Sealer, RRM, Biobinder, calcium aluminate bioceramic root canal sealer, calcium phosphate injectable Root canal sealers were developed and are devloped for root canal sealer. They are not a kind of MTA Sealer, but a BioA or Bioceramic based Sealer.
Brasseler Endosequence offers a pre-mixed sealer with a non-reactive carrier medium and the product only sets in vivo. Brasseler's EndoSequence bioceramic sealers are not MTA, but calcium silicate based material. Its medium is used with inorganic bioceramic gel type (non-biodegradable), which is different from organic agents of chitosan or gelatin (biodegradable). By bioceramic high technology, it is set by the water/moisture in the root canal and body. 100% hydraulic bioceramic without mixing of hardener before using. Root Canal Sealer is required by non-discoloration and non-toxic heavy metals and easy handling and higher biocompatibility, bioactivity and bacteria-tight sealing. These ideal requirements need more biomaterial than minerals.
Apexification (Necrotic pulp)
When the root is not completely formed in adolescents, but an infection occurs nd the pulp is not vital, apexification can be performed to maintain the tooth in position as the roots develop. In case of non-vital pulp: 1. Isolate the tooth with a rubber dam 2. perform root canal treatment. 3. Mix the MTA and insert it to the apex of the tooth, creating a 3 mm thickness of plug. 5. Fill the canal with sealer and gutta percha.
Apexogenesis (Vital pulp)
The process of maintaining pulp vitality during pulpal treatment to allow continued development of the entire root (apical closure occurs approximately 3 years after eruption).
1. Isolate the tooth with a rubber dam 2. Perform a pulpotomy procedure. 3. Place the MTA material over the pulp and close the tooth with temporary cement until the apex is completely formed.
Pulp capping.
In case of mechanical exposure that occurs during cavity preparation and not a pathological exposure due to caries.
Proper isolation should be completed using a rubber dam and cotton pellet.Disinfection of the cavity with sodium hypochlorite. then application of MTA over the exposure area. restoration of the cavity with amalgam or composite is done. MTA provides a higher incidence and faster rate of reparative dentin formation without the pulpal inflammation.
MTA Plus material is also indicated for base and liner in vital pulp therapy.
In root-end filling after apicoetomy, the anti-washout agent (chitosan or gelatin) is useful to prevent from MTA washout. But in vital pulp therapy, anti-washout gel doesn't increase bioactivity or bacterial tight sealing ability of MTA. Instead, hydraulic (100% pure water) MTA shows the higher success rate than anti-washout gel or resin medium. Resin Modified MTA or Calcium Silicate Cement was marketed already. TheraCal LC is HEMA-free resin modified calcium silicate cement (MTA-like, Portland cement Type III) light-curable for base and liner in vital pulp therapy.

</doc>
<doc id="20282581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282581" title="Astragalus layneae">
Astragalus layneae

Astragalus layneae is a species of milkvetch known by the common name widow's milkvetch. It is native to the Mojave Desert and surrounding mountain ridges in California and Nevada. 
Description.
This is a small perennial herb growing from a deep rhizome and producing erect stems no taller than about 16 centimeters. The leaves are made up of many oval to rounded leaflets, and stem and leaves are coated in gray-green hairs. 
The inflorescence is covered in dark hairs and bears up to 45 flowers. Each flower is between one and two centimeters in length and has white petals tipped and streaked in bright purple. The fruit is a hanging legume pod up to 6.5 centimeters long. It is curved in shape and leathery and hairy in texture.

</doc>
<doc id="20282586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282586" title="The Chattanoogan">
The Chattanoogan

The Chattanoogan and its website "Chattanoogan.com" is an online media outlet that concentrates on news from Chattanooga, Tennessee. It is published by John Wilson, previously a staff writer for the Chattanooga Free Press. The website was launched on September 1, 1999, and calls itself "one of the first full-service web-only daily newspapers in the country".

</doc>
<doc id="20282593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282593" title="Christmas in America">
Christmas in America

Christmas In America is a 1989 holiday album by Kenny Rogers.

</doc>
<doc id="20282597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282597" title="Grade I listed buildings in Essex">
Grade I listed buildings in Essex

There are over 6000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="20282609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282609" title="Albania under the Bulgarian Empire">
Albania under the Bulgarian Empire

The territory of modern Albania was part of the Bulgarian Empire during certain periods in the Middle Ages and some parts in what is now eastern Albania were populated and ruled by the Bulgarians for centuries. Most of Albania became part of the First Empire in the early 840s during the reign of Khan Presian. Some coastal towns such as Durrës remained in the hands of the Byzantines for most of that period. The castles of the inner mountainous country remained one of the last Bulgarian strongholds to be conquered by the Byzantines in 1018/1019 during the fall of the First Bulgarian Empire. During the Byzantine rule Albania was one of the centres of a major Bulgarian uprising. The last Bulgarian Emperor to govern the whole territory was Ivan Asen II (1218–1241) but after his successors the Bulgarian rule diminished. Much of that area corresponded with the Bulgarian historical region Kutmichevitsa.
Background.
During the 6th century the territory of the whole Balkan Peninsula including Albania was settled by the Slavs who came from the north. The Eastern Roman Empire was incapable of defending its Balkan possessions and most of the indigenous population found refuge in the large coastal towns while inland they were slowly assimilated by the Slavs. With the arrival of the Bulgars in the region during the 7th century, one Bulgar group led by Kuber settled in Macedonia and eastern Albania.
First Bulgarian Empire.
The formation of the Bulgarian state as a coordinated effort of Bulgars and Slavs under Khan Asparukh in 681 determined the political doctrine of the new state — incorporation of the Slavic tribes in the Balkans under the Bulgar rulers. The major successes over the Byzantines during the reign of Krum enabled the Slavic expansion to the south-west. In the 840s most of what is now Albania and Macedonia were annexed by Bulgaria ruled by Presian and his "kavkhan" (first minister) Isbul. After the Christianization of Bulgaria in the mid 9th century under Presian's son and successor, Boris I, many towns in southern and eastern Albania such as Devol, Belgrad or Glavinitsa became major cultural centres. That area including western Macedonia became the second cultural centre of the Bulgarian Empire under the influence of the Ohrid Literary School. That region was known under the name Kutmichevitsa. Around 896 the new and energetic Bulgarian ruler Simeon I seized more than 30 fortresses around Dyrrhachium, the only major town in Byzantine hands, but could not take the town itself. Dyrrhachium was captured in the second half of the 10th century by Emperor Samuil. In 996 Samuil appointed the noble Byzantine captive Ashot for governor of the town who later escaped to Constantinople. In 1005 the Byzantines managed to recapture Dyrrhachium after its new governor John Chryselios handed it over in exchange for the title of patrician for himself and his sons. In an attempt to recover following the disastrous defeat of the Bulgarian army in the battle of Kleidion (1014), Emperor Ivan Vladislav of Bulgaria launched an attack on Dyrrhachium but was killed in the battle marking the end of the First Empire. Resistance in separate fortresses in Albania continued until 1019 led by one of Samuil's generals Ibatzes.
Later rule.
In 1040 an uprising broke out in the area around Durrës under the leadership of the soldier Tihomir following the discontent of the Bulgarian population by the heavy taxes required by the Byzantine administration. Soon the rebellion encompassed the whole of Albania and the rebels joined forces with Peter Delyan who claimed to have been a successor of Samuil. Following the defeat of the Bulgarians in 1041 the Byzantines restored their control over Albania. In 1072 another uprising broke out under Georgi Voiteh but it was also crushed.
After the restoration of the Bulgarian state, most of eastern Albania was incorporated into the Empire by Kaloyan (1197–1207) but was lost to the Despotate of Epiros after his death. However, in 1230 the Epirote armies were decisively defeated by the Bulgarian Emperor Ivan Asen II and most of its lands joined Bulgaria without resistance including the whole of Albania. In an inscription in the SS. Forty Martyrs Church in the capital Tarnovo was written that he conquered ""the whole land of Theodore Komnenos from Adrianople to Durrës"". Due to the lack of a successor of age and the internal struggle among the nobility, Bulgaria lost most of Albania without any decisive defeat in 1256 after a humiliating treaty signed from the Bulgarian side by the Russian noble Rostislav Mikhailovich. That treaty cost the life of Emperor Michael Asen I. The decline of Bulgaria continued and the country lost its last fortresses in Albania under Constantine Tikh Asen (1257–1277).

</doc>
<doc id="20282614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282614" title="Co-op High School">
Co-op High School

Cooperative Arts & Humanities High School (referred to as Co-op High School) is a high school in the downtown section of New Haven, Connecticut. Founded in 1983 as a joint venture of New Haven and Hamden, it was originally known as the Hamden-New Haven Co-op. It was originally housed at the former site of Larson College (now Quinnipiac University) at 1450 Whitney Avenue in Hamden (now a privately owned elder care facility called Atria Larson Place).
In 1988, Hamden left the project, and the Co-op moved to the former St. John the Baptist School at 800 Dixwell Avenue in New Haven. There they were joined by the Center for Theater Techniques in Education (CTTE) which incorporated the arts into the academic curriculum already offered. The name was officially changed to Cooperative Arts & Humanities High School.
In 1990, the Co-op moved to the former St. Mary's High School building at 444 Orange Street in New Haven. They remained there until January 2009, when they moved to their current location at 177 College Street. The new building, designed by architect César Pelli, is a , $73 million state-of-the-art facility which includes a television studio, 350-seat theater with fly loft, black box theater, chorus and music rooms, 4 fully equipped computer labs, and academic facilities. 
Co-op is an arts magnet school that allows students to intensely practice their art major throughout the day, including music, theatre, creative writing, visual arts, and dance.

</doc>
<doc id="20282691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282691" title="Minnesota Atheists">
Minnesota Atheists

Minnesota Atheists is the largest atheist organization in the state of Minnesota. A 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that seeks to promote the positive contributions of atheism and to maintain the separation of state and church. They are affiliated with Atheist Alliance International, and the American Atheists. Minnesota Atheists is also part of the Alliance of Secular Humanist Societies, which is connected to the Council for Secular Humanism. The organization currently publishes a monthly newsletter, a weekly radio show and podcast called "Atheists Talk", and a community access television show by the same name.
History.
Originally founded as a Twin Cities chapter of American Atheists in 1984, the Minnesota Atheists was founded in 1991 as a democratic organization of atheists.
The Minnesota Atheists promote education and visibility in the community and responds to the push against atheism in the state of Minnesota. In 2013 the Foundation Beyond Belief awarded the "Humanist Communication Award" to the group for their work in 2012.
Public Outreach.
Atheist Talk.
Atheists Talk first aired January 13, 2008. The weekly program airs every Sunday Morning on AM 950 KTNF. They discuss areas of interest to the community including atheism, humanism, state/church separation, religion, ethics, science, and art. Guests include notable persons locally, nationally, and internationally including Ira Flatow, Neil DeGrasse Tyson, Richard Dawkins, and PZ Myers.
Sports Sponsorship.
In August 2012 the Minnesota Atheists, as part of their regional conference, sponsored the St. Paul Saints who changed their name to "Mr. Paul Aints" as part of "A Night of Unbelievable Fun". The St. Paul Saints' general manager reported some complaints, mostly from out of state. A representative from the group stating that "sponsoring a baseball game seemed like a good way to show that apart from religion, atheists are like everybody else." The same was done for their conference in 2013, "A Night of Unbelievable Fun, The Second Coming". The general manager states "We're looking forward to being an "Ain't" for the day."
Billboard Campaign.
In 2012 the Minnesota Atheists bought billboards one in St. Paul and one in Minneapolis to reach out the local atheists. Citing that similar types of billboards had been going up around the country, the billboards promote the idea that religious indoctrination should not happen to children. One critic called them "eye catching," another questioned one of the billboard placement near "religious centers." The billboards tied for second place in an "atheist billboard of the year" poll on the Friendly Atheist blog.
Legal Campaigns.
In March 2004, the Minnesota Atheists spoke out against President Bush's speech supporting a U.S. Constitutional ban on same-sex marriage. Stating that the Minnesota Atheists support the religious making and following their own rules but against these becoming civil laws.
In July 2011, Minnesota Atheists filed the only amicus brief in support of the appeal of Benson, et al. v. Alverson to support the couples in their effort to get rid of the law and argues the unconstitutionality of the Minnesota Defense of Marriage Act, noting the law’s theological basis. Stating “By denying the Plaintiff couples the right to marry solely because they are of the same sex, Minnesota law violates the due process, equal protection, freedom of conscience, and freedom of peaceful association provisions contained in Article I, Sections 7, 2, and 16 of the Minnesota Constitution.” Representatives from the group stated that when the case Baker v. Nelson was originally heard in 1971 they did not address the issue of religious freedom. A representative from the group also testified at the state senate hearings in March 2013.
Publishing.
The Minnesota Atheists managed a compilation of stories from atheists throughout Minnesota with a foreword written by Greta Christina. The publisher states "I wanted there to be a book out there that isn't a diatribe against religion, but just personal stories.” A review from Lavender Magazine called it an "intriguing exploration of atheism." A review from the Humanists of Minnesota called it "absorbing, unique, and compelling."

</doc>
<doc id="20282692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282692" title="Sarah Jane Parton">
Sarah Jane Parton

Sarah Jane Parton (born 1980, Lower Hutt, New Zealand) is a new media artist based in Wellington, New Zealand.
Biography.
Parton studied Design and Fine Arts at Massey University's College of Creative Arts, graduating with an honours degree in Time-based Art in 2003. She taught at the college between 2004 and 2006.
Her single channel video work, "she's so usual" (2003), was included in Telecom Prospect 2004: New Art, New Zealand - an inaugural survey of contemporary art at Wellington's City Gallery. Since then she has featured in a number of group shows and has held six solo exhibitions, including "Guidance" at The Physics Room, Christchurch and "The Way" at The City Gallery Wellington, both in 2007.
Parton currently lives in Wellington with her partner, musician Luke Buda (The Phoenix Foundation), and their two sons.
Parton completed the International Institute of Modern Letters Masters in Creative Writing in November 2012.
Exhibitions.
Solo Shows
Collaborations and Performances
Group Shows/Screenings

</doc>
<doc id="20282699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282699" title="Jardins d'Eau">
Jardins d'Eau

The Jardins d'Eau (Water Gardens, 3 hectares) are botanical gardens located in Saint Rome, Carsac-Aillac, Dordogne, Aquitaine, France. They are open May to October; an admission fee is charged.
The gardens are set above the Dordogne River, and contain 16 lotus species (Nelumbo and Nymphaea), and other aquatic plants including Caltha, Glyceria, Pontederia, and Sagittaria, as well as waterside plants including "Cyperus papyrus", "Gunnera manicata", Hosta, Iris, and Lobelia.

</doc>
<doc id="20282702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282702" title="Molyobka, Kishertsky District, Perm Krai">
Molyobka, Kishertsky District, Perm Krai

Molyobka () is a rural locality ("selo") in Kishertsky District of Perm Krai, Russia, located on the bank of the Sylva River at its confluence with the Molyobka River. Population: 374 (2002).
The village's history began with the foundation of the Molyobka factory by the Russian magnate Demidov in 1787. The factory was active until in 1904 the depletion of local ore mines prompted its closure. Nevertheless, a bloody battle for the factory had taken place during the Civil War.
In the 1990s, Molyobka gained fame among UFO seekers due to presumable paranormal activities taking place in the so-called "Molyobka triangle".

</doc>
<doc id="20282756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282756" title="Heinz von Allmen">
Heinz von Allmen

Heinz von Allmen (born 10 August 1913, died 11 November 2003 in Lauterbrunnen) was a Swiss Alpine skier and cross-country skier.
World Championships medals.
One of Wengen's most successful ski racers, Heinz von Allmen won the following races:
Heinz also won the Lauberhorn 7 times and the Swiss Ski Championships 9 times.
Brothers.
Heinz' two younger brothers, Marcel von Allmen and Otto von Allmen were also ski champions. Marcel was two-time winner of the Lauberhorn (1941 and 1944). Otto was 10 times Swiss ski champion, three times winner of the Lauberhorn, and champion of the Nordic/Alpine combined in 1944. The three brothers won 19 Swiss ski championship races, 19 Lauberhorn races, 4 World Championship races. In the period leading up to, and during, WWII, the brothers (along with Hans Schlunegger, also of Wengen), were champions in the combined Nordic/Alpine disciplines, which were dropped after the war because of the difficulty of training for all four events.

</doc>
<doc id="20282767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282767" title="Mexican Federal Highway 53">
Mexican Federal Highway 53

Federal Highway 53 ("Carretera Federal 53") connects metropolitan Monterrey, Nuevo León to Boquillas del Carmen, Coahuila near the Mexico–United States border.
Major intersections.
The northern terminus is at Boquillas del Carmen near the Mexico–United States border along the Rio Grande.

</doc>
<doc id="20282835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282835" title="Mexican Federal Highway 54">
Mexican Federal Highway 54

Mexican Federal Highway 54 ("Carretera Federal 54") connects Ciudad Mier, Tamaulipas, to Colima, Colima.
The highway joins Mexican Federal Highway 15 and Mexican Federal Highway 80 in the southwest part of Guadalajara. For 148 km (92 mi), the Federal Highway 54 designation is substituted by Mexican Federal Highway 54D from Acatlán de Juárez, Jalisco to Ciudad Guzmán, which is a toll road.
Across the southern Mexican Plateau, FH 54 connects Zacatecas in the southwest to Monterrey in the northeast at FH 57.

</doc>
<doc id="20282857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282857" title="Kolatan">
Kolatan

Kolatan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20282879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282879" title="Heritage High School (Ringgold, Georgia)">
Heritage High School (Ringgold, Georgia)

Heritage High School (HHS) is a public secondary school located in Ringgold, Georgia. It is in the school district Catoosa County Public Schools.
Heritage High School was founded in 2008. It was the first high school opened by Catoosa County, Georgia in three decades. The school's cost was $42.5 million. It was founded to alleviate the overcrowding at Lakeview-Fort Oglethorpe High School and Ringgold High School. Heritage High School is the "Home of the Generals". It has 72 classrooms. It also has a number of GHSA recognized sports such as football, wrestling, baseball, cheerleading, cross country, golf, softball, swimming, basketball, tennis, soccer, volleyball, as well as extra-curricular activities, such as the award-winning Legion of Generals Marching Band, yearbook, NHS, Beta Club, Key Club, FFA, FCCLA, FBLA, DECA, SkillsUSA, SGA, and FCA.

</doc>
<doc id="20282936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282936" title="Sergei Revin">
Sergei Revin

Sergei Nikolayevich Revin (born January 12, 1966 in Moscow) is a Russian cosmonaut that was selected in 1996, and completed spaceflight training in 1998. He served as a crew member aboard the International Space Station, having launched on his first spaceflight on 15 May 2012 and returned on 17 September 2012.
Personal.
Revin is married to Irina Setyanova, and has one son, Yaroslav, who was born in 2000. He enjoys tourism, skiing and water skiing, balloon flights, photo and videotaping.
Education.
Revin graduated from the Moscow Institute of Electronic Technology in 1989 and was qualified as an engineer-physicist. Presently he is a post-graduate student at the Moscow Humanitarian Institute.
Experience.
After graduation Revin worked as an engineer for the NPO IT, a scientific production organization of measuring equipment, in Kaliningrad, from 1989 until 1993. From 30 August 1993 until April 1996 he worked as an engineer at the NPO-Energia named in honor of Sergei Korolev.
Cosmonaut career.
In April 1996 Revin was enlisted to the NPO-Energia cosmonaut corps as a test cosmonaut candidate. From April 1996 to June 1998 he was taking basic space training course. On June 17, 1998 the Interdepartmental Qualification Board qualified him as a test cosmonaut.
From July 1998 to January 2011 he was a test cosmonaut of the Energia Rocket and Space Corporation. Since January 2011 he is a test cosmonaut of the Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center. From October 1998 to April 2011 he took advanced training course, specializing on the International Space Station Program. Since April 2011 he trained as the Expedition 29/30 backup crew member specializing as the Soyuz TMA flight engineer and the ISS flight engineer.
Expedition 31/32.
Revin served as a Flight Engineer for the ISS long duration Expedition 31/32 missions. He launched aboard the Soyuz TMA-04M spacecraft on 15 May 2012 along with Soyuz TMA-04M crew members Gennady Padalka and NASA astronaut Joe Acaba. Revin and his fellow TMA-04M crew members docked with the International Space Station on 17 May at 4:36 UTC. Revin, along with Padalka and Acaba, landed in Kazakhstan on 17 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20282939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282939" title="Baghdad Metro">
Baghdad Metro

The Baghdad Metro is a surface commuter train that operates in the Iraqi city of Baghdad. It is operated by the state owned Iraqi Republic Railways. It resumed operation in October, 2008. The train runs about between Baghdad Central Station and the southern neighborhood of Dora. It operates two round trips a day, one in the morning and one in the afternoon. The Baghdad Metro and the passenger train that runs between Baghdad and Basra, which resumed service in 2007, were the first two regular passenger services to resume in Iraq since the Iraq War.
The Baghdad Metro's rolling stock entered service in 1983.
In February 2009 Iraqi Republic Railways introduced a passenger service between Baghdad and Falluja. IRR intends in future to extend the service to Al Ramadi.
Politics.
Saddam Hussein launched the multi-billion-dollar subway project in 1983 to alleviate traffic congestion in Baghdad's streets. During the Iran-Iraq war the subway project was halted.
At a December 2002 press conference, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld spoke of "enormous miles and miles and miles of underground tunneling" that prevented the United Nations from properly inspecting Saddam's WMD stocks.
Hussein al-Shahristani, a scientist imprisoned by Saddam, told CBS' "60 Minutes" that "We believe now it is more than 100 kilometers of very complex network, multilayer tunnels." 
Future expansion.
Since the 2003 Iraq War, traffic problems in Baghdad have increased significantly, due to the creation of the Green Zone, and the reduction of car-ownership regulation. 
In November 2008, Baghdad mayor Sabir al-Isawi announced plans for a 2-line $US 3 billion expansion of metro services in the city which would be built pending funding. One line would run from Sadr City (previously called Al-Thawra or Saddam City) to A'dhamiya, while the other would link the center of Baghdad with its western suburbs. Each line would have 20 stations. In February 2011, an agreement was signed with Alstom, for the construction of a 25 km line from central Baghdad to the northern suburbs of Adhamiya, Al-Hurriya, Kadhimiya, and Sha'ab. Later in 2011 Alstom and the Iraqi government signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) for Alstom to design, build and operate a Baghdad–Basra high-speed rail line.

</doc>
<doc id="20282940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282940" title="Bala Şahağac">
Bala Şahağac

Bala Şahağac (also, Balaca Şahağac) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,379. The municipality consists of the villages of Bala Şahağac and Qamışovka.

</doc>
<doc id="20282941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282941" title="Nicholas Phelan">
Nicholas Phelan

Nicholas Francis Phelan (19 September 1893 – 14 December 1942) was an Irish Labour Party politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Waterford–Tipperary East constituency at the 1922 general election. He did not contest the 1923 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20282958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282958" title="Astragalus lentiformis">
Astragalus lentiformis

Astragalus lentiformis is a species of milkvetch known by the common name lens-pod milkvetch. It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada in eastern Plumas County, California, where it grows in scrub and coniferous forest.
Description.
"Astragalus lentiformis" is a small perennial herb forming a patch of spreading stems 10 to 20 centimeters long. The leaves are less than 4 centimeters in length and are made up of several narrow leaflets. Stem and leaves have a thin coat of fine grayish hairs. The inflorescence is a small cluster of 5 to 10 off-white or pale yellow flowers each a few millimeters long. The fruit is a lens-shaped legume pod less than a centimeter long which is hairy and papery in texture.

</doc>
<doc id="20282961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282961" title="Rüdəkənar, Astara">
Rüdəkənar, Astara

Rüdəkənar is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,479. 

</doc>
<doc id="20282967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282967" title="Anthony Lewis Vitale">
Anthony Lewis Vitale

Anthony Lewis Vitale (born November 30, 1965) is an Italian/Irish American film and television actor.
Early life.
He was born in Hailey, Idaho.
Career.
Vitale has primarily played character-actor roles.

</doc>
<doc id="20282968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282968" title="Şağlazüzə">
Şağlazüzə

Şağlazüzə (also, Şaqlazüzə) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,299. The municipality consists of the villages of Şağlazüzə, Siyakeş, Şıxməhlə and Həsin.

</doc>
<doc id="20282979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282979" title="Kolatan, Astara">
Kolatan, Astara

Kolatan is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,192. 

</doc>
<doc id="20282981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282981" title="Guido Agosti">
Guido Agosti

Guido Agosti (11 August 19012 June 1989) was an Italian pianist and piano teacher.
Agosti was born in Forlì in 1901. He studied piano with Ferruccio Busoni, Bruno Mugellini and Filippo Ivaldi, earning his diploma at age 13. He studied counterpoint under Benvenuti and literature at Bologna University. He commenced his professional career as a pianist in 1921. Although he never entirely abandoned concert-giving, nerves made it difficult for him to appear on stage, and he concentrated on teaching. He taught piano at the Venice Conservatoire and at the Santa Cecilia Academy in Rome. In 1947 he was appointed Professor of piano at the Accademia Chigiana (Siena). He also taught at Weimar and the Sibelius Academy in Helsinki.
His notable students include Maria Tipo, Yonty Solomon, Peter Bithell, Leslie Howard, Barbara Lister-Sink, Martin Jones, Donna Amato, Vladimir Krpan, Hamish Milne, Dag Achatz, Sergio Calligaris, Raymond Lewenthal, Kun-Woo Paik, Jean-Pierre Ferey, Daniel Pollack, William Corbett Jones, Angela Brownridge, Ian Munro, Geneviève Calame, and Eric van Griensven.
He made very few recordings; his recording of preludes by Debussy was highly praised. He also recorded Mussorgsky and Janáček. His piano transcription of Stravinsky’s "The Firebird" is in the repertoire. Agosti also made an edition of Beethoven's 32 Variations in C minor, WoO 80.
He played chamber music with the flautist Severino Gazzelloni and the cellist Enrico Mainardi, and with the Quartetto di Roma.
Ernest Bloch’s Piano Sonata was written for Agosti.
Guido Agosti died in Milan in June 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20282988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282988" title="Qapıçıməhəllə">
Qapıçıməhəllə

Qapıçıməhəllə is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 598. 

</doc>
<doc id="20282996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20282996" title="Lomin">
Lomin

Lomin is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 549. The municipality consists of the villages of Lomin and Vovlada.

</doc>
<doc id="20283002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283002" title="Şəvqo">
Şəvqo

Şəvqo is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 465. The municipality consists of the villages of Şəvqo, Avyarud, and Diqo.

</doc>
<doc id="20283022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283022" title="University Library Freiburg">
University Library Freiburg

The University Library Freiburg (German Universitätsbibliothek Freiburg, UB) is the library of the University of Freiburg. As an academic and research library, the University Library caters to students and staff of the University of Freiburg, the University of Education Freiburg, the Catholic University of Applied Sciences Freiburg, and the Protestant University of Applied Sciences Freiburg. The library is open to interested members of the public as well.
History.
When the University of Freiburg was founded in 1457 the libraries were most commonly attached to the respective faculties. In 1755, the various libraries were finally joined to form a common library and a new hall was constructed to house the inventory of books. The abolition of the Catholic order Society of Jesus in 1773 marked the end of the Jesuit presence at the university. The Jesuit order had been in charge of large parts of the university since 1620. Due to the suppression of the order, large collections of books from Jesuit libraries were transferred to University of Freiburg, leading to a rapid expansion of the University Library's stock. The secularization and reforms introduced by Emperor Joseph II of Austria subsequently caused the disbandment of several monasteries, further contributing to the increase in books.
The creation of a commission dedicated to acquiring literature in 1795 as well as the professionalization of the library direction led to a continuing prosperous growth of the library and its inventory. After the library had moved into a gothic revival building in 1903, numerous reforms to the organization were enacted. Various publications and exhibitions showed a new emphasis on public presence. During Nazi Germany, the University Library like the University of Freiburg itself complied with the racist laws and censorship of the regime. Due to the timely evacuation of many of books, the library was able to prevent the destruction of large quantities of its inventory during World War II, despite significant damage to the library building. The post-war years are characterized by reconstruction and the reorganization as well as expansion of the library's stock.
A new building was constructed in 1978 to house the library and its inventory, which by now had grown to become very extensive. New catalogs were introduced and a university library system including faculty libraries was implemented. In recent years, the expansion of digital volumes and new media has been a focus of the development of the University Library Freiburg. The podcasting service offered by the library was selected as a landmark in the initiative Germany - Land of Ideas sponsored by the German government and the Federation of German Industries.
Buildings.
The first hall serving as location for the University Library mentioned above was expanded in 1822 to ensure its continuous use. In 1903, the library moved to a gothic revival building, which is today known as the "Kollegiengebäude IV (KG IV)". In 1978, the University of Freiburg constructed a new building across from the "Kollegiengebäude II" and next to the Freiburg Theater.
The building consists of three underground and six above-ground floors. Due to structural damage and dated features, the University Library building is currently undergoing extensive renovation including a completely new facade in accordance with university plans for a new campus layout. The university called for architects to submit their proposals for the new building in 2006, with a team from Basel winning the bid.
In 2008 the University Library moved its stock and services out of the main building and into temporary locations. The former municipal hall (Stadthalle Freiburg), now designated Universitätsbibliothek 1 (UB1), and a building next to the student cafeteria (UB2) now serve as the core locations of the University Library until construction on the main building is completed in 2012/2013. The UB1 location is open 24 hours daily for students. As Stadthalle Freiburg it was used as a concert venue hosting many international acts.
Volumes and media.
With an inventory of approximately 3.6 million volumes, the University Library Freiburg is one of the largest libraries in the state of Baden-Württemberg. In 2007, the library saw over 2 million borrowings by around 36,000 active users.

</doc>
<doc id="20283055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283055" title="Phyciodes batesii">
Phyciodes batesii

The Tawny Crescent (Phyciodes batesii) is a species of Nymphalidae that occurs in North America.
Description.
The upperside is dark brown with orange and the forewing has a pale postmedian band with submarginal bands. The female's black submarginal band has dots. Both sexes have black and white antennal knobs. The wingspan is from 25 to 38 mm.
Life cycle.
Adults fly once a year between May and July. There is sometimes a partial second brood in Michigan. During this time the females lay their eggs in groups on the host plants. The third-instar caterpillars hibernate.

</doc>
<doc id="20283062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283062" title="2003 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters">
2003 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters

The 2003 Western & Southern Financial Group Masters was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 102nd edition of the Cincinnati Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2003 ATP Tour. It took place at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Cincinnati, Ohio in the United States from August 11 through August 17, 2003.
The tournament had previously appeared as part of Tier III of the WTA Tour but no event was held from 1989 to 2003. The women's tournament returned to the schedule in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20283064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283064" title="USS Wathena">
USS Wathena

USS "Wathena" has been the name of more than one United States Navy ship, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20283065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283065" title="TV Show King Party">
TV Show King Party

TV Show King Party is a quiz video game by Gameloft for the Wii. It is a follow-up to the WiiWare game "TV Show King", released earlier in 2008, and contains 4000 new questions, 2 new subject categories and gameplay modes and 70% more localized questions compared to the downloadable game. Despite this game, a Wiiware sequel for the original, TV Show King 2 was created, and released in NA and Europe on December 21/25 2009 respectively.
Gameplay.
Up to four players, represented by Miis, compete against each other in a three round trivia contest. Players are given timed multiple choice answers, with players selecting their answers on their screen with the Wii Remote, with the fastest lock-ins with the correct answer resulting in bigger prize money. Players can also take their chances for greater rewards by spinning a wheel with both good and bad outcomes after each round. At the end of the third round, the two highest scoring players are pitted against each other in the Final Duel to determine the winner.
This game features an elimination version, where a wrong answer eliminates you from the competition. There is also a 2-on-2 duel version and the return of the Quiz Attack for a solo player to see how many consecutive correct answers they can achieve.
Reception.
IGN gave the game a 5.8/10, believing that this expanded version of "TV Show King" does not live up to the expectations of a retail release, ultimately calling it a "blatant quick-buck product".

</doc>
<doc id="20283076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283076" title="Adidam Mummery Sacred Theatre">
Adidam Mummery Sacred Theatre

Adidam Mummery Sacred Theatre is a contemporary sacred use of the mummery theatre concept that has arisen within a small New Religious Movement named Adidam. 
The founder and Spiritual Teacher of Adidam, named Adi Da, wrote what is now called "The Mummery Book", (which he first began writing in 1957) expanded over many years into what he calls a “Liturgical Theatre”. It is performed at the Adidam Ashram (or Retreat Sanctuary) named “The Mountain of Attention”, located in Clear Lakes Highland in Northern California, at least once annually and often several times a year. It uses artistically talented formal members of Adidam with some professional help. 
The central theme, meaning and script content of "The Mummery Book" and its theatrical impact appear to be related (most closely) to this definition of mummery: "a ridiculous, hypocritical, or pretentious ceremony or performance."

</doc>
<doc id="20283114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283114" title="Mexican Federal Highway 35">
Mexican Federal Highway 35

Mexican Federal Highway 35 ("Carretera Federal 35") is the name given to two distinct highways in Mexico.
Federal Highway 35 in Jalisco connects Santa Rosa, Jalisco (near Acatlán de Juárez, Jalisco), to La Barca, Jalisco. The total length of the highway is 79 km (49.1 mi).
Federal Highway 35 in Nuevo León connects China, Nuevo León to Montemorelos, Nuevo León. The total length of the highway is 93 km (57.8 mi).

</doc>
<doc id="20283135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283135" title="Gettysburg">
Gettysburg

Gettysburg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20283160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283160" title="Mexican Federal Highway 101">
Mexican Federal Highway 101

Mexican Federal Highway 101 ("Carretera Federal 101") connects Matamoros, Tamaulipas, to Mexican Federal Highway 80 in San Luis Potosí.
It passes through Ciudad Victoria, the capital of Tamaulipas, and Tula. The route traverses the Sierra Madre Oriental cordillera.
'The Highway of Death'.
The highway is known by local residents as the 'Highway of Death.' Those who traveled through this highway in 2010 and 2011 used to see "burned vehicles, bullet-shot trucks on the side of the road, and dead bodies, often decapitated, that the cartels would leave behind." Others who have traveled through this highway and have survived car hijackings and checkpoints the organized crime groups have installed from Padilla to San Fernando have confessed what happens on the highway. A man who managed to survive a hijacking confesses on what he saw: The violence and constant car hijackings have been so bad that buses lines avoid Mexican Federal Highway 101 by driving out miles away to avoid the road. Another report from a woman who survived a hijacking said through "El Universal" newspaper that heavily armed men would stop buses at roadblocks, and then force women and young girls at gunpoint, "strip them naked, rape them," and then drive away in trucks, leaving the passengers traumatized. One bus driver, "who said he had avoided being stopped thus far," claimed that another bus driver at the station had said that 12 people were pulled down of the passenger bus just 30 minutes before him. Other witnesses claim that once the buses were stopped, gunmen would storm the bus and point at certain passengers and say "you, you're coming down," and take them at gunpoint. The buses were then ordered to leave.
During normal times, the Mexican Federal Highway 101 is the biggest and most important transportation system in the state of Tamaulipas, and it connects the state with Matamoros, Tamaulipas and Texas with the rest of Tamaulipas. Local residents mention that there is only traffic on this highway during daylight. As of 2012, they mention that the cartels "still kill people in San Fernando." The United States has issued travel warnings south of the border.

</doc>
<doc id="20283177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283177" title="Ilham Hussain">
Ilham Hussain

Ilham Hussain (born May 23, 1955) is the wife of Mohammed Waheed Hassan, the 5th president President of the Maldives. She runs the Maldives Autism Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20283179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283179" title="Kalliopi, Greece">
Kalliopi, Greece

Kalliopi () is a settlement in the municipal unit of Moudros, on the Greek island of Limnos. In 2001 its population was 264. It is situated in the eastern part of the island, 1 km southeast of Kontopouli and 1.5 km north of the lagoon Chortarolimni. The village's 3 km long beach is on the Keros Gulf. The gulf is east of the village and was an important port until the late Middle Ages. The name "Keros" meaning "horn" refers to its shape.
History.
The village was established around 1200. This may have coincided with the decline of the town Hephaistia. According to local folklore, the first settler was Kalliopi or Kalli, a rich resident of Hephaistia, who was expelled due to improper conduct. The settlement was formerly closer to the sea, near the present locality Ariones. The naval general Georgios Kapetanakis, active in the Greek War of Independence, came from Kalliopi.

</doc>
<doc id="20283223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283223" title="Jill Bauman">
Jill Bauman

Jill Bauman is an American artist. She has been nominated for the World Fantasy Award five times and nominated for the Chesley Award several times. Her art has been exhibited at the Delaware Art Museum, the Moore College of Art, Art Students League of New York, the NY Illustrators Society & and the Science Fiction Museum of Seattle. Jill Bauman has created hundreds of book covers for horror, mystery, fantasy, science fiction, and best selling books including 23 of the "Cat Who…" books by Lilian Jackson Braun during the 1980s and 1990s.
Jill Bauman got her Bachelor of Arts from Adelphi University. She did her Graduate work at Adelphi University and Queens College. She is a Life Member of the Art Students League of New York.
She was born in Brooklyn, New York, and she currently lives in Queens, New York and has two grown daughters.
Authors and magazines.
Jill Bauman has illustrated the written works of many authors of horror, mystery, fantasy, science fiction, and speculative fiction. Including: J. G. Ballard, Clive Barker, Gregory Benford, Lilian Jackson Braun, David Brin, Orson Scott Card, John Crowley, Jack Dann, Harlan Ellison, Paul Di Filippo, Ray Garton, Jonathan Gash, Brian Keene, Stephen King, Dean Koontz, Nancy Kress, Katherine Kurtz, Richard Laymon, Fritz Leiber, H. P. Lovecraft, Anne McCaffrey, Robert R. McCammon, Mike Resnick, Pamela Sargent, Dan Simmons, Peter Straub, Michael Swanwick, Chet Williamson, Jack Williamson, Gene Wolfe, and more
She has done artwork for many magazines. Including:

</doc>
<doc id="20283301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283301" title="Mexican Federal Highway 81">
Mexican Federal Highway 81

Mexican Federal Highway 81 ("Carretera Federal 81") connects Llera de Canales, Tamaulipas, to González, Tamaulipas.

</doc>
<doc id="20283319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283319" title="Vənəşikəş">
Vənəşikəş

Vənəşikəş is a village in the municipality of Burzubənd in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283347" title="Sipiyaəlfətik">
Sipiyaəlfətik

Sipiyaəlfətik is a village in the municipality of Şəmətük in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283363" title="Giləşə">
Giləşə

Giləşə is a village in the municipality of Siyaku in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283380" title="Barry Jones (cricketer)">
Barry Jones (cricketer)

Barry John Richardson Jones (born 2 November 1955) is a former English cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Worcestershire between 1976 and 1980.
Jones made his first-class debut against Oxford University at The University Parks in late May 1976. Although he made only 10 and 4 from number two in the order,
he was retained for the County Championship match which immediately followed. In this game, now batting at seven, he did no better, making only 11 and 1.
After this, Jones spent a long period out of the first team, returning only in August when he was given a short run but again made no significant scores.
During the 1977 season, Jones played in the First XI more than at any other time, turning out for 14 first-class and six List A games. In late August he finally made his maiden fifty, hitting 65 against Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
"Wisden" thought he had made "a steady advance" over the summer,
but statistically his season as a whole was disappointing as he averaged only 16.31 in first-class cricket and 8.80 in the one-day game.
From 1978 to 1980, Jones was in and out of the Worcestershire side, often getting chances but never managing a really big score. Indeed, he was to score only one half-century in 26 first-class games during that period, an innings of 61 against Oxford University in June 1978.
His most eye-catching achievement came in a Second XI match, when he hit a century in each innings versus Somerset II in August 1979.
Jones' career in major cricket ended after the 1980 season, though he continued to play minor counties cricket with Shropshire for a couple of years, and since 2006 he has made numerous appearances for Shropshire's Over-50s team.
Barry is currently an integral member and player of his beloved local club, Knockin & Kinnerley Cricket Club in the Shropshire League. The ambitious club are in the process of erecting a new pavilion, and with one of the best wickets in the County (kindly prepared by Barry himself) the Club are certainly moving forward into 2010 and beyond.
His brother Bryan Jones made 20 List A appearances for Shropshire and played one Youth Test for England.

</doc>
<doc id="20283400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283400" title="Siyakeş">
Siyakeş

Siyakeş is a village in the municipality of Şağlazüzə in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283407" title="Johann Gildemeister">
Johann Gildemeister

Johann Gildemeister (July 20, 1812 – March 11, 1890) was a German Orientalist who was a native of Kröpelin.
Biography.
He studied Oriental languages and theology at the Universities of Göttingen and Bonn, graduating from the latter institution in 1838. Following a study trip to Leiden and Paris, he became a lecturer at Bonn, where he taught classes in Sanskrit, Oriental languages and literature as well as Old Testament exegesis. Later he served as an associate professor of Oriental languages (1844). In 1845, he relocated to the University of Marburg as a professor of theology and Oriental literature. In 1859, he returned to Bonn as a professor.
He died in Bonn (1890), at the age of 77.
Works.
With historian Heinrich von Sybel, he was the author of ""Der heilige Rock zu Trier und die zwanzig andern heiligen ungenähten Röcke", a controversial work that argued against the authenticity of the Holy Coat of Trier. Other noted publications by Gildemeister include:

</doc>
<doc id="20283411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283411" title="Şıxməhlə">
Şıxməhlə

Şıxməhlə is a village in the municipality of Şağlazüzə in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20283413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283413" title="Mexican Federal Highway 80">
Mexican Federal Highway 80

Mexican Federal Highway 80 ("Carretera Federal 80") connects Tampico, Tamaulipas, to San Patricio, Jalisco. Federal Highway 80 also connects the city of Guadalajara to the south coast in Jalisco. The highway runs through the towns of Acatlán de Juárez, Villa Corona, Cocula, Tecolotlán, Unión de Tula, Autlán, La Huerta, Casimiro Castillo, and San Patricio (Melaque).
Mexican Federal Highway 80 is interrupted in two different sections (as outlined by the SCT) of the otherwise contiguous route: Along Mexican Federal Highway 57 for 109.62 km from the city of San Luis Potosí to El Huizache in San Luis Potosí and along Mexican Federal Highway 85 for 31.1 km from Antiguo Morelos to Ciudad Mante in Tamaulipas.

</doc>
<doc id="20283417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283417" title="Həsin">
Həsin

Həsin is a village in the municipality of Şağlazüzə in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20283423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283423" title="FKG inequality">
FKG inequality

In mathematics, the Fortuin–Kasteleyn–Ginibre (FKG) inequality is a correlation inequality, a fundamental tool in statistical mechanics and probabilistic combinatorics (especially random graphs and the probabilistic method), due to . Informally, it says that in many random systems, increasing events are positively correlated, while an increasing and a decreasing event are negatively correlated.
An earlier version, for the special case of i.i.d. variables, called Harris inequality, is due to , see . One generalization of the FKG inequality is the below, and an even further generalization is the Ahlswede–Daykin "four functions" theorem (1978). Furthermore, it has the same conclusion as the Griffiths inequalities, but the hypotheses are different.
The inequality.
Let formula_1 be a finite distributive lattice, and "μ" a nonnegative function on it, that is assumed to satisfy the (FKG) lattice condition (sometimes a function satisfying this condition is called log supermodular) i.e.,
for all "x", "y" in the lattice formula_1.
The FKG inequality then says that for any two monotonically increasing functions "ƒ" and "g" on formula_1, the following positive correlation inequality holds:
The same inequality (positive correlation) is true when both "ƒ" and "g" are decreasing. If one is increasing and the other is decreasing, then they are negatively correlated and the above inequality is reversed.
Similar statements hold more generally, when formula_1 is not necessarily finite, not even countable. In that case, "μ" has to be a finite measure, and the lattice condition has to be defined using cylinder events; see, e.g., Section 2.2 of .
For proofs, see the original or the Ahlswede–Daykin inequality (1978). Also, a rough sketch is given below, due to , using a Markov chain coupling argument.
Variations on terminology.
The lattice condition for "μ" is also called multivariate total positivity, and sometimes the strong FKG condition; the term (multiplicative) FKG condition is also used in older literature.
The property of "μ" that increasing functions are positively correlated is also called having positive associations, or the weak FKG condition.
Thus, the FKG theorem can be rephrased as "the strong FKG condition implies the weak FKG condition".
A special case: the Harris inequality.
If the lattice formula_1 is totally ordered, then the lattice condition is satisfied trivially for any measure "μ". For this case, the FKG inequality is Chebyshev's sum inequality: if the two increasing functions take on values formula_8 and formula_9, then (we may assume that the measure "μ" is uniform) 
More generally, for any probability measure "μ" on formula_11 and increasing functions "ƒ" and "g", 
which follows immediately from
The lattice condition is trivially satisfied also when the lattice is the product of totally ordered lattices, formula_14, and formula_15 is a product measure. Often all the factors (both the lattices and the measures) are identical, i.e., "μ" is the probability distribution of i.i.d. random variables.
The FKG inequality for the case of a product measure is known also as the Harris inequality after Harris , who found and used it in his study of percolation in the plane. A proof of the Harris inequality that uses the above double integral trick on formula_11 can be found, e.g., in Section 2.2 of .
Simple examples.
A typical example is the following. Color each hexagon of the infinite honeycomb lattice black with probability formula_17 and white with probability formula_18, independently of each other. Let "a, b, c, d" be four hexagons, not necessarily distinct. Let formula_19 and formula_20 be the events that there is a black path from "a" to "b", and a black path from "c" to "d", respectively. Then the Harris inequality says that these events are positively correlated: formula_21. In other words, assuming the presence of one path can only increase the probability of the other.
Similarly, if we randomly color the hexagons inside an formula_22 rhombus-shaped hex board, then the events that there is black crossing from the left side of the board to the right side is positively correlated with having a black crossing from the top side to the bottom. On the other hand, having a left-to-right black crossing is negatively correlated with having a top-to-bottom white crossing, since the first is an increasing event (in the amount of blackness), while the second is decreasing. In fact, in any coloring of the hex board exactly one of these two events happen — this is why hex is a well-defined game.
In the Erdős–Rényi random graph, the existence of a Hamiltonian cycle is negatively correlated with the 3-colorability of the graph, since the first is an increasing event, while the latter is decreasing.
Beyond product measures.
In statistical mechanics, the usual source of measures that satisfy the lattice condition (and hence the FKG inequality) is the following:
If formula_23 is an ordered set (such as formula_24), and formula_25 is a finite or infinite graph, then the set formula_26 of formula_23-valued configurations is a poset that is a distributive lattice.
Now, if formula_28 is a submodular potential (i.e., a family of functions
one for each finite formula_30, such that each formula_31 is submodular), then one defines the corresponding Hamiltonians as
If "μ" is an extremal Gibbs measure for this Hamiltonian on the set of configurations formula_33, then it is easy to show that "μ" satisfies the lattice condition, see .
A key example is the Ising model on a graph formula_25. Let formula_35, called spins, and formula_36. Take the following potential:
Submodularity is easy to check; intuitively, taking the min or the max of two configurations tends to decrease the number of disagreeing spins. Then, depending on the graph formula_25 and the value of formula_39, there could be one or more extremal Gibbs measures, see, e.g., and .
A generalization: the Holley inequality.
The Holley inequality, due to , states that the expectations
of a monotonically increasing function "ƒ" on a finite distributive lattice formula_1 with respect to two positive functions "μ"1, "μ"2 on the lattice satisfy the condition
provided the functions satisfy the Holley condition (criterion)
for all "x", "y" in the lattice.
To recover the FKG inequality: If "μ" satisfies the lattice condition and "ƒ" and "g" are increasing functions on formula_1, then "μ"1("x")="g"("x")"μ"("x") and "μ"2("x")="μ"("x") will satisfy the lattice-type condition of the Holley inequality. Then the Holley inequality states that
which is just the FKG inequality.
As for FKG, the Holley inequality follows from the Ahlswede–Daykin inequality.
Weakening the lattice condition: monotonicity.
Consider the usual case of formula_1 being a product formula_47 for some finite set formula_48. The lattice condition on "μ" is easily seen to imply the following monotonicity, which has the virtue that it is often easier to check than the lattice condition:
Whenever one fixes a vertex formula_49 and two configurations "φ" and "ψ" outside "v" such that formula_50 for all formula_51, the "μ"-conditional distribution of "φ(v)" given formula_52 stochastically dominates the "μ"-conditional distribution of "ψ(v)" given formula_53.
Now, if "μ" satisfies this monotonicity property, that is already enough for the FKG inequality (positive associations) to hold.
Here is a rough sketch of the proof, due to : starting from any initial configuration on formula_48, one can run a simple Markov chain (the Metropolis algorithm) that uses independent Uniform[0,1] random variables to update the configuration in each step, such that the chain has a unique stationary measure, the given "μ". The monotonicity of "μ" implies that the configuration at each step is a monotone function of independent variables, hence the implies that it has positive associations. Therefore, the limiting stationary measure "μ" also has this property.
The monotonicity property has a natural version for two measures, saying that "μ"1 conditionally pointwise dominates "μ"2. It is again easy to see that if "μ"1 and "μ"2 satisfy the lattice-type condition of the , then "μ"1 conditionally pointwise dominates "μ"2. On the other hand, a Markov chain coupling argument similar to the above, but now without invoking the Harris inequality, shows that conditional pointwise domination, in fact, implies stochastically domination. Stochastic domination is equivalent to saying that formula_55 for all increasing "ƒ", thus we get a proof of the Holley inequality. (And thus also a proof of the FKG inequality, without using the Harris inequality.)
See and for details.

</doc>
<doc id="20283433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283433" title="Qanqalaş">
Qanqalaş

Qanqalaş is a village in the municipality of Miki in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283450" title="Vaqadi">
Vaqadi

Vaqadi is a village in the municipality of Miki in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20283454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283454" title="Lobir">
Lobir

Lobir is a village in the municipality of Miki in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20283458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283458" title="Giləparqo">
Giləparqo

Giləparqo is a village in the municipality of Miki in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283494" title="Vıləşə">
Vıləşə

Vıləşə is a village in the municipality of Rinə in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283498" title="Mexican Federal Highway 120">
Mexican Federal Highway 120

Mexican Federal Highway 120 ("Carretera Federal 120") connects La Placita de Morelos, Michoacán, to Mexican Federal Highway 85 in San Luis Potosí. Federal Highway 120 is split into two segments: the first segment travels from Xilitla, San Luis Potosí in the north to San José, Michoacán in the south. The second segment travels from Quiroga, Michoacán in the north to Tepalcatepec in the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20283508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283508" title="Taxtakəran">
Taxtakəran

Taxtakəran is a village in the municipality of Rinə in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283525" title="Bili, Azerbaijan">
Bili, Azerbaijan

Bili is a village in the municipality of Marzəsə in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20283532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283532" title="Bio, Azerbaijan">
Bio, Azerbaijan

Bio is a village in the municipality of Marzəsə in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20283540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283540" title="Sıhəkəran">
Sıhəkəran

Sıhəkəran is a village in the municipality of Marzəsə in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283551" title="Lələkəpeştə">
Lələkəpeştə

Lələkəpeştə is a village in the municipality of Vaqo in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283559" title="Liəzi">
Liəzi

Liəzi is a village in the municipality of Vaqo in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283560" title="Astragalus leucolobus">
Astragalus leucolobus

Astragalus leucolobus is a species of milkvetch known by the common names Bear Valley milkvetch and Bear Valley woollypod. 
Distribution.
It is endemic to the mountain ranges of southern California, where it is known from scattered occurrences in the San Gabriel, San Bernardino, and San Jacinto Mountains. It is a plant of mountain forest and woodland. 
Description.
This is a small perennial herb forming a low clump of spreading stems and woolly leaves. The stems are less than 7 centimeters in length and bear leaves made up of many oval-shaped, pointed leaflets. 
An inflorescence of 5 to 13 flowers rises above the clump of herbage. Each flower is pinkish purple and is between one and two centimeters long. The fruit is a densely woolly white legume pod with a bent tip.

</doc>
<doc id="20283609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283609" title="Mexican Federal Highway 45">
Mexican Federal Highway 45

Mexican Federal Highway 45 ("Carretera Federal 45") connects Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, to Panales, Hidalgo. The highway is operated by the Federal Government of Mexico through the management of the Ministry of Communications and Transport Custody is the responsibility of "The Federal Highway Police", which in turn is part of the Federal Police (Mexico) (PF).
It is located in the north of Mexico connecting Portezuelo in Hidalgo to Ciudad Juárez in Chihuahua. This road itself is part of the Pan-American Highway.
The cities that are connected from north to south: Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, Chihuahua, Zacatecas, Zacatecas, San Francisco de los Romo, Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes, León, Guanajuato, Irapuato, Celaya, Guanajuato, Salamanca, Guanajuato and Querétaro, Querétaro.

</doc>
<doc id="20283635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283635" title="Vəznəş">
Vəznəş

Vəznəş is a village in the municipality of Siyətük in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283637" title="Codex Bodley">
Codex Bodley

The Codex Bodley is an important pictographic manuscript, and example of the native Mixtec historiography. It was named after the colloquial name of the Bodleian Library, where it has been stored since the 17th century.
While the exact dates of its creation are difficult to establish, judging from its content, it was completed shortly before the 1521 Spanish conquest of Mexico.
History of Codex Bodley
As stated the history of Codex Bodley before becoming a piece of history in the Bodleian Library at the University of Oxford, England in the beginning of the 17th century is not known by archaeologist. J. Eric Thompson, British archaeologist, suggested that the manuscript's previous owner was the Bishop Heronymous Osorius of Faro, Portugal. This was then looted by Robert Devereux, the Earl of Essex, and given to his friend Thomas Bodley. This is just speculation but this idea presented is possible, since the West Indies fleets and their home ports were being looted by Phillip II's counter armadas.
The codex tells us that it was completed sometime after 1500 AD because in each of the stories the people who marry are alive at that time. The codex has two stories that are completed; the obverse and the reverse. The obverse consists of pages 1 through 20 while the reverse starts on page 40 and finishes on page 21. The obverse ends with the genealogy of the story and names Lord Four Deer as the last lord of the Tilantongo dynasty. On the other hand, Page 21 of the reverse names Lord Eight Grass as being the last king of Tiaxiaco.
Physical Characteristics
The codex is described by Alfonso Caso. He describes the codex as being made of deerskin that is 22 feet long and 10 inches wide. Then the skin was folded to make the distinct pages. These individual pages are then covered with a white base paint coat and then divided with red bands that extend horizontally. The observe has five bands while the reverse is only divided into four.
As you can see in the diagram the text is read by following the horizontal red lines that form the bands. The observe is easy to follow, it begins on page 1, band V and ends on page 20, band III. The reverse is a little more complicated, it has additional information to follow the story and genealogy information.
Here is an example of one of the pages.
As you can see, the individual pages of the codex are in poor shape with most of the pictures missing chunks of the drawing. The individual drawings represent different people and their locations. It is remarkable that the people of this time understood the drawings. But even more crazy that archaeologist today can decipher what these different drawings are trying to portray.
Codex Content
The Codex Bodley is pretty complicated when trying to understand but once it is understood, the information that it gives pertaining to the royal families of Mixteca Alta, Oaxaca between the 10th and 16th century is very helpful.
The Foundation for the Advancement of Mesoamerican Studies, Inc(FAMSI) picks apart each page and tries to describe the relationships that are occurring in Mesoamerica at this time. It also give images of each page of the Codex which are pretty interesting by themselves.
What is Gained from the Codex
The codex is a great challenge to try and decipher. Archaeologist main interest in the Codex Bodley, however, is why did the creators of this codex include so many different dynasties and why is the history written from both the Tilantongo and Tiaxiaco. Both Tilantongo and Tiaxiaco are cities in the Mexican State of Oaxaca. In 1949, Alfonso Caso created a Colonial map which helped in the Relacion de Teozacoalco called the Mapa de Teozacoalco. In creating this colonial map he was able to find the primary line of descent for the royal family of Tilantongo and how the family affected Teozacoalco after the creation sagas that are described in the story of War of Heaven and Eight Deer Stories. The Tilantongo people had an isolated past but the Eight Deer story connects this poor past with its successful future of being the highest ranked dynasty in the Mixteca.
The interesting thing is that the reverse of the Codex Bodley tells the story from a completely different view. It starts off by describing Apoala as a creation place in contrast to Achiutla described in the observe. The reverse first describes the royal house of the Red and White Bundle after the War of Heaven. This is the rival family to the Tilantongo. Four Wind's biography is then used to connect a remote past that the family of the Red and White Bundle had to the promising future of Tiaxiaco.
Here is the genealogy of the Tilantongo, Jaltepec, and Red and White Bundle.
References.
Pohl, John. "FAMSI - John Pohl's - Ancient Books - Mixtec Group Codices - Codex Bodley." FAMSI - John Pohl's - Ancient Books - Mixtec Group Codices - Codex Bodley. Foundation for the Advancement of Mesoamerica Studies Inc, n.d. Web. 17 Nov. 2013. <http://www.famsi.org/research/pohl/jpcodices/bodley/>.

</doc>
<doc id="20283643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283643" title="Sipiyyəd">
Sipiyyəd

Sipiyyəd is a village in the municipality of Dolu in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283657" title="Çükəş">
Çükəş

Çükəş is a village in the municipality of Sipiyəpart in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20283664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283664" title="Dəstor">
Dəstor

Dəstor is a village in the municipality of Asxanakəran in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283670" title="Vələparqo">
Vələparqo

Vələparqo is a village in the municipality of Motolayataq in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20283675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283675" title="Uncial 0210">
Uncial 0210

Uncial 0210 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 7th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of John 5:44; 6:1-2,41-42, on 2 parchment leaves (10 cm by 7 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 8 lines per page, in uncial letters.
The leaves are paginated.
The text-type of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. It means, it has a historical importance.
In John 6:1 it reads της θαλασσης της Τιβεριαδος for της θαλασσης της Γαλιλαιας της Τιβεριαδος, the reading of the codex is supported by 1242, 1344, 2174, ℓ "184";
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th century.
The manuscript was found in Fayum and brought to Berlin.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex currently is housed at the Staatliche Museen zu Berlin (P. 3607, 3623) in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20283676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283676" title="Mexican Federal Highway 130">
Mexican Federal Highway 130

Mexican Federal Highway 130 ("Carretera Federal 130") connects Tuxpan, Veracruz to Pachuca, Hidalgo. Mexican Federal Highway 130 includes a short 30 km (18.6 mi) connector route from south of Tuxpan to Tihuatlán that is not connected directly to the rest of the highway. The main segment of Federal Highway 130 begins in the east in Poza Rica, Veracruz.

</doc>
<doc id="20283683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283683" title="Tony Charmoli">
Tony Charmoli

Tony Charmoli (born June 11, 1922), an American dancer, choreographer, and director, began dancing on Broadway in such shows as "Make Mine Manhattan" but soon began choreographing for television with "Stop the Music" in 1949. Charmoli then choreographed dance sequences for the popular "Your Hit Parade", winning his first Emmy Award in 1955. He went on to choreograph for some of the biggest stars including Dinah Shore, Lily Tomlin, Danny Kaye, Julie Andrews, Cyd Charisse, Shirley MacLaine, Mitzi Gaynor, and others. On Broadway, Tony choreographed "Ankles Aweigh" (1955) and "Woman of the Year" (1981) with Lauren Bacall. More recently he has focused his talents on directing for television, where he has directed such programs as the famous 1977 production of "The Nutcracker" starring Mikhail Baryshnikov, which was nominated for two Emmys (neither nomination was for Charmoli, however). He choreographed nearly all of Mitzi Gaynor's television specials in the 1970s as well as two of Shirley MacLaine's. He also worked many times with Sid and Marty Krofft, directing all seventeen episodes of "Lidsville" and "The Bugaloos" respectively, as well as their special "Fol-de-Rol". He also directed the first two years of "Star Search" (1984–85), and several years of Circus of the Stars, as well as "" (1979), winning the Directors Guild Award.
He also directed several Bob Hope specials, more than twenty televised beauty pageants, and the short-lived summer replacement series "The Keane Brothers Show" (1977).
Charmoli is the recipient of two Emmy Awards, plus eight other Emmy nominations.
References.
He was born in Mt. Iron, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="20283694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283694" title="We Mean Business (album)">
We Mean Business (album)

We Mean Business is the seventh studio album released by rap duo, EPMD. It was released on December 9, 2008 through EP Records, making it the group's first album since 1999's Out of Business.

</doc>
<doc id="20283704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283704" title="Əkbərməhlə">
Əkbərməhlə

Əkbərməhlə is a village in the municipality of Motolayataq in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20283712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283712" title="Klinbi">
Klinbi

Klinbi is a village in the municipality of Hamoşam in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20283716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283716" title="Rivadila">
Rivadila

Rivadila is a village in the municipality of Hamoşam in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20283725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283725" title="Mexican Federal Highway 132">
Mexican Federal Highway 132

Mexican Federal Highway 132 ("Carretera Federal 132") connects Ecatepec de Morelos, State of Mexico in the west to Tulancingo, Hidalgo in the east.

</doc>
<doc id="20283750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283750" title="Tommy Magee">
Tommy Magee

Thomas Patrick "Tommy" Magee (6 May 1899 – May 1974) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half. He made more than 400 appearances during his 15 years at West Bromwich Albion. He also won five England caps.
Career.
Born in Widnes, the first child of James and Agnes Magee, Tommy Magee attended St Mary's School. After playing rugby league for Appleton Hornets and St Helen's Recreation Club, he switched to football, playing for Widnes Athletic as an amateur during 1914–1915. He turned professional with West Bromwich Albion in 1919 and scored in his first match, helping Albion to a 3–1 victory against Derby County in the Midland Victory League in April 1919. Following the end of the First World War, The Football League resumed for the 1919–20 season, and Magee made his league debut on the opening day of the campaign, against Oldham Athletic. In the following match, away at Newcastle United, he scored his first goal for the club. Albion went on to win the First Division that season, the only time in the club's history that they have been champions of England. Magee made a significant contribution, appearing in 24 out of 42 league games and scoring seven goals.
Although the next few seasons were less successful for Albion, Magee nonetheless won five caps for England during the 1920s. He made his international debut against Wales on 5 March 1923, while his last cap was won two years later against France. Albion did manage another title challenge in 1924–25, when they finished as runners-up to Huddersfield Town. Magee played in all but two of the club's league matches during the season. In 1926–27 he was the only West Bromwich Albion player to appear in all 42 league matches, but the club were relegated to Division Two in 22nd (last) position.
He won a winners' medal with Albion when they beat Birmingham 2–1 in the 1931 FA Cup Final and a few days later was part of the team that secured promotion as Second Division runners-up. As of November 2008, he remains the only Albion player to have won both a League Championship medal and an FA Cup winners' medal with the club.
Magee was married to Elizabeth, with whom he had two daughters. Elizabeth died of a brain haemorrhage in February 1932, aged 33. At just 5 ft 2½ ins tall, Magee was the smallest ever player to appear for West Bromwich Albion's first team. His short stature earned him nicknames such as "Wee Tommy", "Pocket Hercules" and the "Mighty Atom". After 434 first team appearances for Albion (394 in the league), he joined Crystal Palace in May 1934 on a free transfer, becoming the club's player-coach. In 1935 he moved to Runcorn as player-manager; he later became a coach at the club before retiring from football around 1947. He died in his home town of Widnes in May 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20283757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283757" title="1897–98 Ottawa Hockey Club season">
1897–98 Ottawa Hockey Club season

The 1897–98 Ottawa Hockey Club season was the club's 13th season of play. Ottawa placed fifth in the league.
Team business.
Source: 
After not coming to satisfactory terms with the Dey brothers over the Dey Rink, the Ottawas returned to their first home, the Rideau Skating Rink for the season.
Season.
Ottawa lost several players from the previous season to the rival intermediate Ottawa Capitals, including Alf Smith. The Capitals would win the AHAC championship with the Ottawa players and apply to join AHAC seniors in 1898.
Highlights.
The game of February 12, 1898 between Ottawa and the Victorias was notable because Fred Chittick, the regular goal-keeper of Ottawa staged a one-man strike because he had not received his share of complimentary tickets. Ottawa played A. Cope instead and lost 9–5. The fans in attendance heckled the defence pair of Harvey Pulford and Weldy Young, and in response Mr. Young went into the crowd to attack a spectator.

</doc>
<doc id="20283790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283790" title="County Ground (Leyland)">
County Ground (Leyland)

The County Ground is a football stadium in Leyland, Lancashire, England which is owned and operated by Lancashire County Football Association (Lancashire FA). It is the home ground of Bolton Wanderers reserves and both the Lancashire FA representative team and the Lancashire FA youth team.
History.
The County Ground is located next to the Motor Vehicle Museum and was originally home to Leyland Motors FC who played in the Lancashire Combination from 1933 until 1980 when they joined the Cheshire County League, where they played for two seasons, before becoming founder members of the North West Counties Football League in 1982. In 1990 they changed name to Leyland DAF-SGL and in 1992 were demoted to the West Lancashire Football League, before another name change to Leyland Motors Athletic in 1993. Then in 2001 they left the league altogether.
The Lancashire FA moved their headquarters to the County Ground in 1998 from Blackburn.
The County Ground is the current home of Bolton Wanderers reserve team, who play in the Premier Reserve League and who, in the 2008-09 season, play in the North Division. The club also uses the ground for all their home matches in the Manchester Senior Cup.
Both the Lancashire FA representative team and the counties youth team play their home matches at the County Ground. The Lancashire FA currently organises nineteen County Cup's and the final of each competition is played at the County Ground. It is also the headquarters of the Lancashire FA.
Facilities.
The stadium has a 500 seater covered stand with "LFA" imprinted in white lettering on the seats. The offices of the Lancashire FA are located at the ground which also has six corporate rooms. There is also an all weather pitch, which is used for hockey matches as well as football.

</doc>
<doc id="20283807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283807" title="The Kingdom of Shadow">
The Kingdom of Shadow

The Kingdom of Shadow is the third novel based in the "Diablo franchise" by Blizzard Entertainment. This is the second book written by New York Times bestselling author Richard A. Knaak for the Diablo series."The Kingdom of Shadow" was re-published with three other novels in the "Diablo Archive" on July 8, 2008 by Pocket Books.[http://www.worldcat.org/title/diablo-archive/oclc/234092112&referer=brief_results/ "The Kingdom of Shadow" is intended for mature readers.
Plot.
After three years, Quov Tsin has calculated and collected the research left behind by Gregus Mazi to open the pathway to the lost city of Ureh. Tsin hires Kentril Dumon and his group of mercenaries to protect him on his journey in exchange for the lost riches left behind. Zayl attempts to scare away the mercenaries, but fails and becomes a captive to Kentril’s group as Ureh is reborn. While looking for treasure, the group is attacked by the ghosts of Ureh and led to the palace of Juris Khan. The mercenaries learn from Ureh’s leader of the city’s trapped existence and the betrayal of Gregus Mazi. Juris Khan requests the aid of Kentril and his group to help restore the city and complete their original goal. After the first task of Ureh’s restoration is accomplished, the nightmare of Ureh begins as one by one the mercenaries learn of Ureh’s dark secrets.
Ureh.
Diablo 3.
Ureh was depicted during the first cinematic trailer released for the game on June 28th, 2008. During an interview with DiabloFans.com, Jay Wilson, game director of Diablo 3, informed the community that Ureh has been removed as a location in the game in an effort to release the game sooner.[http://www.diablofans.com/topic/16947-diablofans-exclusive-jay-wilson/]

</doc>
<doc id="20283852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283852" title="Bulwer, Queensland">
Bulwer, Queensland

Bulwer is a small township at the north-western end of Moreton Island, on the eastern side of Moreton Bay opposite, and 40 km from, the city of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. At the 2006 census, Bulwer had a population of 70.
Bulwer is accessible from Brisbane on the mainland via the Micat Barge service. Facilities at Bulwer include a helipad and first aid station as well as holiday accommodation, a general store and public phone. It is one of the main access points for visitors to the island, 98% of which is in the Moreton Island National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20283886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283886" title="Andrew Thomas (Australian politician)">
Andrew Thomas (Australian politician)

Andrew Murray Thomas (14 March 1936 – 14 May 2011) was an Australian politician. Born in Blyth, South Australia, he was a farmer and stud breeder before entering politics. In 1975, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for Western Australia. He held the seat until his defeat in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20283898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283898" title="Gasperini v. Center for Humanities">
Gasperini v. Center for Humanities

Gasperini v. Center for Humanities, 518 U.S. 415 (1996), was a decision by the Supreme Court of the United States, in which the Court further refined the Erie doctrine which regards when and how federal courts were to apply state law in cases brought under diversity jurisdiction. The Court held that the New York State rule applied.
Background of the case.
The plaintiff, William Gasperini, was an American journalist and photographer for CBS News and the Christian Science Monitor who, during the course of seven years in Central America, took over 5,000 slide transparencies depicting war, political leaders and everyday life. In 1990, Gasperini supplied 300 of his original transparencies to The Center for Humanities for use in an educational video. The center agreed to return the transparencies, but they were lost. Gasperini commenced suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, invoking diversity jurisdiction. The trial jury applied New York law and found for Gasperini, awarding him $450,000 in compensatory damages. The defendant moved for a new trial, asserting, among other things, excessiveness of the award. The district court dismissed the motion and the defendant appealed. The Second Circuit vacated and remanded for a new trial, unless the plaintiff accepted a remittitur for $100,000. Gasperini petitioned and the Supreme Court granted certiorari.
Issue.
The case involved an important issue of what standard of review should be used by a federal court in measuring the excessiveness of a jury verdict. The standard typically applied by federal courts was that a verdict was excessive if it "shocked the conscience of the court." New York had recently enacted legislation changing the standard as a part of a tort reform initiative, codifying in CPLR §5501(c) the standard that an award was excessive if it "deviates materially from what would be reasonable compensation." The question arose as to whether the standard was substantive or procedural, as the Erie Doctrine stipulated that the federal court should apply the substantive law of the state and federal procedural law.
The court's decision.
Justice Ginsburg delivered the majority opinion of the Court, which held that the federal district court should apply the New York standard for excessiveness, reasoning that the case did not include a distinct choice between federal and state interests, but rather presented an opportunity to serve both interests. The federal interest lay primarily in discharging the Seventh Amendment, which precludes review of facts tried by a jury. The Second Circuit had reviewed the verdict against the New York excessiveness standard and thus ran afoul of the Seventh Amendment. Accordingly, the Court vacated the judgment of the Second Circuit and ordered the case remanded to the district court for a new trial so that the trial judge could test the jury's verdict against the state standard.

</doc>
<doc id="20283924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283924" title="Kirk Cox">
Kirk Cox

Marvin Kirkland "Kirk" Cox (born August 17, 1957) is an American politician. Since 1990 he has served in the Virginia House of Delegates, representing the 66th district, made up of the southern Richmond suburb of Colonial Heights and nearby parts of Chesterfield County. Cox is a member of the Republican Party; he was the House majority whip 2004–2010 and has been majority leader since December 2010.
Cox has served on the House committees on Agriculture, Chesapeake and Natural Resources (2002–2010, chair 2002–2007), Appropriations (2000–), Chesapeake and Its Tributaries (1990–1999, co-chair 1998–1999), Conservation and Natural Resources (1990–2001, co-chair 2000–2001), General Laws (1990–1995, 2000–2007), Labor and Commerce (1996–1999), Privileges and Elections (1998–2001), and Rules (2008–).
Early life, education.
Cox was born in Petersburg, Virginia. He graduated from Colonial Heights High School in 1975. He studied political science and social science at James Madison University, graduating with bachelors degrees in both in 1979.
Family and Personal life.
Cox and his wife Julia have four sons. He resides in Colonial Heights, and taught government at Manchester High School in Chesterfield County until June 2012.
In the media.
Cox's first race against incumbent Chip Dicks gained a certain notoriety when it was reported in the pages of "Playboy" magazine. The publication's interest was apparently founded on the wordplay humor of a competition pitting "Cox" against "Dicks".

</doc>
<doc id="20283936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283936" title="Grenadier Island (Saint Lawrence River)">
Grenadier Island (Saint Lawrence River)

Grenadier Island is one of the islands of the Thousand Islands located on the St. Lawrence River in the United Counties of Leeds and Grenville, Ontario, Canada.
Naming.
The island is named after the British Grenadier Guards regiment.
History.
Early history.
In 1654, Pere Simon le Moyne, a Jesuit Priest, made the first recorded voyage of a European through the upper St. Lawrence. He was sent from Montreal to establish a mission at Oswego. On his way, he stopped at the village of Toniata where he observed native Mississauga Indians fishing for eel. The site of Toniata is believed to have been on Grenadier Island.
During the Seven Years War, Captain Francois Pouchot of the French Navy also visited Grenadier Island. In his memoirs, he wrote
At five leagues from Point au Baril is the Island of Toniata. The main channel of the river is between this island and the south shore. The north part of the river is filled with rushes, and in summer, it is famous for a thriving eel fishery.
M. de Frontenac gave this island to an Iroquois, and the latter sold it for four pots of Brandy to a Canadien, who would have in turn sold it back for a beaver skin.
Pouchot claimed the meaning of Toniata is "Beyond the Point".
1800s.
The island remained under native control until the United Empire Loyalists arrived in the early 19th century. During the War of 1812, Grenadier Island hosted a watch post. By 1818, twelve farms had been established. The island was preferable to the mainland for farming because it was less rugged and had good soil. During the 19th century, steamboat traffic increased dramatically.
Since the early 1870s Grenadier Island has become a popular summer retreat.
1900s.
The west end of Grenadier Island became part of St. Lawrence Islands National Park in 1905, one year after the park was established. Since that time other parts of the island were purchased or donated. 
Brooker's Creek on Grenadier Island: In May 1999, of ecologically sensitive wetland along Brooker's Creek on the north side of Grenadier Island became part of the park. The property is physically connected with other wetland property in the Park. It is protected as a wetland of high importance for conservation and high resource sensitivity. Two bird species found here, the Least Bittern and Red Shouldered Hawk, are rated as species of special concern by the Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada. The swamp woods and marshes found here are home to numerous species of breeding birds and are alive with bird song in migration seasons. Reptiles such as the stinkpot turtle and Blanding's turtle and several amphibian species including a variety of frogs and salamanders thrive in this highly productive habitat. The property is not easily accessible by the public and is protected as highly sensitive lands.
Golf club.
The Grenadier Island Country Club, founded in 1927, and private since July 2005, is one of the oldest island golf courses in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20283941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283941" title="Charles Dinsmoor">
Charles Dinsmoor

Charles Dinsmoor (September 19, 1834 – April 11, 1904) was an American inventor and lawyer.
Early life.
Dinsmoor's ancestors came from Ireland, however are from Scottish descent. Dinsmoor was born at Alabama Center in Alabama, New York on September 19, 1834. Dinsmoor's family genealogy can be traced back to the first person in his family history to arrive in America, John Dinsmoor. John came to America in 1719 from Londonderry, Ireland and is the fifth generation ancestor to the subject of this sketch. He originally settled in Windham, New Hampshire. 
Among the ancestors of Dinsmoor are Samuel Dinsmoor, who was a governor of New Hampshire and a member of Congress in 1811 and 1812, was a son of John Dinsmoor. Samuel Dinsmoor, Jr. was also a governor of New Hampshire. Robert Dinsmoor, brother to Samuel Dinsmoor Sr., was a well known Scottish poet of New England that called himself the "Rustic Bard." William B. Dinsmoor was the president of the Adams Express Company. Colonel Silas Dinsmoor was famous as an Indian agent. A son of Samuel Jr. was George (born 1794 in Keene, New Hampshire), the father of this sketch. 
Dinsmoor received a minimal education in the local common schools of Elk township in Warren County, Pennsylvania when he was growing up. Much of his time was spent helping support the large family living in meager circumstances. At sixteen Dinsmoor left home and became a successful student at the academies at Warren, Smethport, and Coudersport, Pennsylvania. He was also a student at Randolph, New York. Dinsmoor was in the printing business for about eleven years in the same cities. The printing was associated with teaching and attending school. During the last three of this time he was editor of the "Warren Ledger" at Warren, Pennsylvania.
Mid life.
When Dinsmoor was twenty-two he attended Randolph Academy for a year. Here studied law for six months at the offices of Weeden & Henderson. Dinsmoor then continued his law studies under B. W. Lacy in 1858. He was admitted to the bar of Warren County, Pennsylvania September 18, 1859. 
Dinsmoor was appointed assistant United States marshal in 1860. One of Dinsmoor’s duties was taking the 1860 census for the northern half of Warren county. Dinsmoor was elected justice of the peace for Warren County in 1861 and was successively reelected for fifteen years. He also practiced law during time. In 1876 he voluntarily retired from the office.
Dinsmoor has been elected to many positions in government, from being a town clerk to a chief burgess. In 1878 he was elected to the office of school director and held that position for many years. Dinsmoor contributed much to bring about high quality standards for the schools of Warren. He was for several years the treasurer of Struthers Library Association and a member of its Board of Control. 
Dinsmoor was a lawyer in the Supreme Court of the state of Pennsylvania and the United States Circuit and District Courts. Dinsmoor has been associated with the order of Odd Fellows from 1868 for many years and was grand master of Warren Lodge No. 339.
Later life.
Dinsmoor practiced law without a partner for many years. Later he became associated with James Cable and formed the partnership Dinsmoor & Cable. Later when Cable died the firm's name changed to Dinsmoor & Peterson. After Peterson died Dinsmoor conducted business by himself for several years until his health failed. The last five years of his life he had failing health until he died April 11, 1904.
Notability.
History records that Dinsmoor invented the endless chain tractor in 1886, a forerunner of the continuous track vehicle. He received patent No. 351,749 on November 2, 1886. "Dinsmoor's vehicle" was first manufactured commercially by Holt Manufacturing Company of Stockton, California in 1906.
Dinsmoor Glacier of Antarctica is named after the subject of this article.

</doc>
<doc id="20283945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283945" title="Kostas Papahristos">
Kostas Papahristos

Kostas Papahristos (; 19161995) was a Greek actor who was known for his comedic acting roles.
Biography.
He was born in Volos in 1916 and died in Athens in 1995. He was the husband of Dimitra Seremeti (b. 1933) and brother of the actor Nikos Papahristos. He played mostly military, police and other roles. He entered the Kokkinos Mylos. His marriage was childless.

</doc>
<doc id="20283954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20283954" title="Raza Kazim">
Raza Kazim

Raza Kazim is a lawyer, activist and former politician in Pakistan. He was involved with the Pakistan Peoples Party in its initial days and, before that, with the Muslim League and, in British India, the Indian National Congress.
He currently devotes his time to the Sanjan Nagar Institute of Philosophy & Arts, a non-profit organization consisting of a team of fifty (now growing) full-time members working in the fields of Philosophy, Music and Photography. The Institute, currently based in Lahore. His daughter Noor Zehra is only Sagar Veena player in Pakistan. He is the uncle of actress and model Juggan Kazim

</doc>
<doc id="20284023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284023" title="Department of Justice (Northern Ireland)">
Department of Justice (Northern Ireland)

The Department of Justice is a devolved Northern Ireland government department in the Northern Ireland Executive. The current Minister of Justice is David Ford, who is a member of the Northern Ireland Executive. The department was established on 12 April 2010 as part of the devolution of justice matters to the Northern Ireland Assembly.
It combines the previous work of the Northern Ireland Office and the Ministry of Justice, within the United Kingdom Government, which were respectively responsible for general justice policy and the courts in Northern Ireland.
History.
The partition of Ireland created a separate jurisdiction of Northern Ireland in June 1921. A local Ministry of Home Affairs was established at that time and oversaw most aspects of justice policy until the introduction of direct rule in March 1972. The Northern Ireland Office, led by the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, was subsequently responsible for security and political affairs during the remainder of the Troubles.
The post of Lord Chancellor of Ireland was abolished in 1922 and replaced in Northern Ireland by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain. His supporting department and the subsequent Department for Constitutional Affairs (2003–2007) oversaw the courts until the formation of the Ministry of Justice in May 2007.
Most aspects of social and economic policy were devolved to the Northern Ireland Executive in December 1999. The devolution of policing and justice was pledged in the St Andrews Agreement (of October 2006) and the Hillsborough Castle Agreement (of February 2010) and occurred in April 2010.
Minister.
The Minister of Justice is elected by a cross-community vote in the Northern Ireland Assembly, unlike all other Northern Ireland Executive posts, which are either allocated by the d'Hondt method or appointed directly by the largest parties (i.e. the First Minister and the deputy First Minister).
The exception was made to resolve a dispute between the Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fein. The Alliance Party of Northern Ireland successfully nominated its party leader, David Ford, on 12 April 2012. Ford was re-elected to the position on 16 May 2010 and is the incumbent Minister.
Aim.
The department supports the Minister of Justice in "building a fair, just and safer society". It has four stated objectives: to "work in partnership" to produce a safer society and reduce
the risk, and fear, of crime; to ensure that everyone in Northern Ireland has access to
justice, without undue delay; to protect the public by reducing offending and managing
offenders; and to contribute to the Shared Future strategy (now known as the Cohesion, Sharing and Integration strategy) for Northern Ireland through the operation of the justice system and assist in "enhancing decision-making and strategic resource management".
Structure.
The Department of Justice's headquarters is located in Castle Buildings in Belfast.
Its remit includes the following executive agencies:
The Probation Board for Northern Ireland is responsible to it as a non-departmental public body. The Police Service of Northern Ireland is operationally independent and accountable to the Northern Ireland Policing Board; the Minister of Justice has overall responsibility.
Responsibilities.
The Department of Justice is responsible for most everyday policing and justice powers in Northern Ireland.
These include:
Some justice matters remain reserved to Westminster, with the Assembly's agreement e.g. the prerogative of mercy in terrorism cases, illicit drug classification, the Serious Organised Crime Agency, the accommodation of prisoners in separated conditions within the Northern Ireland Prison Service, parades and the security of explosives.
In addition, some justice matters remain excepted and devolution was either not discussed or not considered feasible: extradition (as an international relations matter), military justice (as a defence matter), the enforcement of immigration law by the UK Border Agency, and national security (including intelligence services).
The Department of Justice's main counterparts in the United Kingdom Government are:
In the Irish Government, its main counterpart is the Department of Justice and Equality.

</doc>
<doc id="20284024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284024" title="Apex Herald">
Apex Herald

The Apex Herald was a newspaper based in Apex, North Carolina, USA, covering Apex, North Carolina. It closed in 2013.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="20284031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284031" title="1994–95 Scottish League Cup">
1994–95 Scottish League Cup

The 1994–95 Scottish League Cup was the 49th staging of the Scotland's second most prestigious football knockout competition, also known for sponsorship reasons as the Coca-Cola Cup.
The competition was won by Raith Rovers, who defeated Celtic in a penalty shootout after a 2–2 draw in the Final at Ibrox Stadium. The Final was played at Ibrox because Celtic were using Hampden Park as their home ground during that season while Celtic Park was being rebuilt.

</doc>
<doc id="20284039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284039" title="MV Delight">
MV Delight

The MV "Delight" is a Hong Kong-flagged grain carrier. It was attacked and hijacked in the Gulf of Aden in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Yemen in the Horn of Africa by Somali pirates on 18 November 2008 at 2 p.m. The "Delight", chartered by the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines, was carrying a cargo of 36,000 tonnes of wheat, and was heading for Iran's Bandar Abbas port. The 25 crew members are from India (7), Pakistan (2), Philippines (7), Iran (7), Ghana (2). The ship was released on 10 January 2009.
Ransom.
On 22 November, India's Directorate General of Shipping announced that communication had been established between the pirates and Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines' Emergency Response Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20284064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284064" title="James Cunningham (Australian politician)">
James Cunningham (Australian politician)

James Cunningham (28 December 18794 July 1943) was a Western Australian state and Australian federal politician, becoming President of the Senate.
Cunningham was born in South Australia to parents who could not write, and he received little formal education there. When he was about 20 he moved to Western Australia to become a goldminer. He worked at Norseman and then at Boulder. He contracted the disease silicosis through this work.
He was secretary of the Federated Miners' Union before his election to the Western Australian Legislative Council in 1916 as a Labor member. In 1922 he left the council, but in 1923 he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly as the member for Kalgoorlie. He was an honorary minister 1924-1927 and held the portfolios of Minister for Agriculture, Minister for Goldfields and Minister for Water Supply 1927-1930. His alcoholism prevented him being reappointed to the Ministry in 1933 when Labor regained office.
In 1936 the Labor Party decided to allow three candidates to stand for the seat of Kalgoorlie, after irregularities were discovered in the pre-selection ballotting process. Cunningham was soundly defeated. 
In 1937 he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Western Australia. In 1940 he was elected Deputy Senate Leader. On 1 July 1941 he was elected President of the Senate, serving until his death in Albury, New South Wales, on 4 July 1943. He was buried in Karrakatta Cemetery, Perth, after a state funeral.

</doc>
<doc id="20284073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284073" title="Fuquay-Varina Independent">
Fuquay-Varina Independent

Fuquay-Varina Independent was a weekly newspaper based in Fuquay-Varina, North Carolina. It closed in 2013.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="20284094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284094" title="Mount Sefuri">
Mount Sefuri

Outline.
This mountain is the tallest peak of the Sefuri Mountain range between Fukuoka Prefecture and Saga Prefecture. Before the Meiji Restoration, this mountain was a center of the Shugendo religion in this region, along with Mount Hiko. Mount Sefuri is the location where the Buddhist priest Eisai first planted tea after his return to Japan from Sung Dynasty China in the Kamakura period.
Facilities.
On the top of Mount Sefuri there are two radar sites. One is operated by the Japanese Air Self Defense Force, and the other by the United States Air Force in Japan.
Routes.
The most popular route to climb this mountain is from Shiiba Bus Stop of Nishitetsu Bus. It takes about from two and half hours to three hours to the top. 

</doc>
<doc id="20284099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284099" title="Astragalus malacus">
Astragalus malacus

Astragalus malacus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name shaggy milkvetch. It is native to the Great Basin in the western United States.
Description.
"Astragalus malacus" is perennial herb growing upright to a maximum height near 40 centimeters. Its leaves are up to 15 centimeters long and are made up of many oval-shaped leaflets. The inflorescence bears up to 35 magenta flowers, each up to 2 centimeters long. Stem, leaves, inflorescence, and sepals are coated in long, white hairs. The fruit is a densely hairy, papery legume pod up to 4 centimeters in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20284124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284124" title="Garner News">
Garner News

Garner News was a weekly newspaper based in Fuquay-Varina, North Carolina. It covered the town of Garner, North Carolina. It closed in 2013.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="20284132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284132" title="Colt Defender">
Colt Defender

Colt Defender may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20284158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284158" title="2009 Maryland Terrapins football team">
2009 Maryland Terrapins football team

The 2009 Maryland Terrapins football team represented the University of Maryland during its 57th season in the Atlantic Coast Conference. The Terrapins played in the Atlantic Division of the conference, and competed against all five divisional opponents, two Coastal Division opponents on a rotational basis, and one permanent cross-divisional rival: Virginia. The rotating Coastal Division opponents were Virginia Tech and Duke. In 2009, Maryland played its second game of the home-to-home series against California, this year in Berkeley.
The Terrapins finished the season with a record of 2–10, and 1–7 in ACC play, and failed to qualify for a bowl game. It was the first ten-loss season in school history.
Before the season.
Coaching Changes.
Head coach-in-waiting.
On February 6, 2009, offensive coordinator James Franklin was officially named the head coach-in-waiting to succeed the 61-year old Ralph Friedgen, who had three years remaining on his contract. ESPN described the move as an effort to ensure Franklin, considered a top recruiter who had had other coaching opportunities, remained with Maryland.
Defensive coordinator.
Upon the conclusion of the 2008 regular season, defensive coordinator Chris Cosh announced his resignation. Cosh returned to Kansas State as defensive coordinator and assistant coach to the recently re-hired Bill Snyder, who had been head coach from 1996 to 2005. Cosh previously served under Snyder as linebackers coach from 2004 to 2005. 
Outside linebackers coach Al Seamonson assumed interim defensive coordinator duties for the last game of the 2008 season, the Humanitarian Bowl, and was considered in the running for the job full-time. Maryland head coach Ralph Friedgen also contacted Navy defensive coordinator Buddy Green in order to gauge his interest for the position, but he declined in order to remain at Annapolis. South Carolina secondary coach was also considered, but declined in order to take a job at the same position at LSU with a $300,000 salary.
On January 9, 2009, it was announced that Massachusetts head coach Don Brown had been hired as the new defensive coordinator. Brown had served as head coach for UMass from 2004 to 2008, posting the best five-year record in school history, 43–19. His teams were ranked amongst the top-20 defenses in the nation three times: third in 2005, 20th in 2006, and 14th in 2007. The UMass scoring defense was ranked first in 2005 and fifth in 2006. Brown also has prior experience as a head coach at Northeastern and Plymouth State and 11 years as a defensive coordinator. In a move to address criticisms of former coordinator Chris Cosh's defensive system which had been characterized as overly cautious, Ralph Friedgen said about Brown:"He's going to be aggressive. He has a very aggressive philosophy, and he plays a different style defense than the norm. He's been successful against a lot of the new offenses that we're seeing, like the spread. He played against Navy and Georgia Southern, so he's faced a lot of the different styles we see, but he has a little different approach to it."
Other coaching positions.
For 2009, new defensive coordinator Don Brown will also oversee the cornerbacks, a role held in the previous season by secondary coach Kevin Lempa. Lempa will now coach only the safeties. Former inside linebackers coach Al Seamonson expanded his role to take over the entire linebacker corps. Friedgen expressed a strong desire to retain Seamonson, who lost out on the race for the defensive coordinator job. Seamonson, as interim defensive coordinator, helped coach Maryland to a 42–35 victory in the 2008 Humanitarian Bowl.
Maryland also lost special teams and tight ends coach, Danny Pearman, to Clemson at the end of the 2008 season. Shortly after being selected as Tommy Bowden's permanent replacement, head coach Dabo Swinney hired Clemson alum Pearman. Pearman played at Clemson as a tight end (1984–1987) and coached special teams and offensive and defensive tackles while at Alabama (1990–1997). Swinney himself played at Alabama during that period as a wide receiver.
Key Losses.
Prior to the 2009 season, Maryland lost a significant amount of experience due to graduation. Thirty seniors, the largest class of Friedgen's tenure, graduated after the 2008 season or otherwise concluded their eligibility. Additionally, the team lost the previous season's receiving leader and feature wide receiver to the NFL Draft. Starting Z-receiver Darrius Heyward-Bey announced that he would forgo his senior year in order to enter the 2009 NFL Draft on January 7, 2009. In just three years, Heyward-Bey had achieved the number-two spot for Maryland career receiving yards (2,089), behind only Jermaine Lewis. It had been widely speculated throughout the 2008 season that the junior would likely leave for the draft, and Rivals.com, "College Football News", "Sports Illustrated", and ESPN projected him as an early entrant and first-round selection. He was ultimately chosen as the seventh overall pick.
Mobile quarterback Josh Portis transferred to the Division II school California University of Pennsylvania for his last year of eligibility. He had been highly anticipated as a Florida transfer and a dual-threat quarterback, but had seen little action in eight games, almost exclusively put in for one option run at a time. Portis recorded one completion on three pass attempts, 31 rushing attempts for 186 yards and one touchdown. He saw a decrease in game action after the North Carolina game, where he participated in three plays including an incomplete pass to a wide open Darrius Heyward-Bey for a probable touchdown and a fumble on an option run.
In February 2009, wide receiver LaQuan Williams became academically ineligible and was dismissed from the team. Friedgen said that Williams could possibly return for the fall. Williams was injured throughout the 2008 season, but recorded a strong 2007 campaign including a crucial reception in the upset win over 10th-ranked Rutgers.
The following are some of the key players who will no longer play for Maryland in the 2009 season:
Offense:
Defense:
Special Teams:
"† – Heyward-Bey entered the NFL Draft a year early"
"‡ – Portis transferred to California University of Pennsylvania"
Key Returns.
Maryland entered the 2009 season with just nine returning starters, the fewest in the ACC, and 56% of its lettermen from the prior year, the lowest of any team other than the service academies. The defensive and offensive lines suffered significant attrition, but the Terrapins are considered deep at the skill positions. Senior quarterback Chris Turner was called a "big-game performer a chance to leave an imprint on the school record books." Maryland returned its three top running backs from 2008: Da'Rel Scott, Davin Meggett, and Morgan Green. Despite the loss of Heyward-Bey, the Terrapins retained a great deal of athleticism at the wide receiver position with Torrey Smith, and Ronnie Tyler replaced Danny Oquendo as a reliable third-down option. In total, Maryland entered the season with ten potential starters at wide receiver.
Offense:
Defense:
Special Teams:
Recruiting.
Maryland secured several highly touted recruits, and Rivals.com rated the recruiting class as 25th in the nation, while Scout.com ranked it 26th in the nation. Scout or Rivals.com four-star prospects included running backs Caleb Porzel and D.J. Adams, defensive lineman De'Onte Arnett, defensive back Travis Hawkins, and offensive lineman Pete White. The class also included eight linebackers, a position which Maryland had heavily recruited in order to backfill graduated players. Offensive tackle Nick Klemm had originally planned to go to Boston College, but de-committed to sign with the Terrapins after Eagles' head coach Jeff Jagodzinski was fired.
Maryland showed a strong interest in Porzel's Good Counsel classmate Jelani Jenkins, the number-one ranked prospective linebacker in the nation. Jenkins narrowed his possible school selection to a field of fifteen including Maryland, before ultimately signing with Florida. Tavon Austin, a Rivals.com four-star running back from Baltimore, committed to West Virginia despite strong interest from Maryland. On February 2, 2009, three-star offensive tackle Ryan Schlieper de-committed from Maryland and signed with Pittsburgh.
On National Signing Day, the Terps secured thirteen recruits from Maryland and Washington, D.C. Four of the Rivals.com top-ten prospects in the state signed with Maryland. ESPN graded the class as a "B−", with the main criticism being that "too much good in-state talent has slipped away." It also cited a failure to land a highly rated quarterback. During the signing day news conference, Friedgen stated:
"We are very happy with this class. It is a large recruiting class. I feel that it met a lot of our needs. We lost a lot of offensive lineman, and defensive lineman last year. We were able to fill those needs with this class of players. I think that if you were to describe this recruiting class, they are a big, athletic bunch of athletes who can run and hit. They are also good students. I am really putting an emphasis on guys who can be successful in life, and who have goals that they want to achieve ... We have 15 local-area players. There are some others that we would have liked to have, but you are never going to get all of them. We put a lot of stock in trying to recruit the local-area kids."
Schedule.
In the preseason, the Terrapins were predicted to finish last (sixth) in the ACC Atlantic Division by both Athlon Sports and "Phil Steele's", and "The Sporting News" forecast a fifth-place divisional finish for the Terps. Athlon also ranked Maryland as 57th out of the 120 Division I FBS teams.
Maryland began the 2009 season with the second game of the home-and-home series at California. In Week 2, they faced James Madison, which in 2008 advanced to the Division I FCS semi-finals. Two more home games, a rematch from 2008 against Middle Tennessee and a game against Rutgers, rounded out Maryland's non-conference schedule.
On October 5, 2009, Jack Heise, an influential alumni booster and avid Terrapins fan nicknamed "Mr. Maryland", died of a cerebral hemorrhage. The football team honored his memory by wearing Heise's initials on their helmets for the remainder of the 2009 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20284178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284178" title="Robert Clothier (politician)">
Robert Clothier (politician)

Robert Ernest Clothier (1877 – 31 May 1964) was an Australian politician. Born in Queensland, he received a primary education before becoming a bookmaker. Moving to Perth, Western Australia, he became a foreman at a boot factory and secretary of the Bootmakers' Union. In 1933 he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Maylands, holding the seat until 1936. In 1937, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Western Australia. He was defeated in 1949 after he was demoted on the ticket to make way for union secretary Don Willesee. Clothier died in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20284183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284183" title="Têmûrê Xelîl">
Têmûrê Xelîl

Têmûrê Xelîl, (born 1949), is a contemporary Kurdish journalist, writer and translator.
Biography.
He was born in Yerevan, Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic (Armeniann SSR) and after receiving a bachelor degree in Physics and Mathematics, worked as a math teacher in the Kurdish village of "Sipan" for three years. From 1977 to 1992, he worked as a reporter and later as the head of the cultural section in the Kurdish newspaper "Rya Teze". From 1981 to 1984 he also served as the editor of the Kurdish section of Radio Yerevan. From 1992 to 1997, he was the deputy of "Golos Kurda", a newspaper focused on Kurdish issues published in Russian. 
He is a member of Kurdish Institute of Paris and editor of Kurdish journal "Roja Nû". He is now residing in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20284212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284212" title="Cleveland Post">
Cleveland Post

Cleveland Post was a weekly newspaper based in Fuquay-Varina, North Carolina covering northwestern Johnston County, North Carolina and the Cleveland community. It closed in 2013.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="20284223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284223" title="Colony Ramazzoti">
Colony Ramazzoti

The International Art Colony ″Ramazzotti“ is an annual art colony held at the lakeside city of Ohrid in Macedonia. The colony runs every August for up to 20 invited artists. The colony attracts artists from all of Europe and North America and finishes in an exhibition of the artists' work. The colony runs similar to many other East European art colonies, forming a mixture of sculptors, painters, wood carvers and photographers. The colony was founded in 2003 by Zoran and Blagorodna Josifov from Kavadarci of Macedonia.
Artists attending the 2008 colony were: 
Jure Cekuta Slovenia
John Chapman USA
Gligor Chemerski Macedonia
Robert Cvetkovski Macedonia
Marija Dakovic Bosnia
Jovica Dejanovich Serbia
Dragan Dejanovich Serbia
Barbra Demshar Serbia
Desislava Deneva Bulgaria
Simonida Filipovska-Kitanovska Macedonia
Zhaneta Gelevska-Veljanovska Macedonia-England
Maja Dzartovska-Hill England
Ben Hill England
Ilija Kochovski Macedonia
Jana Kunovska Macedonia
Kasiopeja Naumovska Macedonia
Tome Mishev Macedonia
Dragan Radenovic Serbia
Emil Shulajkovski Macedonia
Ilija Spasovski - Chendo Macedonia

</doc>
<doc id="20284227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284227" title="Mexican Federal Highway 95">
Mexican Federal Highway 95

Mexican Federal Highway 95 ("Carretera Federal 95") connects Mexico City to Acapulco, Guerrero.
The highway is the main road that leads to the Lagunas de Zempoala National Park. At Tlalpan, Mexico City, the highway serves the Estadio Azteca.
History.
The oldest reference to a road between Mexico City and Acapulco date to 1531, when Hernán Cortés ordered the construction of a passage in order to move supplies between the capital and the coastal city. It was converted into a more solid road and received the name "Road to Asia" due to the passage of wares along it.
In early 1920 Juan R. Escudero, who was originally from Acapulco, asked President Alvaro Obregón to expedite the construction of the road, Escudero offering a group of his men to support the construction work. Obregón agreed and proceeded to improve the sections from Mexico City to Amacuzac and from Iguala to Chilpancingo. A year later, he improved the stretch that runs from Chilpancingo to the south towards Acapulco, and also began a better line of road north of Acapulco. 
After the murder of Escudero in late 1923, the emergence of the Huerta rebellion and pressure from the bourgeoisie in Acapulco, the work would be stopped again for a short period. Between 1924 and 1925, the work was restarted by Amadeo S. Vidales, who was appointed head of the Guerrero area, with the support of a group of 328 men, whose salaries he paid.
Route.
Federal District.
Federal Highway 95 begins in Mexico City at the end of the avenues "Insurgentes" and "Viaducto Tlalpan". The road begins heading out towards the south for 6.6 kilometres, passing though the population centre of San Andres Totoltepec. The next 3.4 kilometres ascend the mountainous areas of the Yoyolica volcano, before passing though the population centre of Los Angeles. The road continues south through the outskirts of the town of Parras which leads to Chichinautzin Microwave Station. Finally, it covers a stretch of 8.6 km to the town of El Capulin; in this section, it leaves the Federal District and into the state of Morelos.
Morelos.
The road comes from the Federal District into the state of Morelos from north to south through the towns of El Capulin and the Tres Marias municipality of Huitzilac to reach the city of Cuernavaca, the state capital. Upon entering Cuernavaca, the road becomes divided Not Free State Road. Leaving the city, the road continues towards the south to the junction with the road to Cuernavaca Airport. In this area there are a number of junctions that connect the villages of Puente Morelos, Xochitepec and Tletama. 
The road continues south to another junction with Highway 166 in the town of Alpuyeca. Highway 166 continues towards the north-west and passes through other areas, such as Miacatlán, Mazatepec, Tetecala de las Reformas, among others. Highway 95 continues south in a stretch with junctions for Coatetelco and Ahuehuetzingo and through the towns of Loma Larga and El Abinico, the latter three belonging to the municipality of Puente de Ixtla. Subsequently, the road crosses near the towns of Puente de Ixtla and San Gabriel de las Palmas to where it joins again with Highway 166 and once again immediately after the city of Amacuzac. In this area, the road changes direction towards the west through the towns of Huajintlán, Teacalco and the town of Casino de la Union. This is the last stretch of the highway before entering the state of Guerrero.
Guerrero.
In the state of Guerrero, Highway 95 enters near Cacahuamilpa Caves National Park; the road follows its course and enters the city of Ixtapan de la Sal. It continues its path past the area of Tetipac and passing near the town of Acuitlapan and Acamixtla where it reaches the city of Taxco de Alarcón. In this city, the road turns to the south again; it passes Tecalpulco, Taxco El Viejo, Campuzano Puente, San Juan de la Union and Mexcaltepec (all in the municipality of Taxco de Alarcón) and the town of Iguala de la Independencia in El Naranjo.
The road now meets with State Highway 1 which connects the city of Iguala and the city of Tepecoacuilco, Huitzuco. Further south, Highway 95 has more turnoffs to settlements in the municipalities of Iguala de la Independencia and Tepecoacuilco of Trujano como Zacacoyuca, Santa Teresa, Sabana Grande, Sale Palulo, Maxela, Coacoyula Alvarez, Xalitla and Valerio Trujano. From this section, Highway 95 goes into Cañón del Zopilote (Buzzard Canyon), in the municipality of Eduardo Neri, crossing the bridge over the Balsas River (known in this area as Mezcala) and near the town of Mezcal.
Further south, the road meets a junction near the archaeological site at La Organera-Xochipala. Subsequently, it crosses the town of El Pantanal, where there is a free state road that bisects Huitziltepec. The route then crosses through the city from the Zumpango River and then travels 8 miles toward the state capital Chilpancingo de los Bravo. The highway joins the Autopista del Sol. Leaving the urban area, the road provides access to Mazatlan, Palo Blanco, Agua de Obispo, Rincon de la Via, Ocotito and Julian Blanco which belongs to Municipality of Chilpancingo de los Bravo. The road enters the town of Juan R. Escudero and through the Tierra Colorada and then out toward the west-southwest and across the Papagayo River. It is at this point that the road enters the city of Acapulco and passes near the town of El Playon, through the town of Xaltianguis and on a bridge over the Potrerillos River and the locations of El Cuarenta y Cinco and Cuarenta y Dos. In the latter there is a crossing that leads to Piedra Iman and La Providencia. Later, it passes near the towns of El Cuerenta and El Treinta y Cuatro, which features a turnoff linking the towns of Dos Arroyos, Colonia Guerrero, Altos de Camaron and Venta Vieja. 
Finally, Highway 95 passes near the town of Lomas de San Juan and meets with Highway 200 from the region of Costa Chica; Highway 200 and 95 come together in an attempt to bypass the city of Acapulco. The road crosses around the towns of El Veintiuno, El Paso Quemado, and Limon and finally to the city of Acapulco.

</doc>
<doc id="20284235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284235" title="List of books about coal mining">
List of books about coal mining

This is a list of non-fiction books related to coal mining:
A booklist:
This is a list of historical fiction related to coal mining:

</doc>
<doc id="20284263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284263" title="Hasin">
Hasin

Hasin (), also rendered as Hasun, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20284266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284266" title="Live in Zurich">
Live in Zurich

Live in Zurich is an album released in 1982. It was the fifth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and the fourth to be released on the Italian Black Saint label.
The album features live performances by Hamiet Bluiett, Julius Hemphill, Oliver Lake and David Murray recorded in Zurich on November 6, 1981. The album is notable for featuring Julius Hemphill's compositions almost exclusively apart from opening and closing versions of the 'WSQ theme', "Hattie Wall".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "By 1981, after four years of existence, it was obvious that the most talented writer in the World Saxophone Quartet was altoist Julius Hemphill. This Black Saint release finds Hemphill contributing six of the eight pieces (the other two are by Hamiet Bluiett), including the hard-swinging "Bordertown," the colorful "Steppin" and a vivid feature for David Murray's tenor on "My First Winter." A particularly strong release by a classic and innovative group.".

</doc>
<doc id="20284311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284311" title="Richard Nash (Australian politician)">
Richard Nash (Australian politician)

Richard Henry Nash (2 July 1890 – 12 December 1951) was an Australian politician. Born in Melbourne, Victoria, he moved to Kalgoorlie in Western Australia as a child. After receiving a primary education, he became a tramway worker, and an official with the Tramway Workers' Union. He was Secretary of the Perth Trades Hall Council 1939-1943. In 1943, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Western Australia. He remained in the Senate until his death in 1951, necessitating the appointment of Joe Cooke to fill the vacancy.

</doc>
<doc id="20284339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284339" title="State Farm Women's Tennis Classic">
State Farm Women's Tennis Classic

The State Farm Women's Tennis Classic was a tennis tournament held in Scottsdale, Arizona, United States from 2000 to 2003. It was played on outdoor hardcourts and was a Tier II tournament throughout its run. Despite its short time as a WTA tournament, it boasts an impressive list of winners including Serena Williams and Lindsay Davenport.

</doc>
<doc id="20284353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284353" title="David A. Day">
David A. Day

David A. Day, a Republican, represents Camden, Laclede, Pulaski Counties (District 148) in the Missouri House of Representatives. Elected to the House in 2004. In 2006 Rep. Day was appointed as Chairman of the House Veteran's Committee and served in that position until he left office at the end of 2012 due to term limits.
. Day is also a member of the Southern Growth Policies Board, a non-partisan think tank that is made up of governors, legislators, business, and academic leaders from 13 states. The group focuses on improving the economy though innovation and technology, globalization and enhancing working environments. Most recently, Representative Day was appointed to the Missouri Sentencing Advisory Commission. The purpose of the commission is to support public safety, fairness and effectiveness in criminal sentencing.
Day has also served as a Commissioner for the Missouri Hazardous Waste Management Commission, member of the Governor’s Advisory Committee on Chips Mills, member of the Agriculture Advisory Committees for Senators Ashcroft, Talent and Bond and Congressman Skelton; member of the Missouri Department of Conservation’s Landowners Stream Advisory Committee; Board of Directors of the Pulaski Landowners Association and as a member of the Speaker’s Agriculture Task Force for former Speaker of the Missouri House Catherine Hanaway. Rep. Day is also a past member of the Missouri Military Preparedness and Enhancement Commission.
Day served in the United States Army 1st and 13th Field Artillery from 1981–1984 in Fort Stewart, Georgia. Day is a lifelong resident of Pulaski County.
Awards and recognition.
2005: Elected Vice-President of his Freshman Legislative Class, Voted “Freshman Legislator of the Year” by his fellow legislators, Voted “Best Politician” by citizens of Pulaski County 
2006: Received the Friend of Agriculture Award from MO Farm Bureau, Received the 100% for Jobs Award from the MO Chamber of Commerce, Voted “Best Politician” by citizens of Pulaski County (2nd year), Received Appreciation Award from MG Castro of Ft. Leonard Wood, 100% Voting Record with National Federation of Independent Businesses (NFIB)
2007: Named Legislator of the Year by the Veterans of Foreign War (VFW), Named Legislator of the Year by the American Legion, Certificate of Appreciation from the MO Association of Veteran’s Organizations, Received special recognition from the MO Sheriff’s Association, Award for support of the University of Missouri, Rolla (UMR), Voted “Best Politician” by citizens of Pulaski County (3rd year)
2008: Named Legislator of the Year by the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW), Certificate of Appreciation from the Under Secretary of Defense for passage of HB 1678, 100% Voting Record with National Federation of Independent Businesses (NFIB)
2009: Legislator Appreciation Award from the Pulaski County DAV, Presented the Colors of the Multi-National Task Force East and a Missouri Flag flown in his honor in Kosovo by BG Larry Kay in appreciation for Rep. Day's support of the military, Voted "Best Politician" by citizens of Pulaski County (4th time)
2010: Named Citizen of the Year by the Dixon Chamber of Commerce, 100% Voting Record with National Federation of Independent Businesses (NFIB), Received the Friend of Agriculture Award from MO Farm Bureau
2011: Named Legislator of the Year by the Missouri Assoc. of Veterans Organizations (MAVO), Named Legislator of the Year by the Missouri Forest Products Assoc.
2013: Received the Missouri Assoc. of Veterans Organizations (MAVO) Lifetime Achievement Award.
Personal.
Born on May 5, 1963 in Waynesville, Missouri, Day graduated Dixon High School in 1981. He currently lives in Dixon, Missouri with his wife, Leasa. They have a daughter, Savanna. David can often be found playing music across Missouri with Jenna Bilyeu & The Back Roads Band.

</doc>
<doc id="20284396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284396" title="Cukas">
Cukas

Cukas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20284400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284400" title="Mary Kincaid-Chauncey">
Mary Kincaid-Chauncey

Mary J. Kincaid-Chauncey is a former Democratic politician from Nevada. Kincaid-Chauncey served on the Clark County Commission until she was defeated for reelection and subsequently convicted of federal corruption charges.
Political career.
Kincaid-Chauncey was a flower shop owner from North Las Vegas. She served on the North Las Vegas City Council from 1978 to 1981 and again from 1984 to 1996. In 1996 she won a seat Clark County Commission as a Democrat. She was reelected in 2000.
Although actively under investigation for her involvement in Operation G-Sting at the time, in 2004 Kincaid-Chauncey ran for reelection to the Clark County Commission. She finished third in the Democratic primary behind John Bonaventura and the eventual winner, state Assemblyman Tom Collins.
"Operation G-Sting" Involvement and Conviction.
Along with former Clark County commissioners Erin Kenny, Dario Herrera, and several other local elected officials, Kincaid-Chauncey became embroiled in a corruption investigation involving a Las Vegas strip club which became known as Operation G-Sting. In May 2006 Kincaid-Chauncey was convicted of conspiracy, wire fraud and extortion stemming from charges that he and the other officials "used their public offices to further the interests of Michael Galardi, a strip club owner in Las Vegas. They solicited and accepted money, property, and services directly from Galardi and through co-defendant Lance Malone, another former county commissioner. The evidence demonstrated that members of the conspiracy concealed the payments they received from Galardi and failed to disclose the payments as required by law and their fiduciary duties as county commissioners." In August 2006 Kincaid-Chauncey was sentenced to 30 months in federal prison, fined $7,600 and ordered to forfeit $19,000 in assets. Although Kincaid-Chauncey's sentence was considerably lighter than Herrera's, unlike Herrera she attempted to appeal them.
In January 2007 Kincaid-Chauncey began serving her sentence at the Federal Correctional Complex near Victorville, California, a facility she requested due to its proximity to Las Vegas. She was released in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20284428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284428" title="John Harris (Australian politician)">
John Harris (Australian politician)

John Harris (3 December 1890 – 5 October 1974) was an Australian politician. Born in Sydney, he moved to Western Australia in 1898 and was educated at state schools in Perth. He became a blacksmith, and served in the military 1916-1919. He was Western Australian Secretary of the Australian Society of Engineers. In 1946, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Western Australia. He was defeated in 1951, but re-elected in 1953. He held the seat until his retirement in 1958, taking effect in 1959. Harris died in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20284450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284450" title="Boraebong">
Boraebong

Boraebong is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20284451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284451" title="Stolzenfels Castle">
Stolzenfels Castle

Stolzenfels Castle () is a castle near Koblenz on the Rhine, Germany.
History.
Finished in 1259, Stolzenfels was used to protect the toll station at the Rhine, where the ships, back then were the main transport for goods, had to stop and pay toll. Over the years it was extended several times, occupied by French and Swedish troops in the Thirty Years' War and finally, in 1689, destroyed by the French during the Nine Years' War. For 150 years the ruins decayed, until in 1815 they were given as a present to Frederick William IV of Prussia by the city of Koblenz. 
Following the romantic traditions, the prince started to completely rebuild the castle after 1826 as a summer residence. Supported by famous neoclassic architect Karl Friedrich Schinkel, the castle was completely remodeled in the then fashionable neo-Gothic style, aiming to create a romantic place representing the idea of medieval knighthood - the architects even created a tournament site.

</doc>
<doc id="20284466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284466" title="Revolt (disambiguation)">
Revolt (disambiguation)

A revolution or revolt is an attempt to fundamentally change an organizational structure in a relatively short period of time.
The adjective revolting can refer either to revolution as above, or to disgust.
Revolt may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20284495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284495" title="USS Wathena (ID-3884)">
USS Wathena (ID-3884)

The first USS "Wathena" (ID-3884) was a United States Navy cargo ship in commission in 1919.
"Wathena" was a steel-hulled, single-screw freighter built for the United States Shipping Board in 1918 at Bristol, Pennsylvania, by the Merchant Shipbuilding Corporation. She was taken over by the U.S. Navy on 1 February 1919 for operation by the Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS). Assigned Identification Number (Id. No.) 3884, she was placed in commission at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on the same day with Lieutenant Commander Percy E. Crosby, USNRF, in command.
"Wathena" conducted only one round-trip voyage for NOTS. Her holds loaded with 5,754 tons of cargo, she departed Philadelphia on 13 February 1919, bound for the British Isles. After arriving at London, England, on 1 March 1919, she discharged her cargo in the ensuing days, underwent voyage repairs, and departed on 17 March 1919 to return to the United States.
"Wathena" arrived back at Philadelphia on 3 April 1919 and was placed in line for demobilization soon thereafter. Decommissioned and struck from the Navy List on 10 April 1919, "Wathena" was simultaneously turned over to the United States Shipping Board.
"Wathena" remained in the ownership of the Shipping Board through the 1920s. Eventually laid up, she deteriorated so much that she was abandoned in 1933 due to "age and deterioration."

</doc>
<doc id="20284530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284530" title="Joe Cooke (politician)">
Joe Cooke (politician)

Joseph Alfred "Joe" Cooke (28 March 1904 – 14 April 1981) was an Australian politician. Born in Western Australia, he was educated at state schools before becoming a railways officer, rising to become President of the Railway Officers' Union. In 1946, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Western Australia. Defeated in 1951, he was re-appointed in 1952 after the death of Labor Senator Richard Nash. He held the seat until his defeat in 1964, when he was demoted to third place on the ballot paper to make way for Western Australian Labor Party Vice-President John Wheeldon. Cooke died in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20284569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284569" title="Sandy Shreve">
Sandy Shreve

Sandy Shreve is a Canadian poet living in Vancouver, British Columbia. Shreve has published four poetry collections, most recently "Suddenly, So Much". Recent work has appeared or is forthcoming in her chapbooks, "Cedar Cottage Suite" and "Level Crossing". Her work is widely anthologized and has won or been shortlisted for a variety of awards. She co-edited, with Kate Braid, the anthology "In Fine Form – The Canadian Book of Form Poetry" (Polestar, 2005, now available from Tightrope Books), edited "Working For A Living", a collection of poems and stories by women about their work (Room of One’s Own, 1988) and founded BC’s "Poetry in Transit," program, which has been displaying BC poetry in SkyTrain cars and buses across the province since 1996. She was born in Quebec and raised in Sackville, New Brunswick. She now lives in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Author
"Level Crossing", (forthcoming, Alfred Gustav Press, Fall 2012) 
"Cedar Cottage Suite", (Leaf Press, 2010) 
"Suddenly, So Much", (Exile Editions, 2005)
"Belonging" (Sono Nis Press, 1997)
"Bewildered Rituals" (Polestar Book Publishers, 1992)
"The Speed of The Wheel Is Up to the Potter" (Quarry Press, 1990)
Editor
"In Fine Form – The Canadian Book of Form Poetry" (with Kate Braid), Polestar Book Publishers, 2005 (now available from Tightrope Books). 
"Working For a Living", published as a special double issue of Room of One's Own (vol. 12 #s 2 & 3, 1988, 208 pp).

</doc>
<doc id="20284588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284588" title="A Swingin' Christmas (Featuring The Count Basie Big Band)">
A Swingin' Christmas (Featuring The Count Basie Big Band)

"A Swingin' Christmas" is a Christmas album by Tony Bennett, released in 2008, that features The Count Basie Big Band. Bennett's daughter Antonia Bennett also duets with him on one track.
The album was nominated for Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album at the 52nd Grammy Awards.
Track listing.
A great deal of retailers featured different variations:
Marketing campaign.
To promote the release of the album Bennett granted numerous interviews, and made a number of television show performances, from the time of its release through the holiday season. This included a special free street performance outside of Bloomingdales department store at 4:30 p.m. on November 20 in New York City in which he performed three songs – "I'll Be Home For Christmas," "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town" and "Jingle Bells" – prior to the unveiling of the store's Christmas window displays. He also performed a special one-off concert at New York's famed Apollo Theater on December 16, billed as his only show in direct support of the release with The Count Basie Big Band.
Chart performance and certifications.
After debuting at #159 on the Billboard 200 albums chart, the album has thus far peaked at #28 in its sixth week on the chart. It also reached the zenith of the Billboard Top Jazz Albums in its seventh week on said chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20284589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284589" title="Papua New Guinea Sculpture Garden">
Papua New Guinea Sculpture Garden

Stanford University has a variety of sculpture gardens scattered around the campus including the Papua New Guinea sculpture garden. This garden has wooden sculptures carved by natives of Papua New Guinea while they were in California.
Tours.
There is a frequent Sunday tour led by the Cantor Arts Center.

</doc>
<doc id="20284620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284620" title="I theia ap' to Chicago">
I theia ap' to Chicago

I theia apo to Chicago (, The Aunt from Chicago) is a 1957 Greek theatrical comedy film directed by Alekos Sakellarios and produced by Finos Films. The film made 142,459 tickets.
Plot.
A middle-aged man's (Makris) conservative life is disturbed, when his sister (Vasileiadou) returns to Greece, after many years in Chicago. Her arrival breathes new air to the family, and some extreme ideas of how to get her shy nieces to marry.

</doc>
<doc id="20284624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284624" title="Joshua T. Owen">
Joshua T. Owen

Joshua Thomas Owen (March 29, 1822 – November 7, 1887) was an educator, politician, and soldier from Pennsylvania who served as a Union brigadier general during the American Civil War. He commanded the famed Philadelphia Brigade for part of the war, but was relieved of duty for alleged cowardice during battle.
Early life and career.
Owen was born in Caermarthen, Wales. He emigrated from his home country to continental Europe in 1830, and later moved to the United States. He was a professor at the Chestnut Hill Academy in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and was a member of the Pennsylvania State Legislature from 1857 to 1869.
Civil War.
Owen entered the Civil War as the commander of the nine-month 25th Pennsylvania Infantry. When that unit was discharged, he took command of the 69th Pennsylvania Infantry, a predominantly Irish regiment that was part of the Philadelphia Brigade. He eventually rose to the command of the Philadelphia Brigade in the II Corps, Army of the Potomac. He led the brigade at Chancellorsville, where it performed barely any service. Owen was arrested and relieved of brigade command for reasons unknown. He was then replaced by Alexander S. Webb, who led the brigade admirably at Gettysburg. 
Owen later returned to his brigade after Gettysburg and led it at the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, and Cold Harbor, where he failed to support another brigade in the famed assault. He was arrested by Maj. Gen. John Gibbon on the charges of cowardice and was discharged from the army.
Postbellum career.
After the war, Owen returned to Pennsylvania and served various jobs. He died in Philadelphia and is buried there in Laurel Hill Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20284626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284626" title="Live at Brooklyn Academy of Music">
Live at Brooklyn Academy of Music

Live at Brooklyn Academy of Music is a live album released in 1986. It was the sixth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and the fifth to be released on the Italian Black Saint label.
The album features live performances by Hamiet Bluiett, Julius Hemphill, Oliver Lake and David Murray recorded at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in NYC on December 6–7, 1985. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "Of their six originals, it is as usual the three Hemphill contributions that are most memorable.".

</doc>
<doc id="20284645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284645" title="Seddon Vincent">
Seddon Vincent

Victor Seddon Vincent (1908 – 9 November 1964) was an Australian politician. Born at Leonora, Western Australia, he was educated at Scotch College in Perth, and then the University of Western Australia, becoming a barrister. He practiced in Kalgoorlie from 1931. After serving in World War II (1939-1945), he was a member of Kalgoorlie Municipal Council, and President of the Kalgoorlie Chamber of Commerce. In 1949, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for Western Australia. He held the seat until his death in 1964; Peter Sim was appointed to replace him.

</doc>
<doc id="20284689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284689" title="Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard &amp; Smith">
Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard &amp; Smith

Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard & Smith LLP is a law firm with 31 offices across the U.S. Founded in 1979, it has over 900 attorneys and is based in Los Angeles, California. The firm is the 32nd largest law firm in the country, the second largest law firm in the State of California, and the largest law firm in the City of Los Angeles.
Practices.
Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard & Smith represents clients in several practice areas, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20284704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284704" title="Thomas Hopper (cricketer)">
Thomas Hopper (cricketer)

Thomas Hopper (February 1, 1828 — July 13, 1877) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Gravesend and died in London.
Hopper made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1856 season, against Marylebone Cricket Club. From the tailend, he scored 0 not out in the first innings in which he batted, and 8 not out in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20284707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284707" title="Benjamin Collins (cricketer, born 1820)">
Benjamin Collins (cricketer, born 1820)

Benjamin Collins (15 October 1820 – 26 August 1903) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Cuxton and died in Cobham, Kent.
Collins made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1856 season, against Marylebone Cricket Club. From the tailend, he scored a duck in each innings in which he batted.
Collins' sons, Christopher and George, and grandson George, all played first-class cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="20284721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284721" title="Ezra Schwartz">
Ezra Schwartz

Ezra Schwartz is a Rosh Yeshiva and"bochein" at Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary, an affiliate of Yeshiva University in New York City. In that role he administers tests to incoming students and assigns students to classes. Schwartz is the fifth "bochein" in the history of RIETS. He succeeds Rabbi Yehuda Weil, Rabbi Mendel Zaks, the son in law of the Chofetz Chaim, Rabbi Shraga Feivel Paretzky, and Rabbi Eli B. Shulman. 
He now teaches in the RIETS semikha program. He used to be an instructor of Talmud at the Mazer Yeshiva Program in Yeshiva University. Prior to 2012, he instructed talmud at the Irving I. Stone Beit Midrash Program. He also coordinated the Rosansky Program in Contemporary Halacha. 
He was a member of the staff of YU President Richard M. Joel, where he served as Assistant to the President for Research and Communications.
Since September 2009, Rabbi Schwartz has been the Rabbi at the Mount Sinai Jewish Center of Washington Heights.

</doc>
<doc id="20284734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284734" title="Edmund Piesse">
Edmund Piesse

Edmund Stephen Roper Piesse (5 January 1900 – 25 August 1952) was an Australian politician. Born at Katanning, Western Australia, he was educated in Perth at Guildford Grammar School before returning to Katanning as a farmer and grazier. He was also a company director. In 1949 he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Country Party Senator for Western Australia.
He held the seat until his death by his own hand in 1952. He gassed himself in his car, at a rifle range near his home of Katanning. 
Bill Robinson was appointed to replace him.

</doc>
<doc id="20284757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284757" title="Future Attribute Screening Technology">
Future Attribute Screening Technology

Future Attribute Screening Technology (FAST) is a program created by the Department of Homeland Security. It was originally titled Project Hostile Intent. The purpose is to detect "Mal Intent" by screening people for "psychological and physiological indicators" in a "Mobile Screening Laboratory".
Background.
The program was under the Homeland Security Advanced Research Agency and the Science & Technology Human Factors Behavior Science Division of DHS. In a meeting held on July 24, 2008 the DHS Under Secretary Jay Cohen stated, the goal is to create a new technology that would be working in real time as opposed to after a crime is already committed.
The DHS science spokesman John Verrico stated in September 2008 that preliminary testing had demonstrated 78% accuracy on mal-intent detection and 80% on deception. However, this was not a controlled, double-blind study, and researchers from Lawrence University and the Federation of American Scientists have questioned its validity without further evidence.
The system measures pulse rate, skin temperature, breathing, facial expression, body movement, pupil dilation, and other "psycho physiological/behavioral patterns" to stop "unknown terrorists". The technology would mostly be used at airports, borders, and special events. Fox News reported that the mobile units transmit data to analysts, who use "a system to recognize, define and measure seven primary emotions and emotional cues that are reflected in contractions of facial muscles." The system is named MALINTENT. Results are transmitted back to screeners.
DHS produced a 'privacy impact assessement' in 2008. It described the system as comprising:
The DHS plan on using cameras and sensors to measure and track the changes in a person's body language, the tone of their voice and the rhythm of their speech. Civil Liberties Groups raised privacy concerns about the project but Burns from the DHS claims “the technology would erase data after each screening, and no personal information would be used to identify subjects, create files, or make lists”. He reassured the public that regulations would be put in place to protect privacy if and when the technology is deployed.
Controversy.
Other researchers such as Tom Ormerod, from the Investigative Expertise Unit at Lancaster University, argue that ordinary travel anxieties could cause false positives. "'Even having an iris scan or fingerprint read at immigration is enough to raise the heart rate of most legitimate travellers,' says Ormerod." Others noted that the basic premise may be flawed. Steven Aftergood, a senior research analyst at the Federation of American Scientists, stated "I believe that the premise of this approach — that there is an identifiable physiological signature uniquely associated with malicious intent — is mistaken. To my knowledge, it has not been demonstrated." The Nature article in which he was quoted went on to note that Altergood is concerned that the technology "will produce a large proportion of false positives, frequently tagging innocent people as potential terrorists and making the system unworkable in a busy airport."
Due to the ability of the system to 'read people's thoughts', it is potentially in violation of privacy laws such as the Fourth and Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. Of particular note is radio host Alex Jones' broadcast which emphasises the controversial nature of the program. A summary of the scientific and legal issues with the program was presented at DEF CON in 2011 by independent security researchers.

</doc>
<doc id="20284770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284770" title="Translocase of the inner membrane">
Translocase of the inner membrane

The translocase of the inner membrane (TIM) is a complex of proteins found in the inner mitochondrial membrane of the mitochondria. Components of the TIM complex facilitate the translocation of proteins across the inner membrane and into the matrix (biology). They also facilitate the insertion of proteins into the inner mitochondrial membrane, where they must reside in order to function, these mainly include members of the mitochondrial carrier family of proteins. 
The TIM23 complex.
The TIM23 complex facilitates translocation of matrix-targeted proteins into the mitochondrial matrix. These proteins contain a cleavable presequence. The TIM23 complex is made up of the subunits Tim17, Tim21 and Tim23, which are thought to contribute to the structural formation of the translocation channel that spans the inner membrane, and Tim44, which is a peripheral membrane protein. Tim44 is only weakly associated with Tim23 and is located on the matrix side of the inner membrane. At the opening of the TIM17-23 complex, Tim44 recruits mitochondrial heat shock protein 70, which further mediates translocation of the precursor through ATP hydrolysis. Following protein entry into the matrix, the presequence is cleaved off by the matrix processing peptidase and the protein undergoes folding into an active conformation, facilitated by HSP60.
The TIM22 complex.
The TIM22 complex is responsible for mediating the integration of carrier preproteins into the inner membrane. Tim22, a subunit of the TIM22 complex, forms a channel within the inner membrane and is referred to as the carrier translocase. Tim54 and the small Tim proteins, Tim9, Tim10 and Tim12 also contribute to the TIM22 complex as well as Tim18. The function of Tim18 is not yet clear; however it is believed to play a role in assembly and stabilisation of the TIM22 complex, although is not involved in protein insertion into the membrane. Tim54, although it does not associate directly with Tim22, is also believed to assist in the stability of Tim22. Unlike cleavable preproteins, following translocation across the outer membrane via the translocase of the outer membrane, carrier preproteins are bound by the soluble Tim9-Tim10 complex of which the majority of this complex (~95%) is free floating within the intermembrane space. It is possible that this small Tim complex is able to stabilise precursor carrier proteins by acting as a chaperone and preventing the hydrophobic precursors from aggregating in the aqueous environment of the intermembrane space. A small portion of Tim9 and Tim10 (~5%) assembles into a modified complex containing Tim12, on the outer surface of the TIM22 complex. Tim12 is membrane bound and thus may act as a linker molecule docking Tim9 and Tim10 to the face of the TIM22 complex. The carrier preprotein is then inserted into the inner mitochondrial membrane in a potential-dependent fashion. The membrane potential is necessary for both insertion of the precursor into the carrier translocase and lateral release of the protein into the lipid phase of the inner mitochondrial membrane, which completes protein translocation. However this membrane potential-dependent process takes place in absence of ATP-driven machinery.
Human proteins containing this domain.
TIM17A; TIMM17A; TIMM17B; TIMM22; TIMM23;
See also.
Sorting and assembly machinery

</doc>
<doc id="20284784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284784" title="Clinton Rickard">
Clinton Rickard

Clinton Rickard (1882-1971) was a Tuscarora chief known for founding the Indian Defense League, and for promoting Native American sovereignty. He worked for free passage of Native Americans across the US-Canada border, and to prevent the flooding of the Tuscarora Reservation. 
Biography.
"Clinton was one of ten soldiers detailed to protect Vice President Theodore Roosevelt on a visit to Buffalo in 1901. He later served with distinction in the US Cavalry during the Philippine insurrection after the Spanish American War."
He became a farmer, and was described as "plain-spoken."
In 1926, Chief Clinton Rickards founded the Indian Defense League with Chief David Hill, Jr. and Sophie Martin. The purpose of the League is "to promote unrestricted travel across the international border between the United States and Canada." "Chief Rickard always preached the sovereignty of Indian nations as national entities apart from the United States or Canada. Focused on defending the border rights guaranteed by the Jay Treaty, Rickard always stood firm on the principle that all Six Nations Indians were citizens of their own nations."
"Chief Rickard started the annual border-crossing ceremony to certify rights of Indians to cross the border free from fees or obstruction from either Canadian or American governments."
Deskaheh was influential in Rickard's commitment to the cause of free passage across the border.
While staying at Chief Rickard's house on the Tuscarora Reservation (in New York state) Deskaheh fell ill and sent for his traditional medicine man from the Six Nations Reserve in Canada. But the medicine man was not allowed across the border. The U.S. had just passed the Immigration Law of 1924, which denied entry to anyone who did not speak English ...
Although the measure was directed against Asians, covertly it allowed for the barring of North American Indians & thus the traditionally raised medicine man, who did not pass the English test since he only spoke his own language. He didn't make it to Deskaheh, who eventually who died in Chief Rickard's house.
On his deathbed in June 1925, Deskaheh told Rickard to "Fight for the line". Later that summer during the Six Nations Chiefs Council National Picnic the chosen successors to Deskaheh's work were: Chauncey Garlow (Mohawk) Alexander J. General (Cayuga) Robert Henhawk (Onondaga) & Clinton Rickard (Tuscarora) & so he devoted his life to defending the right of free passage for Aboriginal people.
In World War II, Rickard urged Native Americans volunteering to join the Armed Forces to do so as Native Americans, rather than as U.S. citizens:
"The Nationality Act, passed by Congress in 1940, not only conferred citizenship on American Indians (even though they had be granted citizenship in 1924), but required that Indian men register for the draft. Passage of the Act was opposed by the Indian Defense League of America. Tuscarora leader Clinton Rickard urged those who wished to volunteer for the armed services do so as alien non-residents."
"In 1958 the Power Authority of New York announced plans to flood approximately one-fifth of Tuscarora Reservation ... Chief Clinton Rickard was one of the leaders in the ensuing demonstrations and legal battles, which the Tuscarorans eventually lost."
He always wore "a buckskin suit and a large feather headdress through the 1960s when he attended public events."
Quote.
“In 1930 a serious threat faced our Six Nations people in the form of the Snell Bill in Congress, which would give control of our Six Nations to New York State. We Indians have always feared being under the thumb of
the state rather than continuing our relationship with the federal government because it is a well-known fact that those white people who live closest to Indians are always the most prejudiced against them and the most desirous of obtaining their lands. We have always had a better chance of obtaining justice from Washington than from the state or local government. Also in turning us over to the state, the federal government would be downgrading our significance as a people and ignoring the fact that our treaties are with the United States.
Legacy.
A statue of Chief Clinton Rickard is located "near the Great Lakes Gardens in Niagara Falls State Park."
His daughter, Beverly Rickard Hill, and granddaughter, Jolene Rickard, have continued his work.
An audio clip of Chief Rickard speaking in the Tuscarora language, "On the enlistment of a group of Tuscarora soldiers," is available on the American Philosophical Society website.

</doc>
<doc id="20284867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284867" title="Harrie Seward">
Harrie Seward

Harrie Stephen Seward (26 February 1884 – 23 July 1958) was an Australian politician. Born at Rochester, Victoria, he was educated in Ballarat at St Patrick's College. He became a bank officer, and moved to Western Australia, becoming a farmer at Pingelly from 1913. He served in the military 1915-1919. In 1933 he was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Assembly as the Country Party member for Pingelly, serving as Minister for Railways and Transport 1947-1948. In 1950, he left the Assembly, and in 1951 was elected to the Australian Senate as a Country Party Senator for Western Australia. He held the seat until his death in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20284924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284924" title="Multiview orthographic projection">
Multiview orthographic projection

In technical drawing and computer graphics, a multiview orthographic projection is an illustration technique in which up to six pictures of an object are produced, with each projection plane parallel to one of the coordinate axes of the object.
The views are positioned relative to each other according to either of two schemes: "first-angle" or "third-angle" projection. In each, the appearances of views may be thought of as being "projected" onto planes that form a 6-sided box around the object.
Overview.
Quadrants in descriptive geometry.
Modern orthographic projection is derived from Gaspard Monge's descriptive geometry. Monge defined a reference system of two viewing planes, horizontal "H" ("ground") and vertical "V" ("backdrop"). These two planes intersect to partition 3D space into 4 quadrants, which he labeled:
These quadrant labels are the same as used in 2D planar geometry, as seen from infinitely far to the "left", taking "H" and "V" to be the "X"-axis and "Y"-axis, respectively.
The 3D object of interest is then placed into either quadrant "I" or "III" (equivalently, the position of the intersection line between the two planes is shifted), obtaining "first"- and "third-angle" projections, respectively. Quadrants "II" and "IV" are also mathematically valid, but their use would result in one view "true" and the other view "flipped" by 180° through its vertical centerline, which is too confusing for technical drawings. (In cases where such a view is useful, e.g. a ceiling viewed from above, a reflected view is used, which is a mirror image of the true orthographic view.) 
Monge's original formulation uses two planes only, and obtains the top and front views only. The addition of a third plane to show a side view (either left or right) is a modern extension. The terminology of "quadrant" is a mild anachronism, as a modern orthographic projection with three views corresponds more precisely to an octant of 3D space.
First-angle projection.
In first-angle projection, the object is conceptually located in quadrant I, i.e. it floats above and before the viewing planes, the planes are opaque, and each view is pushed through the object onto the plane furthest from it. (Mnemonic: an "actor on a stage".) Extending to the 6-sided box, each view of the object is projected in the direction (sense) of sight of the object, onto the (opaque) interior walls of the box; that is, each view of the object is drawn on the opposite side of the box. A two-dimensional representation of the object is then created by "unfolding" the box, to view all of the interior walls. This produces two plans and four elevations. A simpler way to visualize this is to place the
object on top of an upside-down bowl. Sliding the object down the right edge of the bowl reveals the right side view. 
"'
Third-angle projection.
In third-angle projection, the object is conceptually located in quadrant III, i.e. it is positioned below and behind the viewing planes, the planes are transparent, and each view is pulled onto the plane closest to it. (Mnemonic: a "shark in a tank", esp. that is sunken into the floor.) Using the 6-sided viewing box, each view of the object is projected opposite to the direction (sense) of sight, onto the (transparent) exterior walls of the box; that is, each view of the object is drawn on the same side of the box. The box is then unfolded to view all of its exterior walls. A simpler way to visualize this is to place the object in the bottom of a bowl. Sliding the object up the right edge of the bowl reveals the right side view. 
Here is the construction of third angle projections of the same object as above. Note that the individual views are the same, just arranged differently.
Additional information.
First-angle projection is as if the object were sitting on the paper and, from
the "face" (front) view, it is rolled to the right to show the left side or rolled up to show its bottom. It is standard throughout Europe (excluding the UK) and Asia. First-angle projection used to be common in the UK, and may still be seen on historical design drawings, but has now fallen into disuse in favour of third-angle projection.
Third-angle is as if the object were a box to be unfolded. If we unfold the box so that the front view is in the center of the two arms, then the top view is above it, the bottom view is below it, the left view is to the left, and the right view is to the right. It is standard in the United Kingdom (BS 8888:2006 specifies it as the default projection system), USA (ASME Y14.3-2003 specifies it as the default projection system), Canada, and Australia.
Both first-angle and third-angle projections result in the same 6 views; the difference between them is the arrangement of these views around the box.
A great deal of confusion has ensued in drafting rooms and engineering departments when drawings are transferred from one convention to another. On engineering drawings, the projection angle is denoted by an international symbol consisting of a truncated cone, respectively for first-angle (FR) and third-angle (US):
The 3D interpretation of the symbol can be deduced by envisioning a solid truncated cone, standing upright with its large end on the floor and the small end upward. The top view is therefore two concentric circles ("donut"). In particular, the fact that the inner circle is drawn with a solid line instead of dashed disambiguates this view as the top view, not the bottom view.
Multiviews without rotation.
Orthographic multiview projection is derived from the principles of descriptive geometry and may produce an image of a specified, imaginary object as viewed from any direction of space. Orthographic projection is distinguished by parallel projectors emanating from all points of the imaged object and which intersect a plane of projection at right angles. Above, a technique is described that obtains varying views by projecting images after the object is rotated to a desired position.
Descriptive geometry customarily relies on obtaining various views by imagining an object to be stationary, and changing the direction of projection (viewing) in order to obtain the desired view.
See "Figure 1". Using the rotation technique above, note that no orthographic view is available looking perpendicularly at any of the inclined surfaces. Suppose a technician desired such a view to, say, look through a hole to be drilled perpendicularly to the surface. Such a view might be desired for calculating clearances or for dimensioning purposes. To obtain this view without multiple rotations requires the principles of Descriptive Geometry. The steps below describe the use of these principles in third angle projection.
Views.
Section.
A section, or "cross-section", is a view of a 3-dimensional object from the position of a plane through the object. 
A cross section is a common method of depicting the internal arrangement of a 3-dimensional object in two dimensions. It is often used in technical drawing and is traditionally crosshatched. The style of crosshatching indicates the type of material the section passes through.
With computed axial tomography, computers construct cross-sections from x-ray data.
Elevation.
An elevation is a view of a 3-dimensional object from the position of a horizontal plane beside an object. In other words, an elevation is a side-view as viewed from the front, back, left or right (and referred to as a "front elevation", "right side elevation", and a "rear elevation"). It is the corollary to the concept of a "view" (which is always overhead and is therefore referred to as an "overhead view"). 
An elevation is a common method of depicting the external configuration and detailing of a 3-dimensional object in two dimensions. Building façades are shown as elevations in architectural drawings and technical drawings.
Elevations are the most common orthographic projection for conveying the appearance of a building from the exterior. Perspectives are also commonly used for this purpose. A building elevation is typically labeled in relation to the compass direction it faces; the direction from which a person views it. E.g. the North Elevation of a building is the side that most closely faces true north on the compass.
Interior elevations are used to show detailing such as millwork and trim configurations.
In the building industry elevations are a non-perspective view of the structure. These are drawn to scale so that measurements can be taken for any aspect necessary. Drawing sets include front, rear and both side elevations. The elevations specify the composition of the different facades of the building, including ridge heights, the positioning of the final fall of the land, exterior finishes, roof pitches and other architectural details.
Developed Elevation.
A developed elevation is a variant of a regular elevation view in which several adjacent non-parallel sides may be shown together, as if they have been unfolded. For example, the north and west views may be shown side-by-side, sharing an edge, even though this does not represent a proper orthographic projection.
Plan.
A plan is a view of a 3-dimensional object from the position of a horizontal plane through, above, or below the object. In such views, the portion of the object in front of the plane is omitted to reveal what lies beyond. In the case of a floor plan, the roof and upper portion of the walls may be omitted. Elevations, top (roof) plans, and bottom plans are orthographic projections, but they are not sections as their viewing plane is outside of the object.
A plan is a common method of depicting the internal arrangement of a 3-dimensional object in two dimensions. It is often used in technical drawing and is traditionally cross-hatched. The style of crosshatching indicates the type of material the section passes through.
Auxiliary view.
An auxiliary view is a view taken from an angle that is "not" one of the primary views. An auxiliary view is a view at an angle used to give deeper insight into the actual shape of the object. An auxiliary view is used to show a slanted surface in true size and shape. This is accomplished by providing a view that is perpendicular to the slanted surface.
These allow the true shape/dimension of features at any angle relative to the main views to be shown .

</doc>
<doc id="20284934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284934" title="Sufi Dynasty">
Sufi Dynasty

The Sufid dynasty was a Turkic dynasty that ruled in Khwarezm, in the Amu Darya river delta. Although the dynasty's independence was short-lived (c. 1361 – 1379), its later members continued to rule Khwarezm intermittently as governors of the Timurid Empire until the takeover of Khwarezm by the Shaybanid Uzbeks in 1505. Unlike earlier dynasties that ruled from Khwarezm, the Sufids never used the title of "Khwarezmshah".
History.
Husain Sufi.
After the annexation of Khwarezm into the Mongol Empire in the early 13th century, it had become divided into two parts. The northern half went to the khans of the White Horde, while the southern half fell into the hands of the "ulus" of Chagatai. This division remained in place until the 1350s, when the Sufid dynasty took power in Khwarezm.
The first Sufid ruler, Husain Sufi, was a member of the Onggirat, a constituent tribe of the White Horde. Husain Sufi took control of Urgench and the rest of the northern part of Khwarezm; coins in the province were minted for him beginning in 1364. He also took advantage of the troubles plaguing Transoxiana at the time by seizing Kath and Khiva, which were allocated to the Chagatai khans.
This encroachment on what was considered to be Chagatai territory ultimately led to conflict with the "amir" Timur. At the time of the seizure of Kath and Khiva Transoxiana had lacked a ruler who could respond, but by 1369 Timur had unified the region under his rule. Timur, who maintained a puppet Chagatai khan, felt strong enough to demand the return of Kath and Khiva from Husain Sufi in the early 1370s.
Husain Sufi's refusal to return southern Khwarezm caused Timur to go to war against him in 1372. Kath was quickly overrun; Husain Sufi decided to fortify Urgench and remain there. Urgench was surrounded by Timur's army and Husain Sufi died during the siege.
Yusuf Sufi.
Husain Sufi was succeeded by his brother, Yusuf Sufi, who concluded a peace with Timur in which Timur received Kath and Khiva. Timur's army left northern Khwarezm; in the following year, however, Yusuf Sufi provoked Timur by invading his territories and trying to retake Kath and Khiva. This led Timur to undertake a second campaign against him in 1373, but Yusuf Sufi quickly sent his apologies and gave his daughter Khanzade in marriage to Timur's son Jahangir in exchange for peace.
Yusuf Sufi's continuing incursions into Timur's territory prompted another invasion in 1379. This time Urgench was besieged; Yusuf Sufi died in the middle of the siege and Timur demanded the city's surrender. They city refused; as a result when Timur's army finally did capture it by force, a general massacre followed and the city was burned.
Suleiman Sufi.
The Sufids' defeat at the hands of Timur did not shake their desire to retain their hold on Khwarezm. Suleiman Sufi allied with the khan of the Golden Horde, Tokhtamysh, and in 1387 revolted in concert with the khan's invasion of Transoxiana. Timur immediately took action against Suleiman Shah, overrunning Khwarezm and crushing the rebellion.
Later Sufids.
Despite their loss of independence, the Sufids continued to play an influential role in the Timurid Empire. In the late 14th century one Yayïq Sufi is mentioned; a probable member of the Sufid line, Yayïq Sufi obtained a high position in Timur's army. He rebelled in 1393/4, but was defeated and imprisoned.
In the 15th century Khwarezm was usually controlled by the Timurids, although it on occasion fell into the hands of the khans of the Golden Horde as well as the Uzbeks. The Sufids retained some power in the province, with individual members acting as governors for the powers of the region. In 1464 an 'Uthman b. Muhammad Sufi is mentioned. In 1505, a Chin Sufi was in charge of the province, but in that year the Uzbek Muhammad Shaybani invaded Khwarezm and annexed the province. Uzbek Khanate was defeated by Safavids and Khwarezm was occupied by Persians between 1510 and 1511. Finally, Uzbeks and Turkmens won independence war of 2 years against them and founded second Uzbek state, Khanate of Khiva.

</doc>
<doc id="20284964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284964" title="Bill Robinson (Australian politician)">
Bill Robinson (Australian politician)

William Charles "Bill" Robinson (4 October 1907 – 21 January 1981) was an English-born Australian politician. Born in Hertfordshire, he migrated to Australia as a child and was educated at state schools in Western Australia. He became a farmer in the Williams District. He served in the military 1942-1945. In 1952, he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Country Party Senator for Western Australia, filling the casual vacancy caused by the death of Senator Edmund Piesse. He contested the 1953 election but was defeated. Robinson died in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20284992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20284992" title="USS Wathena (YTB-825)">
USS Wathena (YTB-825)

USS "Wathena" (YTB-825) was a United States Navy large district harbor tug named for Wathena, Kansas.
Construction and commissioning.
The contract for "Wathena" was awarded 9 August 1971. She was laid down down on 4 April 1973 at Marinette, Wisconsin, by Marinette Marine and launched 6 September 1973.
Operational history.
Placed in service soon thereafter at Norfolk, Virginia, in the 5th Naval District, "Wathena" provided assistance and towing services there until probably 1997.
Stricken from the Navy List 28 October 1997, "Wathena" was sold by the General Services Administration 17 May 2000. Renamed "Patrick McAllister", ex-"Wathena" is in commercial service.

</doc>
<doc id="20285011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285011" title="Fernandez College of Arts and Technology">
Fernandez College of Arts and Technology

Fernandez College of Arts and Technology (FCAT) is located in the Baliuag and San Rafael municipalities of Bulacan. 
Fernandez College started as a technical skills school in Cruz na Daan, San Rafael, Bulacan in June 1993 with about 250 students. With a dream to help many more financially challenged but deserving students, FCAT established its main branch in Baliuag, Bulacan. By June 1996, there were around 900 students and this continued to increase over the years because of the school’s pursuit of its mission and vision. 
It has three branches: two in Baliuag and one in Cruz na Daan with a total of around 1,500 students. The college is now a non-stock non-profit organization that offers a four-year courses and two-year technical skills courses as well as review and modular courses, such as caregiver. The college emphasizes effective education that helps its graduates face life’s challenges.

</doc>
<doc id="20285033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285033" title="Canadian Pacific 374">
Canadian Pacific 374

Engine No. 374 was the steam engine which pulled the first transcontinental train to arrive in Vancouver, arriving on May 23, 1887. This was a year after its sister Engine No. 371 brought the first Canadian Pacific Railway train to cross Canada into Port Moody. No. 374 was built by the CPR in 1886 and was one of eight similar 4-4-0 steam locomotives built that year in the Montreal shops.
While No. 371 was scrapped in 1915, No. 374 was completely rebuilt in 1914 and continued in service until 1945. It was then cosmetically restored to look similar to its original 1886 appearance and put on display at Kitsilano beach. It remained there until 1983 when it was moved to a warehouse on Granville Island and received a new round of restoration work. No. 374 was put on display on the turntable at the renovated CPR Drake Street roundhouse during Expo 86.
In the 1990s the roundhouse site was converted into a community centre as part of the Yaletown area redevelopment and a new building, the 374 Station Pavilion, was built to house and preserve No. 374. 
It is currently open for public viewing (11am-3pm, 7 days a week) at the Roundhouse Community Arts and Recreation Centre at 181 Roundhouse Mews in Vancouver, BC. An anniversary celebration happens annually at the Roundhouse Turntable, and for 2013 it will be on May 19th, from 12noon - 3pm.

</doc>
<doc id="20285042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285042" title="George Branson">
George Branson

George Howard Branson (23 February 1918 – 27 January 1999) was an Australian politician. Born in Perth, Western Australia, he was educated at state schools before becoming a sales manager. He served in the military 1940-1946, returning to become a farmer. In 1958, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for Western Australia. He held the seat until his retirement in 1970. Branson died in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20285054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285054" title="Great Salt Lake State Park">
Great Salt Lake State Park

The Great Salt Lake State Marina is a state park in Salt Lake County, Utah, USA.
History.
The Great Salt Lake State Marina opened to the public as a state park in 1978, and the marina itself was expanded two years later. 
Geography.
The park is located at an elevation of 4200 feet, on the south shore of the Great Salt Lake, 16 miles west of Salt Lake City. 
Park facilities.
The park features a 300 slip marina along with a boat ramp, and is popular for swimming, and picnicking. There are restrooms and showers.
It is home to the Great Salt Lake Yacht Club. 
See also.
Great Salt Lake
External links.
Great Salt Lake State Marina website 

</doc>
<doc id="20285102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285102" title="Harry Cant">
Harry Cant

Hartley Gordon James "Harry" Cant (19 November 1907 – 3 March 1977) was an Australian politician. Born at Mount Magnet, Western Australia, he was educated at state schools and then the School of Mines in Kalgoorlie, becoming a miner. He was an official with the Australian Workers' Union. In 1958, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Western Australia. He held the seat until 1974, when he retired. Cant died in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20285119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285119" title="Wathena (chief)">
Wathena (chief)

Wathena (pronounced Wah-The-Nah) was a Native American chief of the Kickapoo tribe. His name translates as "Sun Shining on Moose Horns."
He lived on land which is now the site of the city of Wathena in Doniphan County, Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="20285142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285142" title="Structure constants">
Structure constants

In group theory, a discipline within mathematics, the structure constants of a Lie group determine the commutation relations between its generators in the associated Lie algebra. 
Definition.
Given a set of generators formula_1, the structure constants formula_2express the Lie brackets of pairs of generators as linear combinations of generators from the set, i.e. 
The structure constants determine the Lie brackets of elements of the Lie algebra, and consequently nearly completely determine the group structure of the Lie group. For small elements formula_4 of the Lie algebra, the structure of the Lie group near the identity element is given by formula_5. This expression is made exact by the Baker–Campbell–Hausdorff formula.
Examples.
SU(2).
The generators of the group SU(2) satisfy the commutation relations (where formula_6 is the Levi-Civita symbol):
In this case, formula_8, and the distinction between upper and lower indexes doesn't matter (the metric is the Kronecker delta formula_9).
SU(3).
A less trivial example is given by SU(3):
Its generators, "T", in the defining representation, are:
where formula_11, the Gell-Mann matrices, are the SU(3) analog of the Pauli matrices for SU(2):
These obey the relations
The structure constants are given by:
and all other formula_2 not related to these by permutation are zero.
The "d" take the values:
Hall polynomials.
The Hall polynomials are the structure constants of the Hall algebra.

</doc>
<doc id="20285184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285184" title="100 Wayz">
100 Wayz

100 Wayz is the seventh studio album by rap group Tha Dogg Pound. It was originally scheduled to be released after their 2007 release, "Dogg Chit". Their sixth album, "That Was Then, This Is Now" was released instead. "100 Wayz" was released on August 17, 2010 but Amazon.com put it up for pre-order sale three weeks earlier on July 27, 2010.
Background.
After waiting almost two years to release "100 Wayz" through Koch Records, Tha Dogg Pound left Koch and began working on "That Was Then, This Is Now." Daz Dillinger criticized Alan Grunblatt in recent interviews and mixtapes, ruling out any future releases through Koch Records. However he also stated that "100 Wayz" would still be coming out, but with new and unleaked material. The original singles and several tracks that were promoting the "100 Wayz" album during 2008 and early 2009 were now included on "That Was Then, This Is Now".
On 1 December 2009, Daz gave a preview of his new single for the "100 Wayz" album, called "sky'z tha limit", which Soopafly & Daz on the productions. Daz announced there would be 16 brand new tracks on the "100 Wayz" album, and it would be released in 2010 through major distribution, and executive produced by Snoop Dogg, as well as released through the Doggystyle Records imprint.
Collaborations.
Daz and Kurupt stated in a 2008 interview with DubCNN, that the album will feature Krayzie Bone on a song called "Money Foldin", as well as Cassidy on a remix of the Daz song "I'm From The Hood". They've also done a track with Pharrell called "Cheat". These tracks were later moved to the album "That Was Then, This Is Now".

</doc>
<doc id="20285259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285259" title="Edgar Prowse">
Edgar Prowse

Edgar Wylie Prowse (22 March 1905 – 2 June 1977) was an Australian politician. Born in Kokeby, Western Australia, he was educated at state schools and then the University of Western Australia, becoming an agricultural scientist. He was a farmer at Doodlakine and Albany. The nephew of Country Party MP John Prowse, he was President of the Western Australian Country Party 1957-1962. In 1961 he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Country Party Senator for Western Australia. He held the seat until his resignation in 1973. Prowse died in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20285282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285282" title="Athens-Piraeus Football Clubs Association">
Athens-Piraeus Football Clubs Association

The Athens-Piraeus Football Clubs Association (FCA) [ , "Enosi Podosferikon Somation (E.P.S.) Athinon-Pireos" ] was founded in 1919 and was the first official FCA in Greece. It was renamed Greece Football Clubs Association (FCA) [ , "Enosi Podosferikon Somation (E.P.S.) Ellados" ] in 1921. The Association organized four championships from 1920-21 to 1923-24. The first two of them had in fact a national status, as there was no other local FCA established in Greece yet. In 1923 the Macedonia FCA was founded, so the Greece FCA lost its national status. Due to a dispute among the teams of Athens and those of Piraeus, it was split into Athens and Piraeus Football Clubs Associations in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="20285331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285331" title="Peter Sim">
Peter Sim

John Peter Sim (born 21 June 1917) was an Australian politician. Born in Victoria, he was a farmer in Western Australia before serving in the military 1941-1946. He was Vice-President of the Western Australian Liberal Party 1960-1962. On 26 November 1964, he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Liberal Senator for Western Australia, filling the casual vacancy caused by the death of Senator Seddon Vincent. He held the seat until his retirement in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20285354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285354" title="Begich">
Begich

Begich was commander of the Tatars in the Battle of the Vozha River in 1378.
Begich may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20285356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285356" title="Dances and Ballads">
Dances and Ballads

Dances and Ballads was the eighth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet, released in 1988 and featuring performances by Hamiet Bluiett, Julius Hemphill, Oliver Lake and David Murray.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "This is an underrated release, recorded between their better-known Plays Duke Ellington and Rhythm and Blues CDs.".

</doc>
<doc id="20285361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285361" title="L. Frank Baum's Juvenile Speaker">
L. Frank Baum's Juvenile Speaker

"L. Frank Baum's Juvenile Speaker: Readings and Recitations in Prose and Verse, Humorous and Otherwise is an anthology of literary works by L. Frank Baum, author of the Oz books. The book was first published in 1910, with illustrations by veteran Baum artists John R. Neill and Maginel Wright Enright; a subsequent 1912 edition was retitled Baum's Own Book for Children". The book constitutes a complex element in the Baum bibliography.
Baum intended the anthology for schools, to be used in instruction in public speaking. The collection includes versions of previously published material from Baum's Oz books, "", and other works, plus new selections like "Prince Marvel", a short play for child actors based on "The Enchanted Island of Yew".
One of the selections is "Little Bun Rabbit," the final piece in Baum's "Mother Goose in Prose" from 1897. The protagonist in Baum's version of the nursery rhyme is a little girl who can talk to animals — named Dorothy. When Baum reprinted in story in his "Juvenile Speaker", he changed the character's name to Doris, to forestall confusion with Dorothy Gale from "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz".
Baum made other revisions in his reprinted texts. One example: the 20th chapter in "The Wonderful Wizard", "The Dainty China Country," was revised into a stand-alone tale, "In Chinaland;" and Baum removed the detail in which the Cowardly Lion accidentally destroys a small china church with his tail.
Reprints.
Materials from the "Juvenile Speaker" were republished in different volumes in later years. In 1916 and 1917, Baum's publisher Reilly & Britton issued stories from the anthology in six smaller 62-page books collectively called "The Snuggle Tales", with black-and-white Neill illustrations. (They were originally sold for $0.40 each.) The publisher had used this approach successfully in the "Little Wizard Stories of Oz" in 1913–14, as a way of reaching beginning readers. The six "Snuggle Tales" books are:
In turn, "The Snuggle Tales" were later republished with added color plates as the "Oz-Man Tales", issued in 1920.
To illustrate the type of materials involved, consider the contents of the fourth "Snuggle Tales" volume, "The Magic Cloak and Other Stories":

</doc>
<doc id="20285367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285367" title="Yenilik">
Yenilik

Yenilik is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,174. The municipality consists of the villages of Yenilik, Gursulu, and Elabad.

</doc>
<doc id="20285371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285371" title="Aratlı-Curuğlu">
Aratlı-Curuğlu

Aratlı-Curuğlu (known as İkinci Aratkənd until 1992) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 556. 

</doc>
<doc id="20285376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285376" title="Maşadqanlı">
Maşadqanlı

Maşadqanlı (known as Birinci Aratkənd until 1992) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 523. 

</doc>
<doc id="20285380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285380" title="Ülgüc">
Ülgüc

Ülgüc is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 515. 

</doc>
<doc id="20285383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285383" title="Cəfərli, Agsu">
Cəfərli, Agsu

Cəfərli is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 474. 

</doc>
<doc id="20285384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285384" title="Təklə, Agsu">
Təklə, Agsu

Təklə is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 434. 

</doc>
<doc id="20285387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285387" title="Bəyimli, Agsu">
Bəyimli, Agsu

Bəyimli is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 331. 

</doc>
<doc id="20285413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285413" title="Laurie Wilkinson">
Laurie Wilkinson

Lawrence Degenhardt "Laurie" Wilkinson (12 November 1903 – 9 November 1991) was an Australian politician. Born in Perth, Western Australia, he was educated at Perth Modern School, then the South Australian School of Mines and finally the University of Adelaide before becoming an electrical engineer. He was also a dairy farmer and telecommunications engineer. In 1966, he won a special election for the Australian Senate to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Liberal Senator Shane Paltridge, which had already been filled by Reg Withers; Wilkinson, as a Labor Party candidate, defeated Withers to win the seat. He held the seat until his retirement in 1974. Wilkinson died in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20285422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285422" title="Gursulu">
Gursulu

Gursulu is a village in the municipality of Yenilik in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20285428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285428" title="Nicholas Longano">
Nicholas Longano

Nicholas Longano (born 28 May 1965 in Melbourne, Australia) is a video gaming executive known for launching numerous franchises such as Blizzard’s Diablo II and Valve’s Half Life.
Longano married Pauline Elena Aguilera (the great-great-granddaughter of Philip Lehman, of Lehman Brothers) on 9 May 1998. The couple now has two children.
Early years.
In 1987 Longano launched Evian Spring Water in the Australian market for Cadbury Schweppes. There he attended David Syme Business School at Australia's prestigious Monash University and earned degrees in Marketing - MBA Equivalent and in Psychology.
Fashion and beauty.
Longano moved to New York in 1992 where he served 2 years as Product Manager for L'Oréal, developing hair color products, including L'Oréal Excellence Crème and Performing Preference. From that, he went on to Revlon, where he grew the Revlon Colorstay, Age Defying, and New Complexion Foundation lines to #1, #2 and #3 in the market, respectively.
Longano started his executive tenure in the fashion and beauty industry in April 1997 as the Executive Vice President of Renaissance Cosmetics.
That next year, Longano would join Calvin Klein Cosmetics as the General Manager. There, he developed and launched the Calvin Klein line of color cosmetics and skincare products in 100 doors, across 21 countries.
Gaming.
Vivendi Universal Games.
In January 2001, Longano entered the world of gaming when he was brought on as Executive Vice President of Marketing at Vivendi Universal Games where he worked on several video game titles including "", (2004), "The Hulk", (2003), "Van Helsing" (2004), "", (2003), "", (2003), "Dr. Seuss' The Cat in the Hat", (2003), "", (2002), "The Thing", (2002), "", (2002), "", (2001), "The Thing", (2002), "Battlestar Galactica", (2003), "Aliens vs Predator 2", (2002), "Crash Bandicoot 2", "Crash Nitro Kart" (2003), "". and many other titles. By May 2002 he was General Manager of Universal Studios video game development division.
Massive Incorporated.
In 2005, as President of New Media at Massive Incorporated, Longano was the key player in the in-game advertising market, and he brokered exclusive, long-term publisher agreements for Massive with 20 video game publishers. He pioneered Massive's greenlight process, which is applied to any potential games for the network by all publishers in the video game industry. In May 2006, Massive was acquired by Microsoft for reportedly several hundred million—providing investors a 1000% ROI. Longano would leave Massive later that year.
Brash Entertainment.
One year later, Longano formed Brash Entertainment, along with 3 partners: Mitch Davis, Thomas Tull and Bert Ellis. Longano served as President and COO. He was instrumental in setting up the operations for Brash—a video game publisher which focused its development on film-based IP. Over the course of 16 months, Longano and his 3 partners raised USD$150 million in funding, closed over 25 tent pole film licenses from Hollywood studios, including Warner, Universal, Fox, Lionsgate and Legendary. He led development on 14 titles, including "Superman 2", "300", "Night at the Museum 2", "SAW", "The Flash", "Alvin and the Chipmunks" and "Clash of the Titans".
By Jan 2008, speculation about Longano and Davis leaving Brash began to spread. In May 2008, Longano left Brash to pursue another entrepreneurial endeavor. While he kept an interest in the company as an investor, he no longer led the company.
Online.
Marquee, Incorporated.
In 2010 Nicholas Longano founded Marquee Productions, Inc., an interactive 3D entertainment network he built with a focus on broadcasting music and concert events to global audiences.  He currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board.  The network was built to distribute, monetize and support all forms of entertainment through online, tablet and mobile devices, and Smart TVs. The platform broadcasts live performances, concerts, comedy, film, the arts and sports to live audiences that can interact in real time and experience the events, within 3D virtual environments of the real world settings.

</doc>
<doc id="20285429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285429" title="Elabad">
Elabad

Elabad is a village in the municipality of Yenilik in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20285435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285435" title="Zərqava, Agsu">
Zərqava, Agsu

Zərqava (also, Zarqava) is a village in the municipality of Nuran in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20285442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285442" title="Quzey">
Quzey

Quzey (also, Quzay) is a village in the municipality of Nüydü in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20285449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285449" title="Pallium (neuroanatomy)">
Pallium (neuroanatomy)

In neuroanatomy, pallium refers to the layers of gray and white matter that cover the upper surface of the cerebrum in vertebrates. The non-pallial part of the telencephalon builds the subpallium. In basal vertebrates the pallium is a relatively simple three-layered structure, encompassing 3-4 histogenetically distinct domains, plus the olfactory bulb. It used to be thought that pallium equals cortex and subpallium equals telencephalic nuclei, but it has turned out, according to comparative evidence provided by molecular markers, that the pallium develops both cortical structures (allocortex and isocortex) and pallial nuclei (claustroamygdaloid complex), whereas the subpallium develops striatal, pallidal, diagonal-innominate and preoptic nuclei, plus the corticoid structure of the olfactory tuberculum. In mammals, the cortical part of the pallium registers a definite evolutionary step-up in complexity, forming the cerebral cortex, most of which consists of a progressively expanded six-layered portion isocortex, with simpler three-layered cortical regions allocortex at the margins. The allocortex subdivides into hippocampal allocortex, medially, and olfactory allocortex, laterally (including rostrally the olfactory bulb and anterior olfactory areas).
Structure.
The general layout or Bauplan of the pallium is already clearly defined in animals with relatively simple brains, including lampreys, sharks and amphibians. In teleost fish, reptiles, birds, and mammals, the pallial architecture is greatly modified (sharply divergently in fish), with differential growth and specialization of diverse sectors of the conserved pallial Bauplan. In all vertebrate brains, the telencephalic forebrain consists of two hemispheres, joined at the midline by a region called the septum. The septum is continuous with the preoptic area across the plane defined by the anterior commissure; it is largely subpallial, but also contains a small pallial portion, where the hippocampal commissure forms, which is contiguous to the medial pallium. The telencephalic part of the rostral choroidal tela (roof plate continuous caudally with a diencephalic part) is inserted at the back of this commissure at a locus where mammals show the subfornical circumventricular organ, and extends laterally over the interventricular foramen into a wing-shaped medial telencephalic territory, the so-called choroidal fissure. Here the choroidal tissue is attached to the fimbria of the hippocampus (also known as the cortical hem area), bordering lengthwise the medial pallium. At its rostral and caudal ends, the medial pallium contacts the ventral pallium, which builds the pallial portion that contacts the subpallium across the pallio subpallial boundary, observed at the lateral telencephalic wall. Inside the ring formed thus by the medial and ventral pallium there is a sort of island that contains the dorsal and lateral pallial portions. In older literature the pallium used to be subdivided only into three zones, called the medial pallium, dorsal (or dorsolateral) pallium, and lateral pallium. The old lateral pallium encompassed the modern lateral and ventral parts of the pallium. The medial pallium is the progenitor of the mammalian hippocampus, and is thought to be involved in spatial cognitive mapping and memory formation across a broad range of species. The lateral and ventral pallium is the progenitor of the mammalian piriform cortex, and has an olfactory function in every species in which it has been studied. The evolutionary diversifications and specialization in functions of the dorsal pallium have been more difficult to decipher. It is widely believed to be the progenitor of the bulk of the mammalian cerebral cortex, although the evidence for this is considered by some anatomists not yet to be conclusive.
Importantly, the lateral and ventral parts of the pallium produce also deep to their respective sectors of subpial olfactory cortex sets of pallial nuclei, the neurons entering the claustrum, rostrally, and the pallial amygdala, caudally. The concept of hypopallium refers to this histogenetically unitary complex of olfactory (piriform) cortex and deep pallial nuclei. In reptiles and birds the hypopallium becomes differentially enlarged (largest in crocodiles and birds, whose olfactory cortex gets nevertheless reduced), whereas in mammals it becomes reduced to the claustroamygdaloid complex and relatively enlarged olfactory (prepiriform and piriform) cortex.
The pallial amygdala contains mainly the so-called basolateral amygdala, encompassing the lateral, basolateral (basal) and basomedial (accessory basal) nuclei, plus the anterior, amygdalopiriform and posterolateral corticoid areas at its surface. The medial pallium also may contribute to the pallial amygdala, forming the amygdalohippocampal nucleus and the posteromedial corticoid area. It has been postulated that the neurons forming the nucleus of the lateral olfactory tract derive from the dorsal pallium and migrate tangentially into its final position caudal to the olfactory tuberculum. Situated ventral to the pallium in the basic vertebrate forebrain plan (though representing a topologically rostral field in neural plate fate maps) is another region of telencephalic gray matter known as the subpallium, which is the progenitor area for the basal ganglia, a set of structures that play a crucial role in the executive control of behavior. The subpallium region has distinct striatal, pallidal, diagonal and preoptic subregions, which are stretched obliquely between the septal midline and the amygdala at the posterior pole of the telencephalon. At least the striatum, pallidum and diagonal domains extend into the amygdala, representing there the subpallial amygdala, forming its central and medial nucleis, as well as the amygdaloid end of the bed nucleus stria terminalis complex.
The amygdala thus encompasses an heterogeneous group of subpallial nuclei and hypopallial olfactory and amygdalohippocampal corticonuclear cell masses which are on the whole heavily involved in emotion and motivation. The pallial portions build the analytic or perceptual end of this complex, whereas the subpallial portions represent the corresponding output or efferent functional pole.
The olfactory bulb is a peculiar pallial outgrowth (maybe induced by the primary olfactory fibers afferent to it, coming from the sensory neurons developed in the olfactory placode) whose projection neurons (the mitral and tufted neurons) are pallial in origin and accordingly excitatory. In contrast, the superfial periglomerulary neurons, various intermediate interneurons and the deep granule cells are all of subpallial origin and migrate tangentially out of the striatal part of the subpallium (apparently froma dorsal subsector of this domain) through the so-called rostral migratory stream into the olfactory bulb. These extremely numerous subpallial cells are all inhibitory. The olfactory bulb is thus singularly formed by a minority of autochthonous pallial neurons and a majority of inmigrated inhibitory subpallial cells (it is nevertheless classified as a part of the ventral pallium). There is also a modified accessory olfactory bulb at the base of the principal one, which is associated specifically to incoming afferents from Jacobson's organ found at the nasal septum. The accessory olfactory pathway is maximally developed in some reptiles (e.g., snakes) and is lost in birds.
Evolution.
The evolution of the dorsal pallium is not fully understood yet. Some authors hold that it largely contributes to the mammalian hippocampal allocortical and parahippocampal mesocortical (transitional) areas. Others postulate it directly transforms into the six-layered isocortex (neocortex) characteristic of mammals, and still others suppose that medial and lateral parts of the dorsal pallium contribute (perhaps with some contributions from the lateral pallium) to the alternative allocortical and isocortical fates.
In humans.
The human pallium ("cloak" in Latin) envelops most of the telencephalon, due to extensive surface expansion of the isocortex. The telencephalic pallium has been described classically as having three parts: the archipallium, the paleopallium and the neopallium, but these concepts are now considered obsolete, having been substituted by the concept of medial pallium, dorsal pallium, lateral pallium and ventral pallium mentioned above under pallial Bauplan. It used to be said in anatomy textbooks that pallium equals cortex and subpallium equals telencephalic nuclei, but it has turned out, according to molecular markers, that the pallium develops both cortical structures (allocortex and isocortex) and pallial nuclei (claustroamygdaloid complex), whereas the subpallium develops striatal, pallidal, diagonal-innominate and preoptic nuclei, plus the corticoid structure of the olfactory tuberculum.
In amphibians and other anamniotes.
In amphibians, the telencephalon distinctly shows medial, dorsal, lateral and ventral parts of the pallium, plus striatal, pallidal, diagonal and preoptic parts of the basal nuclei. However, the pallial portions do not show a visible lamination. They already have a mixture of glutamatergic (excitatory) and GABAergic (inhibitory) neurons, whereas the subpallium is largely populated by inhibitory neurons. This structure is very similar to that found generally in anamniotes, though cartilaginous fishes do show a layered arrangement of their pallial neurons.
In reptiles and birds.
Reptiles developed a distinct three-layered structure of medial and dorsal portions of their pallium, a morphological schema referred to with the concept of allocortex. In contrast, the lateral and ventral pallium sectors of reptiles adopted hypopallial structure (superficial olfactory cortex, covering deep pallial nuclei). The hypopallial region is also known as the dorsal ventricular ridge, described as having anterior and posterior (amygdaloid) regions. Birds essentially show much increased cellularity, keeping within the reptilian morphological schema, which leads to the apparent disappearance of layering within its medial and dorsal pallial sectors. The olfactory cortex is much reduced, whereas the hypopallial or dorsal ventricular ridge nuclei increase significantly in size and relative differentiation.

</doc>
<doc id="20285491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285491" title="David Reid (politician)">
David Reid (politician)

David Donald Reid OAM (born 10 May 1933) was an Australian politician. He briefly served as a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly in 1971–1972 representing the seat of Blackwood, then in 1974 was appointed to the Australian Senate to serve out a vacancy which ended the same year.
Biography.
Reid was born in Bridgetown in the South West region of Western Australia to Donald Reid, a primary producer, and Marion (née Davies). He was educated at Bridgetown Primary School and Denmark Agricultural College, before getting a Diploma in Agriculture as an external student at Muresk College (now part of Curtin University). After completing his schooling, he farmed at Bridgetown and did national service with the Army. On 19 October 1957 at St Mary's Church in West Perth, he married Jacynth Horley, with whom he was to have one son and two daughters. In 1970, he became state president of the WA Fruitgrowers' Association and deputy WA representative on the Apple and Pear Board.
Reid contested the seat of Blackwood in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly for the Country Party, of which he had been a member since 1965, at the 1971 election, and won with a 7% swing to his party against the Liberals, who had held the seat from 1950 until 1968. He resigned on 26 October 1972 to contest the House of Representatives seat of Forrest at the December 1972 election, causing a by-election in the seat which was won by the Liberals' Sandy Lewis.
On 16 January 1974, he was appointed to the Australian Senate as a Country Party Senator for Western Australia, filling the casual vacancy caused by the death of Senator Edgar Prowse. From 7 March until 11 April, he was a member of the Joint Committee on Prices. He contested the 1974 election three months later as a National Alliance candidate (the Alliance had been formed between the Western Australian Country Party and the WA branch of the Democratic Labor Party), but he was defeated. Reid served as state president of the party, renamed the National Country Party soon after the election, during 1974 and 1975. He left the party in 1978.
In the 1980s, he became heavily involved with promotion of the Bridgetown region, with a four-year stint as president of the Bridgetown-Greenbushes Tourist Bureau. He became involved with the South West Development Authority, one of several regional authorities set up by the Burke government. From 1984 until 1990, he served as deputy chairman of the Advisory Committee and convenor of the Economic Development subcommittee of the Authority. In 1987, he was elected to the Shire of Bridgetown-Greenbushes as a councillor, and from 1990 as Shire President. He was also president of the Bridgetown Rotary Club, director for 5 years of the Blackwood Marathon Relay, and a member of the Bridgetown Hospital Board and Bridgetown Golf Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20285498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285498" title="Monitor Hills">
Monitor Hills

The Monitor Hills are a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.
References.
a

</doc>
<doc id="20285515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285515" title="Montana Mountains">
Montana Mountains

The Montana Mountains are a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20285533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285533" title="Monte Cristo Mountains">
Monte Cristo Mountains

The Monte Cristo Mountains are a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20285539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285539" title="British National Party (disambiguation)">
British National Party (disambiguation)

The British National Party is a far-right political party currently active in Britain.
British National Party can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20285557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285557" title="Astragalus miguelensis">
Astragalus miguelensis

Astragalus miguelensis is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name San Miguel milkvetch. It is endemic to five of the eight Channel Islands of California. This is a mat-forming perennial herb growing in wide, thick patches on rocky seaside bluffs and beaches. The abundant leaves are up to 12 centimeters long and are made up of many woolly oval-shaped leaflets. The inflorescence bears up to 30 white to yellowish flowers, each between one and two centimeters long. The fruit is an inflated legume pod drying to a papery texture. It is up to about 2.5 centimeters in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20285560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285560" title="Montezuma Range">
Montezuma Range

The Montezuma Range is a mountain range in Esmeralda County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20285563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285563" title="Gray zone lymphoma">
Gray zone lymphoma

Gray zone lymphoma, often presenting as large tumors in the mediastinum, is a type of lymphoma that is characterized by having cellular features of both classic Hodgkin's lymphomas (cHL) and large B-cell lymphomas.

</doc>
<doc id="20285571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285571" title="Dakota Block">
Dakota Block

Dakota Block may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20285584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285584" title="Cubanite">
Cubanite

Cubanite is a yellow mineral of copper, iron, and sulfur, CuFe2S3.
Cubanite was first described in 1843 for an occurrence in the Mayarí-Baracoa Belt, Oriente Province, Cuba.
Cubanite occurs in high temperature hydrothermal deposits with pyrrhotite and pentlandite as intergrowths with chalcopyrite. It results from exsolution from chalcopyrite at temperatures below 200 to 210 °C. It has also been reported from carbonaceous chondrite meteorites.

</doc>
<doc id="20285588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285588" title="Mosquito Mountain">
Mosquito Mountain

Mosquito Mountain is a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada and Lake County, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="20285598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285598" title="Mount Irish Range">
Mount Irish Range

The Mount Irish Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada. The range is bounded by the Coal Valley to the north, the Pahranagat Valley to the east, the Tikaboo Valley to the southwest and the Wild Horse Valley to the northwest. Surrounding ranges include the Seaman Range and Hiko Range to the east, the Pahranagat Range and East Pahranagat Range to the south and south east, the Groom Range to the southwest, the Timpahute Range to the west and the Golden Gate Range across Murphy Gap to the northwest.
Silver was mined on the east flank of Mount Irish along Silver Canyon just north of the ghost town of Logan in the 1860s and 70s. The ghost town of Crystal Springs also populated during this time lies about to the east at the intersection of US Route 93, Nevada Route 318 and Nevada Route 375. The community of Hiko lies five miles north of Crystal Springs on Route 318. Route 375 crosses the extreme south end of the range at Hancock Summit.
The Mt. Irish Archaeological District consists of four sites on Logan Canyon Road just to the east of the old Logan townsite and just north of the Mount Irish Wilderness Area boundary.

</doc>
<doc id="20285608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285608" title="Gordon McIntosh">
Gordon McIntosh

Gordon Douglas McIntosh (born 29 May 1925) is a Scottish-born Australian politician. Born in Glasgow, he was a toolmaker and served in the military 1945-1948. Having moved to Australia, he was president of the Western Australian Amalgamated Engineering Union, and Vice-President of the Western Australian Amalgamated Metal Workers Union. In 1974, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Western Australia. He held the seat until his retirement in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20285610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285610" title="Bunga mas">
Bunga mas

The bunga mas dan perak (Jawi: بوڠا مس ; translates as "golden and silver flowers"), often abbreviated to bunga mas, was a tribute sent every three years to the King of Siam from its vassal states in the Malay Peninsula - in particular, by Terengganu, Kelantan, Kedah and Pattani. The tribute consisted of two small trees made of gold and silver, plus costly gifts of weapons, goods and slaves. 
The origins of and reasons for the establishment of the tradition are unclear. For example, the 17th century Kedah rulers considered it to be a token of friendship, and according to a Kedah legend a "bunga mas" was sent as a toy for a Thai prince, while Thai kings maintained it was a recognition of their suzerainty.
The practice ended in 1909 with the establishment of the British rule in most of the northern Malay states.

</doc>
<doc id="20285612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285612" title="RMIT School of Mathematical and Geospatial Sciences">
RMIT School of Mathematical and Geospatial Sciences

RMIT's School of Mathematical and Geospatial Science is an Australian tertiary education school within the College of Science Engineering and Health at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT University) in Melbourne, Victoria. 
The School is made of two distinct sub-schools, those being Mathematics and Geospatial Science. Both previously independent schools.
The current Head of School is Professor John Hearne.
Location.
The Mathematics Office of the School is located in Building 8 (Level 9) at the City campus.
The Geospatial Offices of the School is located in Building 10 (Level 10 & 11) at the City campus.
However classes for students may be in either of these locations.
The Main office for the school is located in the Mathematics floor.
Centre for Risk and Community Safety.
The School includes the Centre for and Community Safety which is a collaboration between the Geospatial Science school, Emergency Management Australia and the Australian National University. It is an internationally recognised research department which aims to identify the research needs of emergency management in Australia and publicize the needs as well as undertake research to satisfy them. This centre is also affiliated with the Australian Bushfire Cooperative Research Centre (Bushfire CRC). The Bushfire CRC at RMIT is working on Methodology Development for Economic Assessment of Bushfire Costs' and 'Evaluation of Current "Stay or Go" Policy and its Implementation in Bushfire Response'. These both are elements of the Bushfire CRC "Program C" that is focusing on Community Self Sufficiency for fire safety.
Access Grid Room.
The Mathematics section of the School includes an "Access Grid Room" this is a room equipped with two way interactive telecommunications including Smart Boards, data projectors and large multimedia displays. It was built in collaboration with the International Centre for Education in Mathematics (ICE-EM) and the room is connected to the world wide Access Grid.
International Collaboration.
Students and Lecturers from the School regularly collaborate with International Organizations and Universities as part of the courses. Recent Collaborations have included the University of the South Pacific and RMIT Vietnam as well as Canada, China, The Netherlands and South Africa 
History.
Geospatial Science.
Mr. Carl S. Honman can be seen as the founder of Geospatial Sciences at RMIT who ran Land Surveying Courses in the 1930s as part of Civil Engineering Courses. After his secondment to the Australian Government due to the First World War various lecturers took over the courses until Mr. Love was appointed in September 1949. It was Mr. Love who set up a surveying course that met the requirements of the Victorian Board of Surveying requirements. Over time the size and scope of the school has expanded and in 1978 RMIT University was able to award degrees and the school had degrees in Surveying, Cartography and Town Planning. The Department of Surveying became the Department of Land Information in 1987 and was renamed again in the 1990s to the Department of Geospatial Science and in the 2000s was merged with the Department of Mathematics to form the Department of Mathematical and Geospatial Sciences seen today.

</doc>
<doc id="20285619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285619" title="Mountain Boy Range">
Mountain Boy Range

The Mountain Boy Range is a mountain range in Eureka County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20285629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285629" title="Muddy Mountains">
Muddy Mountains

The Muddy Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County, Nevada.
The Muddy Mountains surround a north section of Bitter Spring Valley, which also lies at the northwest perimeter of the Black Mountains, lying on a north shore of an east-west section of Lake Mead.

</doc>
<doc id="20285633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285633" title="Something Inside So Strong (album)">
Something Inside So Strong (album)

Something Inside So Strong is a 1989 album by country superstar Kenny Rogers.
Overview.
The album is another one of Rogers' that heads in the adult-contemporary direction, but actually performs better than his other recent albums. After #17, #18 and #16 efforts, Kenny finally re-enters the top ten (at #10) with this effort.
Singles.
Like the studio album before it, "Something Inside So Strong" was home to a large number of singles. "When You Put Your Heart in It" came out in advance of the album in 1988, and charted #26 on the US Country charts. Other singles include "Planet Texas" (#30 in the US, #11 in Canada), "The Vows Go Unbroken" (#8: US, #26: Canada), the title cut (#26 on Adult Contemporary) and "Maybe", a duet with Holly Dunn (#25: US #17: Canada).
Other duets.
There are three duets on the album. "Maybe" is discussed in the singles above; the other two duets are "If I Knew Then" with Gladys Knight, and "If I Ever Fall in Love Again" with Anne Murray.

</doc>
<doc id="20285639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285639" title="MV Stolt Strength">
MV Stolt Strength

The MV "Stolt Strength" is a Philippines-flagged ship, managed by a Panamanian company. It was hijacked by Somali pirates off the Gulf of Aden on November 10, 2008. The chemical tanker, carrying phosphoric acid and 21 Filipino crewmembers aboard, was attacked by armed men carrying automatic rifles and rocket-propelled grenades. Built in 2005 with a DWT Metric Tons capacity of 33,209, the ship's owner, Sagana Shipping, of Manila, was awaiting word from the pirates regarding ransom.
The hijacking of the MV "Stolt Strength" preceded the hijacking of at least two other ships in the same month, including the and the .
The ship was released 21 April 2009, but it is unclear if any ransom was paid. After its release, the ship ran out of fuel off the coast of Somalia, but was later given 5 days of fuel by a ship of the U.S. Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="20285649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285649" title="Needle Range">
Needle Range

The Needle Range is a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20285650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285650" title="Wife of God">
Wife of God

Term "Wife of God" can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20285664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285664" title="New Pass Range">
New Pass Range

The New Pass Range is a mountain range in Lander County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20285684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285684" title="North Muddy Mountains">
North Muddy Mountains

The North Muddy Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20285697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285697" title="North Pahroc Range">
North Pahroc Range

The North Pahroc Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada. The BLM Big Rocks Wilderness Area protects of the southernmost portion of the North Pahroc Range. To the south is the South Pahroc Range Wilderness.

</doc>
<doc id="20285703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285703" title="1997 Australian GT Production Car Championship">
1997 Australian GT Production Car Championship

The 1997 Australian GT Production Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned national motor racing title for drivers of Group 3E Series Production Cars.
The title was contested over an eight round series with two races per round.
Outright championship points were awarded on a 15-12-10-8-6-5-4-3-2-1 basis to the first ten finishers in each race. An additional point was awarded to the driver setting the fastest qualifying lap for each race. Class points were awarded on a 15-12-10-8-6-5-4-3-2-1 basis to the first ten finishers in each class in each race.

</doc>
<doc id="20285710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285710" title="Pittsburgh, Virginia and Charleston Railway">
Pittsburgh, Virginia and Charleston Railway

The Pittsburgh, Virginia and Charleston Railway was a predecessor of the Pennsylvania Railroad in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. By 1905, when it was merged into the Pennsylvania, it owned a main line along the left (west) side of the Monongahela River, to Pittsburgh's South Side from West Brownsville. Branches connected to the South-West Pennsylvania Railway in Uniontown via Redstone Creek and to numerous coal mines.
History.
The company was chartered by the Pennsylvania General Assembly as the Monongahela Valley Railroad in April 1867, with the right to construct a railroad connecting Pittsburgh to Waynesburg; it was renamed Pittsburgh, Virginia and Charleston Railway in February 1870. By November 1872, when the first segment opened from 4th Street in South Pittsburgh (now South Side Pittsburgh) to Homestead, the Pennsylvania Railroad had gained control. The primary purpose of this acquisition was to allow the Pennsylvania to construct a southern bypass around the congestion of Pittsburgh, via a short connection to the Main Line near Turtle Creek. The line was extended to Monongahela City in 1873, and in 1874 the company began operating a steamboat beyond to Brownsville. Trains began running into downtown Pittsburgh's Union Station in 1875, crossing the Monongahela on the Panhandle Bridge. The connection near Turtle Creek was completed in August 1878, with the opening of the Port Perry Branch and Port Perry Bridge. In 1879 the Pennsylvania began operating the PV&C under lease as its Monongahela Division.
The railroad was crossed by the O'Neil and Company Incline in West Elizabeth, Pennsylvania.
The railroad was extended further south along the Monongahela River from Monongahela City beginning in 1879 and reached West Brownsville in 1881.
The Brownsville Railway Company began constructing a line from near Brownsville to Uniontown, PA. The PV&C took over the Brownsville Railway and merged it on May 11, 1880 and finished the construction of its line by 1882. The Brownsville branch was built in 1883 and connected the PV&C's acquired Brownsville Railway to its namesake town of Brownsville, PA.
The Pittsburgh and Whitehall Rail Road Company constructed a line in South Pittsburgh, PA, in 1886. The line ran from S 3rd Street to a connection with the PV&C near S 30th Street Yard. The line was operated by the PV&C starting in November, 1886, and merged May 14th, 1888.
The McKeesport and Bessemer Rail Road Company built a line from the PV&C at Cochran to McKeesport, PA, in 1890-1891. The line was first operated by the PV&C in December 1891, then merged into the PV&C November 1, 1894.
The Monongahela River and Streets Run Rail Road Company acquired what was called the Streets Run branch by the PV&C from Richard Coulter, on January 29, 1892. The PV&C acquired the MR&SR later that year and extended the branch in 1902. The MR&SR was merged into the PV&C November 1, 1894.
The Peters Creek branch, near Peters Creek, PA, was built in 1893-1894. It was extended in 1895, 1901, 1902, and yet again in 1903.
The Keister branch, near Waltersburg, PA, was built in 1899-1900.
The Monongahela and Washington Railroad Company built a railroad from Monongahela City to Ellsworth, PA in 1899-1900 and a branch to Cokeburg, PA in 1902. The PV&C merged the line July 1, 1904.
On April 1, 1905, the PV&C was merged into the Pennsylvania Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="20285727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285727" title="Herbertville">
Herbertville

Herbertville is a small settlement on the eastern coast of the lower Hawkes Bay area. The large promontory just north is Cape Turnagain. So named by Captain Cook who used the location as a well remembered point where he turn his ship and retraced his steps. At the turn of the century Herbertville was a thriving community. It had a large hotel and several shops, a police station and a blacksmiths. Schooners were beached on the vast expanse of shallow sandy beach on high tides and passengers and cargos were unloaded. The ships would then be refloated on the next high tide and would carry on their way. Horse drawn coach's then made their way inland towards the settlement of Dannevirke via Weber.

</doc>
<doc id="20285748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285748" title="Platani, Achaea">
Platani, Achaea

Platani () is a village in the municipal unit of Rio, Achaea, Greece. As of 2001, it had a population of 460. It is situated in the northern foothills of the Panachaiko mountain. It is 4 km east of Rio, and 2 km south of Agios Vasileios.

</doc>
<doc id="20285759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285759" title="Canada 98">
Canada 98

Canada 98 (later Canada 99 then Canada 100 in each successive debut year) is a Canadian centennial documentary television series presented by CBC Television. The series debuted on November 25, 1964 to showcase Canada's nature. the series was hosted by J. Frank Willis featuring nine episodes (despite twelve being produced). Canada 98 was preceded by documentary film "Camera Canada".

</doc>
<doc id="20285768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285768" title="List of awards and nominations received by the Jonas Brothers">
List of awards and nominations received by the Jonas Brothers

The Jonas Brothers is an American teen pop band from Wyckoff, New Jersey. They are currently signed with Hollywood Records, after being dropped from their previous label, Columbia Records. They have released four albums to date, "It's About Time", "Jonas Brothers", "A Little Bit Longer", and "Lines, Vines, and Trying Times".
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973 and one of several annual major American music awards shows (among the others are the Grammy Awards, the MTV Video Music Awards etc.). Jonas Brothers have received one nomination and won.
Billboard Touring Award.
The Billboard Touring Award is an annual award hosted by Billboard. The Jonas Brothers have received two nominations, which they have won.
Golden Raspberry Awards.
The Golden Raspberry Awards are awarded annually and are held concurrently to the Academy Awards. The "Razzies," as they are informally called, honour the year's worst in film. The Jonas Brothers have been nominated for two awards and won one.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States. The Jonas Brothers have received one nomination.
Kids Choice Awards (Italy).
The Kids Choice Awards of Italy, is the Italian version of the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards. The Jonas Brothers have received two nominations which they have won.
Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica.
Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica is the Latin American version of the MTV Video Music Awards. The Jonas Brothers have received nine nominations, winning five. Joe Jonas and Nick Jonas, both received an individual award for the Best Fashionista (Most Fashionable) in 2008 and 2009 respectively.
MTV Europe Music Awards.
The MTV Europe Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1994 by MTV Europe. The Jonas Brothers have received two nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV. The Jonas brothers have received two nominations.
MuchMusic Video Awards.
The MuchMusic Video Awards is an annual awards ceremony presented by the Canadian music video channel MuchMusic. The Jonas Brothers have received three nominations,winning two.
Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards.
The Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards is an annual awards show established in 1988 by Nickelodeon. The Jonas Brothers have received 8 nominations and have won 2 awards.
Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards.
The Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards is an annual awards show which awards entertainers with a blimp trophy, as voted by kids. The Jonas Brothers have received three nominations, winning one.
NME Awards.
The NME Awards is an annual music awards show, founded by the music magazine, NME (New Musical Express). The first awards show was held in 1953, shortly after the founding of the magazine. The Jonas Brothers have received five awards over three years, receiving the "Worst Band" award for three years in a row.
Planeta Awards.
The Planeta awards are hosted in Lima (Peru) from the radio TV station 107.7 fm. The Jonas Brothers have received 5 nominations and won
all 5 awards.
Premios Oye!
Los Premios Oye! are presented annually by the "National Academy of Music in Mexico" to reward the best artists of the music industry. Los Premios Oye! are equivalent to the Grammy Awards in the United States. The Jonas Brothers received one nomination which they have won.
Teen Choice Awards.
The Teen Choice Awards is an annual awards show established in 1999 by the Fox Broadcasting Company. The Jonas Brothers have received 17 nominations, winning 14.
The Soup Awards.
The Soup is a TV show hosted by comedian Joel McHale. Joe Jonas has received one nomination and won.
TMF Awards.
The TMF Awards is an annual television awards show established in 1995 by The Music Factory. The Jonas Brothers have received eight nominations,winning four.
Vh1 "Do Something!" Awards.
The Vh1 "Do Something" awards are hosted every year to award athletes, music artists and actors that have portrayed a social issue during the year 2010. The Jonas Brothers have received one nomination which they have won.
Festival de Viña del mar-Chile.
The Festival of Viña del Mar, is a well-known festival in Chile, in which the people (called monster) calls the awards and give them to the artists.[15]

</doc>
<doc id="20285792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285792" title="NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2007">
NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2007

The 2007 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit is a North American beach volleyball tour.
The tour consists of seven tournaments with both genders.
Medal table by country.
Medal table as of June 1, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20285800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285800" title="Astragalus mohavensis">
Astragalus mohavensis

Astragalus mohavensis is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Mojave milkvetch. It is native to the Mojave Desert of California and Nevada. 
Description.
This is an annual or perennial herb forming clumpy gray-green patches of upright stems up to 35 centimeters long. Leaves are up to about 12 centimeters long and are made up of many oval-shaped to rounded leaflets. The inflorescence bears up to 15 pinkish-purple flowers, each around a centimeter in length. The fruit is a hairy, leathery legume pod up to about 3 centimeters long. 
Varieties.
There are two varieties of this plant. The rare variety "A. m." var. "hemigyrus", the halfring milkvetch, can be found only in Nevada, having been extirpated from the California side of the desert; it can be distinguished from the more common variety by its curved or coiled seed pods.

</doc>
<doc id="20285827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285827" title="Robinette">
Robinette

Robinette is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="20285842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285842" title="Mountaintop Removal (film)">
Mountaintop Removal (film)

Mountaintop Removal is a 2007 documentary film directed by Michael O'Connell. The film explores how mountaintop removal mining in West Virginia has affected local communities. Filmed over a two-year period, "Mountain Top Removal" features community advocates, such as Ed Wiley, Larry Gibson, Julia Bonds, Maria Gunnoe, and Mountain Justice Summer volunteers, in their efforts to oppose the destruction of Southern Appalachia's natural landscape. The film includes commentary from Jeff Goodell, author of "", geologists Dr. William Schlesinger and Dr. Peter Taft, and also Bill Raney, President of the West Virginia Coal Association. The film won the "Reel Current Award" (presented by Al Gore) at the 2008 Nashville Film Festival. "Mountaintop Removal" also received a Jury award at the 2008 Wild and Scenic Film Festival, Audience award at the 2008 Woods Hole Film Festival and was screened at The Lincoln Center on Earth Day April 22, 2008. The film is currently being distributed nationwide on PBS through NETA. The films soundtrack includes music by Jim Lauderdale, Donna the Buffalo, John Specker and Sarah Hawker.

</doc>
<doc id="20285850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285850" title="Eden and John's East River String Band">
Eden and John's East River String Band

Eden and John's East River String Band are a New York City based duo who play country blues from the 1920s and 1930s. The members are John Heneghan (guitar/mandolin/vocals) and Eden Brower (ukulele/vocals). They often have other musicians sit in with them including Dom Flemons of the Grammy Award winning Carolina Chocolate Drops, Pat Conte of the Canebreak Rattlers and Otis Brothers, and Robert Crumb of The Cheap Suit Serenaders. Their second album "Some Cold Rainy Day" was chosen by David Fricke as one of his "picks" of the month in the November 2008 issue of "Rolling Stone".
The East River String Band has released four albums. Their debut "Sweet East River" (2006) features special guests Sophie Crumb (who also provided the cover artwork) on banjolin, Alec Morton from Raging Slab on bass, Jim Stout on banjo and Sam Hopkins on bottleneck guitar. "Some Cold Rainy Day" (2008) features special guest pianist Terry Waldo, known for his work with Leon Redbone and Woody Allen. Third album "Drunken Barrel House Blues" (2009) features special guests Flemons on guitar and quills, Conte on fiddle and Eli Smith on banjo. Most recent effort "Be Kind to a Man When He's Down" (2011) boasts guest players Robert Crumb on mandolin, Flemons on guitar and Conte on fiddle, banjo, harmonica and vocals. The latter three albums all feature cover artwork by Robert Crumb.

</doc>
<doc id="20285860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20285860" title="Zack's Hotdogs">
Zack's Hotdogs

Zack’s Hotdogs is a local restaurant in Burlington, North Carolina. It was opened by Zack Touloupas in 1928 with its original name of Alamance Hot Wienie Lunch. The menu began as a blue plate special, but over the years has been changed to focus on hotdogs and hamburgers. The menu has also been expanded to breakfast, lunch and dinner. Zack’s used to be open seven days a week, but is now closed on Sundays.
History.
Burlington has been known for restaurants opened and owned by Greek immigrants. These restaurants include Gus’s Drive In opened by Zack Touloupas’ nephew, Gus Kakavas, Stavros Grill opened by Nick Zangotsis, Western Charcoal Steakhouse opened by Johnny Bakatsias, Mimi's Pizza opened by Jimmy Xionos and Café Nicola opened by Terry Bakatsias.
Zack Touloupas was born in the northern mountains of Greece in a village called Karpenisi. He came to America in 1919 and settled in Columbia, South Carolina. He began working at the Capital Cafe, where he heard of a restaurant for sale in Burlington. When he arrived in Burlington with his family of four in 1928, he bought and opened Alamance Hot Wienie Lunch. 
Alamance Hot Wienie Lunch contained only eight bar stools and four school desks for tables. The seating capacity remained the same until 1960. The original menu was considered a blue plate special and served beef stew, pork chops and hotdogs and hamburgers. The average meal was a meat and two vegetables. Zack Touloupas’ quote was, “If it tastes good to me, it tastes good to someone else.”
Over the years, John Touloupas, Zack’s son, had helped out at the restaurant and eventually went to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and also had a stint in the army during World War II. When John got back from the war in 1946, he joined the business. One of John’s main decisions while owning was to renovate the restaurant. In 1960, an expansion project increased the seating to forty-four. This was about the time when regular patrons began to refer to the restaurant as Zack’s Hotdogs.
In 1971, "Sports Illustrated" writer Pat Jordan described Zack's as Burlington's "most famous restaurant" in the book "Black Coach", which described the career of Jerome Thomas Evans, the first African-American football coach in the South, who became head football coach and assistant principal at Walter M. Williams High School in 1970 ("Black Coach", p. 42).
In 1977, John initiated plans to build a new restaurant. These plans consisted of a new building which was on the same block as Alamance Hot Wienie Lunch. The new building was designed by local Burlington architect Vernon Lewis. Construction was completed and a grand opening was held in December 1977. The new restaurant was called Zack’s Hotdogs and consisted of eighty seats. In 1978, french fries and ketchup were added to the menu. John Touloupas’ son, Zack Touloupas II had begun working in the store around 1963, when he was only five years old. He joined the business soon after he graduated from UNC in 1981. John continued to work for many years, until he was unable to, but still manages to go to breakfast at Zack’s every morning.
Today, Zack’s still serves hotdogs and hamburgers, but has also added cheese dogs and combinations. A cheese dog in terms of Zack’s is just a block of cheese in a bun and a combination is a wienie and cheese together. A zackburger is also on the menu which is bread and meat combined to make the patty. All of these items can have onions, slaw and chili. The chili is a homemade recipe made by the original Zack. He also created a hot sauce, which is popular with the customers.

</doc>
