<doc id="20195030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195030" title="Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor">
Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor

The Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (QFII; ) is a program that was launched in 2002 in People's Republic of China to allow licensed foreign investors to buy and sell yuan-denominated "A" shares in China's mainland stock exchanges (in Shanghai and Shenzhen). Chinese mainland stock exchanges were previously closed off to foreign investors due to China's exercise of tight capital controls which restrict the movement of assets in-and-out of the country.
Development.
By the end of April 2011, 103 licenced QFII investors had been granted a combined quota of $20.7 billion to invest in China's capital markets under the QFII program. Foreign access to China's yuan-denominated "A" stocks are still limited, with quotas placed under the QFII program amounting to US$30 billion.
In April, 2012, the Qualified Foreign investment quota was increased from US$30 billion to US$80 billion. Before the increase, the overall value of approved QFII and RQFII (offshore Renminbi QFII) funds was only 0.8% of total market capitalization and only US$25 billion of the US$30 billion quota was used. While aspects of the increased quota seem likely to take business from Hong Kong, a pilot program in Wenzhou for domestic investors to invest abroad was considered a possible offset for the financial center. The QFII expansion was also followed quickly by the "approval of new ETF products that will be denominated in offshore yuan (CNH) but will trade on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange".
China granted $910 million worth of investment quotas to 11 foreign institutional investors in March 2013
The quotas, under the Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (QFII) scheme, were awarded to overseas institutions including Generali Fund Management S.A, IDG Capital Management (HK) Ltd and Cutwater Investor Services Corp. y the end of March 2013, China had awarded a combined $41.745 billion of QFII quotas to 197 foreign institutions.
Background.
Regulations of the QFII program were based on "Temporary Regulation on Domestic Securities Investment by Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor" (合格境外机构投资者境内证券投资管理暂行办法), which was publicized on 5th Nov 2002 and ceased to be in effect on 1st Sep 2006, and "Regulation on Domestic Securities Investment by Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor"(合格境外机构投资者境内证券投资管理办法), which is publicized on 24th Aug 2006, and came into effect on 1st Sep 2006.
Pursuant to "Regulation on Domestic Securities Investment by Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor"，to qualify as a QFII, the candidate must:

</doc>
<doc id="20195039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195039" title="Greg Morris (organist)">
Greg Morris (organist)

Greg Morris (born 1976) is an English organist and conductor.
Biography.
Greg Morris was educated at Manchester Grammar School, where he began to study the organ under Andrew Dean. Upon leaving school he took up the post of organ scholar at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. He went on to study music at Jesus College, Cambridge where he accompanied and directed the two chapel choirs. He was organ scholar at St Martin-in-the-Fields, London, before being appointed as Assistant Director of Music at Blackburn Cathedral in 2000. Whilst at Blackburn he performed the World Premiere of David Briggs' Organ Concerto and was a regular accompanist on BBC Radio 4's The Daily Service.
In September 2006 he took up the post of Associate Organist of the Temple Church in London - a post which he combines with a career as a freelance organist.
Morris studied the organ with Paul Stubbings, John Kitchen and Thomas Trotter. He gained the FRCO (Fellow of the Royal College of Organists) diploma in 2000, winning the Limpus, Frederick Shinn and Durrant Prizes for organ playing and the Samuel Baker Prize for overall performance. As a soloist he has performed at several venues both in the UK and abroad, including St Paul's Cathedral, Westminster Abbey, and Braunschweig Cathedral, Germany. His first solo CD, "Sounds Inspirational", was released in 2003 to critical acclaim.

</doc>
<doc id="20195065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195065" title="Armenian nationality law">
Armenian nationality law

The Armenian nationality law was adopted on November 6, 1995 and was amended in 2007. 
Acquisition of Armenian citizenship.
It is based primarily on the principle of "jus sanguinis". It includes the right of return for members of the Armenian diaspora. 
Dual citizenship.
Dual citizenship has recently been authorised after the constitutional amendment of the Armenian Citizenship Law No. 75-N on February 26, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20195069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195069" title="Princess Anna of Saxony (1903–1976)">
Princess Anna of Saxony (1903–1976)

Princess "Anna" Monika Pia of Saxony, Duchess of Saxony (Full German name: "Prinzessin Anna Monika Pia von Sachsen, Herzogin zu Sachsen") (4 May 1903, Lindau, Bavaria – 8 February 1976, Munich, Bavaria, Germany) was the seventh and youngest child of Frederick Augustus III of Saxony and his wife Archduchess Luise of Austria, Princess of Tuscany and a younger sister of Georg, Crown Prince of Saxony and Friedrich Christian, Margrave of Meissen. Through her marriage to Archduke Joseph Francis of Austria, Anna was a member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine and an Archduchess and Princess of Austria and Princess of Hungary, Croatia, and Bohemia.
Early life.
While pregnant with Anna, her mother Luise left Saxony on 9 December 1902 without her children. Anna was born during her parent's separation and after her birth, Luise sent the infant to the royal court in Dresden where she was raised with her five siblings by her father Frederick Augustus. It is said that Anna was the daughter of André Giron, her siblings' French tutor with whom her mother briefly lived.
Marriage and issue.
Anna married Archduke Joseph Francis of Austria, eldest son of Archduke Joseph August of Austria and his wife Princess Auguste Maria of Bavaria, on 4 October 1926 at Schloss Sibyllenort in Sibyllenort, Silesia, Germany. Anna and Joseph Francis had eight children:
Fifteen years after the death of Joseph Francis in Carcavelos, Portugal on 25 September 1957, Anna married Reginald Kazanjian (1905–1990) in a civil ceremony on 28 July 1972 in Geneva, Switzerland, and in a religious ceremony on 9 September 1972 in Veyrier, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20195071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195071" title="Moldovan nationality law">
Moldovan nationality law

The Moldovan nationality law dates back from June 2, 2000 and was amended in 2001. It is based upon the Constitution of Moldova (articles 17, 18 and 19). It is mainly based on Jus sanguinis.

</doc>
<doc id="20195073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195073" title="Montenegrin nationality law">
Montenegrin nationality law

The Montenegrin nationality law is the nationality law of Montenegro. It was ratified by Parliament in 2008 and published by the Official Journal of Montenegro. It is mainly based on "jus sanguinis", and in general does not permit multiple citizenship, though there are exceptions. There are also provisions for citizenship-by-investment, though the government has suspended the relevant guidelines in the face of European Union concern.
History.
Origin.
The concept of citizenship in Montenegrin law can be traced back to the laws promulgated in 1803 by Petar I Petrović-Njegoš, which articulated the principle of "jus sanguinis" in reference to "Crnogorac" (Montenegrins) and "Brdjanin" (Highlanders), and then to the legal code of 1855, which reiterated the earlier principles and also granted foreigners the right to reside in Montenegro. In 1905, Nicholas I of Montenegro's "Statute of Montenegro" promulgated further guidelines, for the first time using the term "Montenegrin citizens" instead of "Montenegrins" and "Highlanders", and also establishing the right of renunciation of citizenship after completion of military service. However the law did not spell out the guidelines for acquisition of citizenship.
Kingdom of Yugoslavia and Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
When Montenegro was a part of Yugoslavia, it had citizenship policies in common with the rest of the country. The Kingdom of Yugoslavia passed a formal citizenship act in 1928, establishing that citizenship would be acquired by patrilineal descent. The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (SFRY) for its part passed a citizenship act in 1945, which stated that Yugoslav citizenship was held by people who were citizens under the 1928 act and people who had the ethnicity of one of the Yugoslav republics; it also deprived emigrants of their citizenship, and prohibited multiple citizenship. The constituent republics, including the Socialist Republic of Montenegro, passed their own citizenship acts, which mirrored the federal acts and provided for acquisition of citizenship of the constituent republic along with federal citizenship. Citizenship of a constituent republic came from descent rather than place of birth; in the case of two parents with citizenship of different republics, the citizenship of the child depended on agreement by the parents, or lacking such agreement, a legal determination based on the child's place of residence.
Until the breakup of Yugoslavia there were two further changes to nationality laws, each being passed soon after the adoption of a new Constitution of Yugoslavia. The Citizenship Act of 1964 removed the provisions for depriving emigrants of citizenship, as well as establishing procedures for naturalisation. It also clarified the relationship that if one lost federal citizenship, then republic citizenship would be lost as well. The 1976 Citizenship Act clarified the mechanism for acquisition of citizenship of a republic by citizens of other republics. By the time the federal legislation was passed, the constituent republics had already adopted new citizenship legislation in line with the new constitution. Montenegro was the first to pass such legislation, in May 1975; it would remain in force until 1999.
Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and State Union of Serbia and Montenegro.
The constitution of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (FRY, comprising Serbia and Montenegro) passed in 1992 continued the two-tier structure of federal citizenship and republic citizenship. However, the actual citizenship act governing the details of acquisition of citizenship in the FRY was not passed until 1996. It automatically gave citizenship in the FRY to everyone who had republic citizenship of Serbia or of Montenegro under the SFRY. It also provided that people who held SFRY citizenship, were permanently resident on the territory of the FRY at the time of the promulgation of the constitution, and had no other citizenships could apply for FRY citizenship. However it required that they renounce their former citizenship in the process. It also stated that a person acquiring FRY citizenship by naturalisation would also acquire the citizenship of the republic on whose territory the event of naturalisation occurred.
In 1999, as the NATO bombing intensified, Montenegro passed its own nationality law which changed the relationship between federal and republic citizenship, seen as a move to establish greater independence from the federal government. The law provided mechanisms for obtaining Montenegrin citizenship even in the absence of FRY citizenship; it also stated in Article 16 that a Montenegrin citizen who acquired citizenship of another republic or a foreign country would lose his citizenship. It also established particularly stringent criteria for naturalisation, in an effort to prevent refugees from Bosnia and Herzegovina and from Croatia from gaining voting rights in Montenegro. However, there were significant changes to the federal citizenship laws in the aftermath of the overthrow of Slobodan Milošević; specifically, Articles 47 and 48 were modified to permit people who held SFRY citizenship to obtain FRY citizenship without giving up any other citizenship they held, thus effectively permitting multiple citizenship for the first time in the history of the nationality law. Under reformulation of the FRY as the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro in 2003, the Constitutional Charter of Serbia and Montenegro further clarified the relationship between citizenship and voting rights: it stated in Article 7 that citizens of Serbia and of Montenegro residing in the other would each have full rights, but with the specific exception of voting rights. Furthermore, under republic-level law, Montenegrins living in Serbia had no voting rights in Montenegro either. This distribution of voting rights effectively laid the ground for the passage of the Montenegrin independence referendum, 2006.
Post-independence.
After Montenegro became an independent country in 2006, article 12 of the new Constitution of Montenegro passed in 2007 established Montenegrin citizenship. The Law on Implementation allowed people who had dual citizenship before independence to retain that dual citizenship. However, it did not permit people who obtained another citizenship afterwards to retain dual citizenship, instead requiring to give up one or the other citizenship within a year. However this clause was the subject of political tensions, and led to delays in the passage of a formal citizenship act. The Citizenship Act of 2008 clarified the exact mechanisms for gain and loss of citizenship. It also defined the character of citizenship in Montenegro as "civic" rather than "ethnic". It continued to impose strict requirements for naturalisation.
Under the new nationality law, Articles 8 and 9 provide that persons applying for naturalisation in Montenegro must provide proof of having given up their previous citizenship, while Article 24 provides that Montenegrins acquiring citizenship of another country lose their Montenegrin citizenship. However, Article 18 provides exceptions from this general prohibition against multiple nationality in the case of a bilateral treaty between Montenegro and the other country of citizenship. In 2012 it was reported that Montenegro and Serbia were negotiating such a treaty.
Economic citizenship.
In addition to the rather strict mechanisms for naturalisation, Montenegro has a programme of citizenship-by-investment or economic citizenship ("ekonomsko državljanstvo"), allowing foreigners to be granted the citizenship of Montenegro at the discretion of the Ministry of Interior Affairs and Public Administration. Though the enabling legislation remains in place, the programme was suspended in November 2010.
Article 12 of the Citizenship Act of 2008 states that "An adult person may be granted Montenegrin citizenship if he or she does not fulfil the requirements referred to in Article 8 of this Law if it would be in the scientific, economic, cultural, sport, national, or other interest of Montenegro". In March 2010, former Prime Minister of Thailand Thaksin Shinawatra received citizenship under this article due to his investments in tourism in Montenegro which were reported to be in the range of millions of Euros, despite pending charges of corruption that had been laid against him in his home country. The move sparked public criticism, but government spokeswoman Olivera Đukanović dismissed the concerns by claiming that other countries had similar programs. 
Formal guidelines for the programme were announced in mid-2010; they stated that candidates would require €500,000, of which one portion would be invested inside the country and the rest would have to be contributed to the state budget. In the light of German reports in August that Oleg Deripaska would be granted citizenship under the programme, more criticism emerged. Movement for Changes leader Nebojša Medojević as well as Vanja Ćalović of NGO MANS were quoted as warning that the programme would attract gangsters and increase corruption. Budimir Aleksić of the Poslanik Nove for his part complained that the government would "sell citizenship" while leaving 60,000 residents of Montenegro stateless. Stephan Meyer of Germany's Christian Social Union also spoke out against it, and said it might threaten the recent moves to grant Montenegrin passport-holders visa-free travel within the Schengen Area. However others offered public praise to the programme, including Canadian ambassador to Serbia, Montenegro, and Macedonia John Morrison, who compared it to Canada's own visa policy, which has provisions for granting visas to investors.
Later in August, when rumours surfaced that Serbian businessman Miroslav Mišković was in the process of applying for citizenship under the program, then Prime Minister Milo Đukanović denied the reports, and further stated that the process of receiving applications for economic citizenship under the new guidelines had not yet begun. Then in November 2010, the Montenegrin Ministry of Foreign Affairs formally announced the suspension of the previous guidelines about economic citizenship. Media reports attributed this action to pressure from the European Union, though MFA spokesman Zeljko Stamatović denied it. As of June 2011, the programme remained suspended. According to a "Dnevne Novine" report; concerns remained that the citizenship-by-investment programme would not attract genuine investors but only people engaged in money laundering and those who sought to hide from crimes committed abroad (as Montenegro does not extradite its citizens). However, others argue that the programme could help in attracting foreign investment capital to Montenegro, especially from Americans living abroad who remain fully subject to U.S. taxation unless they switch citizenships.

</doc>
<doc id="20195085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195085" title="Timberlea, New Zealand">
Timberlea, New Zealand

Timberlea is a suburb of Upper Hutt, located in the lower North Island of New Zealand. 
Timberlea is served by a commuter bus service (Route 111) from Upper Hutt Station. In 2012 the Greater Wellington Regional Council investigated extension of the electrification with Matangi trains north of Upper Hutt to a new station at Timberlea and north of Waikanae to Otaki. 

</doc>
<doc id="20195116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195116" title="Gideon Conn">
Gideon Conn

Gideon Marc Conn (born January 15, 1980 in Manchester ) is an English singer-songwriter. Gideon is from Manchester but is currently based in London. He tours extensively around the UK, having played at many UK festivals including Glastonbury Festival.
Gideon's songwriting combines his fingerpicking acoustic playing with jazz-inspired chord progressions and hip-hop rhythms. His recognisable vocal delivery encompasses singing, rapping and scatting. His music varies between a synth-laden modern sound and a more lo-fi production. Gideon takes inspiration from a wide range of influences, primarily in soul and jazz music, and has expressed admiration for artists such as Stevie Wonder, Badly Drawn Boy, OutKast, Nat King Cole and The Yeah Yeah Yeahs. While he performs both as part of a full live band or on his own playing acoustic renditions, he is known for his endearing, involving rapport with the audience.
An accomplished painter, drawer and sculptor, Gideon sells his artwork and accepts commissions through his website and his official Facebook page. He has designed a range of clothing, created and sold by Yes No Maybe Clothing.
Music career.
Gideon has self-released a number of albums, EPs and singles. He released his first single "I Want You Around" on Mannequin Republic on 10" Vinyl. His first full-length release was "New Bop Sounds", released March 2010. It pooled together what was a culmination of over ten years of songwriting.
His second full-length entitled "Take It All" was released in 2012, with a video for its lead single Fall Under Tokyo being filmed in Tokyo. It features Manchester-based soul singer Josephine on the track "Colours".
2013 saw the release of "Highlights and Perceptions" on the 14th of November, on 12-inch vinyl and digital download. The album is essentially two EPs; side A (Highlights) being made up of Donna Maciocia material, while Side B (Perceptions) comprises five tracks from Gideon Conn. The cover art was designed by both artists; illustrated by Gideon in his recognisable pen-drawn style.
He has been played on XFM Radio and on BBC Radio 1 by Huw Stephens, and was the subject of a documentary called "Hitting Home: Good Luck Gideon" which was broadcast on Channel M. He was included on the 'A-Z Bestival' Compilation as the letter 'G'. With the likes of Scroobius Pip and Ed Sheeran as self-professed fans, he supported popular American singer-songwriter Jason Mraz on his 2008 UK Tour. 
Biography.
Gideon began writing and playing music at the age of 15 when his friend taught him a handful of guitar chords; he began adding vocals to these chords and thus began his interest in composition. While completing his art degree in Manchester, he was known to play the piano in the main gallery of the university, as well as using the whole building as a studio for his sculptures.
He graduated in 2003 and continues to paint, draw and sculpt alongside his pursuit of music. He has had many exhibitions in both Manchester and, more recently, in London. Having worked as a labourer for a year following his attending of university he decided to pursue a career as an artist and musician.
Gideon became a Bar mitzvah in 1993 and according to Gideon this was the second good thing to happen in that year. Gideon is an independent artist and self-releases his own material. 
Band members.
Gideon Conn - Vocals & Guitar
Nick Gosling - drums, percussion, beats
Joe "Enrique" Harrison - bass, guitar, keyboard, harmonica
Jon Donohue - guitar, pedals + fx, bass, keyboard
Wil Hesketh - decks + synth
JJ Lees - coronet, keyboard
Dan Hall - trombone.

</doc>
<doc id="20195118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195118" title="Kalimati Kalche">
Kalimati Kalche

Kalimati Kalche is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4143 people living in 649 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20195126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195126" title="Kalimati Rampur">
Kalimati Rampur

Kalimati Rampur is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2635.
References.
Kalimati Rampur is one of the popular place in salyan district.it is only 45km distance from dang in west. There is also some interesting placesm temples, rivers etc...Sharada ariver and the lake is popular thing in that place,
madhav parasad Paudel

</doc>
<doc id="20195129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195129" title="Kavra">
Kavra

Kavra is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3314 people living in 607 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20195151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195151" title="Deep Gems">
Deep Gems

Deep Gems is a collection of singles, B-sides, and rarities by American electronic music duo Glass Candy, released in October 2008 by the Italians Do It Better label.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Deep Gems".

</doc>
<doc id="20195161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195161" title="Malaysia-Singapore Airlines destinations">
Malaysia-Singapore Airlines destinations

This is a list of international destinations previously flown by Malaysia-Singapore Airlines's passenger flights.

</doc>
<doc id="20195180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195180" title="Ireland and World War I">
Ireland and World War I

During World War I (or the Great War) (1914–1918), Ireland was part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, which entered the war in August 1914 as one of the Entente Powers, along with France and the Russian Empire, when due to the effects of chain ganging, it was obliged to declare war on the Central Powers, consisting of the German Empire, the Austrian-Hungarian Empire, the Ottoman Empire, and the Kingdom of Bulgaria.
Occurring in the midsts of Ireland's Revolutionary period, the Irish experience of the war was complex and its memory divisive. At the outbreak of the war, most Irish people, regardless of political affiliation, supported the war in much the same way as their British counterparts, and both nationalist and unionist leaders initially backed the British war effort. Their followers, both Catholic and Protestant, served extensively in the British forces, many in three specially raised divisions with others in the Imperial and United States armies, John T. Prout being an example of an Irishman serving in the latter. Over 200,000 Irishmen fought in the war, in several theatres and either 30,000, or, if one includes those who died serving in armies other than Britain's, 49,400 died. A group of combatant Irish republicans took the opportunity of the war to Proclaim Ireland a Republic and to defend it in an armed rebellion against British rule, in Dublin 1916, a rebellion which Germany attempted to help. In addition, Britain's intention to impose conscription in Ireland in 1918 provoked widespread resistance and as a result remained unimplemented.
Finally, with the end of the Great War, Sinn Féin won the Irish general election of 1918, this was followed by the Irish Declaration of Independence and immediately following that, the Irish War of Independence (1919–1922) which ended with terms that led to the Irish Civil War (1922–1923) with Ireland partitioned and much of it leaving the United Kingdom as the Irish Free State. For this reason, many nationalists were reluctant for many years to recognise the part that Irishmen had played in the world war on Britain's side.
The remarks attributed to National Volunteer and poet, Francis Ledwidge, who was to die in preparation of the Third battle of Ypres in 1917, perhaps best exemplifies the changing Irish nationalist sentiment towards, enlisting, the War, and to the Germans and British.
After the leaders of the 1916 Easter Rising were executed during his military leave, he said:
Prelude to the Great War.
Political climate in Ireland.
The First World War was immediately preceded in Ireland by a major political crisis over Home Rule or Irish self-government.
The Third Home Rule Act was placed on the statute books with Royal Assent on 18 September 1914. However, the operation of this Bill was, suspended for the duration of the war. Moreover it was resisted fiercely by Unionists, concentrated in Ulster. In 1913, they had formed an armed militia, the Ulster Volunteers to resist the implementation of Home Rule or to exclude Ulster itself from the settlement. Nationalists in response formed a rival militia the Irish Volunteers, to "defend the constitutional rights of the Irish people", and to put pressure on Britain to keep its promise of Home Rule, Conflict between the two armed groups looked possible in the early months of 1914.
The outbreak of war temporarily defused this crisis.
Nationalist response to the outbreak of war.
On 3 August the leader of the Irish Parliamentary Party, John Redmond MP declared in the House of Commons that the government may withdraw every one of their troops from Ireland and rely that the coast of Ireland will be defended from foreign invasion by her armed sons. Redmond's 'Home Defence' initiative was widely acclaimed, though not by all of the Irish Volunteers.
After Unionist leader Edward Carson urged Ulster Volunteers on 3 September to enlist in their new Ulster division and with the Home Rule Bill passing into law on 17 September, Redmond found himself under pressure to demonstrate commitment. On 20 September he called upon the Irish Volunteers to enlist in existing Irish regiments of the British army, in support of the Allied war effort. Redmond believed that Imperial Germany's hegemony and military expansion threatened the freedom of Europe and that it was Ireland's duty, having achieved future self-government "to the best of her ability to go where ever the firing line extends, in defence of right, of freedom and of religion in this war. It would be a disgrace forever to our country otherwise". Redmond's call came at a time of heightened emotions as the swift German advance through neutral Belgium was threatening Paris. Many other parliamentary leaders, such as William O'Brien MP, Thomas O’Donnell MP. and Joseph Devlin MP. supported Redmond's decision.
The 180,000 Irish Volunteers were divided by Redmond's support for the British war effort. A large majority followed him, forming the National Volunteers. About 25,000 of these went on to serve in Irish regiments of the New British Army during the war. The remaining 10,000 Volunteers under Eoin MacNeill declared they would keep their organisation together and in Ireland until Home Rule was passed. A further 100,000 or more men enlisted from around Ireland in the New Army divisions for the duration of the war, who were not members of the National Volunteers.
Redmond's own son, William Redmond, enlisted, as did his brother Major Willie Redmond MP, despite being aged over 50 years. They were among a group of five Irish MPs who enlisted, the others being J. L. Esmonde, Stephen Gwynn and D. D. Sheehan, as well as former MP Tom Kettle. Initially the Catholic Church in Ireland was also supportive of the War, under the slogan of "save Catholic Belgium".
However, the more radical fringe of Irish nationalism, the remaining Irish Volunteers and the secretive Irish Republican Brotherhood, rejected Irish participation in the war on Britain's side. They actively opposed enlistment and in secret, elements of them prepared an armed insurrection against British rule in Ireland.
Unionist response.
Unionist leader Edward Carson, promised immediate Unionist support for the war effort. He was motivated in this by two main factors, one being genuine identification with the British Empire, another being a desire to demonstrate the loyalty of Unionists to the British government, despite having formed an armed militia in defiance of it over Home Rule.
At this time, Herbert Kitchener was in the process of raising a New Service Army in support of the relatively small pre-war regular Army. The Unionists were granted their own Division, the 36th (Ulster) Division which had its own reserve militia officers and its own symbols. It was largely recruited from the Ulster Volunteer force and had a strongly Protestant and unionist identity.
Redmond requested the War Office to allow the formation of a separate Irish Brigade as had been done for the Ulster Volunteers. The British Government, however, was suspicious of Redmond after he declared to the Volunteers that they would return as an armed and trained Irish Army by the end of 1915 to resist Ulster’s opposition to Home Rule. Eventually he was granted the gesture of the 16th (Irish) Division. However, with the exception of its Irish General Bernhard Hickie and unlike the 36th (Ulster) Division, the 16th was led by English officers. Most Irish recruits lacked military training to act as officers.
In the judgement of one historian, "Both political camps and unionist expected the gratitude of the British administration for their willingness to sacrifice themselves and the rank and file of their parties. Neither foresaw that in the First World War, all special interests would be expendable".
Recruitment.
A total of 206,000 Irishmen served in the British forces during the war. Of these,
The voluntary recruitment figures were: 44,000 Irishmen enlisted in 1914, 45,000 followed in 1915, but this dropped to 19,000 in 1916 and 14,000 in 1917. The 1918 figure has been given as between 11,000 and 15,655, Between August and November 1918 alone 9,845 were recruited.
The recruitment rate in Ulster matched that of Britain itself, Leinster and Munster were about two thirds of the British rate of recruitment, while Connacht lagged behind them.
Northern Catholics had enlisted during the War just as often as Protestants.
Decline in recruitment.
Several factors contributed to the decline in recruitment after 1916. One was the heavy casualties suffered by Irish units in the war. The 10th Irish Division suffered very heavy losses at Gallipoli in 1915, while the 16th and 36th Divisions were shattered at the Battle of the Somme in 1916.
A second important factor was the Catholic Church's condemnation of the war in July 1915. The Pope Benedict XV issued an encyclical calling on all powers to end the war and come to an agreement. As a result, the Irish Catholic Bishops publicly called on Redmond to withdraw Irish support for the war.
Thirdly, Irish troops in the British Army appear to have been treated with particular harshness. They constituted just two per cent of the membership of the force, yet they were the recipients of eight per cent (271) of all death sentences imposed by its courts-martial. Estimates on the number of executed ranging from 25 to 30 of the Irish war dead were victims of court martial executions. Opposition to the war in Ireland, may have therefore been influenced by perceived discrimination by British High Command against Irish soldiers. On average one British soldier out of every 3,000 of their troops that died in the war did so due to being court martialed and executed by firing squad, compared to the much higher, one out of every 600 of the Irish troops that died. Out of the total that were executed, 26 have since been retroactively pardoned.
The fourth and perhaps most important reason was the rise of radical nationalism after the Easter Rising of 1916—an insurrection in Dublin by separatists that left around 500 dead.
Unlike the rest of the United Kingdom, conscription was never imposed on Ireland, a position it held with the British dominion of Australia in WWI. In the British dominion of Canada after conscription began there was a conscription crisis, in 1917, following this, when Irish conscription was proposed in the spring of 1918 (following the huge German Spring Offensive), it led to the Conscription Crisis of 1918, a mass assembly of civil disobedience and the proposal was dropped in May after the American entry into the War (triggered by the sinking of the Lusitania) had helped stem the German advance.
German support to separatists.
In a similar fashion to another part of the British Empire, India, and the nascent Indian Independence Movement, the Irish rebels collaborated with their Indian counterparts and mutually sought help from Germany during the War. The Germans sent a shipment of over 20,000 captured Mosin-Nagant Russian rifles, 10 machine guns and 4 million rounds of ammunition to aid the Irish Easter Rising. However the shipment was lost when the ship, the "SS Libau", posing as the SS "Aud" was intercepted and scuttled by her captain off Fenit, County Kerry. After the Rising, they were in communication to send another, much larger weapons cache to Ireland in 1917, but the plan never materialised. Roger Casement tried to recruit a rebel unit from Irish prisoners of war in German captivity. The "Irish Brigade" drew only 55 recruits, however.
Summary.
According to historian David Fitzpatrick, "The proportion of eligible men who volunteered was well below that in Britain...even so the participation of 200,000 Irishmen was proportionately the greatest deployment of armed manpower in the history of Irish militarism"
Irish Divisions.
Of the Irish men who enlisted in the first year of the War, half were from what is now the Republic of Ireland; the other half were from what is now Northern Ireland. They joined new battalions of the eight regiments existing in Ireland.
These battalions were assigned to brigades of the 10th (Irish) Division, the 16th (Irish) Division and the 36th (Ulster) Division of Kitchener’s New Service Army, as well as to brigades of other United Kingdom Divisions during the course of the war.
A proportion of the Irish National Volunteers (INV) enlisted with regiments of both the 10th and 16th Divisions, but were predominately in the 16th division, members of the Ulster Volunteers (UVF), joined regiments of the 36th Division. Military historian Timothy Bowman states that 'While Kitchener saw the UVF as an efficient military force and was prepared to offer concessions to secure the services of UVF personnel in the British army his view of the INV was very different. The INV were, even in comparison to the UVF, an inefficient military force in 1914, lacked trained officers, finances and equipment. Kitchener was certainly not inclined to, as he saw it, waste valuable officers and equipment on such a force which, at best, would relieve Territorial units from garrison duties and, at worst, would provide Irish Nationalists with the ability training them in the means of War to enforce Home Rule they returned on their own terms’.
In spite of these criticisms, the 16th division gained a reputation as first-class shock troops during engagements in 1916.
The Irish regiments of the three divisions and the BEF as a whole appear to have suffered from few serious disciplinary or morale problems during March to November 1918.
10th Division.
The 10th (Irish) Division, was one of Kitchener's New Army K1 Army Group divisions formed in August 1914. Raised largely in Ireland from the Irish National Volunteers, it fought at Gallipoli, Salonika and Palestine and was the first Irish Division to take the field in war, under the command of Irish General Bryan Mahon and was the most travelled of the Irish formations.
Sent to Gallipoli it participated on 7 August 1915 in the disastrous Landing at Cape Helles and the August offensive. Some battalions of the division were engaged at Chunuk Bair. In September when the Suvla front became a stalemate, the division was moved to Salonika where it fought Bulgarian troops and remained for two years. In September 1917 the division transferred to Egypt where it joined the XX Corps. The division fought in the Third Battle of Gaza which succeeded in breaking the resistance of the Turkish defenders in southern Palestine.
The 10th Division was persistently under-strength due to heavy losses and "sluggish enlistment" and as a result was filled up early on with drafts from England. Because of this, historian Charles Townshend has suggested that, "it was an Irish unit in name only" and was the "least politicised of the three raised in Ireland". The division was furthermore broken up in 1918, split between the Middle East and Western Front. Military historian Timothy Bowman points out: ‘Following the German Spring Offensive, in a situation where the BEF was facing serious manpower problems on the Western Front, saw that six Irish battalions were released from the Middle East for service on the Western Front, so that the experience of its Service battalions could be spread through other formations, their place being taken by Indian Army battalions.
A second practical problem for the 10th Division to be split up was widespread malaria, with the likelihood of it being permanently unfit for action.
16th Division.
The 16th (Irish) Division was a K2 Army Group division of Kitchener’s New Army, formed in Ireland in September 1914 and raised around a core of the National Volunteers. The Division began forming towards the end of 1914 after Irish recruits first filled the ranks of the 10th Division. Initial training began in Ireland. It moved to England for more intensive training in September 1915. In December the division moved to France, joining the British Expeditionary Force (BEF), under the command of Irish Major General William Hickie, and spent the duration of the war in action on the Western Front.
Until March 1916 the Division was part of IV Corps, commanded by the staunch unionist Henry Wilson. Wilson, who had called the division “Johnnie Redmond’s pets”, inspected them over the course of a few days over Christmas 1915, noting that they “appear to be inferior” and that “at least 50p.c. are quite useless, old whiskey-sodden militiamen”. Hickie agreed that he had “a political Divn of riff raff Redmondites”. Wilson thought 47th brigade had “old officers, old & useless men, "very" bad musketry, rotten boots, and altogether a very poor show”. Wilson reported to the Army Commander Monro (6 January) that the Division, despite having been training since September–October 1914, would not be fit to serve in an active part of the line for six weeks. Although political prejudice probably played a part in Wilson's views, he also attributed much of the difference in quality between his divisions to training, especially of officers, in which he took a keen personal interest, opposing Haig's wish to delegate training from corps to division level.
William Bernard Hickie replaced Wilson and was much more diplomatic and tactful than his predecessors and spoke of the pride which his new command gave him. 
At Loos in January and February 1916 they got their introduction to trench warfare and suffered greatly in the Battle of Hulluch, 27–29 April, during the Easter Rising. They raided German trenches all through May and June, and in late July were moved to the Somme Valley where they were intensively engaged in the Battle of the Somme. The 16th division was critical in capturing the towns of Guillemont and Ginchy (both part of the Battle of the Somme), though they suffered massive casualties. A London newspaper headlined "How the Irish took Ginchy - Spendid daring of the Irish troops" The former Nationalist MP for East Tyrone, lawyer and economics professor at UCD, Tom Kettle was killed in this battle. During these two successful actions between 1 and 10 September its casualties amounted to 224 officers and 4,090 men; despite these very heavy losses the division gained a reputation as first-class shock troops. 
Out of a total of 10,845 men, it had lost 3,491 on the Loos sector between January and the end of May 1916, including heavy casualties from bombardment and a heavy chlorine and phosgene Gas attack at Hulluch in April. Bloodletting of this order was fatal to the division’s character, and it had to be refilled by male conscripts from England.
In early 1917, the division took a major part in the Battle of Messines alongside the 36th (Ulster) Division, adding duly to both their recognition and reputation. Their major actions ended in the summer of 1917 at the Battle of Passchendaele after moving under General Hubert Gough's Fifth Army command. In July 1917 during the Third Battle of Ypres, although both divisions were totally exhausted after 13 days of moving heavy equipment under heavy shelling he ordered their battalions advance through deep mud towards well fortified German positions left untouched by totally inadequate artillery preparation. By mid-August, the 16th had suffered over 4,200 casualties and the 36th had suffered almost 3,600 casualties, or more than 50 percent of their numbers. General Gough was later dismissed.
The 16th Division held an exposed position since early 1918 at Ronssoy where they suffered heavy losses during the German March Spring Offensive and in the retreat which followed, being practically wiped out when they helped to finally halt the German attack prior to the Battle of Hamel. The decision was then made to break up the division, the three surviving Service battalions posted to other formations. In June the division was "reconstituted" in England. The "16th Division" which returned to France on 27 July contained 5 English Battalions, 2 Scottish Battalions and 1 Welsh Division. The only original Battalion left was the 5th Royal Irish Fusiliers.
Certainly the dispersion of the Irish battalions throughout the BEF in 1918, despite its practical considerations, does appear to suggest that the Irish units were increasingly distrusted by the military authorities.
36th Division.
The 36th (Ulster) Division was a K6 Army Group division of Lord Kitchener's New Army formed in September 1914. Originally called the "Ulster Division", it was made up of members of the Ulster Volunteer Force who formed thirteen additional battalions for three existing Irish regiments; the Royal Irish Fusiliers, the Royal Irish Rifles and the Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers. The division served on the Western Front for the duration of the war. Its insignia was the Red Hand of Ulster.
The division was authorised on 28 October 1914. It was based on the formation and membership of the Ulster Volunteer Force to which a London based artillery unit was added. It contained men from all nine counties of Ulster. After training moved to France early October 1915. The 36th was one of the few divisions to make significant gains on the first day on the Somme in July 1916, when it attacked between the Ancre and Thiepval against a position known as the Schwaben Redoubt, according to military historian Martin Middlebrook. During the Battle of the Somme the Ulster Division was the only division of X Corps to have achieved its objectives on the opening day of the battle. This came at a heavy price, with the division suffering in two days of fighting, 5,500 officers and men, killed, wounded or missing.
War correspondent Philip Gibbs said of the Division, ‘’Their attack was one of the finest displays of human courage in the world’’. Of nine Victoria Crosses awarded to British forces in the battle, four were given to 36th Division soldiers. The division’s other battle engagements included: the Battle of Cambrai, Battle of Messines, Battle of Ypres (1917), Battle of Ypres (1918), Battle of Courtrai, Battle of the St Quentin Canal.
The 36th (Ulster) Division, on the other hand, had a variable performance and after it was badly cut-up and collapsed during the March 1918 Spring Offensive, the division in this case was reorganised and its battalions brought up to strength.
Both the 16th and 36th Divisions had also lost much of their original character by the end of the war. According to David Fitzpatrick, "Eventually heavy casualties and insufficient recruitment ensured that all three Irish Divisions were restocked with British recruits and effectively dismembered".
Irish regiments.
The Childers Reforms linked regiments to recruiting districts - in the case of Ireland to eight regimental recruiting areas, see end, also. Militarily, the whole of Ireland was administered as a separate command with Command Headquarters at Parkgate (Phoenix Park) Dublin, directly under the War Office in London.
Irish regiments engaged in the war were in the first place the old professional regiments, their battalions raised and garrisoned in Ireland, serving with the regular British army. They were: The Connaught Rangers, The Leinster Regiment, The Royal Dublin Fusiliers, The Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers, The Royal Irish Fusiliers, Royal Irish Regiment, The Royal Irish Rifles, The Royal Munster Fusiliers.
These regiments were assigned to Brigades of the follow United Kingdom Divisions: the 1st, 6th, 14th, 24th, 27th, 29th, 30th, 31st, 34th, 50th, 57th, 66th Divisions.
After the outbreak of hostilities in August 1914 the regimental garrisons raised additional new service battalions in Ireland for voluntary enlistment in the three New Irish Divisions of Kitchener's New Service Army. In March 1918 after the 10th and 16th Irish Divisions were broken up due to heavy casualties, their remaining New Service Battalions were dispersed throughout the above United Kingdom Divisions.
Irishmen also enlisted in other Irish regiments of the regular British army based elsewhere in England, Scotland and Wales (some Irish in name only). These included the Royal Irish Dragoon Guards, the 8th King's Royal Irish Hussars, the Irish Guards, the Liverpool Irish, the London Irish Rifles, the Queen's Royal Irish Hussars, the Royal Irish Artillery, the Royal Irish Lancers, the Royal Irish Rangers, the Tyneside Irish Brigade, the Royal Irish Regiment, and the London (Irish). Many Irish immigrants in other parts of the world also joined local Irish units, such as Canada's 199th (Duchess of Connaught's Own Irish Rangers) Battalion, CEF, or in the United States in the Irish American 69th Infantry Regiment.
Theatres of War.
1. Western Front.
First shot.
The first United Kingdom engagement in Europe of the War was made by the 4th Royal Irish Dragoon Guards on 22 August 1914. They encountered several German cavalrymen on patrol near Mons, when Corporal Edward Thomas had the distinction of firing the first British army shot in Europe in the War, during which some of the Germans were killed and others captured.
Mons, Givincy, 1914.
The Germans were pushing their advance through Belgium to encircle Paris within three weeks (Schlieffen Plan), when on 27 August the 2nd Battalion Royal Munster Fusiliers was chosen for the arduous task of forming the rearguard to cover the retreat of the British Expeditionary Force during the Battle of Mons. The Munsters were only to retreat if ordered. They made an epic stand losing 9 officers and 87 other ranks holding out in a famous action at the village of Étreux, many others surrounded and taken prisoner. They stemmed the Germans who were five or six times their strength for over a day, allowing their 1st Division to escape.
When the scattered battalion reassembled on 29 August it was down to a disastrous 5 officers and 196 others. These were withdrawn and by November recruits from home brought its strength up to over 800 men. The battalion was moved south to the Festubert sector in France on 22 November to fill a gap by taking two lines of trenches. There were 200 casualties in the first 10 minutes of heavy fire. On 25 January, the Kaiser’s birthday, the Germans tried unsuccessfully to break through with terrific shellfire. There then followed three months of rebuilding and training the battalion.
The Irish Guards also suffered heavily in battle of Mons, like the Munsters, having to fight a rearguard action while withdrawing from Bois de l'Haut. They took over 300 casualties but managed to retreat intact.
The Munsters' and Irish Guards' experience was typical of the decimation of the highly trained pre-war British Army in the campaigns of 1914 in France and Belgium. By the end of 1914, those regiments deployed in the original British Expeditionary Force had been shattered by very heavy casualties. On average, in each battalion of 1,000 men, only one officer and 30 men remained unscathed. For this reason, it was necessary to deploy, first reservists to replace casualties, and then the wartime volunteers of Kitchener's New Army (including the 10th, 16th and 36th Irish Divisions), in order to fight a war of an unprecedented scale.
St Julien, 1915.
While the 2nd Battle of Ypres raged in May the 2nd Royal Dublin Fusiliers were nearly wiped out as a result of a German-initiated poison gas attack. There were 666 personnel at the outset and 21 survived.
At the end of 1915 the 16th (Irish) Division entered the trenches on the Western Front under the command of Irish Major-General William Hickie.
Dublin, 1916.
As the number of Irish war casualties increased with little prospect of early victory, the Irish Volunteers continued to train and resisted any attempt to disarm them. They organised an Easter Rising in Dublin for 24 April. Roughly 1,200 Volunteers and Irish Citizen Army members took over the city centre. About 5,000 United Kingdom soldiers in the Dublin area were deployed to suppress the rebellion. An additional 1,000 were immediately sent from Belfast and further thousands were dispatched from Athlone, The Curragh and England. The 4th, 5th and 10th Royal Dublin Fusiliers took part in the fighting as did a number of officers and soldiers who were on leave in Dublin at the time. By the end of the week, 16,000 British troops had been deployed to Dublin. Casualties were 62 rebels killed, 132 British Army and Police dead and 368 wounded. Another 270 civilians were killed and over 2,000 wounded. In all, just 16 police and 22 of the British soldiers killed were Irishmen. Another 16 rebels were executed after the Rising.
It was generally accepted that the Irish Volunteers fought bravely and honourably. Prime Minister Asquith told the House of Commons that "they fought bravely and did not resort to outrage." The series of executions helped to swing Nationalist support away from the Parliamentary Party and behind Sinn Féin.
Hulluch, 1916.
A German gas attack on 27 April in the Battle of Hulluch caused 385 casualties. The 16th (Irish) Division remained in Loos-en-Gohelle until August. They then moved to The Somme but not before suffering 6,000 casualties, including 1,496 deaths. One major event of this period—the Easter Rising in Dublin, it was concluded by a number of historians, that the Rising had no detrimental impact on Irish troops, even on those with Republican sympathies.
Battle of the Somme, 1916.
The Battle of the Somme commenced early on 1 July and the day ended with a total of 60,000 allied casualties of whom 20,000 were killed in action. The 36th (Ulster) Division suffered 5,500 casualties and 2,000 of these were killed in action. The 1st Royal Dublin Fusiliers fought next to the 36th and endured 147 casualties - 22 killed and 64 missing in action. The 2nd Royal Dublin Fusiliers lost 14 of their 23 officers 311 out of a total of 480 in other ranks. There was also Irish participation in 1st Royal Irish Rifles, 1st Royal Irish Fusiliers, 1st Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers and 2nd Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers, 2nd Royal Irish Regiment, in four battalions of the Northumberland Fusiliers. The Battle continued until the following November when it was ended as a consequence of inclement weather.
While progress was limited the 16th (Irish) Division captured Guillemont on 2 September and Ginchy on 9 September. A London newspaper headlined "How the Irish took Ginchy - Spendid daring of the Irish troops" The former Nationalist MP for East Tyrone, lawyer and economics professor at UCD, Tom Kettle was killed at the Somme.
Messines Ridge, June 1917.
Following the successful engagement of the Dublin Fusiliers during the Arras Offensive in April, the 16th (Irish) and 36th (Ulster) Divisions fought alongside each other to capture the Belgium village of Wijtschate in a well planned attack in June 1917 at the Battle of Messines. It saw the largest ever concentration of Irish soldiers on a battlefield. Their advance across awful county has been reported by all who saw it as a sight never to be forgotten, a captured German officer stated that they moved as if on parade. They took all their objectives on schedule despite the loss of nearly all of its supporting tanks. The subsequent battle was a complete success militarily, the two divisions showing great fortitude—the Germans were no match for them as they mopped up all resistance, advancing over two miles in a few days with minimal losses, incredible by Western Front standards. One of those lost in the advance on 17 June was 56-year-old Major Willie Redmond MP for East Clare and other constituencies for 34 years. He was a brother of John Redmond, leader of the Irish Parliamentary Party.
Passchendaele, July 1917.
The following month, July 1917, both Divisions moved under the command of General Sir Hubert Gough, who had little regard for the Irish, was Commander of the British Fifth Army who ordered an advance to the east of Ypres towards well fortified German positions left untouched by totally inadequate British artillery preparation during the Third Battle of Ypres. By mid-August, the 16th (Irish) had suffered over 4,200 casualties and the 36th (Ulster) had suffered almost 3,600 casualties, or more than 50 percent of their numbers. Fr Willie Doyle a Jesuit and chaplain to the 10th (Irish) Division was killed. He had been awarded the Military Cross and was nominated for the Victoria Cross for his commendable bravery. The poet Francis Ledwidge was killed on 31 July.
Spring Offensive, March 1918.
The 16th (Irish) Division and the 36th (Ulster) Division were almost completely wiped out due to Gough’s insufficient defence preparations for the expected great German Spring Offensive towards Amiens in March 1918. One third of the total personnel were killed—over 6,400 in the 16th and over 6,100 in the 36th, which also resulted in the April conscription crisis. Irish manpower was reallocated to other Divisions when following the American campaigns they took part in the final Hundred Days Offensive which by October drove the Germans back from territory gained in the previous four years, to end the war.
2. Middle East Front.
Gallipoli, 1915.
A stalemate on the Western Front prompted an alternative approach to beating Germany by opening a second front in the east for which Russia needed urgent aid from the Mediterranean, to launch an assault to tie down the German army. However as the Ottoman Empire controlled the Bosporus sea passage, the Royal Navy tried to sail up the Dardanelles in March but several ships were lost. As a result, Irish, British, French and New Zealand troops were formed into the Mediterranean Expeditionary Force and transported from Britain to Gallipoli for a land invasion.
In the Gallipoli Campaign an invasion was attempted at six locations in April but Turkish defences kept the advance close to the beach. Irish battalions suffered extremely heavy losses during the V beach Landing at Cape Helles which was the most important of the landings and defended by four entrenched Turkish machine gun posts.
The main force was deployed from the SS "River Clyde", a 4,000 ton converted collier. The ship held 2,000 men; the 1st Battalion of the Royal Munster Fusiliers plus two companies of the 2nd Battalion, the Royal Hampshire Regiment and one company of the 1st Battalion Royal Dublin Fusiliers. The first approach to V Beach was made by the Royal Dublin Fusiliers in boats that were towed or rowed. The remaining battalions followed. Wave after wave of the brave men were literally mown down as they attempted to reach shore. Few succeeded, but they never faltered. Their efforts to build a bridgehead were in vain, suffering over 600 Irish casualties in a 36-hour period.
Another attempt was made in August but this too failed. Winston Churchill who had proposed the venture resigned from Government.
Serbia, 1915.
With the Bulgarian invasion of Serbia, both Greece and Serbia requested Allied help. A force of 2,454 attached to the 10th (Irish) Division sailed from Gallipoli to Salonika on 29 September to fight on the Bulgarian front during the Macedonian campaign. There the Royal Dublin 6th/7th Battalions and Munsters 6th/7th Battalions were deployed to take the village of Jenikoj (present-day Novo Selo?), during which they suffered 385 casualties.
In December, still wearing summer uniforms, the severe snow and frost caused many casualties. The 10th Division, which included Connaught Rangers, together with the Anglo-French forces having failed to prevent the fall of Serbia after the Bulgarian forces made intensive progress, were ordered to retreat. They remained at Salonika, where during 1916 they were built up to strength again.
Greece, 1916.
The Bulgarians, with German support, crossed the Greek frontier on 26 May 1916. The 10th Division was first sent into action in August along the Struma River valley, coming into action against the Bulgarians on 30 September in the 'Struma offensive', crossing the river and taking the village of Yenikoi (present-day Provatas in Serres Prefecture, Greece) then after a Bulgarian counterattack retaking it, but at the cost of 500 men. Now well below strength, also due to the malaria in summer and lack of recruits, they remained in Provatos. The Division withstood further Bulgarian attacks in March 1917. In late summer the 10th was withdrawn to be re-engaged to stem the Turks in Palestine.
Palestine, 1917.
Embarking from Salonika, they arrived via Egypt in Ismalia on 12. September. October was spent training after a redress, before entering the Sinai and Palestine Campaign. After the Battle of Gaza and the Turkish withdrawal early November, the 10th Division was refitted and returned to the line at the end of November. It encountered considerable sniper fire on the way to the capture of Jerusalem, which was entered unopposed on 9. December. With relatively low losses the Division had taken what was asked of it. After so many defeats since Gallipoli, they at last tasted victory. Into 1918 was spent on reconstruction work. Fighting flared up again in March which required an advance towards Nablis. This enemy engagement was to be the last action in Palestine.
France, 1918.
Heavy losses encountered on the Western Front after the great German Spring Offensive, resulted in the transfer of 60,000 men from Palestine to France, including ten battalions of the 10th Division. They embarked at Alexandria arriving Marseilles on 2 June 1918 and were transferred to the 2RMF for the beginning of the Hundred Days Offensive. For continuation, see 'Spring Offensive, March 1918' above.
Casualties.
The number of Irish deaths in the British Army recorded by the registrar general was 27,405, a casualty rate of 14 percent, roughly in line with the rest of the British forces. By contrast, the National War Memorial at Islandbridge, Dublin is dedicated "to the memory of the 49,400 Irish soldiers who gave their lives in the Great War, 1914–1918". This figure is often questioned. Recent estimates for Northern Ireland are given at up to 20,000 casualties, and between 30,000 to 35,000 for the whole of Ireland. It has been suggested that the often-cited death toll of 40–50,000 refers to all the fatalities in the Irish Divisions. In fact, only 71 percent of the casualties in these Divisions were natives of Ireland. According to the Irish National War Memorial, the figure of 49,400 is inclusive of recent Irish immigrants living in America.
The dead were buried close to the battlefield, but some of the seriously injured were sent to convalesce in Ireland. Those who died of their wounds in Ireland were buried in the Grangegorman Military Cemetery, if their bodies were not claimed by their families. The majority of those buried in Grangegorman are from the Great War.
Demobilisation and post war experience.
The War ended with the Armistice on 11 November; a war that had the active participation of an estimated 210,000 Irish men and women in the British forces and more in other allied armies.
When the Irish Divisions raised for the war were demobilised, roughly 100,000 war veterans returned to Ireland. This indicates that in the region of 70–80,000 decided to live elsewhere. Several reasons may explain this, one being high unemployment in Ireland and another being the rise of militant nationalism in the country, which in many cases was hostile to those who had served in the British forces.
With the outbreak of the guerrilla conflict, the Irish War of Independence (1919–1921), in which the Irish Republican Army attacked the police and British military, ex-servicemen were in a difficult situation. Some like Tom Barry and Emmet Dalton joined the IRA. Some others joined paramilitary police forces, the Black and Tans and Auxiliary Division, charged with putting down the guerrillas. In County Clare, for example, 15 locals joined the Auxiliaries, all of whom were war veterans, while 46 joined the Black and Tans, of whom 25 had served in the British Army Similarly in Northern Ireland, many ex-servicemen joined the Ulster Special Constabulary - an armed Auxiliary police force raised for counter-insurgency purposes. Over half of this (mostly Protestant and Unionist) force's 32,000 recruits were veterans of the Great War.
The majority of ex-servicemen, who took no part in the conflict, were however in many cases subjected to intimidation by the IRA. Some were targeted by the IRA for allegedly giving information to British forces, and for example, a total of 29 ex-servicemen were shot dead in County Cork as suspected informers. In total out of around 200 civilians killed by the IRA as informers, 82 were ex-servicemen.
When most of Ireland left the United Kingdom on the formation of the Irish Free State in 1922, the five regular, full-time Irish regiments garrisoned in Ireland, the Royal Dublin Fusiliers, the Royal Munster Fusiliers, the Connaught Rangers, and the Royal Irish Regiment, that had suffered so severely in the Great War, were disbanded.
Many ex-servicemen re-enlisted in the emerging Free State's newly formed Army Defence Force on the pro-Treaty side at the outbreak of the Irish Civil War in June 1922. One, W.R.E. Murphy rose to second in command in the Free State Army in the civil war and after became Commissioner of the Dublin Metropolitan Police.
Commemoration.
In the Free State.
Due to the complexity of the Irish experience during the Great War, and the hostility of much nationalist thinking to those who had fought in it on the British side, the Irishmen who fought and died in the war were not officially acknowledged for many years. According to historian Michael Hopkinson, "Large elements of Irish society were effectively excluded from Irish politics; Sinn Fein represented only part of the Irish nation. The virtual ban on the commemoration of the Irish dead of the First World War dramatically illustrates this".
From 1919–1925, Remembrance Day was marked with a ceremony on College Green in central Dublin. However this service was consistently marked by rioting between nationalists, unionists and ex-servicemen. In 1925, after Irish Independence, it was relocated to the Phoenix Park, outside the city centre, ostensibly for "traffic reasons". The IRA, an illegal group after its defeat in the civil war of 1922–23, sometimes attacked Poppy Appeal sellers and disrupted Remembrance Day events throughout the 1920s and 1930s.
Although the Irish government donated £50,000 in 1927 towards the construction of a Great War Memorial in Dublin, they put it in Islandbridge, outside the city centre, rather than in Merrion Square as originally proposed. Government minister Kevin O'Higgins (whose two brothers had served in the world war) summed up the dilemma of the moderate nationalist Cumann na nGaedheal government, The Republican opposition of Fianna Fáil was much more hostile, 
Although the Memorial Park was opened in 1948, it was not until 2006 that the Irish state held an official commemoration there for the Irish dead of the First World War, when President of Ireland Mary McAleese and the Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, marked the 90th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme on 1 July.
In Northern Ireland.
Northern Ireland, where the War was seen by unionists as a mark of British patriotism, has always officially commemorated the dead of both world wars on Armistice Day. For unionists, their contribution to the First World War, in particular, was a potent symbol of their loyalty to Britain. In the words of Keith Jeffrey, "It marks the Union sealed with blood. It stands for the ultimate test of Ulster's loyalty: a Blood Sacrifice to match any by Irish Nationalists".
For this reason although Northern Catholics had enlisted during the War just as often as Protestants, they were excluded from the War's Commemoration, which became an almost exclusively Unionist event.
Today , there is a monument to the 36th (Ulster) Division at Thiepval, but only two little Celtic crosses to commemorate the 16th (Irish) Division.
The 16th (Irish) Division was made up of Irish nationalists and thus was predominately Catholic, and for the best part of the rest of the 20th century it was almost eliminated from the historiography of the Great War, while at the same time the achievements of the 36th (Ulster) Division became part of the culture of Northern Irish Protestants.
Memorials.
Memorials commemorating those Irish who served and died in the Great War:

</doc>
<doc id="20195201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195201" title="Henry Duncan (1786–1835)">
Henry Duncan (1786–1835)

Captain The Honourable Sir Henry Duncan KCH, CB (1786 – 1 November 1835) was a prominent Royal Navy officer of the early nineteenth century. The second surviving son of the highly regarded Admiral Adam Duncan, 1st Viscount Duncan, who defeated the Dutch Navy at the Battle of Camperdown in 1797, Duncan achieved a successful career in his own right, operating with great success against French and Italian shipping and shore fortifications in the Mediterranean during the Napoleonic Wars. For his services he was knighted and given numerous honours before dying at the young age of 49 from a sudden apoplexy in 1835.
Early career.
Henry Duncan was born in 1786, the second surviving son of Adam Duncan, then a captain in the Royal Navy, later to become the admiral who defeated the Dutch fleet at the Battle of Camperdown and thus became Viscount Duncan. Henry's elder brother Robert inherited the titles on their father's death and was later created Earl of Camperdown. Their mother, Henrietta, was the daughter of Robert Dundas, a prominent Scottish judge. Following his father into the Navy at 14 in 1800, Duncan served as a midshipman on board the frigate HMS "Maidstone" until the Peace of Amiens the following year.
When the Navy was expanded once more at the outbreak of the Napoleonic Wars in 1803, Duncan joined HMS "Narcissus" in the Eastern Mediterranean and served in operations in the Aegean Sea and off Egypt. With "Narcissus" ordered back to Britain in 1804, Duncan joined the first rate HMS "Royal Sovereign" under Admiral Sir Richard Bickerton as a lieutenant and it was aboard this ship that he received news of the death of his father. The death of such a senior officer was marked by numerous letters of condolence, including one from Horatio Nelson which offered command of the small brig HMS "Bittern", whose captain Robert Corbet had been taken ill. When Duncan arrived to take command however Corbet had recovered and was restored to command. Duncan was instead promoted to commander and returned to Britain to take over the 18-gun HMS "Minorca" in the Channel Fleet.
Post captain.
Returning to the Mediterranean, Duncan was promoted to post captain in 1806 and took over the sixth rate HMS "Porcupine" in 1807, sent to serve in the Adriatic campaign by operating off the coast of the Kingdom of Italy. In 1808 he moved to the small frigate HMS "Mercury" engaged on the same service, raiding French harbours in the Adriatic Sea and Eastern Mediterranean. During these operations, he captured numerous coastal merchant ships and destroyed large quantities of military supplies. With "Mercury" in a poor state of repair, Duncan was ordered to escort the Mediterranean merchant shipping back to Britain and pay the ship off, arriving in early 1810 after a stormy passage.
Duncan was then given the large frigate HMS "Imperieuse" and commanded her in the Western Mediterranean off Toulon and Tripoli, seizing a number of French merchant ships. Raiding the Northwestern coast of Italy, Duncan succeeded in capturing numerous ships and destroying large quantities of supplies in fortified harbours before "Imperieuse" was forced to undergo extensive repairs in Port Mahon. Offered two other frigates as replacements, Duncan was presented with a letter from "Imperieuse"'s crew declaring their regard and respect for him and asking him not to move to another ship without them. Moved by this letter, Duncan remained with the ship and was given command of a squadron to operate against the Kingdom of Naples.
Post war service.
Returning to Britain in 1814 at the end of the War of the Sixth Coalition, "Imperieuse" was paid off and Duncan given command of the new HMS "Glasgow". Operating off the Spanish Atlantic coast and in the Bay of Biscay, Duncan saw little action before the final end to the Napoleonic Wars in 1815 and his ship was paid off in September. Appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath, Duncan was unemployed for three years before taking over the 50-gun fifth rate HMS "Liffey" which he commanded on anti-pirate operations in the West Indies and later escorted the Prince Regent on his fleet inspection in 1819, during which he praised Duncan and his ship. He subsequently conveyed Sir Charles Bagot, Ambassador to Russia, to Saint Petersburg and took despatches to Naples, remaining in the Mediterranean until 1821.
Marrying Mary Simson Crawford, the daughter of naval officer Captain James Coutts Crawford, in 1823, Duncan was briefly detached to Lisbon on confidential duties. He subsequently conveyed King George IV to Ireland and Calais before the ship was paid off and Duncan entered retirement. Except for occasional and largely ceremonial shore duties, Duncan did not serve in a naval capacity again. He had one surviving son, Adam Alexander and a daughter Anne Mary. A third child, Henry Robert, died at only a few days old. In December 1834, Duncan was knighted in the Royal Guelphic Order, but two years later suddenly collapsed and died at his London home in Eaton Place from apoplexy. He was buried in Kensal Green Cemetery, his funeral attended by many prominent serving naval officers.

</doc>
<doc id="20195205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195205" title="Newbrough">
Newbrough

 
Newbrough is a village in Northumberland, England. The village lies on the north bank of the River South Tyne about west of Hexham. 
History.
Newbrough was anciently part of the Manor of Thornton. The mediæval tower house known as Thornton Tower was reported to be in a state of decay in a survey in 1541. The Grade II listed building is now completely ruinous.
Governance.
Newbrough is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham.
Landmarks.
Newbrough Hall is an early 19th-century country house at Newbrough. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The estate was held by John Armstrong in 1692 and by John Bacon in the early 18th century. In 1811 the property passed to Bacon’s great grandson, the Reverend Henry Wastell.
Wastell built a new house in 1812 adjacent to the old tower, to a design by architect John Dobson. The estate later passed to his daughter and her husband of 1901, Colonel Coulson. They commissioned architect Francis William Deas (1862-1951) to modernise the house in 1902. The resulting two-storey house, with five bays of which the central was pedimented, was extended with two rear wings attached to the 1813 coach house to create a central courtyard. The house was equipped with electricity for which purpose a detached powerhouse was erected in the grounds. The powerhouse, now a separate dwelling, is Grade II listed.
Newbrough Town Hall, thought to be one of the finest in Tynedale, was built in 1876 and extensively modernised in 2000.
Stanegate.
Newbrough and Fourstones are on the Stanegate Roman road, built in A.D. 71, which runs from east to west and formed the original northern frontier before the building of Hadrian’s Wall. Newbrough’s church stands on the site of one of the line of forts along this road.
Education.
Newbrough CE First School, (Northumberland Local Education Authority) is an Infant School. It is a mixed school of Church of England religion.

</doc>
<doc id="20195220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195220" title="Duarte de Freitas do Amaral">
Duarte de Freitas do Amaral

Duarte Pinto de Carvalho de Freitas do Amaral, GCIH, ComC KCSG; b. Guimarães, 13 May 1909, d. Lisbon, 16 July 1979), was a Portuguese politician.
Background.
He was the fourth of six children of Duarte do Amaral Pinto de Freitas and wife Ana Mendes Ribeiro de Oliveira, and the brother of Gaspar Pinto de Carvalho de Freitas do Amaral.
Career.
He was a Licentiate in Civil Engineering from the University of Porto.
A landowner, he became the Lord by purchase of the House of an Aveleira, in Pencelo, Guimarães.
He became a Deputy to the National Assembly of Portugal and a Voter of the Superior Councils of the Industry and the Combustibles, Vice President of the Administration Council of Sacor and President of the Administration Councils of Cidla and Petroquímica.
He was a Honorary Member of many Associations, a Knight of the Order of the Holy Sepulchre and of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta and a Honorary Citizen of Póvoa de Varzim, etc.
Marriage and issue.
He married at the Chapel of the Patriarchate in Lisbon on 12 December 1936 Maria Filomena de Campos Trocado, born in Póvoa de Varzim on 8 July 1913, sister of his sister in law, daughter of Dr. Josué Francisco Trocado and wife Maria Alves de Campos, and had four children: 

</doc>
<doc id="20195250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195250" title="Meerabai Not Out">
Meerabai Not Out

Meerabai Not Out, based on cricket, is a 2008 Hindi Bollywood film that stars Mahesh Manjrekar, Mandira Bedi, Eijaz Khan and Anupam Kher. It is a Pritish Nandy Communications presented movie, directed by Chandrakant Kulkarni.
Mandira Bedi plays a deglam role of a cricket-crazy fan. Anil Kumble is also seen for a small role in the film. 
The film was released in India on 5 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20195253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195253" title="Jordan–Russia relations">
Jordan–Russia relations

Jordanian-Russian relations are foreign relations between Russia and Jordan. Russia has an embassy in Amman, while Jordan has an embassy in Moscow. Both countries had established diplomatic relations on August 20, 1963. Since then relations between both countries have been very strong and have been friendly. Russian Presidents Vladimir Putin and Dmitry Medvedev have visited Jordan several times and have met with Jordanian King Abdullah II.

</doc>
<doc id="20195255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195255" title="Olle Middle School">
Olle Middle School

E. A. Olle Middle School is a middle school at 9200 Boone Road in Houston, Texas, United States. The school, serving Grade 7 and Grade 8, is a part of the Alief Independent School District.
The school was a National Blue Ribbon School in the 1990-1991 school year.
History.
Olle officially opened its doors for the 1973-74 school year but because of some construction delays, did not fully open until March 3, 1974. Its first principal was Mr. Schumacher who served from 1973-1980(full name/specific date of service needed).
Around 1977-78, the outdoor jogging track was added. A year or so later, it was enclosed with its own chain-link fence, but was open to all joggers who would use it 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
In 1978-79, a bowling alley opened across Boone Road facing Olle Middle School and bowling was added to the Physical Education curriculum.
Olle had an impressive range of teaching facilities for its opening, including choir/music rooms (located on the south side of the outdoor courtyard), devoted Foreign Language rooms that were each divided into French, German, and Spanish and an impressive shop area for wood and steel crafting (located on the inner North-west tip, where a fourth House/Academy was never built), and a very large Arts/Craft department (in roughly the same area, but closer to the exit where school buses drop-off/pick-up students).
During the 1970s and into much of the 1980s, there was no "intermediate schools" in Alief and Olle Middle School served grades 5-8.
The school building was built using the newest trends to improve schooling and energy efficiency for its time. Most of these methods fell to the wayside as newer ways to teach went into style. The school was built with three "Houses" at the time and could handle the area's schooling needs with relative ease. There was limited windows to distract children from daydreaming, but each hose were built fairly open; there were no walls between classrooms and teachers wrote on specially treated walls in dry-erase markers. Walls to classrooms/areas were eventually added in the 1990s, to focus students more on studies, although preventing student's an avenue from "constant focus" on subject matter is still debated in teaching circles.
At the time, the three houses were named, "Yellow House", "Orange House", and "Blue House". These tended to be divided more along the lines of academic achievement than actual grade level. One could spend their entire academic life in one House, although teachers and areas/homerooms would be changed yearly within each of the Houses. There was some movement between Houses, depending on if an individual student improved or not based on test/teacher evaluation. Again, the student population was relatively easy to manage in such a setting.
Olle Middle School also contained the latest in teaching equipment, books, supplies, and other sundries at the time. It made extensive use of computers, Apple IIe's, mostly donated by Apple computer. These were used for "Honor Roll" students for the most part. At the time, home computing was entering the mainstream and this was fairly cutting-edge.
Sometime in the late 1990s, the "Houses" became to be called "Academies" and were trimmed with the times to fit Olle's new Two-Grade system instead of the former Four-Grade one. "Blue House" became "Blue Academy". "Orange House" became "Red Academy" and "Yellow House" became "Gold Academy". (With only two grades, this writer is not sure what use are three distinctive houses unless "Gold" still contains those deemed "academically gifted"/Honor Roll.) Also, due to growing student population, outside buildings were added that are still being used to this date. A few years afterward, they have been surrounded by a chain-link fence and the inner enclosed courtyard that used to be closed by a "steel-linked" gate that would drop down like a garage door has been replaced by two standard steel doors.
Although it had been talked about as far as 1979, school uniforms were only implemented sometime in the mid-1990s. Before that, there was a "school dress code" that became slowly, but progressively stricter as the years passed.
School uniforms (Current).
Students are required to wear school uniforms.They can wear red, white,and navy blue polo shirts. And Khaki and Navy pants, skirts, jumpers or shorts. The Texas Education Agency specifies that the parents and/or guardians of students zoned to a school with uniforms may apply for a waiver to opt out of the uniform policy so their children do not have to wear the uniform; parents must specify "bona fide" reasons, such as religious reasons or philosophical objections.
Feeder patterns.
Elementary schools that currently feed into Olle include Best, Horn, Landis, Douglas Smith, and portions of Boone and Audrey Judy Bush. Intermediate schools that feed into Olle include: Klentzman Intermediate School and a portion of Owens Intermediate School. Alief ISD does a lottery where 8th grade students are randomly put in the Alief High Schools (Elsik, Taylor or Hastings).
Students that wish to attend Kerr High School, the absolute best, receive a letter in the mail for Kerr which gives orientation dates. You have to attend at least one of them for them to even consider you. There is also the new school, Alief Early College High School, which is not at all similar to Kerr, and is, on average, one of the worst schools around. It is based solely on avid and dual credit classes, opened August 28, 2009.
School Day.
Olle goes on a 7 day period school day schedule. The school day starts at 8:50 and ends at 3:50.
Olle has an affiliation with Elsik High School; students who take geometry go there every day, and Olle provides a bus back. Students who take geometry in the morning have Staff Aid(e) for first period.

</doc>
<doc id="20195266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195266" title="Symphony No. 1 (Schnittke)">
Symphony No. 1 (Schnittke)

The First Symphony of the Russian composer Alfred Schnittke was written between 1969 and 1974.
Scored for a very large orchestra, it is recognised as one of Schnittke's most extreme essays in aleatoric music: from the outset the piece is loud, brash and chaotic, and it imports motifs from all parts of the Western classical tradition. Schnittke includes a choreography for the musicians themselves, and in a manner similar to Haydn's "Farewell Symphony", leave and re-enter the stage at points marked in the score. 
The second movement opens with a faux-baroque rondo which is soon usurped by a Mahlerian intervention on clarinet. This too is soon eclipsed by a sleazy percussive theme. There are also direct quotations from Tchaikovsky's B flat minor Piano Concerto, Johann Strauss Jr's 'Vienna Woods' waltz, Chopin's Second Piano Sonata amongst many others. Often the material collides in a manner similar to Charles Ives' music, but as the critic Alex Ross notes, taken to a much greater extreme. Schnittke also includes an extended jazz improvisation sequence for violin and piano in the second movement.
Ross regards it as surprising that the work was ever passed by the Soviet authorities, even though by the 1970s the regime had become less hardline. Schnittke himself noted:
While composing the symphony for four years, I simultaneously worked on the music to M. Romm's film "I Believe...". Together with the shooting crew I looked through thousands of meters of documentary film. Gradually they formed in my mind a seemingly chaotic but inwardly orderly chronicle of the 20th century. 
Somehow, Ross notes, the authorities saw this as an endorsement of the Soviet regime. He argues that in this piece, Western musical history is re-created as a barrage of garbled transmissions, a radio receiving many stations on one channel. Despite its veneer of goofiness, this triumph of planned anarchy has a simple and serious effect. It produces the sound of music, rather than music itself—what is overheard by a society that no longer knows how to listen. The society in question need not be Soviet.
The symphony was premiered on 9 February 1974, in Gorky (Nizhny Novgorod). The Gorky Philharmonic Orchestra was conducted by Gennadi Rozhdestvensky. Rozhdestvensky later recorded the work with the USSR Ministry of Culture Symphony Orchestra for Melodiya Records.
Schnittke's score was used by John Neumeier in his 1983 ballet "Endstation Sehnsucht" ("A Streetcar Named Desire", based on the Tennessee Williams play of the same name). Given the resources required to perform the music, a tape recording was used instead of a live orchestra. 

</doc>
<doc id="20195292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195292" title="Spotted trunkfish">
Spotted trunkfish

The Spotted Trunkfish is a member of the family Ostraciidae. It can be found in reefs throughout the Pacific Ocean and Indian Ocean as well as the south eastern Atlantic Ocean. The species gets its name from the black spots it has covered over its yellow/golden body.
The spotted trunkfish, like all trunkfish of the Genus Lactophrys, secretes a colorless toxin from glands on its skin when touched. The toxin is only dangerous when ingested, so there's no immediate harm to divers. Predators however, as large as nurse sharks, can die as a result of eating a trunkfish.

</doc>
<doc id="20195302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195302" title="Andrei Khimich">
Andrei Khimich

Andrei Ivanovich Khimich (; born December 14, 1937 in Makiïvka, Chernihiv) is a Soviet-born Ukraianian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1960s. At the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, he won the gold in the C-2 1000 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="20195310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195310" title="Akiba-chan (anime)">
Akiba-chan (anime)

Akiba-chan is the name of the main character, a posable figurine. Her name refers to the otaku obsession with collecting anime figurines and other merchandise (see Akiba-kei).
She lives in an apartment house named "Maison de Akiba". Four other girls share her easy-going, comic adventures.
The anime uses a combination of computer animation (CGI) and a stop-motion technique named .
The moe character design is by Poyoyon Rock a k a .

</doc>
<doc id="20195316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195316" title="Book of the Black Bass">
Book of the Black Bass

Book of the Black Bass - "Comprising Its Complete and Scientific and Life History with a Practical Treatise On Angling and Fly Fishing and a Full Description of Tools, Tackle and Implements" is a work of angling and fly fishing literature on the subject of Black Bass written by James A. Henshall, M.D., a mid-western medical doctor and first published in Cincinnati in 1881 by Robert Clarke & Co.
Synopsis.
Henshall's "Book of Black Bass" is really three books in one. There are nearly 180 pages devoted to the biology of the Black Basses known at the time. A slightly lesser number of pages in "Part Second" are focused on the fishing tackle necessary for successful Black Bass fishing. Henshall himself was a leading reel collector when his book was published and his chapters on fishing reels and their development are often quoted and valued by tackle collectors today. The "Part Third" as Henshall named it is focused on the various fishing techniques to be used in Black Bass fishing to include fly fishing.
Henshall published a companion book entitled "More About the Black Bass" is 1889 and in 1904 published "Book of the Black Bass" in a revised 2nd edition that included much of the writings in "More About the Black Bass."
In the 1881 Preface, Henshall introduces the book thus:
This book owes its origin to a long-cherished desire on the part of the author, to give to the Black Bass its proper place among game fishes, and to create among anglers, and the public generally, an interest in a fish that has never been so fully appreciated as its merits deserve, because of the want of suitable tackle for its capture, on the one hand, and a lack of information regarding its habits and economic value on the other.
The Book of the Black Bass is of an entirely practical nature, both as regards its subject-matter and its illustrations. It has been written more with a view to instruct, than to amuse or entertain the reader; he will, therefore, look in vain, between its covers, for those rhetorical flights, poetic descriptions or entertaining accounts and pleasing illustrations of the pleasures and vicissitudes of angling, which are usually found in works of this character. Nor is it to be regarded, on the other hand, as a book of a purely scientific nature—far from it—for the author has written as an angler rather than as a naturalist. With these apologies, I trust the reader will not be disappointed in its perusal.
Reviews.
But his book, "The Book of the Black Bass," will be all the monument and "obituary" that any man might crave. It is the most distinctively American of any fishing book ever published. It deals with a grand pair of American game fishes which had received scant attention from angling authors; not more than had been accorded to the perch and similar fish until Henshall made the declaration that: "Pound for pound, the black bass is the gamiest fish that swims." Then Americans began to regard these fishes in a new light and Henshall was dubbed "the apostle of the black bass." 
James A. Henshall's name will always be associated with the Black Bass. Not alone is the sportsman indebted to him, but the ichthyologist as well for the knowledge of this fish. ... In a masterly manner the author gives the fullest instruction concerning tools, tackle and implements to be used in black bass fishing, and at the conclusion there is to be read a chapter on fly fishing in its broadest sense.
The last word the author has to say is: "Always kill your fish as soon as taken from the water, and ever be satisfied with a moderate creel." In the volume there are to be read the names of many men of science and fisherman, American born, whose memories we cherish.
Once upon a time in this country there lived an eminent fish culturist, angling authority and traveler. His name was James Alexander Henshall... Henshall was a bass fisherman all his life. Henshall fished the length and breadth of the black bass range in this country and wrote a famous treatise, "Book of the Black Bass." He is indeed, the father of bass fishing in this country.
And Dr. Henshall wrote a volume in 1881 quite simply entitled "Book of the Black Bass" which practically clubbed the angling world into accepting bass as one of the world's great sporting fishes. "Inch for inch, pound for pound, the gamest fish that swims," the doctor said in his now-famous dictum. This was the statement that made bass socially acceptable, which they had not been before.
Henshall's writings, especially his "Book of the Black Bass" (1881), were the best, most comprehensive and scientifically authoritative works on bass for more than sixty years (and how often can "that" be said of a popular fishing book?), and he championed a good cause, alerting thousands of fly fishers to the sporting possibilities of the basses just as those fish were finding homes in new waters in many parts of the country.
What distinguished Henshall's prose, however was less the technical subject matter than his enthusiasm for the sporting quality of the black bass. "Inch for inch and pound for pound, the gamest fish that swims" does not exactly stand as an equivocal statement, even given the rhetorical nature of magazine writing in the latter part of the nineteenth century. It may be the most quoted line in American sportfishing. And with it, Henshall ensured his place in fishing history as the father of black bass fishing.
Other Editions.
From Antiquarian Book Exchange

</doc>
<doc id="20195319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195319" title="Stepan Oshchepkov">
Stepan Oshchepkov

Stepan Mikhaylovich Oschehpkov (; 9 January 1934 – 3 January 2012) was a Soviet-born Russian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1960s. He was born in Vladivostok, Primorsky Kray. At the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, he won the gold in the C-2 1000 m event. He died in Vladivostok, aged 77.

</doc>
<doc id="20195324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195324" title="Henry Paget, 1st Earl of Uxbridge (first creation)">
Henry Paget, 1st Earl of Uxbridge (first creation)

Henry Paget, 1st Earl of Uxbridge PC (13 January 1663 – 30 August 1743) was a British nobleman and politician.
Family.
He was the son of William Paget, 6th Baron Paget, and his wife Frances, daughter of Francis Pierrepoint and a granddaughter of Robert Pierrepont, 1st Earl of Kingston-upon-Hull. In 1686 he married Mary Catesby, and his children with her included an eldest son, Thomas Catesby Paget.
Career.
Paget was appointed a deputy lieutenant for Middlesex on 6 April 1689 and Staffordshire on 14 May 1689. He was elected Member of Parliament for the latter county on 7 November 1695 as a Tory. In 1702 he was made a deputy lieutenant for Buckinghamshire.
On 30 April 1704 Paget was appointed one of the Council advising the Lord High Admiral, Prince George of Denmark, and served until the Prince's death on 28 October 1708. He was also a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury between 10 August 1710 and 30 May 1711. On 13 June 1711 he was appointed Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard, being made a Privy Counsellor the next day and being raised to the House of Lords as Baron Burton, of Burton in the County of Stafford, on 1 January 1712. On 26 February 1713 he succeeded his father as 7th Baron Paget of Beaudesert, and was also appointed to succeed him as Lord Lieutenant of Staffordshire. 
On 1 May 1714 he was appointed Envoy Extraordinary to the Elector of Hanover, but refused to go unless he was made an Earl, which Queen Anne refused. However, when the Elector succeeded as King George I of Great Britain on 1 August, he raised Paget in the peerage as Earl of Uxbridge in the County of Middlesex, on 19 October 1714, and appointed him to the new Privy Council, 16 November 1714. In 1727, the Town of Uxbridge, Massachusetts Colony, was named in honor of Henry Paget, First Earl of Uxbridge.
Later life.
In 1715 Lord Uxbridge ceased to be Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard and Lord Lieutenant, and took on the post of Recorder of Lichfield, in which he served until his death.
Lady Uxbridge died suddenly on 3 November 1734, and was buried at West Drayton on 9 November. On 7 June 1739 Lord Uxbridge remarried to Elizabeth Bagot (born 3 March 1674). She was a member of another Staffordshire county family, the daughter of the late Sir Walter Bagot, 3rd Baronet (to whose Parliamentary seat Uxbridge had succeeded in 1695). He was seventy-six and she was sixty-nine. In 1740, he became a justice of the peace for Cambridgeshire.
The Earl of Uxbridge died at West Drayton on 30 August 1743, aged eighty. As his son Thomas, Lord Paget had predeceased him, on 4 February 1742, he was succeeded in his titles by his grandson Henry, who became the 2nd Earl. His widow Lady Uxbridge died on 2 September 1749.

</doc>
<doc id="20195327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195327" title="Thomas de Courtenay, 5th Earl of Devon">
Thomas de Courtenay, 5th Earl of Devon

Thomas Courtenay, 13th Earl of Devon (1414–1458) was an English nobleman who was involved in the Wars of the Roses. His seat was Colcombe Castle, near Colyton, Devon, and later the principal historic family seat of Tiverton Castle after his mother's death. Much of his life was spent in armed territorial struggle against his near-neighbour in Devon Sir William Bonville of Shute, Devon, at a time when central control over the provinces was weak. He had been married off as an infant to Margaret Beaufort, granddaughter of John of Gaunt, Duke of Lancaster, and started his career an adherent to the Lancastrian Beaufort party. On the demise of the Beaufort party he abandoned it in favour of the Duke of York. When York sought the support of Courtenay's arch-enemy Bonville, Courtenay fell out of favour with York. The Wars of the Roses led to the deaths and executions of all three of his sons, successively 6th, 7th, and 8th Earls of Devon, and the eventual attainder of his titles and forfeiture of his lands. The Earldom was however revived in 1485 for his distant cousin Sir Edward Courtenay, KG, (died 1509), third in descent from his great-uncle.
Youth.
Courtenay was born in 1414, the only surviving son of Hugh Courtenay, 12th Earl of Devon (1389 – 16 June 1422), and Anne Talbot. He inherited the earldom in 1422 at the age of eight.
On 1 May 1424, his late father's estates were delivered during his minority, in exchange for 700 marks per annum, into the wardship of the young Courtenay's uncle, John Talbot, 1st Earl of Shrewsbury, and of his mother the Dowager Countess Anne (d. 1441) along with a series of local gentlemen and lawyers. His mother, the dowager countess, received the customary dower third, including the primary Courtenay residence at Tiverton Castle, while a group of the late earl’s intimates were enfeoffed with another considerable group of manors to satisfy his debts and the terms of his will. It seems that their combined stewardship was far from satisfactory, as royal officials noted that his estates were ruinous and his deer parks so dilapidated that he was permitted as compensation to hunt in royal parks. This may have been for his part in Sir Thomas Rempston's expedition into Normandy the previous winter where they garrisoned the town of St. James-de-Beuvron.
According to Cokayne, Courtenay was knighted on 19 May 1426 by King Henry VI, and on 16 December 1431 Courtenay was among an entourage of 300 who attended Henry VI's second coronation at Notre Dame in Paris.
Majority.
Apparently aged just 19, thus two years early, Courtenay was granted livery to enter his lands and obtain his inheritance on 20/1 February 1433, on the payment of a relief of 1000 marks. It appears that no inquisition of proof of age, customary for a tenant in chief, was taken. Based on his family’s history and standing and on his own position as the leading landowner of the county, probably expected to take his place as the leader of Devon society. However, his mother’s longevity meant that her dower portion, including Tiverton Castle, and the other Courtenay estates which had been alienated under his father’s will were not in his hands and the young Courtenay was forced to live at Colcombe Castle, near Colyton, very close to his enemy William Bonville, 1st Baron Bonville, at Shute. His income of £1500 p.a. was lower than that of most nobles of comparable rank.
Career.
Struggle with Bonville.
The new earl found the political situation in Devonshire increasingly stacked against his own interests as a coalition of the greater gentry, led by William Bonville, 1st Baron Bonville, and the earl’s cousin, Sir Philip Courtenay of Powderham, threatened the Courtenays’ traditional dominance of the county. The relationship was complicated by Bonville's second marriage in 1430 to Elizabeth Courtenay (d.1471), Courtenay's aunt. Despite links via his wife, Margaret Beaufort, to the ascendant "court party" led by Cardinal Beaufort and John Beaufort, 1st earl of Somerset and Marquess of Dorset, and by Margaret Holland, daughter of the Earl of Kent, Courtenay failed to rectify his situation and instead resorted to violence, beginning in 1439. With the decline of Beaufort power, Courtenay became increasingly associated with Richard Plantagenet, 3rd Duke of York. Courtenay had been attacking Bonville's estates in the summer of 1439 and the king despatched a Privy Councillor, Sir John Stourton, 1st Baron Stourton, to extract a promise of good behavior from Courtenay, who was thereafter reluctant to attend the court in London. In 1441, Courtenay was appointed as Steward of the Duchy of Cornwall, a nearly identical post to Royal Steward for Cornwall which had been granted to Sir William Bonville in 1437, for life. A week later in May 1441, the warrant was retracted. Disputes arose between the two which contemporary records portray as reaching the status of a private war. Two men wearing Courtenay livery attacked Sir Philip Chetwynd, a friend of Bonville, on the road to London. Apparent evidence that the Council's arbitration of November 1440 had failed. Courtenay and Bonville were summoned before the King in December 1441, and were publicly reconciled. Tensions remained however and this may have been a factor in the crown’s requests to both Courtenay, who initially refused, and Bonville to serve in France, Bonville as seneschal of Gascony from 1442-6 and Courtenay at Pont-l'Évêque in Normandy in 1446. This is one of the few times that Courtenay served abroad, for he had refused in March 1443, seemingly preferring to spend his time bolstering his position in Devon or at court. While Bonville was abroad, the King released Devon from his debts, including the recognisance for good behaviour, probably remitted by the influence of father-in-law, John Beaufort, Earl of Somerset.
Royal appointments.
Commissions.
His advantageous marriage to Margaret Beaufort brought him links to the "court party", and Courtenay began to be selected by the king to serve on Westcountry commissions and was granted an annuity of £100 for his services.
Other.
1445 marked a fleeting high point in Courtenay’s fortunes, with his appointment as High Steward of England at Queen Margaret’s coronation on 25 May. Only the year before, March 1444, Bonville had identified himself with Suffolk, at Margaret's bethrothal in Rouen.
Abandonment of Beauforts.
The deaths of his brother-in-law John Beaufort, 1st Duke of Somerset, in 1444, and of the leader of the party Cardinal Beaufort, 2nd son of John of Gaunt, in 1447, removed Beaufort leadership of the ‘court’ party, leaving William de la Pole, 1st Duke of Suffolk as the most influential figure in national politics While there is no evidence of direct antagonism between Courtenay and the Duke of Suffolk, the latter appeared to favour the Bonvilles. Sir William Bonville enjoyed links with Suffolk and married his daughter to William Tailboys, one of the Duke's closest associates. Perhaps the most dramatic illustration of this favour was Bonville’s elevation to the peerage, presumably at the direction of Suffolk, as Baron Bonville of Chewton Mendip in 1449.
Switch to Yorkist party.
This promotion of his enemy Bonville may have prompted Devon to oppose the 'Court party' and to serve with his friend Richard Plantagenet, 3rd Duke of York during the Cade Rebellion. Courtenay switched allegiance to York, who with the Duke of Norfolk took control briefly of London. He remained loyal to York during the Parliament of November 1450, when they invoked the support of the Commons to raise taxation. Having rescued the Duke of Somerset from an angry London mob, York himself had to flee, taking refuge on the Earl of Devon's barge rowing down the Thames.
It is hardly surprising that Devon began to become associated with York, who had assumed the leadership of the "opposition" party. The parlous state of national politics (whether the king was a vindictive factionalist or an inane non-entity is largely irrelevant in this context) combined with what seems like a reckless and violent element in Courtenay’s own character, led to a further campaign of violence against Bonville and the Suffolk-aligned James Butler, 5th Earl of Ormond and Earl of Wiltshire. Courtenay and his troops attempted to capture Butler near Bath in Wiltshire before returning to besiege Bonville in Taunton Castle. The arrival of York (whether to suppress or aid the disturbances is uncertain) caused the two sides to make peace which, unsurprisingly, had no real meaning. York then embarked on his abortive attempt to take control of royal government by force, his only allies being Courtenay and his sometime-associate, Edward Brooke, 6th Baron Cobham.
In the West Country Courtenay hounded Bonville without mercy, and pursued him to Taunton Castle and laid siege to it. York arrived to lift the siege, and imprisoned Bonville, who was nevertheless quickly released.
Defeat of Yorkists.
York's and Courtenay's humiliation by Henry VI and Suffolk at the Dartford meeting in 1452, led to the confirmation of Bonville as Constable of Exeter Castle, making him the king's chief officer in Devon. This marked a low ebb in Courtenay's fortunes and represented the biggest threat to his position as the premier noble and landowner in the county. This exploit ended with the disgrace of all three 'Yorkists' and their submission to royal mercy in March. The King had issued an arrest warrant on 24 September 1451, drafted by Somerset, to be enforced by Butler and Bonville. The Yorkist rebellions prompted royal commissions for Buckingham and Bonville on 14 February 1452. A direct summons without delay was ordered by Royal Proclamation on 17 February to bring Courtenay and Lord Cobham to London. Two days later, demonstrations were held by Courtenay's army at Yeovil and Ilminster, converging with York's on London.
Treason charge.
Courtenay was charged with treason and briefly imprisoned in Wallingford Castle, before appearing on trial before the House of Lords. His disgrace and political isolation allowed his Devonshire rivals to consolidate their positions, further undermining his decreased standing in the county. Bonville acquired all royal commissions in the south-west.
Resurgence of York.
King Henry VI's madness and York’s appointment as Protector in 1453/4 resulted in a partial rally in Courtenay’s fortunes, including his re-appointment to commissions of the peace in the south-western counties, the key barometer of the local balance of power. He was a member of the Royal Council until April 1454. Courtenay was bound over to keep the peace with a fine of 1000 marks, but ignored its restrictions. Threatened by the Council on 3 June, he was forced on 24 July to make a new bond.
Abandonment by York.
This was, however, the end of Courtenay’s links with York, whose increasingly tight links with the Neville earls of Salisbury and Warwick led to an alignment with Bonville away from Courtenay. This culminated in the marriage of William Bonville, 6th Baron Harington, Bonville’s grandson, to Salisbury’s daughter, Katherine. Courtenay did not endear himself to Somerset either, as he and his sons repeatedly disrupted the sessions of the commissioners of the peace in Exeter during 1454/5, which did not assist Protector Somerset in promoting his role as the guardian of law and order. Courtenay was present at the First Battle of St Albans, and was wounded. York however still considered him at least neutral as the Duke’s letters addressed to the King on the eve of battle were delivered to the king via the apparently still trusted hands of Courtenay.
Final assault on Bonville.
Perhaps inspired by the way the Nevilles and York had forcefully ended their respective feuds with the Percies and the Duke of Somerset in the battle, Courtenay returned to Devon and commenced a further campaign of violence against Bonville and his allies, who were now attached to Warwick's party. The violence began in October 1455 with the horrific murder by Courtenay allies of Nicholas Radford, an eminent local barrister, recorder of the city of Exeter and one of Bonville’s councilors. Several contemporary accounts, including the Paston Letters, record this event with the ensuing mock-funeral and coronary inquest accompanied by the singing of highly inappropriate songs, in tones of shock and horror unusual during the blunted sensitivities of the fifteenth century. Among the murderers was Thomas Courtenay, the earl’s son and later successor. Parliament, meeting in November 1455, reported 800 horsemen and 4,000 infantry running amok across Devon. On 3 November 1455 Courtenay with his sons, Thomas Carrew of Ashwater and a considerable force of 1,000 men occupied the city of Exeter, nominally controlled by Bonville as castellan of the royal castle of Exeter, which they continued to control until 23 December 1455. Courtenay had before warned the populace that Bonville was approaching with a 'great multitude' to sack the city. On 3 November 1455 Bonville's men setting out from his seat at Shute had looted the Earl's nearby house at Colcombe, Colyton, and Bonville promised his support to the Earl's distant cousin, Sir Philip Courtenay of Powderham. Dozens of men violated consecrated ground and Radford’s valuables were extracted from the cathedral and his house in Exeter was also robbed. Village-dwellers with Bonville connections were assaulted by Devon's men. Powderham Castle, home to the earl’s estranged cousin, Sir Philip Courtenay (d.1463), an ally of Bonville, was besieged on 15 November 1455, the earl’s weaponry now including a serpentine cannon. Bonville attempted to relieve the castle but was repulsed as the Earl threatened to batter down its walls. Finally battle was joined directly between Bonville and Courtenay at the Battle of Clyst Heath, at Clyst Bridge, just south east of Exeter on 15 December 1455. While it seems that Bonville was put to flight, the number of dead or wounded is entirely unknown. Two days later Thomas Carrew with 500 of Courtenay's retainers pillaged Shute, seizing a bounty of looted goods. Courtenay and his men left Exeter on 21 December 1455 and shortly afterwards submitted to York at Shaftesbury in Dorset. Early in December 1455 the King had dismissed Devon from the Commission of Peace, and citizens of Exeter had been instructed not to help his army of "misrule" in any way.
Aftermath of Clyst Heath.
Devon was incarcerated in the Tower. Originally, the government planned to bring him to trial for treason but this was abandoned once the King Henry VI returned to sanity in February 1456, and York was removed as Protector. Courtenay was also returned to the commission of the peace for Devonshire, seemingly the work of Queen Margaret of Anjou who had taken personal control of the court. Courtenay had cultivated links with Queen Margaret, and an alliance was sealed by the marriage of his son and heir, Sir Thomas Courtenay, to the Queen’s kinswoman, Marie, the daughter of Charles, Count of Maine. Despite having been banned from entering and leading armed men into Exeter and holding assemblies, 500 men under John Courtenay entered the High Street on 8 April 1456. His rivals, Philip Courtenay and Lord Fitzwarin, were prevented from exercising commissions as Justices of the Peace, and were forced to leave the city. Butler, Bonville's patron, and Sir John Fortescue, Chief Justice, arrived with a large entourage to investigate under a commission of oyer et terminer. They rejected Courtenay's petition to have Bonville's sheriffdom of Devon removed. Two years later his sons, Thomas and Henry Courtenay, were absolved of the murder of Nicholas Radford.
Courtenay was restored to the bench of JPs and was made Keeper of the Park of Clarendon in February 1457, and Keeper of Clarendon Forest in Wiltshire on 17 July 1457.
Marriage and issue.
Courtenay married, after 1421, Margaret Beaufort (c. 1409–1449), daughter of John Beaufort, 1st Earl of Somerset by Margaret Holland, and sister of Henry Beaufort, 2nd Earl of Somerset, John Beaufort, 1st Duke of Somerset, Thomas Beaufort, Count of Perche, Joan Beaufort, Queen of Scotland and Edmund Beaufort, 2nd Duke of Somerset. They had three sons and five daughters:
Death.
Courtenay received a summons to appear with York before the King in London in February 1458. He broke his journey at Abingdon Abbey, and died there on 3 February 1458. A contemporary chronicler asserted that he had been poisoned by the Prior on the Queen's orders, which is perhaps unlikely considering the Earl's alliance with the Queen. In his will the Earl requested burial in the Courtenay Chantry Chapel of Exeter Cathedral. The will was proved at Lambeth on 21 February 1458, and an inquisition post mortem was taken in 1467.
The Earl was succeeded by his eldest son, Thomas Courtenay, 14th Earl of Devon, who was beheaded at York on 3 April 1461 after the Battle of Towton, and attainted by Parliament in November 1461, whereby the earldom was forfeited.

</doc>
<doc id="20195328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195328" title="Magaye Gueye">
Magaye Gueye

Magaye Serigne Falilou Dit Nelson Gueye (born 6 July 1990) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger for English club Everton. He is a former French youth and under-21 international, but in 2012 he accepted a call up from Senegal for the Olympic games tournament, eligible due to his Senegalese parentage. Prior to signing with Everton, Gueye played for RC Strasbourg in France. He has also spent time on loan from Everton at Stade Brest. He was a talented sprinter but stopped to focus on his football career, his 100m personal best remains 10.13s.
Club career.
Strasbourg.
Gueye was born in Nogent-sur-Marne to Senegalese parents and began his career in the Île-de-France region playing for local club US Lognes in the eastern suburbs of Paris. In 2002, at the age of 12, he joined the youth academy of RC Strasbourg. Gueye quickly progressed through the youth ranks, where he helped the under-18 squad reach the semi-finals of the 2008 Coupe Gambardella. For the 2008–09 season, he was promoted to the club's Championnat de France amateur team, appearing in 13 matches and scoring two goals. He also assisted on three goals. On 30 October, Gueye signed his first professional contract, agreeing to a three-year deal until June 2012. He was officially promoted to the senior team and assigned the number 4 shirt.
Gueye made his professional debut on 3 November 2008 in the club's league match against Lens appearing as a substitute for the Brazilian Marcos in a 1–1 draw. He made his first career start several months later on 10 April 2009, this time in a 4–1 defeat to Lens. Gueye switched to the number 8 shirt for the 2009–10 season and scored his first professional goal in the club's first match of the season against Istres in the Coupe de la Ligue. However, Strasbourg lost the match 6–1. He continued his streak of proficient goalscoring by scoring a goal in each of the club's first five league matches against Châteauroux, Laval, Arles-Avignon, Ajaccio, and Sedan. Gueye later suffered a severe groin injury and missed both November and December.
Following the winter break, he returned to the team and in his first match back, he provided the assist for Strasbourg's only goal in their 3–1 loss to Olympique Lyonnais in the Coupe de France. However, later in the match, Gueye suffered an injury to his knee. The injury was, initially, diagnosed as torn ligaments, however, after further medical analysis, it was reduced to only a sprain. Gueye missed six weeks, as opposed to six months had he torn the ligaments.
Everton.
In June 2010, Gueye joined English club Everton, signing a five-year contract, for a fee of £1m. He made his début in a 1–0 victory over Sydney FC on a pre-season tour of Australia the following month. Gueye scored his first goal for the club in a 2–1 victory over Brisbane Roar a week later. He made his competitive début for the Blues in their first League Cup match of the 2010–11 season, starting on the field in a 5–1 victory over Huddersfield Town. His first league appearance for Everton came on 2 April 2011, as a substitute for Séamus Coleman in a 2–2 draw against Aston Villa. His first Premier League start was in a 3–0 win against Wolves on 9 April 2011. Gueye was influential in Everton's FA Cup quarter-final replay victory at Sunderland on 27 March 2012, assisting Nikica Jelavic for Everton's first of the game and securing the club's third appearance at Wembley Stadium in as many years. On 9 April 2012, Gueye's first Premier League goal came in a 4–0 win over Sunderland, smashing in the opener from a rebound from a Leon Osman effort. He also made two assists in the match. He scored his only goal of the 2012–13 season on 29 August 2012, volleying in a Séamus Coleman cross in a League Cup second round tie at home to Leyton Orient.
Stade Brestois 29.
Gueye joined French club Brest on loan for the rest of the 2012-13 season.
He made his debut on 9 February 2013 against Valenciennes but could not prevent a 2–1 loss for Brest. Gueye made a total of eight appearances for the club.
International.
France.
Gueye featured with the under-16 team early on during his development, but appeared with neither the under-17s or the under-18s in competition. He returned with the under-19 team making his debut in an under-19 tournament held in Denmark. He participated with the team in the qualification for the 2009 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship scoring goals against Malta and Latvia. In the tournament, he scored the team's only goal in their 1–3 loss to England in the semi-finals. On 27 August, he was called up to the under-21 team for their 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification matches against Slovenia and the Ukraine. He earned his first under-21 cap in the match against Slovenia appearing as a substitute. On 12 May 2010, Gueye was called up to the under-20 team by coach Patrick Gonfalone to participate in the 2010 Toulon Tournament. In the team's second group stage match against Japan, he scored the second goal, converting a penalty, in the team's 4–1 victory.
Senegal.
In June 2012, Gueye completed paperwork to become eligible to represent Senegal internationally. The following month, he accepted a call-up from Joseph Koto and was named in Senegal's Olympic squad for London 2012 Summer Olympics football tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20195334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195334" title="Khalanga, Rapti">
Khalanga, Rapti

Khalanga is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6380.
Media.
To Promote local culture Khalanga has one FM radio station Radio Salyan FM - 101 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20195336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195336" title="Milje, Šenčur">
Milje, Šenčur

Milje () is a village in the Municipality of Šenčur in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20195344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195344" title="Lewis Grant (colonial administrator)">
Lewis Grant (colonial administrator)

Lewis Grant was the British governor of the Bahamas (1821–1829) and governor of Trinidad (10 March 1829 – 22 April 1833). 

</doc>
<doc id="20195359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195359" title="Jean Boudehen">
Jean Boudehen

Jean Boudehen (January 11, 1939 – September 4, 1982) was a French sprint canoer who competed in the 1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won the silver medal in the C-2 1000 m event at Tokyo in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20195362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195362" title="Ernst Poeppel">
Ernst Poeppel

Ernst Poeppel (Prof. Dr. Ernst Poeppel ML) is a German psychologist and neuroscientist who was born in 1940. He has studied psychology and biology in Freiburg and Munich, Germany, before finishing his academic education with PhD in 1968 in Innsbruck, Austria. He did research on temporal perception and circadian rhythms between 1964 and 1968 in the Max-Planck-Institute of Behavioral Physiology, and on neurophysiology of vision in 1969 and 1970 in Max-Planck-Institute of Psychiatry, Munich. From 1971 to 1973, he did research on neuropsychology of vision at the Department of Psychology and Brain Science at MIT, Cambridge, USA. At the same time, he was staff scientist at the Neuroscience Research Program (NRP). At this time, he described together with Richard Held and Douglas Frost a phenomenon of residual vision, which became to be known as blindsight.
After his first habilitation in Sensory Physiology (Dr. med. habil.) in 1974 and a second one in Psychology (Dr. phil. habil.) in 1976 he became Professor of Medical Psychology (“Ordinarius”) in 1976 at the Medical Faculty of Munich University, Germany. In 1977 he founded the Institute for Medical Psychology, and he became its director, a position he held until 2008. From 1992 to 1997 he had leave of absence from Munich University, when he was board member of the national Research Center Juelich, where he was responsible for the Life Sciences (Brain Research, Biotechnology), Environmental Sciences, and Mathematical Modeling.
In 1997, he and the neuroscientist Gerhard Neuweiler founded the Humanwissenschaftliches Zentrum (HWZ – Human Science Center) of Munich University, and he has been the CEO since then. The HWZ is an interdisciplinary and international platform for research to bridge the gap between academic faculties. With its more than 70 members worldwide, research of the HWZ focuses on “anthropological universals and cultural specifics”. In 1999, for instance, the HWZ started a sequence of Sino-German Workshops together with Peking University. The 7th Sino-German Workshop in 2008 was dedicated to the topic of “Culture and Identity”, which was coorganized with Shihui Han from the Department of Psychology of Beida (Peking University).
Since 2000 Ernst Poeppel is also Co-Director of Parmenides Center for the Study of Thinking (Elba, Italy, and Munich), since 2001 he is Scientific Director of the Generation Research Program (GRP) in Bad Tölz, Germany, and since 2006 he is Co-Director of the FESTO Program of Applied Knowing (F.PAK). The GRP is dedicated to research for the elderly taking into consideration of demographic changes; F.PAK develops a new Master Program for vocational learning based on results from the neurosciences and systems theory.
Ernst Poeppel has received several honors, like the Bavaria Constitutional Medal, and in 1992 he became Member of Leopoldina (ML), the National Scientific Academy of Germany. He is also member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts, and has been Dean of Science. He became known for his research on neuropsychology of vision and temporal perception. He has always tried to bring scientific knowledge to general public through books, articles for non-academic audience and a TV series on “Magic Universe of the Brain”. In parallel to his research in vision and temporal perception, he has promoted the cooperation between scientists and artists, a field has become known lately as “Neuro-Esthetics”. Together with the American poet Fred Turner he received an award of the American Poetry Association for an essay on the temporal structure in poems. He works closely together with the Austrian poet Raoul Schrott, and the Russian-German artist Igor Sacharow-Ross, who took up his concept of “Syntopy”. With this new term, which is juxtaposed to “Utopy” the need of bringing together at one place different activities in modern society is expressed. In particular, in cooperation with scholars from Japan (like Hiroshi Shimizu or Tadeshe Kume) this new term and concept has proven to be useful. 
Research of Ernst Poeppel has globalized in the last years, having moved now more towards the East compared to earlier orientation towards the West, like cooperation with scientists from the US. He has common projects with Chinese colleagues from Peking University (in particular with Yan Bao and Bin Zhou from the Department of Psychology and with Huisheng Chi and Xihong Wu from the Center of Speech and Hearing Research) and the Chinese Academy of Sciences (Lin Chen), with Japanese colleagues from Tokyo Institute of Technology (in particular Yoshihiro Miyake and Yumiko Muto), with the Russian colleagues like Nikita Podvigin from St. Petersburg and Victor Shklovsky from Moscow, and with the Polish neuroscientist Elsbieta Szelag from the Nencki Institute in Warsaw. His political motivation for such international cooperations besides scientific interests is: “Scientists are Natural Ambassadors”.

</doc>
<doc id="20195381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195381" title="Michel Chapuis">
Michel Chapuis

Michel Chapuis (born June 18, 1941) is a French sprint canoer who competed in the early 1960s. He won the silver medal in the C-2 1000 m event at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="20195393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195393" title="Oman–Russia relations">
Oman–Russia relations

Oman–Russia relations () is the bilateral relationship between Russia and Oman. Russia has an embassy in Muscat. Oman is represented in Russia through its embassy in Moscow. Oman was allied to the west during the Cold War. The Soviet Union supported marxist rebels like the Popular Front for the Liberation of Oman in Oman during the Dhofar Rebellion, resulting in bad relations between Oman and the Soviets. The rebels were crushed with British help by the Omani government. Oman did not maintain relations with the Soviets during this time. After a long period, Oman and the Soviet Union had established diplomatic relations on February 5, 1986 and still maintain mostly neutral relations. Oman takes an isolationist stance in the region

</doc>
<doc id="20195395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195395" title="Malaysia Federal Route 140">
Malaysia Federal Route 140

Federal Route 140 (Formerly Melaka state route ) is a federal road in Melaka, Malaysia. It connects Pantai Kundor in the west to Cheng in the east.
Route background.
The Kilometre Zero of the Federal Route 140 starts at Pantai Kundor.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 140 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20195400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195400" title="Peer Nielsen">
Peer Nielsen

Peer Nielson (sometimes shown as Peer Noorbohm, born June 25, 1942) is a Danish sprint canoer who competed in the early 1960s. He won the bronze medal in the C-2 1000 m event at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="20195404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195404" title="Korbang Jhimpe">
Korbang Jhimpe

Korbang Jhimpe is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 636.

</doc>
<doc id="20195409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195409" title="Kotbara">
Kotbara

Kotbara is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3990.

</doc>
<doc id="20195410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195410" title="Syrphinae">
Syrphinae

The Syrphinae constitute one of the three subfamilies of the fly family Syrphidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20195415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195415" title="Kotmala">
Kotmala

Kotmala is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3735 people living in 649 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20195416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195416" title="John Sørensen">
John Sørensen

John Rungsted Sørensen (born October 5, 1934) is a Danish sprint canoer who competed in the early 1960s. He won the bronze medal in the C-2 1000 m event at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="20195420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195420" title="Ronnie Phillips">
Ronnie Phillips

Ronald "Ronnie" Phillips (born 30 March 1947, Worsley; died 18 April 2002) is a former English professional footballer.
Playing career.
A left sided midfielder who also played as winger, Phillips began his career with Bolton Wanderers. After 145 league appearances and a loan spell with Chesterfield, Phillips joined Bury in 1975 for a two year spell.
Early in 1977–78 Phillips joined Chester, where he became part of one of the club's most successful teams. His four year stint at Sealand Road was largely successful, although Phillips did suffer the indignity of missing an open goal for Chester in a televised match at Blackpool in December 1978.
Phillips left Chester in February 1981 and briefly joined Chorley before signing for Barrow in the Alliance Premier League. But he suffered a serious leg injury shortly after signing and left him in plaster for six months, effectively ending his playing career at a serious level.
After his football career ended Phillips worked for an insurance company and later established a successful newsagents business. Unfortunately he began to suffer from depression, leading to his death from self-inflicted injuries in April 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20195422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195422" title="Kubhinde, Rapti">
Kubhinde, Rapti

Kubhinde, Rapti is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4723 people living in 879 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20195424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195424" title="Laxmipur, Salyan">
Laxmipur, Salyan

Laxmipur, Salyan is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3678 people living in 648 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20195428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195428" title="Lekhpokhara">
Lekhpokhara

Lekhpokhara is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2749 people living in 481 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20195432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195432" title="Majh Khanda">
Majh Khanda

Majh Khanda is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3480 people living in 648 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20195439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195439" title="Marke, Nepal">
Marke, Nepal

Marke is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4189 people living in 770 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20195449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195449" title="Marmaparikhanda">
Marmaparikhanda

Marmaparikhanda is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3530 people living in 597 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20195450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195450" title="Henry Lambert">
Henry Lambert

Captain Henry Lambert RN (died 4 January 1813) was an officer of the British Royal Navy during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars and the War of 1812. During his career, Lambert served in numerous ships and several military actions with success, participating in the capture of Île Bonaparte in the Indian Ocean as second in command under Josias Rowley. Lambert is best known however for being captain of the frigate HMS "Java" on 29 December 1812 when she was captured in the Mid-Atlantic by USS "Constitution" during the War of 1812. Lambert was mortally wounded in the battle and died seven days later in Salvador, Brazil.
Career.
Lambert was the son of naval Captain Robert Lambert and entered the navy at an early age aboard HMS "Cumberland" in 1795. Serving in the Mediterranean, "Cumberland" was heavily engaged at the Battle of Hyères where the French ship of the line "Alcide" was blown up. For the next six years, Lambert served in the Mediterranean on board the frigate HMS "Virginie" and the ship of the line HMS "Suffolk" before obtaining promotion to lieutenant in 1801. He later joined HMS "Victorious" and the following year HMS "Centurion" during the Peace of Amiens.
At the outbreak of the Napoleonic Wars in 1803, Lambert was promoted to be commander of the 20-gun . In April 1804 he fought off the 36-gun French privateer "Psyché" on the East India Station. The following year he became a post captain in command of the 44-gun frigate HMS "San Fiorenzo". As captain of "San Fiorenzo", in February 1805 he encountered the "Psyché" again, now a frigate of the French Navy. This time Lambert captured her. He then sailed "San Fiorenzo" back to Britain in June.
In 1808 Lambert took command of the frigate HMS "Iphigenia", initially based at Quebec, but later transferring back to the Indian Ocean where he had previously been successful. Attached to the squadron then besieging Île Bonaparte and Île de France under Josias Rowley, in July 1810 Lambert participated in the successful invasion of Île Bonaparte. The following month, Lambert was part of a frigate squadron led by Samuel Pym which attempted to raid the anchorage of Grand Port on Île de France. Due to poor charts of the numerous reefs within the harbour, the attack was a disaster, with two frigates destroyed and two more, including "Iphigenia" severely damaged and captured. Lambert and his crew were released from captivity following the successful invasion of Île de France and honourably acquitted in the court martial inquiring into the loss of their ship, which had also been recaptured.
In 1812, Lambert was given command of HMS "Java", originally a French frigate captured during the Mauritius campaign. On 29 December, "Java" was attacked by the larger American frigate USS "Constitution" and captured in a bitter battle, Lambert opting to engage the American ship rather than flee in the hope of inflicting such damage that "Constitution" would be forced to retire to the US for repairs. In the event, "Java" was captured and destroyed and Lambert mortally wounded by a musket ball in the chest. Despite the efforts of the American surgeon aboard "Constitution", Lambert died on 4 January 1813 in Salvador, Brazil from the effects of his wounds and was buried the following day.
Literature.
Henry Lambert is a character in the Fortune of War, which is part of Patrick O'Brian's Aubrey–Maturin series. In the book, he is mortally wounded in combat aboard HMS "Java", just as in real life.
Family.
He was the son of Captain Robert Lambert RN, younger brother of Rear Admiral Robert Lambert RN, General Sir John Lambert, Major General Samuel Lambert and older brother of Admiral Sir George Lambert RN.

</doc>
<doc id="20195452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195452" title="Oliver Momm">
Oliver Momm

Oliver Momm is an Westfalian Producer and Remixer. He has a studio in Beckum, named "Oliver Momm Productions".
Music projects.
In the early 1990s he joined techno music, got his own projects "The Creator" and "Federal Base".
He also made his name with remixes, most notable Valerie Dore's "The Night" or Kool And The Gang's "Celebration".
1998 he was part of the German dance campaign United Deejays For Central America, which collected donations with each sold release
of "Too much rain".
Oliver Momm Mixes.
Most famous and popular are his megamixes, once broadcast at the German radio station EinsLive
in their "Partyservice", moderated by DJ Piet Blank.
His monthly mixes were in 1999 that popular and got illegally pressed and sold as hardcopy.
Oliver Momm responded with a legal and official purchasable release called "Oliver Momm Gigamix", release in spring 1999.
All his monthly mixes are just for radio streaming, not released as hardcopy or download.
So his mixes are offered for download - for free or illegally for paid.
2004 the saturdaily "EinsLive Partyservice" were substituted by "EinsLive Kruising" where the Oliver Momm mixes were not broadcast or just rarely.
In 2006 EinsLive end up the work with Oliver Momm because of modifications and changings
of their broadcast program. The Partymix November 2006 were his last mix for now.
Oliver Momm Partymix.
His monthly mixes, broadcast at the month's end, always named with the month's name and their club- and dance tracks.
Total running to one hour, often parted with a break within to start a new or faster style.
These party mixes always include Techno, Trance, House and Electro tunes, least of all black music styles.
Broadcast at all months except December, where his Gigamix takes place.
Oliver Momm Digimix.
Sometimes named for some less partymixes, just like the Digimix July 2000 or Digimix June 2003.
In 2004 were Digimixes broadcast only.
The 2004 digimixes differs from the partymixes because they have no break within, are in one go.
With the exception of the Digimix April 2004 which has a break in the middle to start a Members Of Mayday Mix and has not
latest club tunes mixed as usually are. It includes some past club tracks mixed with some 2004 released tunes.
Oliver Momm Gigamix.
Often called as "Oliver Momm Jahresmix", were the year end megamixes, crossing all over the styles.
Beginning with slow R'n'B and Hip Hop tunes, ending in Techno, Trance and Progressive House tunes.
Those megamixes extents in average 70 - 80 tunes. The tunes just sounds few seconds, partially a cappella.
Oliver Momm said that these Gigamixes taking more time as a usual Partymix.
Four to five weeks are the time slope to present a brilliant year end mix.
The Gigamix 2004 were a harder work. Oliver Momm says the Gigamix 2004 would not usually exist because of the less releases in 2004.
Never ever had Germany that less released as in 2004.
Oliver Momm's special mixes.
In the meantime, Oliver Momm created some special mixes, played out of the comfort time.

</doc>
<doc id="20195462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195462" title="Serghei Covaliov">
Serghei Covaliov

Serghei Covaliov (October 14, 1944 – May 16, 2011) was a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals in the C-2 1000 m event with a gold in 1968 and a silver in 1972.
Covaliov also won five medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (C-2 1000 m: 1966, 1970, 1973), a silver (C-2 1000 m: 1971), and one bronze (C-2 10000 m: 1971).

</doc>
<doc id="20195483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195483" title="Looking for Love">
Looking for Love

Looking for Love may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20195490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195490" title="Josué Francisco Trocado">
Josué Francisco Trocado

Dr. Josué Francisco Trocado, KCSG (Póvoa de Varzim, Póvoa de Varzim, 28 June 1882 - 8 December 1962) was a Portuguese composer.
Background.
He was the son of Francisco Luís Trocado, Jr. (Póvoa de Varzim, Póvoa de Varzim, 29 April 1850 - 24 June 1904) and wife Maria Emília da Cruz Campos (Póvoa de Varzim, Póvoa de Varzim, 1851 - 26 August 1882), paternal grandson of Francisco Luís Trocado and wife Florbela Rosa and maternal grandson of Manuel Ferreira Campos and wife Ana Emília da Cruz.
Career.
He was a Dr., a Professor and a Music Composer, etc.
Marriage and issue.
He married in Póvoa de Varzim, Póvoa de Varzim, on 20 July 1907 Maria Alves de Campos (Póvoa de Varzim, Póvoa de Varzim, 19 July 1886 - 2 January 1953), who married secondly José Gomes Loureiro, without issue, only sister of Virgínia Alves de Campos (Póvoa de Varzim, Póvoa de Varzim, 10 February 1889 - Póvoa de Varzim, Póvoa de Varzim, 15 June 1979), unmarried and without issue, and daughter of José Fernandes da Silva Campos (Póvoa de Varzim, Póvoa de Varzim, 12 March 1854 - 1892), a maternal nephew of the 1st Baron of a Póvoa de Varzim, and wife (m. Braga, São Vítor) Carolina Alves Campos (Póvoa de Varzim, Póvoa de Varzim, 18 August 1861 - 3 February 1922), and had seven children: 

</doc>
<doc id="20195492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195492" title="Gyula Petrikovics">
Gyula Petrikovics

Gyula Petrikovics (January 12, 1943 – June 28, 2005) was a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1960s to the early 1970s. At the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, he won a silver medal in the C-2 1000 m event.
Petrikovics also won a complete set of medals in the C-2 1000 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships (gold: 1971, silver: 1970, bronze: 1973).

</doc>
<doc id="20195495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195495" title="Eber Brock Ward">
Eber Brock Ward

Eber Brock Ward (December 25, 1811 – January 2, 1875) was an American iron and steel manufacturer and shipbuilder. He was known as the "steamship king of the Great Lakes" and as the "first of the iron kings." Ward became Detroit's first millionaire. He was the wealthiest man in the Midwest, in his time, due his steel factories.
Ward was into several industries in Michigan and the Midwest. He accumulated timberlands and lands that contained iron ore, copper and silver. He branched into several industries including newspapers, railroads, glass manufacturing, banking, steamships, and insurance companies. He even was one of the promoters of the Soo Locks of which he was one of the first to use, as at first he hauled schooners overland around the Soo Rapids to sail Lake Superior.
Biography.
Early life.
Ward was born in Applegaths Mills, Waterloo County, in the Canadian province of Ontario, on December 25, 1811. He was one of four children. The eldest was Emily, who remained a spinster until her death, Sallie the second, Eber Brock the third, and Abbie the forth. Ward was an American citizen. His parents had grown up in Vermont and soon after they were married they moved to Onondaga County, New York shortly before Ward's birth. Shortly thereafter they moved to Waterloo County, Ontario, not far from York (modern Toronto), unsuccessfully trying to avoid the pending War of 1812 in the United States.
Ward's parents moved back to Vermont and their old homestead and stayed there for the next five years until he was about six years old. The town they lived in was Wells, Vermont, near the city of Rutland. In 1817 his parents started a move to Kentucky with the family. While they were in Waterford, Pennsylvania his mother fell ill and died. His father with the family then changed his plans of moving to Kentucky and went to Ohio instead. Once in Ohio for only a short time his father decided to move to Detroit, which they reached by 1821 when Ward was nine to ten years old. Detroit had been destroyed some sixteen years earlier and what Ward saw was a small town of 1,400 but the capital of the Michigan territory.
Shipping.
Ward obtained a job as a cabin boy and deck hand on the Great Lakes when he was twelve or thirteen years old at Marine City, Michigan. This was on vessels that traveled to Mackinaw City and back. There were no vessels owned by any shippers in Detroit in the early 1820s. Samuel Ward, his uncle, was the leading shipbuilder of Marine City at the time. He noticed young Ward's high energy and enthusiasm for life and gave him a job in 1830 as a clerk in one of the warehouses of his shipbuilding firm. Ward came in contact with marine transactions this way and learned the industry.
Ward worked hard and saved every amount of money he could. Eventually he invested in a vessel called the "General Harrison" as a twenty-five percent owner. He became the Master of this vessel in 1835. He was successful as its operator but eventually became a partner with his uncle at Marine City. He was successful at this interprise and continued this until 1850 when he moved to Detroit. There he was involved in the ship building business and among the many steamers and sailing ships he built were the "Artic, Atlantic, B. F. Wade, Detroit, General Harrison, Huron, Montgomery, Ocean, Pacific, Planet, Samuel Ward, The Caspian, The Champion," and "The Pearl." With his uncle he built a fleet of thirty steamships that transported supplies to various towns and cities around the Great Lakes. In the mid-nineteenth century they were the largest shipowners on the Great Lakes.
Railroading.
Starting around 1852 Ward acquired timber lands along the Pere Marquette River in Lake County, Michigan near the Ludington area. He held onto these lands until the timber had matured more. Ward was elected president of the Flint and Pere Marquette Railroad Company in 1860. Ward was the first to build rail tracks made out of Bessemer steel.
Mining.
Ward’s last venture was silver mining. He bought into a fourteen acre island with other investors off the north shore of Lake Superior at Thunder Bay in 1870 containing the Silver Islet Mining Company. It turned out to contain a seventy foot vein of high quality silver. The silver was so rich that in the first three weeks of mining Ward's mine extracted $100,000 worth of silver - which was more money than the Nevada Comstock Lode mine made per day.
Logging.
Ward carried on logging operations in Lake County through his agents and in the 1869 purchased a tract of land which consisting of 70,000 acres in the Fourth Ward of Ludington on Lake Pere Marquette which was accessible by the Pere Marquette River. He then made plans to extend his railroad to Ludington to operate mills there, however James Ludington stalled the negotiatons to purchase mills in the Ludington area because he feared Ward would become too big and dominate the lumber industry in the area. Mr. Ludington favored the extending of the rail line to Ludington, however since he owned most of the sawmills in the area, he refused to sell any of them to Ward for any price. He was hoping then that since Ward would not have a sawmill in the area that he would be forced to sell some of his timer lands at a very economical depressed price. Ward never did sell off any of his timber lands of the area due to Mr. Ludington's actions.
Ward had heard in Detroit, where his businesses were, that Mr. Ludington had cut down timber in his 70,000 acres he owned in Northern Michigan near the town of Ludington. He did nothing about it at the time. Eventually Mr. Ludington came to Detroit to do business. Ward had Mr. Ludington arrested for stealing his valuable timber. Mr. Ludington was thrown into the Wayne County jail. Ward then got a judgement against him for $650,000 for the theft and trespassing. Mr. Ludington then suffered a stroke. Eventually the company once owned by Mr. Ludington, the Pere Marquette Lumber Company, settled it with Ward in August 1869 with an amicable agreement.
Ward built a sawmill out on Lake Pere Marquette in 1870 known as the "North" mill. It was built on fifty-five stone piers and was 50 feet by 130 feet in size. It was equipped with two circular mills and cutting edge technology. The cost of the mill was $60,000 and it had the capacity of 100,000 board feet per day. Ward purchased all the land between his mill and that of Messrs. Danaher and Melendy, which bordered on the Lake in the spring of 1871. During the summer months he built a warehouse that was 50 feet by 120 feet near his original mill. This was used for storing supplies and selling supplies to his employees. The next year Ward built another mill nearby which was called the "South" mill. This mill was considered the best sawmill in the United States.
Steel Manufacturing.
Ward organized Eureka Iron and Steel Works in 1853 with a group of investors and they purchased "The Wyandotte" farm from John Biddle for $44,000 and built an iron and steel manufacturing factory. The site of this company located in Wyandotte, Michigan, was . The factory was at an ideal location for the steel industry as iron ore from the Upper Peninsula and limestone from other parts of Michigan could easily be brought in economically through the Great Lakes down to Wyandotte through Lake Huron and up the Detroit River. Extensive beech forests were nearby to supply the charcoal needed to make steel. The Eureka furnace in 1864, with its huge steel making smelting apparatus, made the first commercial steel produced in the United States by the Bessemer process. The first successful American experiments of making steel using the Bessemer conversion process in a furnace was through the Eureka Works company that Ward owned.
Ward took great interest in the first experiments of the apparatus for the Bessemer process of making steel. The patent to the Bessemer process was granted in England in 1856 and in the United States in 1857 to William Kelly. In 1861 Ward and Zoheth S. Durfee of New Bedford, Massachusetts, obtained control of the patents of William Kelly, credited in Europe to Henry Bessemer. Kelly had previously successfully experimented with the pneumatic process at Eddyville, Kentucky, where he owned the Eddyville Iron Works, however went into bankruptcy caused by the panic of 1857. To pay off his debts he sold his rights to Ward and his investors.
In 1861 Zoheth S. Durfee went to Europe to study the Bessemer process and to obtain the Bessemer patent rights. During his absence Ward invited William F. Durfee, a cousin of Z. S. Durfee and also of New Bedford, to erect an experimental blast furnace apparatus at Wyandotte, Michigan, for the manufacture of pneumatic steel using the Bessemer process. This experimenting took place in the latter half of 1862. In May 1863 the Kelly Pneumatic Process Company was organized by Ward with other investors with Kelly being one of the beneficiaries of profits made using the Bessemer process of making steel since he was the original patent holder. Kelly received thirty percent of the stock of the Kelly Pneumatic Process Company and Ward with his investors received the remainder seventy percent.
To make the steel legally it was decided to acquire the Bessemer patent rights. Zoheth S. Durfee went to England to acquire the patent rights to the Bessemer process. He was unsuccessful at this but did observe several European steelmakers and managed to get the rights to Englishman Robert Mushet's patent use of spiegeleisen (manganese-rich pig iron) for better overall quality of steel produced this way. Meanwhile William F. Durfee (engineer and architect), Robert Mushet, Thomas Clare and John Brown were brought in by Ward to make the procedure necessary to produce Bessemer steel, especially using spiegeleisen. He succeeded in making Bessemer steel at the experimental works of the Kelly Pneumatic Process Company owned by Ward and his investors. The first Bessemer steel made in the United States was at this factory in 1865. In Henry Bessemer's autobiography he writes that the Bessemer process was first experimentally practised in the United States with a 3-ton converter, at the ironworks of Mr. E. B. Ward, at Wyandotte, near Detroit.
Ward's Kelly Pneumatic Process Company merged with interests of a Bessemer factory of Troy, New York since an engineer there had acquired initially the Bessemer process rights for the United States. In 1866 the new formed company was called the Pneumatic Steel Association. The new formed company then licensed franchises to prospective Bessemer steelmakers who paid royalties to use the patented process for every ton of steel they made. Ward created steel rails beginning in 1865 for his railroads using the Bessemer process. Detroit soon became a major center of steel production, especially for use in home heating stoves. Henry Ford of nearby Dearborn took advantage of this technology. With its capabilities to create large amounts of steel for his automobile assembly lines Ford produced his cars. Eureka Iron Works prospered through the late 19th century, but suffered a shortage of raw materials. It closed in 1892. Ward meanwhile had built another steelmill in Chicago called the Illinois Steel Company. From this steelmill in 1865 Ward made the first Bessemer steel rails produced in the United States.
Family.
Ward married twice. His first wife was Maryell and his second wife was Catherine. He married Mary Margaret McQueen on July 24, 1837. She is of Scottish descent and there is a lengthy McQueen genealogy at Rootsweb of her family history. United States Federal Census 1850 shows his marriage to Mary (age 34) as having two children, Elizabeth (age 4) and Milton (age 2). There was also a son Henry (age 8), location then unknown. The Wards lived at 807 Fort Street in Detroit.
United States Census 1860 shows his children then to be Henry (age 18), Elizabeth (age 13), Milton(age 12), Charles (age 10), Frederick (age 8), Mary (age 5). Ward's wife (Maryell) divorced him in 1869 after six children on grounds of adultery. Two months later he married Catherine Lyon, Ohio Senator Benjamin Wade's niece. They had two children, Eber Jr. (b. 1870) and Clara (b. 1873) - a.k.a. Princesse de Caraman-Chimay.
Ward’s children by both of his wives had many personal problems. Charles, Ward's fourth child and third son by his first wife Mary, was considered "deranged and eccentric" and went bankrupt. Ward's first-born child by his first wife was his son Henry, insane from 15, was committed to the Michigan State Hospital and wasn't recorded in the 1850 census where the Wards was living, even though he was their first child. Frederick, Ward's fourth son, committed suicide. Elizabeth was considered as mentally incompetent. His youngest child by his first wife, Mary E. Ward, was considered "eccentric."
Ward's two children by his second wife also had problems. Clara married Marie Joseph Anatole Pierre Alphonse de Riquet, Prince de Caraman-Chimay in 1890 and became Princesse de Caraman-Chimay, officially a genuine European princess. She, however, later run off with a Hungarian gypsy and left her husband causing quite a scandal. Eber Jr.’s wife, Victorine, divorced him in 1900. She said he was too much captivated with his stepdaughter, her daughter from a previous marriage, Blanche Herault.
Death.
Ward died January 2, 1875. At the time of his death he was a multi-millionaire. He owned about two million dollars' worth of real estate and about $500,000 in a shipping fleet. Additionally he owned about a million dollars worth' of stock in the Chicago Rolling Mill company and about half a million dollars' worth of stock of the Milwaukee Rolling Mill company which contributed much to his wealth. He also had about a half a million in the Wyandotte Rolling Mill. At the time of his death it was uncertain what he was worth.
Ward's immense wealth and business interests were so large at the time of his death that it is said that hardly any town of any importance in the Midwest was not affected by his death. His capital was so large and vast that it took several different accountings to figure it out. His businesses extended through several States reaching from Michigan to the Gulf of Mexico. His businesses were chiefly invested in iron, silver and copper mines, pine lands, sawmills, in rolling mills, silver smelting works, railroads, farming lands, and glass works. Ward was nominally the wealthiest man in the whole Midwest at the time of his death. His capital was estimated anywhere from about $7,000,000 to about $22,000.000. Realistically about $10,000,000 was all that was obtained from his estate when it was ultimately cashed out. It was not enough to cover all the liabilities Ward entailed.
At the time of his death he left five adult children by his first wife and two children (a boy, 5 years old, and a girl, 2 years old) by his second wife. He wrote up a last will and testament six months prior to his death. He last lived at West Fort Street and 19th Ave in Detroit. Ward is buried in Elmwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20195503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195503" title="Olševek">
Olševek

Olševek (; in older sources also "Viševek", ) is a village in the Municipality of Šenčur in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Michael.

</doc>
<doc id="20195511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195511" title="Pride in What I Am">
Pride in What I Am

Pride in What I Am is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard, released in 1969.
Track listing.
All songs by Merle Haggard unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20195513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195513" title="Russia–Thailand relations">
Russia–Thailand relations

Russia–Thailand relations () is the bilateral relationship between Russia and Thailand. Soviet Union and Thailand established diplomatic relations with Thailand on March 12, 1941; Thailand recognized Russian Federation as the successor to Soviet Union on December 28, 1991. Russia has an embassy in Bangkok and two honorary consulates in Phuket and Pattaya. Thailand has an embassy in Moscow and two honorary consulates (in Saint Petersburg and Vladivostok). Both countries are full members of APEC and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (Russia is a participating state and Thailand is a partner).
Economic ties.
Bilateral trade.
Official figures of trade volume published by two countries contradict each other.
As recently as in 2002, Russia had a significant trade deficit and imported significant (up to half a million metric tons p.a.) amounts of Thai rice. In 2005 Russia imposed prohibitive protectionist tariffs on rice, then an embargo on Thai rice and a full ban on imports of Thai rice in 2007, citing pest infection.
In 2004 Thailand approached Russian authorities about the prospects of buying 12 Su-30 jet fighters. Thai chicken industry, weakened by avian influenza crisis, enthusiastically backed the deal, betting on reciprocal easing of Russian food import regime, but the deal never materialized. In October 2008 Thai Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat agreed to purchase Russian Mi-17 military helicopters, breaking with dependence on American weapons, however his government was ousted two months later.
Tourism.
Thailand is one of major tropical destination points for tourists from Russia, however, numbers provided by regional Thai authorities are contested by Russians as artificially inflated, and Thai authorities contest Russian numbers as too small:

</doc>
<doc id="20195519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195519" title="Manipur Institute of Technology">
Manipur Institute of Technology

Manipur Institute of Technology (MIT) formerly known as Government College of Technology, Imphal is a Constituent College and is being maintained by the Manipur University out of the funds made available to it by the UGC.
It came into existence on 28 August 1998 with 3 (three) engineering disciplines viz.Computer Science & Engineering, Electronics & Communication Engineering and Civil Engineering for the promotion of higher technical education in the state. Classes of the 1st batch were started from 16 December 1998. The initial approved intake capacity as per AICTE is 150 (one hundred and fifty) students per year; however, the present approved by the State Govt. is 90 seats per year.
The campus is located at Takyelpat at a distance of 4 km from the heart of Imphal, the capital city of Manipur in a comfortable surrounding with the NH-53 running south of it. At present it shares a common campus with Government Polytechnic,Imphal. ITI Imphal and Oriental College is just beside it. The campus is around 8 km. from the Imphal Airport.The nearest railway station is Dimapur in Nagaland(250 km. from Imphal).
Departments.
Computer Science & Engineering.
The department offers BE degree in Computer Science and Engineering. The course is of 4 years duration organized in 8 semesters. The current intake strength is 30 students.
Laboratory Facilities:
Electronics Lab
Civil Engineering.
It offers 4 years BE degree course in Civil Engineering. The current intake strength is 30 students.
Laboratory Facilities:
Library.
The Library provides invaluable information needs of the institute faculty, staff and students. There are around 20 thousands volumes covering all disciplines of science, engineering & technology, humanities & social sciences. In addition to the books, few collection of audio/video cassettes and CDROM discs also available in the Library. The library currently subscribes to around 15 national and international journals in sciences, engineering and humanities. The library remains open from 9:00 AM to 5:00 pm on all working days.
Student life.
The Institute has a Hostel Block which can accommodate around 200 students. Each room in the hostel is provided with a cot, a table, a chair, a bookshelf, and of course with 24 hrs water supply. There is Separate blocks for vegetarian and non-vegetarian mess with no profit no loss system. In addition to this, there is also a dispensary with all time medical facilities for any kind of emergency.
Internet connectivity is provided to all the students through VSAT (512 kbit/s). Final year students can avail the Net facilities free of charge but others have to pay a minimal charge which is decided from time to time. To ensure all round development of the students, the institute provides the required facilities for games and sports. There is a large football field, a basket ball court and a cricket pitch(under construction ). The establishment of various clubs like Debating club,Music Club, Photography club, Hiking Club and Hobby club etc. is on the way.
Training and Placement.
The Training and Placement Cell of the college looks after the placement of the students. It arranges training of students so that they come up with suitable jobs in the industry and various private and public sector organizations. The Training and Placement cell have started inviting senior executives of major industries and organizations to provide pre-placement courses to the students prior to formal campus interviews.

</doc>
<doc id="20195522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195522" title="Faisal Islam">
Faisal Islam

Faisal Islam (; born 1978) is an award-winning English journalist and the economics editor for Channel 4 News.
Education.
Islam was educated at Manchester Grammar School, a boys’ independent school in Manchester, followed by Trinity College, Cambridge. In 2000, he graduated from City University in London, with a Post Graduate Diploma in Newspaper Journalism.
Career.
Islam was the economics correspondent for "The Observer" newspaper. He is now the economics correspondent for "Channel 4 News", after being business correspondent since May 2004. He reports on the ups and downs of the corporate world from government-subsidised arms dealers and failing PFI contracts to how bankers are trading weather.
Awards.
In 2000, Islam was awarded the Wincott Award for Young Financial Journalist of the Year, and shortlisted for Young Journalist of the Year at the British Press Awards for 2001.
In February 2006, he was named Young Journalist of the Year at the Royal Society of Television awards.
In January 2007, he was the winner of the year’s Broadcast News Journalism Award at the Workworld Media Awards.
In May 2009, Islam received the Wincott Foundation’s award for Best Television Coverage of a Topical Issue, won particularly for his work on the growing financial problems of the Icelandic Banks. The judges said of the report "...here was something really new, completely convincing, with a stellar interview and free of many of the visual clichés which characterised too many financial programmes." In 2009, he was awarded the Business Journalist of the Year, as well as the BJOYA award for "Best Broadcast Story" - again for his report on the Icelandic Banks.
In January 2010, he was named "Broadcast News Reporter of the Year" by the WorkWorld Foundation for 2009 - with the judges saying; "his excellent writing converts abstract economics to something accessible to all, informing viewers in a compelling and original way."

</doc>
<doc id="20195524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195524" title="Naum Prokupets">
Naum Prokupets

Naum Leybovich Prokupets (born March 20, 1948) is a Moldovan-born Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the late 1960s. He is Jewish.
Biography.
Naum Prokupets was born in Basarabeasca, a small town in Moldova. At the age of 17, he was spotted by a canoeing trainer who encouraged him to move to Moscow to train with the national USSR canoeing team. In 1991, after working in senior positions in the sports administration for several years, he immigrated to Israel. Initially he worked as a security guard and a pool lifeguard. Now he is a production worker at the Flextronics electronics plant in Migdal HaEmek and lives with his family in Nazareth Illit. 
Canoeing career.
At the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, he won a bronze medal in the C-2 1000 m event.
Prokupets also won a gold medal in the C-2 10000 m event at the 1971 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="20195535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195535" title="Khogyani (Pashtun tribe)">
Khogyani (Pashtun tribe)

The Khogyani (Khugyani, Khogiani,Khugiani,Khakwani) (, ) tribe is a Pashtun tribe of the Karlani or "Hill Tribes" branch. The Khogyani Tribe originated in the Khogyani District of Nangarhar Province and later in Ghazni Province of Afghanistan. Some of their clans are also settled in Khyber Pukhtunkhwa, Balochistan and Punjab provinces of Pakistan. 
Dynamics.
The tribe is divided into three sub-tribes: the Kherbon, the Wazir, and the Shirzad tribe. The Khogianis have a long history of conflict with the neighboring Shinwari and Ghilzai tribes.
The Khogyanis tended to support the Younis Khalis, Whereas the Shinwari tribe tended to support Hizb-i Islami Gulbuddin, headed by Hekmatyar Gulbuddin.
Khogyanis in Pakistan.
The present family of Multan are the descendant of Hazrat Chopan Khan Khogyani, who was a Sufi Saint and his shrine is located in Ghazni . Most of Khogyani (Khakwani) settled near the area of Multan in central Pakistan. His descendants influenced the region with the help of various Noble Pakhtun Tribes. Nawab Ali Mohammad Khan was the ruler of Multan and was crucial to the increased influence of Multan in the region. He was also responsible for the economic uplift of the state. He also built the famous Mosque Ali Mohammad Khan and constructed the Wali Muhammad Canal . Later Khogyanis, continued to live with substantial holdings of agricultural land, in the Punjab and Khyber Pukhtunkhwa. They played a pivotal role by developing most of the canals in Multan State.

</doc>
<doc id="20195539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195539" title="Beijing Institute of Education">
Beijing Institute of Education

Beijing Institute of Education (北京教育学院), founded in 1953 is a university institution specialized in adult education in Xicheng District, Beijing, China under the provincial government. [http://www.chinatefl.com/beijing/study/bjie.html
External links.
Beiyan Institute & Beijing Institute of Education programs : http://www.sinolingua.org/ *Official website

</doc>
<doc id="20195556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195556" title="Mikhail Zamotin">
Mikhail Zamotin

Mikhail Zamotin (alternate listings: Mikhail Samotin, Mikhail Zamothin, born November 14, 1937) is a Soviet-born, Russian sprint canoer who competed in the 1960s. At the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, he won a bronze medal in the C-2 1000 m event.
Zamotin also won a complete set of medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (C-1 10000 m: 1963), a silver (C-2 1000 m: 1963), and a bronze (C-1 10000 m: 1966).

</doc>
<doc id="20195566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195566" title="The Centre of New Enlightenment">
The Centre of New Enlightenment

The Centre of New Enlightenment (TCoNE) is a permanent programme that begins with a cinematic and hand-held-computer tour, for young people at the Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum, Glasgow. The aim is to help young people develop life skills (positive psychology) and to apply them in different circumstances, using the museum environment as a tool.
In the year 2000, a World Health Organisation (WHO) study indicated that levels of personal self-confidence amongst children of school age were low across Europe, particularly in Scotland. The objective of The Centre of New Enlightenment is to improve the young visitors' confidence.
In April 2009 the Centre of New Enlightenment was shortlisted for the Art Fund Prize. The other three shortlisted projects were Orleans House Gallery, Ruthin Craft Centre and Wedgewood Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20195585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195585" title="National Rally for Democracy">
National Rally for Democracy

National Rally for Democracy can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20195595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195595" title="Toyota-Otis Sparks">
Toyota-Otis Sparks

The Toyota-Otis Sparks is a basketball team currently playing in the Philippine Basketball League and is owned by Toyota Motors Philippines, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="20195598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195598" title="Now (MYMP album)">
Now (MYMP album)

Now is the fifth studio album of covers by Philippine acoustic band MYMP, and the last album with Juris Fernandez before she embarked on her solo career.

</doc>
<doc id="20195606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195606" title="Prebačevo">
Prebačevo

Prebačevo () is a village in the Municipality of Šenčur in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Prebačevo was attested in written sources in 1343 as "Pribêtsh" (and as "Prewacz" in 1381, "Ober Pribbetsch" and "Priwetsch" in 1436, and "Prewatsch" in 1458). In the local dialect, the village is known as "Pərbačo". The medieval transcriptions and the local pronunciation indicate that the name may be derived from "*Pribačevo (selo)" 'Pribač's (village)', with the personal name "*Pribač" derived from Slavic "*Pribyslavъ".
Church.
The local church is dedicated to the Holy Cross. The current building dates to 1855, but was built on the site of an earlier church.

</doc>
<doc id="20195612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195612" title="Malaysia Federal Route 141">
Malaysia Federal Route 141

Federal Route 141 (Formerly Melaka state route ) is a federal road in Melaka, Malaysia.
Route background.
The Kilometre Zero of the Federal Route 141 starts at Pantai Dusun.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 141 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20195621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195621" title="Sébastien Bigot de Morogues">
Sébastien Bigot de Morogues

Sébastien-François Bigot, vicomte de Morogues, (1 March 1706, Brest, France – 26 August 1781, Villefallier, near Orléans, Loiret), was a French soldier and sailor and military naval tactician.
Life.
An artillery specialist, he served in the Royal-Artillerie then the French Navy. In 1759, he commanded the 70 gun "Le Magnifique", including at the Battle of Quiberon Bay. He was the first director of the Académie de Marine. In 1763, he published "Tactique navale", which was of such quality that it quickly became known in English and Dutch translations. He was made a lieutenant-general in the Navy in 1771.
Works.
"Granted a vast curiosity, he was the author of several scientific mémoires on naval construction, crews' health, manoeuvres and artillery presented to the Académie de marine or the Académie des sciences. With Duhamel du Monceau he also conceived of a project for an encyclopaedia of maritime knowledge"
Honours.
At least three roads in Brittany bear his name, according to the 1997 book "Les Noms qui ont fait l'histoire de Bretagne".

</doc>
<doc id="20195629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195629" title="Rugby union at the 1998 Asian Games">
Rugby union at the 1998 Asian Games

Rugby (Sevens and Union) was one of the many sports which was held at the 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok, Thailand from December 7 to December 18, 1998.
Results.
Men's sevens.
Round robin.
Group A.
December 7
Group B.
December 7
Classification round.
December 8 - 5th place match
Men's union.
Round robin.
Group A.
December 10
December 12
December 14
Group B.
December 10
December 12
December 14

</doc>
<doc id="20195633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195633" title="Nong Mamong, Nong Mamong">
Nong Mamong, Nong Mamong

Nong Mamong, Nong Mamong () is a sub-District (tambon) of Nong Mamong District (amphoe) in Chainat Province central Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="20195643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195643" title="Tom Sorley">
Tom Sorley

Tom K. Sorley of Big Spring, Texas is a former University of Nebraska Cornhusker quarterback. An All-State quarterback at Big Spring High School, Sorley quarterbacked the Huskers to a 27-9-1 record and wins in two bowl games.
College career.
Sorley began is college career in 1974 at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln during the tenure of head coach Tom Osborne. As quarterback Sorley was team captain and completed 57.2 percent of his passes (148-256) from 1976–1978, which is ninth on the Nebraska's all-time completion percentage list. Sorley holds seventh for Nebraska single-season passing yards (1,571) in 1978, and is thirteenth for NU career passing yards (2,230) during 1976-78. He quarterbacked the Huskers to a 27-9-1 record and wins in two bowl games. He graduated from the University of Nebraska with a degree in Business in 1979.
1978 statistics.
Passing: 174 attempts, 102 completions, 7 interceptions (.584) for 1,571 yards, 7 TDs.
NU Top NCAA Pass Rating (min. 15 att.):
9. Rating: 212.0, Tom Sorley, QB, vs. Kansas St., Oct. 14, 1978 (16-11-1/218/2)
Bowl games.
Sorley led Nebraska to a 17-14 upset of the #1 ranked Oklahoma Sooners during the 1978 regular season. Following a shocking loss to Missouri the following week, the Cornhuskers were paired in a rare season rematch in the January 1, 1979 Orange Bowl game. Nebraska jumped out to a 7-0 lead on 21-yard pass from Sorley to split end Tim Smith, but lost 31-24.
Sorley played in the 21-10 Nebraska victory over North Carolina in the 1977 Liberty Bowl and the 1979 Olympia Challenge Bowl in Seattle, Washington which paired a group of Big 8 all-stars against their Pac-10 counterparts.
Honors.
Sorley is a 1977 Academic All-American, an 1978 Academic All Big 8 First Team, a 1987 Academic All-Big 8 Conference selection and 1977 and 1978 AP All Big 8 quarterback Honorable Mention, and 1987 Cornhusker team captain. He was named ABC-TV Player of the game and Nebraska Player of the Week against 1977 Oklahoma State and against 1978 Hawaii.
Post-football career and life.
Sorley is currently President/CEO of Rosendin Electric, Inc., located in San Jose, CA, the fifth largest electrical contractor in the U.S. Active in industry affairs, Sorley serves on several joint IBEW/NECA committees and serves on the Board for the SF Bay Area Boy Scouts of America, National Board for the Design Build Institute of America, and the National Board for Building Futures Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20195649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195649" title="Yuri Lobanov">
Yuri Lobanov

Yuri Lobanov (sometimes listed as Yuriy Lobanov, born September 29, 1952) is a Soviet-born Tajik sprint canoer who competed from the early 1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals in the C-2 1000 m events with a gold in 1972 and a bronze in 1980.
Lobanov also won 14 medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with ten gold (C-2 500 m: 1974, 1975; C-2 1000 m: 1974, 1977, 1979; C-2 10000 m: 1973, 1974, 1975, 1977, 1979), two silvers (C-2 500 m: 1971, C-2 1000 m: 1973), and two bronzes (C-2 500 m: 1977, C-2 1000 m: 1978).

</doc>
<doc id="20195658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195658" title="Jevon Atkinson">
Jevon Atkinson

Jevon Atkinson is a Jamaican swimmer and Olympian. 
He competed at the 2008 Olympics, finishing 45th in the Men's 50 free.
As of October 2008, he holds the Jamaican Record in the 50 free.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20195665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195665" title="Kommos">
Kommos

Kommos may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20195667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195667" title="João de Freitas do Amaral">
João de Freitas do Amaral

João Pinto de Freitas do Amaral (Lisbon, São Sebastião da Pedreira, 30 May 1948 - Lisbon, São Domingos de Benfica, 21 March 1995) was a Portuguese politician and journalist.
Background.
He was the fourth but second surviving son of Duarte de Freitas do Amaral and wife Maria Filomena de Campos Trocado and the younger brother of Diogo de Freitas do Amaral.
Career.
He was an Assistant to the Secretary of State of Sports and a Journalist, etc.
Marriages and issue.
He married firstly in Porto, Nevogilde, on 2 January 1971 and divorced Maria Inês Fernandes Marinho, born in Porto, Nevogilde, 5 April 1946, daughter of Henrique Pascoal Marinho and wife Maria do Céu Pereira Fernandes, and had two children: 
He married secondly in Sesimbra on 9 September 1980 and divorced Isabel Maria Braz de Oliveira, born in Lisbon on 16 March 1955, daughter of Roque Braz de Oliveira and wife Maria Carlota Pinto Nogueira, and paternal granddaughter of Cassiano Maria de Oliveira (b. Fundão, Alcongosta) and wife Júlia Preto Chagas Braz (b. Sesimbra, and had a daughter: 

</doc>
<doc id="20195728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195728" title="Aymar Joseph de Roquefeuil et du Bousquet">
Aymar Joseph de Roquefeuil et du Bousquet

Aymar-Joseph de Roquefeuil et du Bousquet (19 March 1714, Brest, France – 1782, Bourbonne-les-Bains), comte de Roquefeuil, was a French officer in the French Navy during the reigns of Louis XV and Louis XVI.
Life.
The eldest son of the naval lieutenant general Jacques Aymar de Roquefeuil et du Bousquet and his wife Jeanne-Louise du Main, Aymar Joseph de Roquefeuil was a descendant of the House of Roquefeuil-Blanquefort, one of the most illustrious Languedoc families. He became a garde-marine at Brest aged 13 in 1727. Rising to ensign (1731), he navigated the Baltic Sea to Saint Domingue and was made lieutenant de vaisseau in 1741 then Capitaine de Vaisseau and knight of the ordre de Saint Louis on 1 January 1746, at only 32 years old, for noteworthy service over the last 19 years. He commanded the "Aquilon" for 15 months in the Antilles in 1750 and 1751. Having the frigate of Duchaffault under his orders and accompanied by a British frigate, he skilfully fulfilled a delicate mission for which he was praised many times by the Rouillé ministry. This allowed him to actively collaborate with vicomte Sébastien-François Bigot de Morogues, commander of Brest, in the foundation of Brest's académie de Marine in 1752, of which he and his younger brother were two of the first members, but which was decimated by the town's losses between 1756 and 1763.
Between 1754 and 1758, Roquefeuil acted as second in command of a squadron in the Antilles, under La Galissonnière, Périer then Bompart. Promoted to chef d'escadre des Armées navales on 1 January 1761, at only 47 years old, and received the command of the ships and port at Brest, to which the king added command of Brest's town and castle and the Isle of Ushant on 25 March 1762 (three positions his father had already held). In a brief presentation the navy minister wrote to the king about Roquefeuil, who approved in his own hand "He has served for nearly 40 years in the Navy, on 16 campaigns, has held 4 commands at sea and has for 5 years commanded the Port of Brest to the satisfaction of His Majesty". Aged 52, he was on 3 August 1766 made lieutenant general, retaining his Brest commands, where he and the minister Duc de Praslin were allowed to promote the new "Académie royale de marine", under royal patronage, in April 1769 – Roquefeuil became its first director. He was promoted to vice-amiral on 6 April 1781 as well as Grand Croix of the Ordre royal et militaire de Saint-Louis.
Assessment.
He was a stubborn moderniser, a peerless organizer and a highly experimented sailor who left a deep imprint on the navy, the Brest fleet and the port and town of Brest during his 20 years in command of them (1761–81) then the two years he served as vice-amiral from 1781 until his death. Under his command, budgets were obtained from the king and his ministers and several powerful well-equipped ships were planned, launched and fitted out. These made up the remarkable "Fleet of Louis XVI", probably the most coherent one France had ever possessed. Little known by the public, he is considered by naval historians as one of the main men behind the organization and realization of Louis XV and Louis XVI's naval policy which allowed French and American allies to beat Great Britain in the American Revolutionary War.

</doc>
<doc id="20195729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195729" title="Vasily Yurchenko">
Vasily Yurchenko

Vasily Yurchenko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20195730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195730" title="Epirranthis diversata">
Epirranthis diversata

Epirranthis diversata is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found from Central and Western Siberia and Northern and Central Russia to Western Europe and from Scandinavia down to the Alps.
The wingspan is 31–45 mm. The moths flies from April to June depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Populus tremula".

</doc>
<doc id="20195738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195738" title="Tacklebox">
Tacklebox

'Tacklebox' is a collection of multi-track demos recorded by King's X guitarist / vocalist Ty Tabor. It is a two disc set that contains three previously unreleased songs. There is also an audio commentary track by Tabor himself.

</doc>
<doc id="20195746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195746" title="Alia Atkinson">
Alia Atkinson

Alia Shanee Atkinson (born December 11, 1988) is a Jamaican swimmer and Olympian.
She competed at the 2004 Olympics, and four years later in the 2008 Olympics she finished 25th in the Women's 200 breaststroke.
She carried the flag for her native country at the opening ceremony of the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, where she set the Jamaican Record in the 100 fly; and the 2006 Commonwealth Games. She also competed in the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
She placed first in the 200 Breaststroke at the 2010 NCAA Championships, swimming for Texas A&M.
She also qualified for the 2012 Olympics 100m women's breast stroke finals after defeating Canadian rival Tera van Beilen in a head to head race for the final position. She subsequently placed 4th in the finals of the 2012 Olympics 100m women's breast stroke finishing with a time of 1:06.93.
Alia is coached by Chris Anderson since 2001. Alia mostly trains in SOFLO swim team (Broward county, Florida) which is managed by her coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20195753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195753" title="Stage 72">
Stage 72

Stage 72, formerly known as Palsson's Supper Club, Steve McGraw's, and the Triad Theatre, is an Off-Broadway theatre located on West 72nd Street on New York's Upper West Side. The theatre has been the original home to some of the longest running Off-Broadway shows including "Forever Plaid", "Forbidden Broadway", "Boobs! The Musical" and "Secrets Every Smart Traveler Should Know"
Productions.
Productions at Stage 72 have included:
The Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS Cabaret Series also got its start Triad.

</doc>
<doc id="20195759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195759" title="Joyce Farrell">
Joyce Farrell

Joyce Farrell was formerly a Professor of Computer Information Systems at Harper College in Palatine, Illinois. Prior to joining Harper College, Farrell taught Computer Information Systems at the University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point and McHenry County College in Crystal Lake, Illinois. She is now the author of many Programming books for Course Technology, a part of Cengage Learning. Her books are widely used as textbooks in higher education institutions.
Partial bibliography.
1517.

</doc>
<doc id="20195768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195768" title="Chimney Peak Wilderness">
Chimney Peak Wilderness

The Chimney Peak Wilderness is a wilderness area located northwest of Ridgecrest, in southeastern Tulare County, California. The 1994 California Desert Protection Act (Public Law 103-433) created the wilderness and it is managed by the Bureau of Land Management (BLM), Department of the Interior.
The Chimney Peak Wilderness is a rugged and mountainous desert environment on the eastern side of the southern Sierra Nevada Range. The wilderness is named for Chimney Peak, elevation , located in the northeast corner of the wilderness. The area has desert plants of Joshua tree and creosote bush on the valley floors and in foothills, canyons and on the alluvial fans. Higher elevations have pinyon pine.
A portion of the Sacatar Trail, an old wagon road into the Owens Valley once used by soldiers and cattlemen, cross the Chimney Peak Wilderness as does the Pacific Crest Trail.
Recreational activities include hiking, horseback riding, fishing and camping/backpacking. No motorized vehicles or mechanical equipment is allowed within a wilderness area.
The BLM began a "byway" program in 1989 which is a tour by automobile through or near scenic public lands. This program designates "backcountry byways" along secondary roads. The Chimney Peak Backcountry Byway can be accessed from State Route 178, is over in length and travels through Lamont Meadow, circles around Chimney Peak and returns to Canebrake Road at Lamont Meadow.

</doc>
<doc id="20195770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195770" title="Van Coeverden">
Van Coeverden

Van Coevorden is one of the oldest aristocratic families from the Netherlands.
The family's history begins with Hendrik van Borculo who in 1231 married Eufemia, a daughter of the lord of Coevorden. The grandson of this couple, Reinolt, started to call himself "van Coeverden". From this time onwards till the 17th century, the family played an important role in the region of Drenthe.
His descendants still carry this name and belong to the Dutch nobility. Some branches were granted the title of baron; others are Jonkheer.
Coat of arms.
The coat of arms of the family is in gold 3 red eagles (3:1).

</doc>
<doc id="20195779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195779" title="Fedia Damianov">
Fedia Damianov

Fedia Damianov (born August 14, 1950) is a Bulgarian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1970s. At the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, he won a bronze medal in the C-2 1000 m event.
Damianov also won a bronze medal in the C-2 1000 m event at the 1971 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="20195784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195784" title="Conan the Barbarian (comics)">
Conan the Barbarian (comics)

Conan the Barbarian was a Marvel Comics title starring the sword-and-sorcery character created by Robert E. Howard. It debuted with a first issue cover-dated October 1970 and ran for 275 issues until 1993. A significant commercial success, the title launched a sword-and-sorcery vogue in 1970s comics.
Publication history.
Marvel Comics' "Conan the Barbarian" ran 275 issues (cover dated October 1970 - December 1993). The book was noted for having a single writer, Roy Thomas, for stints of several years, from issues #1-115 (October 1970 - October 1980) and then #240-275 (January 1991 - December 1993). It is noted as well for being the signature work of artist Barry Smith, who penciled most issues between #1-#24, become an industry star; and for the years-long run of artist John Buscema, who penciled the vast bulk of issues #25-190. Interim writers included J.M. DeMatteis, Bruce Jones, Michael Fleisher, Doug Moench, Jim Owsley, Alan Zelenetz, Chuck Dixon, and Don Kraar.
Thomas, Marvel's associate editor at the time, had obtained the licensed property from the estate of its creator, Robert E. Howard, after finding Conan chief among readers' requests for literary properties to be adapted to comics, which also included the pulp magazine character Doc Savage, the "Lord of the Rings" oeuvre of writer J. R. R. Tolkien, and Edgar Rice Burroughs' characters Tarzan and John Carter of Mars. Elaborating in 2010, he said, 
Thomas said another reason for pursuing Thongor was that Marvel editor-in-chief Stan Lee "liked that "name" the most. . . . I soon got stalled by Lin Carter's agent on Thongor (he was hoping I'd offer more than the $150 per issue I was authorized to offer), and I got a sudden impulse to go after Conan. Later, following on the success of the Conan series, Lin Carter allowed Marvel to publish a Thongor comic, which appeared as a miniseries in "Creatures on the Loose"."
After reading and enjoying the paperback "Conan of Cimmeria", Thomas contacted Glen Lord, literary agent for the Howard estate, and "I said we can't offer much money but it might increase Conan's audience and so forth, what do you think? I didn't have much elasticity, but I was so embarrassed by the $150 that I upped it to $200 without thinking. So that when Glen agreed ... I decided I'd have to write the first issue or so, so that if Goodman objected I could knock a couple pages off my rate to even things out."
The extra cost meant, however, that Marvel could not budget for Buscema, Thomas' first choice, serendipitously opening the door to Smith. Buscema, in a 1994 interview, recalled,
Comics historian Les Daniels noted that ""Conan the Barbarian" was something of a gamble for Marvel. The series contained the usual elements of action and fantasy, to be sure, but it was set in a past that had no relation to the Marvel Universe, and it featured a hero who possessed no magical powers, little humor and comparatively few moral principles."
Marvel initially published "Conan" every two months. After sales of #1 were strong Marvel quickly made the title monthly, but sales dropped with each additional issue. Lee decided to cancel the comic with #7, not only because of the weak sales but to use Smith on more popular comics. Thomas argued against the decision and Lee relented, although the book became bimonthly again in #14. By #20 "Conan" again became monthly because of rising sales, and the comic became one of Marvel's most popular in the 1970s.
Elric of Melniboné first appeared in comics in "Conan the Barbarian" issues #14–15 (March-May 1972). The comics were written by Thomas and illustrated by Windsor-Smith, based on a story plotted by Michael Moorcock and James Cawthorn. Red Sonja was introduced in issue #23 (February 1973).
In 2010, Comics Bulletin ranked Thomas' work on "Conan the Barbarian" with Smith and Buscema seventh on its list of the "Top 10 1970s Marvels".
Annuals and Giant-Size series.
Twelve issues of "Conan Annual" were published from 1973 to 1987. "Giant-Size Conan" was a series of 68 page giants which ran for five issues from September 1974 to 1975.
Awards.
Academy of Comic Book Arts Shazam Awards
1970
1971
1973
1974

</doc>
<doc id="20195785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195785" title="Mulkhola">
Mulkhola

Mulkhola is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4076 people living in 674 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20195790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195790" title="Bahar Mert">
Bahar Mert

Bahar Mert (born December 13, 1975 in Kardzhali- Bulgaria) is a Turkish volleyball player. She is 180 cm and plays as setter. She plays for Türk Telekom Ankara. Team since 2007 and wear 1 number. She is team's captain. She was a member of the Women's National Team that won the silver medal at the 2003 European Championship in Ankara.

</doc>
<doc id="20195791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195791" title="Nigalchula">
Nigalchula

Nigalchula is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 2443 people living in 418 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20195808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195808" title="Ivan Burtchin">
Ivan Burtchin

Ivan Burtchin (born December 9, 1952) is a Bulgarian sprint canoer who competed in the 1970s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze in the C-2 1000 m event at Munich in 1972.
Burtchin also won a bronze medal in the C-2 10000 m event at the 1975 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="20195814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195814" title="Russia–Slovakia relations">
Russia–Slovakia relations

Russia–Slovakia relations () date back to when diplomatic relations were established upon Slovakia gaining its independence on January 1, 1993. Russia opened its embassy in Bratislava in 1993. Slovakia also has an embassy in Moscow. Both countries are strongly opposed to the 2008 independence of Kosovo and have refused to recognize and establish diplomatic relations with Kosovo.

</doc>
<doc id="20195817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195817" title="86th Flying Training Squadron">
86th Flying Training Squadron

The 86th Flying Training Squadron (86 FTS) is part of the 47th Flying Training Wing based at Laughlin Air Force Base, Texas. It operates T-1 Jayhawk aircraft conducting flight training. 
History.
On 20 November 1940, a new squadron was designated the 86th Bombardment Squadron, Light. Activated on 15 January 1941 and stationed at McChord Field, Washington its primary mission was anti-submarine patrols untilizing B-18 aircraft. In the six years that followed, the 86th traveled to all parts of the world earning a proud history. The mission was expanded to include training personnel for overseas duty and combat operations. 
In 1942, the 86th started its journey through various parts of Europe and North Africa. It was stationed in approximately 20 different locations including French-Morocco (1942), Conrobert, Algeria (1943) and Salon, France (1944). During that time, the 86th supported combat operations with the DB-7, A-20 and A-26 aircraft. The 86th Bombardment Squadron received numerous campaign streamers and the Distinguished Unit Citation in 1943 and again in 1945. It went on to fly combat missions in the Mediterranean Theater of Operations from, 14 December 1942-30 April 1945. During the course of the war the squadron earned two Distinguished Unit Citations. 
In 1945, the 86th returned to the United States to begin training in support of a new mission of night tactical operations. Stationed at Briggs Fields, Texas, in 1946, and then Barksdale AFB, Louisiana, in 1948, the 86th was redesigned the 86th Bombardment Squadron, Light, Jet, flying the A-26 and then B-45 aircraft. With the slowdown of military operations, the 86th was inactivated in 1949.
On 23 March 1954, the 86th Bombardment Squadron, Light, jet was reactivated. It was stationed at Sculthorpe RAF Station and Alconbury RAF station, England, flying the B-45 and B-66 aircraft. On 1 Oct 1955, the 86th was redesigned as the 86th Bombardment Squadron, Tactical. The 86th remained in England, maintaining proficiency in a variety of tactical operations and was awarded the Air Force Unit Citation for operations from July 1958 to June 1960. On 22 June 1962, the 86th distinguished itself by acquiring eleven campaign streamers and three Distinguished Unit Citations.
Through the early years of the Cold War the 86th transitioned to the B-45 Tornado and later the B-66 Destroyer aircraft and served as a bomber unit, primarily stationed in England.
On 22 March 1972, the 86th was redesignated the 86th Flying Training Squadron. The old 3646th Pilot Training Squadron at Laughlin AFB was redesignated the 86th Flying Training Squadron, giving the 86th it present name and location at Laughlin Air Force Base, Texas where it specializes in training Strategic Air Command co-pilots. Since 1972, the 86th was an active squadron training student pilots. From 1976 to 1979, the squadron trained Strategic Air Command Co-pilots in the ACE program. The squadron was inactivated in September 1992. During its twenty years as a pilot training squadron, the 86th Flying Training Squadron earned five Air Force Outstanding Unit Awards.
On 17 February 1994, the 86th Flying Training Squadron was reactivated. The training mission continues utilizing the T-1A Jay Hawk for Specialized Undergraduate Pilot Training. Today the squadron flies the T-1 Jayhawk conducting the specialized undergraduate pilot training phase for airlift-tanker-bomber track pilots.
Operations..
Antisubmarine patrols, 9 Dec 1941-15 Jan 1942. Combat in Mediterranean Theater of Operations (MTO), 14 Dec 1942-30 Apr 1945. Undergraduate pilot training, Sep 1972-Sep 1992 and specialized undergraduate pilot training, 1993 to present.
Assignments..
47 Bombardment Group, 15 Jan 1941-2 Oct 1949. 47 Bombardment Group, 23 Mar 1954 (attached to 47 Bombardment Wing, 23 Mar 1954-7 Feb 1955); 47 Bombardment Wing, 8 Feb 1955-22 Jun 1962. 47 Flying Training Wing, 1 Sep 1972; 47 Operations Group, 15 Dec 1991-15 Sep 1992. 47 Operations Group, 1 Dec 1993-Present. 
Aircraft..
B-18, 1941-1942; DB-7, 1942; A-20, 1942-1945; A-26 (later, B-26), 1945-1949; B-45, 1949. B-45, 1954-1958; B-66, 1958-1962. T-38, 1972-1992. T-1, 1993-Present. 
Operations..
Antisubmarine patrols, 9 Dec 1941-15 Jan 1942. Combat in Mediterranean Theater of Operations (MTO), 14 Dec 1942-30 Apr 1945. Undergraduate pilot training, Sep 1972-Sep 1992 and specialized undergraduate pilot training, 1993 to present. 
Service Streamers..
None. 
Campaign Streamers..
World War II: Antisubmarine, American Theater; Algeria-French Morocco; Tunisia; Sicily; Naples-Foggia; Anzio; Rome-Arno; Southern France; North Apennines; Po Valley; Air Combat, EAME Theater. 
Armed Forces Expeditionary Streamers..
None. 
Decorations..
Distinguished Unit Citations: North Africa, 22 Feb 1943; Po Valley, 21-24 Apr 1945. Air Force Outstanding Unit Awards: 1 Jul 1958-30 Jun 1960; 1 Jan-31 Dec 1973; 1 Jan 1976-28 Feb 1977; 1 Jan 1979-30 Apr 1980; 1 May 1982-29 Feb 1984; 1 Mar 1985-28 Feb 1987; Mar 1987-31 Mar 1988; 16 Mar 1989-15 Mar 1991; 1 Jul 1991-Sep 1992; Dec 1993-30 Jun 1995; 1 Jul 1997-30 Jun 1999; 1 Sep 2003-30 Jun 2005; 1 Jul 2005-30 Jun 2007. 
Emblem..
Approved on 8 Mar 1945; modified and reinstated on 22 Mar 1995; replaced emblem approved on 20 Feb 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20195836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195836" title="Rebecca Egan">
Rebecca Egan

Rebecca Egan is a British actress known mostly for the role of Marilyn Tanner in the "Second Sight" series, and has most recently been seen in the guest role of Kendra Hills-Smythe in the British soap opera "EastEnders".
The daughter of thespians Peter Egan (born 1946) and Myra Frances (born 1943), Egan followed in her parents' footsteps when she made her first television appearance in an episode of "Cardiac Arrest" in 1996 as a doctor. After a few bit parts in television series', Egan was given the role of Marilyn Tanner for the television movie Second Sight in 1999. Its success brought on three sequels, all released in 2000, and led to Egan landing bigger parts in more well-known television series such as "Murder in Mind", "Holby City", "Midsomer Murders"The house in the woods (Harriet Davis) 2005, "Doctors", "The Bill" and "Casualty".

</doc>
<doc id="20195839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195839" title="Phalawang">
Phalawang

Phalawang () is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5078 people living in 858 individual households. 
History.
Phalawang historically was a kingdom ruled by rajas; in 1837, Tej Bahadur Shah became Raja of Phalawang. The main building of note is the Phalawang Palace which houses documents in the eastern wing. 
Geography.
Phalawang lies on a mountain top, with river valleys to both the north and south.
Highway 11 (also known as Rapti Rajmang) skirts the eastern perimeters of the VDC, connecting Tulsipur in the south to Jhula in the north. Phulawang VDC is located in the southeastern part of Salyan District, bordering Tulsipur, Pawan Nagar, Shantinagar and Baghmare to the south in Dang Deokhuri District, Kavra to the west, Karagithi to the northwest, Chhayachhetra to the north, Tribeni to the northeast, and Rim and Dhanwang to the east.
Other settlements in the area include Tribenghat, Gaunde, Lotaune, Dhunge Bagar, Baluwa and Dangchuli.

</doc>
<doc id="20195845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195845" title="Pipal Neta">
Pipal Neta

Pipal Neta is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1780 people living in 315 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20195848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195848" title="Design Hotels">
Design Hotels

Design Hotels AG (Börse München: LBA) is a publicly traded company providing hospitality services to a network of over 250 independently owned hotels in over 40 countries worldwide. The firm maintains offices in London, Barcelona, New York City, Singapore, Bali, Tokyo and Perth in addition to its headquarters in Berlin.
History.
Design Hotels was founded in 1993 as a California Corporation, Design Hotels Inc. by J. Peter Schweitzer and Claus Sendlinger. Claus was a part owner (with Hans Peter Knodler) of German full-service travel agency CO-ORDINATES GmbH, based on Augsburg, Germany; the two firms, and several others, consolidated in 1998 under the holding company lebensart.net GmbH, subsequently known as lebensart Global Networks AG in 1999. The holding company went public in Germany on Dec. 10, 1999. 
In 2000 lebensart Global Networks AG, with Daniel Adams as the CFO raised sufficient capital to transfer trading from the over-the-counter (OTC) markets to the Börse München. 
In 2001 the firm re-branded itself as Design Hotels with 23 initial member hotels. That same year the firm completed the corporate merger of wholly owned subsidiaries ResExpress, Inc., Younger Direct Marketing, Inc. and lebensart technology, Inc. The company began trading under the name lebensart technology Arizona, Inc., with headquarters in Scottsdale, Arizona.
In 2004, after several relocations of its headquarters from Arizona, California, to New York, the firm settled its headquarters in its current location in Berlin, Germany, with its current name, design hotels AG.
Business model and services.
Design Hotels charges member hotels a base membership fee and earns additional revenue by providing various supportive services on an ala carte basis. 
Services include sales, marketing, PR and other creative services; online and telephone booking services, with associated customer service; yield revenue management and third-party business development deals; and hotel development and consultancy, from a hotel’s inception stage to ongoing hotel management.
Publications and events.
Design Hotels-sponsored publications include DIRECTIONS, a bi-annual magazine on travel, architecture, and lifestyle; the Design Hotels BOOK, an annual edition showcasing the full range of member hotels; and various member newsletters. 
Architecture and design symposia include Design Hotels Forum, an educational event for member hoteliers on trends affecting the hospitality and design industries, well as other events. The firm also participates in industry-wide trade shows for travel companies, including ITB in Berlin, Germany, International Luxury Travel Market (ITLM) in Cannes, France; and Asia Luxury Travel Market in Shanghai, China.
Member hotels.
Design Hotels’ network consists of 250 independently owned hotels in over 40 countries. Approximately 72% of member hotels are located in Europe, 17% in the Asia Pacific region, 9% in North and South Americas, and`2% in Africa. Member hotels have received awards from Condé Nast Traveler Hot List 2008, CNBC European Business Magazine, Hamburg’s Entrepreneur of the Year, among others; in 2010, the Design Hotels Suites on the Dutch island of Texel was chosen as "Best Dutch Hotel" by the influential website Zoover.nl.

</doc>
<doc id="20195849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195849" title="Rim, Nepal">
Rim, Nepal

Rim, Nepal is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3120 people living in 570 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20195854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195854" title="Saijuwal Takura">
Saijuwal Takura

Saijuwal Takura is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3137 people living in 593 individual households.
Media.
To Promote local culture Saijuwal Takura has one FM radio station Radio Rapti - 104.8 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20195858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195858" title="Gheorghe Danielov">
Gheorghe Danielov

Gheorghe Danielov (born April 20, 1948) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the 1970s. He won a silver in the C-2 1000 m event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
Danielov also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (C-2 500 m: 1971) and three silvers (C-2 500 m: 1973, 1974; C-2 1000 m: 1975).

</doc>
<doc id="20195875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195875" title="William Carlin">
William Carlin

William Passmore Carlin (November 23, 1829 – October 4, 1903) was a career soldier from the state of Illinois who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War and then in the postbellum United States Army. He led a brigade and then a division in the Army of the Tennessee in several of the most significant campaigns of the Western Theater of operations.
Early life and career.
William P. Carlin was born in Rich Woods in Greene County, Illinois, and educated in the local schools. His parents were William B. Carlin (1804-1850) and Mary Carlin (née Goode, 1805-1888). He received an appointment to the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York, and graduated in 1850, ranking 20th out of 44. Among his classmates were future six Civil War generals, including Gouverneur K. Warren and William L. Cabell. Carlin was appointed a brevet second lieutenant in the 6th U.S. Infantry and assigned to duty on the Western frontier at Fort Snelling and other subsequent posts.
He spent much of the next decade on garrison duty, although he participated in several minor campaigns and expeditions to quell warring Plains Indians, including William S. Harney's 1855 campaign against the Sioux (for which he was promoted to first lieutenant) and the 1857 expedition of Edwin V. Sumner against the Cheyenne tribe. He then was involved in the Utah War in 1858 in a U.S. Army force led by Albert Sidney Johnston, a future Confederate general. He rose to the rank of captain in the Regular Army.
From September 1859 through May 1860, he commanded Fort Bragg in California.
Civil War service.
Shortly after the outbreak of the Civil War in early 1861, Carlin was commissioned on August 5 by the Governor of Illinois, Richard Yates, as the colonel and first commander of the new 38th Illinois Infantry. He and his regiment were shipped to Missouri to help stabilize the region under Federal control. He participated in the Battle of Fredericktown on October 21, where his men help rout part of the Missouri State Guard under M. Jeff Thompson.
As a reward for his performance, in November Carlin took command of the Southeastern Missouri District, a post he held through the winter into early spring of 1862 when he was assigned to lead a brigade of infantry. He first led his brigade into combat during the Siege of Corinth, Mississippi, in May of that year. Fighting against the Confederates of Braxton Bragg during the autumn Kentucky Campaign, Carlin received multiple commendations for bravery for a successful charge at the Battle of Perryville that almost cut off the Confederate line of retreat, but it was called back, under protest, by his corps commander. After the battle he protested the lack of recognition his command received and privately chided division commander Lovell H. Rousseau for "crawling around trees on his belly is not such conduct as soldiers admire." Carlin was promoted to brigadier general in the Union Army on November 29, 1862. A month later, his brigade in the Army of the Cumberland suffered high casualties during the Battle of Stones River in Tennessee.
For the next year and a half, Carlin commanded the 2nd Brigade, 1st Division of the XX Corps. He participated in the Tullahoma Campaign and the subsequent Battle of Chickamauga. In the autumn of 1863, he fought at Lookout Mountain and Missionary Ridge during the Battles for Chattanooga. In the summer of 1864, he led his brigade in the Atlanta Campaign, taking a brief furlough during the campaign to return to Illinois to be married. He was promoted to divisional command before the Battle of Jonesboro in September. He then took part in Sherman's March to the Sea and the capture of Savannah, Georgia.
In early 1865, Carlin's division was involved in the Carolinas Campaign. At the Battle of Bentonville on March 19, it conducted a "probing attack" that was routed by a major Confederate counterattack in which General Carlin narrowly escaped capture. At the end of the war, he received brevet appointments to major general in both the volunteer Union Army and the Regular Army.
Postbellum career.
Carlin mustered out of the volunteers in the summer of 1865 and returned to the Regular Army as the major of the 16th U.S. Infantry. He was the assistant commissioner of the Tennessee office of the Freedmen's Bureau from 1867 until 1868. He was promoted to colonel in April 1882 and later to brigadier general, and held various commands at army posts throughout the country. He put down a miners' strike in the Idaho Territory and served in several posts in the South during Reconstruction.
Carlin retired from the Army in 1893 after 43 years of service. He wrote and published his autobiography, "Memoirs of Brigadier General William Passmore Carlin, USA", which detailed his long career.
While traveling on a train near Whitehall, Montana, in 1903, Carlin died suddenly. His body was shipped home to Carrollton, Illinois, for burial.
In memoriam.
The town of Carlin, Nevada, was named for him, as was the Gen. William Passmore Carlin Camp #25, Department of California & Pacific, Sons of Union Veterans of the Civil War. He is also remembered by the Gen. William P. Carlin Chapter of the National Society of the Daughters of the Union 1861-1865.

</doc>
<doc id="20195899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195899" title="Gheorghe Simionov">
Gheorghe Simionov

Gheorghe Simionov (born June 4, 1950) is a former Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1960s to the late 1970s. He won a silver in the C-2 1000 m event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
Simionov also won ten medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (C-2 500 m: 1971; C-2 10000 m: 1966, 1970), five silvers (C-2 500 m: 1973, 1974; C-2 1000 m: 1975, 1978; C-2 10000 m: 1978), and two bronzes (C-2 500 m: 1978, C-2 1000 m: 1979).
He is the brother of Toma Simionov.

</doc>
<doc id="20195912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195912" title="Srednja Vas pri Šenčurju">
Srednja Vas pri Šenčurju

Srednja Vas pri Šenčurju (; , ) is a village in the Municipality of Šenčur in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Srednja vas" to "Srednja vas pri Šenčurju" in 1955. In the past the German name was "Mitterdorf".
Churches.
Twin churches with a single shared spire in the village are dedicated to Saint Radegund and Saint Catherine. Saint Radegunde's is the older of the two with a Romanesque nave and Gothic frescos from around 1440. The sanctuary has Gothic rib vaulting from the second half of the 15th century and the nave was vaulted in 1853. Saint Catherine's is younger with a choir dated 1535. Eight Stations of the Cross are displayed in the nave and a wooden polychrome pulpit from the 17th century can be seen on the south wall. The spire was probably built in the early 16th century at about the time the second church was erected.

</doc>
<doc id="20195915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195915" title="But Not for Me (film)">
But Not for Me (film)

But Not for Me is a 1959 Paramount Pictures comedy film starring Clark Gable and Carroll Baker. It is based on the play "Accent on Youth" written by Samson Raphaelson.
Plot.
Russ Ward is a Broadway producer who has been out of town. On returning to New York, everybody wants a piece of him: ex-wife Kathryn Ward, hard-drinking playwright Jeremiah "Mac" MacDonald, magazine reporter Roy Morton, business manager Miles Atwood and lawyer Charles Montgomery, one after another.
The main topic of discussion is "Give Me Your Hand," the new play Russ is producing. The reporter hears it's in trouble, but Russ says that's untrue. It will be ready for its Boston tryout right on schedule, he vows.
Kathryn keeps reminding him of his age, which Russ likes to lie about. Russ tells loyal young secretary Ellie Brown it probably is time to retire, because this new show is a mess. He and writer Mac have a story about a middle-aged man romancing a 22-year-old woman and just can't seem to make it work.
Ellie is in love with Russ, so much so she proposes marriage to him. That gives him an idea. What if the play had the young woman pursuing the man? That way he wouldn't seem such a lecher. A delighted Mac rewrites it and everyone involved works on it at the Long Island mansion where the former actress Kathryn lives, partly thanks to her alimony from Russ.
A rich backer named Bacos wants in, but Atwood says his money isn't needed because an anonymous angel is financing the whole show. Ellie reads the woman's part and strikes everybody as perfect for it. Gordon Reynolds gets the male lead and promptly falls for Ellie, but she's being led on by Russ, who doesn't discourage her love for him.
The show's so-so in Boston and a few of them panic, but Russ insists it'll be a hit on Broadway and, sure enough, he's right. Now he needs to let down Ellie gently, and next thing he knows, she and Gordon have gotten married. Ellie returns exasperated because Gordon wants to give up theater and move to Montana. She strips and leaps into Russ's bed so Gordon can catch her there and demand an annulment.
Everybody gets every misunderstanding sorted out. The newlyweds decide to compromise, and Russ, who finally has figured out that Kathryn was the anonymous angel who financed the show, is ready to give their relationship a second act.
Previous versions.
The 1935 movie "Accent on Youth" starred Herbert Marshall and Sylvia Sydney. The 1950 film version was a musical entitled "Mr. Music", starring Bing Crosby and Nancy Olson

</doc>
<doc id="20195922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195922" title="International Lottery in Liechtenstein Foundation">
International Lottery in Liechtenstein Foundation

The International Lottery in Liechtenstein Foundation (ILLF) was a government authorised and state controlled charitable foundation that operated Internet lotteries. The ILLF pioneered Internet gaming, having launched the web's first online lottery, PLUS Lotto, in 1995 and processed the first online gaming transaction ever. The ILLF supported charitable causes in Liechtenstein, many of which support projects in poorer nations internationally. The ILLF filed for bankruptcy in September 2011.
Chronology.
In early 1995, executives of London Mall, a British software developer conceived the idea of an Internet lottery. A license to run a fixed odds Internet lottery, without international marketing restrictions, was obtained from the Liechtenstein government. The International Lottery in Liechtenstein Foundation (ILLF), a charitable foundation, was formed to operate this lottery, then called Interlotto, and it quickly established its position as a leading e-commerce site in Europe. The International Lottery in Liechtenstein Foundation (ILLF) also introduced the first instant scratchcard games on the Internet during this time.
The first Interlotto ticket was sold to Mario Frick, the Prime Minister of Liechtenstein (December 15, 1993 - April 5, 2001). The first Interlotto draw took place at the Köfferli bar in the quaint capital of Vaduz, Liechtenstein on the Saturday evening of 7 October 1995. Caroline Burdet Liechtenstein's first Olympic bobsledder, drew the winning six numbers for what is billed as the first nationally sanctioned lottery on the Internet.
Fourteen months later, on 13 January 1997 the lottery site was renamed from Interlotto to PLUS Lotto following an agreement with the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC), one of the world's best known and most respected humanitarian organisations, whereby the IFRC would become its major beneficiary. The first draw under the PLUS Lotto name took place on 18 April 1997.
Where is Liechtenstein.
Liechtenstein, a member of the European Economic Area (EEA) and United Nations, is a small country located in the heart of Europe, between Switzerland and Austria. This Principality is a stable, constitutional hereditary monarchy operating on a democratic and parliamentary foundation. Liechtenstein has served to be a prime locality to operate a lottery as besides offering political and economic stability, having very high due diligence standards, and enjoying a AAA-Rating from Standard & Poor's it has a well established lottery law which provides a strongly regulated, first-world jurisdictional environment for the lottery.
Regulation.
The ILLF was licensed by the government of Liechtenstein to operate its lotteries. The license was highly regulated, with government appointed auditors (Thöny Treuhand AG, Vaduz)[http://www.toendury.li] auditing the ILLF books of account and overseeing all aspects of the operations including scrutinization of lottery pre-draw and draw procedures. This includes all lottery games as well as the instant win games. 
The ILLF's partners were credible and well known: 
Thawte[http://www.thawte.com] certifies the ILLF sites to guarantee personal information such as credit card details is protected and securely processed. 
The larger Jackpot prizes were insured through R K Harrison Group Limited [http://www.rkhis.com], a Lloyd's broker, to ensure guaranteed Jackpot prize payouts. 
Liechtensteinische Landesbank AG [http://www.llb.li/llb/llb.nsf/PageId/home_en] held the player funds from transactions made on all the ILLF operated sites to assure funds were securely held and paid out to players. Liechtensteinische Landesbank AG, a AAA rated bank, is predominately owned by the Principality of Liechtenstein.
Charity.
An integral part of the International Lottery in Liechtenstein Foundation (ILLF) was its focus on charities. All the lottery sites in the ILLF network set aside a portion of revenue to fund causes in Liechtenstein and around the world. All donations are made at the discretion of the Charity Allocation Committee which is controlled by the Liechtenstein government.
ILLF Network.
The ILLF operated many websites, referred to as the ILLF brands. Combined, these brands offered a wide array of games to choose from.
All sites now redirect to the main ILLF home page, discussing the reasons for the filing of bankruptcy.
Games.
Several games operated under the ILLF brands:
Lotteries.
The ILLF offered two weekly lotteries and one monthly lottery.
Weekly 6/49 Lottery.
In every lotto draw, six numbers plus one bonus number were drawn from a range of balls numbered 1 to 49. Players choose six different numbers plus a bonus number by a method of their own choosing. Prizes were awarded for matching two, three, four, five or six numbers as well as five plus the bonus ball and six plus the bonus ball.
55545789
Draw.
The 6/49 lottery draw was conducted every Friday at the ILLF's studio in Liechtenstein and is scrutinized by an auditor from Thöny Treuhand AG, Vaduz. Draws were performed using one of two mechanical ball machines manufactured by Editec (France). Prior to the draw a ball set was selected at random and test draws were carried out to ensure that the machine and ball sets have not been tampered with. After the draw an independent program is run by the auditor and the results compared to the database to verify that the data is correct and there are no errors. The draw was filmed and then made available via the Internet.
The Prize Pool for the 6/49 lottery draw was 90% of the value of the ticket price. The allocation is as follows:
The overall odds of winning any prize were 1 in 6.63.
Little Big One.
Little Big One was a weekly lotto where 5 from 15 balls are drawn. Each ticket contains 5 numbers chosen from 15. There were a maximum of 3003 tickets available in every weekly draw. There were three prize categories to be won, including winning for matching zero balls. Since each ticket number is sold only once, winners do not share prizes. The Jackpot is a guaranteed EUR 2,003.00 per week. The weekly draw was an automated draw using a certified Random Number Generator. The draw took place in Liechtenstein every Wednesday at 11h00 CET but occasionally, due to a "Must be Won Jackpot" feature of the LBO game, could occur earlier.
The Prize Pool for the Little Big One draw was 80% of the ticket price. The allocation is as follows:
The overall odds of winning any prize were 1 in 4.27.
Equinox Lottery.
The Equinox Lottery was a monthly lottery with draws occurring every month on the same date as the next Equinox (the days when the Sun is directly above the Earth's equator and day and night are about the same length everywhere in the world). In 2010, this was on January 22, February 22, March 22, April 20, May 20, June 21, July 20, August 20, September 22, October 22, November 22 and December 22. There were only 2,000 ticket numbers offered in each draw. The purchase price of a complete Ticket Number is EUR 45. Each Ticket Number consists of 3 Shares. The purchase price of a Share is EUR 15. Players can choose to purchase a complete Ticket Number and/or up to 3 shares, depending on the number of shares already sold in the ticket. It was a raffle style draw with a Prize Pool worth up to EUR 45,000.00 and up to 565 cash prizes were awarded.
The odds were 1 in 3.54 to win a prize and 1 in 5.45 to make a profit.
Instant Win Games.
PLUS Lotto offered a variety of online instant win games. The player could win up to EUR 10,000.00 instantly.
Scratchcards.
PLUS Lotto offered seven online scratchcard games. Each scratchcard ranges from a cost of EUR 1 to EUR 7. Prizes up to EUR 100,000.00 could be won.

</doc>
<doc id="20195953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195953" title="Uwe Madeja">
Uwe Madeja

Uwe Madeja (born February 6, 1959) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the 1980s. He won a silver in the C-2 1000 m event at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.
Madeja also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (C-2 1000 m: 1981) and two bronzes (C-2 500 m: 1985, C-2 1000 m: 1982).
He is married to Silvia Rinka, who competed for East Germany in swimming at the 1980 Summer Olympics in the breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="20195957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195957" title="Parti social-démocrate">
Parti social-démocrate

Parti social-démocrate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20195969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195969" title="Handy Backup">
Handy Backup

Handy Backup is a disk imaging and backup software developed by Novosoft LLC. Handy Backup creates backup copies of data stored on computers working under Microsoft Windows OS or Unix-like systems with the WINE Windows-compatibility layer. The backups can be stored to a variety of local and remote devices including HDD, CD/DVD/Blu-ray discs, FTP/SFTP/FTPS and WebDAV servers, Amazon S3 and other storage media. Users of Handy Backup can also take advantage of Handy Backup Drive, Novosoft's proprietary cloud storage service.
Overview.
Introduced in 2002 by Novosoft, Handy Backup is a backup software targeted for use in home and small business environments. The program was originally designed for backing up individual files and data and settings of popular software applications. However, after cession of the copyright to Novosoft LLC, Handy Backup quickly acquired multiple advanced features, such as support for backing up Microsoft Exchange Server data, "live" disk imaging, cloud storage and other.
Operation.
Handy Backup has a Wizard driven interface and a task-based architecture which allows creating and scheduling three types of operations: backup, restore and synchronization. Program supports all known backup types and is suitable for heterogenous networks. Key options include task scheduler, ZIP compression, Blowfish encryption, e-mail notifications, and an option to start other programs before or after task execution. The program supports MySQL and Microsoft Exchange backup. Handy Backup supports 32-bit and 64-bit operational systems.
Supported file systems.
File systems supported by the software include NTFS, FAT16, FAT32, Ext2, Ext3, ReiserFS, Reiser4 and other. This variety is achieved through the use of disk imaging module which allows performing sector-based backup which does not query the file system. Though this feature is not primarily designed for hard disk cloning, it can also be used for this purpose.
Handy Backup .HBI format.
Handy Backup stores information about each backup task in index files of its own .HBI format. Each index file contains the list of files, their sizes, time of creation, time of last modification, file attributes, and other data. It also includes a reference to the previous index file and is renewed with each execution of the task, which enables doing incremental and differential backup and save only changes. In Handy Backup, incremental backup is made on file level and differential backup is made on byte level.
Available Editions.
Handy Backup comes in three editions designed for individual PCs: Home Standard, Home Professional and Small Server. Also, there is an enterprise backup edition called Handy Backup Network Server which includes all features of Handy Backup Small Server and allows backing up data of networked workstations. The editions have different sets of features and are targeted at different market segments. All programs are distributed as shareware and have a full-featured 30 days trial period.
A legal battle over the trademark ownership.
Novosoft LLC was partnering with Novosoft Inc in the field of software development for over ten years. In 2003 due to a financial markets storm caused by a Dot-com bubble crash, the companies decided to make their businesses independently and divide the software products they created together. On May 29, 2003 the copyright of Handy Backup was transferred to Novosoft LLC.
During the reorganization, a group of people from Novosoft Inc accused Novosoft LLC of stealing the trademark and refused to transfer ownership of the Handy Backup web site. They filed a suit against Novosoft LLC claiming that the copyright had been transferred illegally, and continued selling the program, acting under the old name of Novosoft Inc (which in fact stopped its existence as a US-based company). 
Since then, both parties have fought in a continuous legal battle which is still not over. There are two websites, handybackup.net belonging to Novosoft LLC and handybackup.com belonging to Novosoft Inc, selling different versions of Handy Backup under the same name.
Novosoft LLC continues to develop and promote the program, while Novosoft Inc sells a five year old obsolete version because it has retained high search engine ranking. This has caused confusion among both customers and editors. In 2008, TopTenReviews published a review of Novosoft Inc's version of Handy Backup, mistakenly ascribing it to Novosoft LLC.
In May 2008, the Texas District Court acknowledged that the Handy Backup copyright had been transferred to Novosoft LLC legally and dismissed the case. Immediately after that Novosoft LLC filed a suit demanding that Novosoft Inc transfer the domain name to them.

</doc>
<doc id="20195979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20195979" title="Lifestyle Lift">
Lifestyle Lift

Lifestyle Lift is a national facial cosmetic surgery practice with headquarters based in Troy, Michigan, United States. The company's name in all caps is also a trademarked brand name used to market a particular type of facial surgery called the lifestyle lift. In 2012, Debby Boone became the spokesperson for the company in its television commercials and its half-hour infomercial.
The procedure is advertised as a minimally invasive, short flap face lift performed under local anesthesia. Published reports show an increased incidence of complications associated with general and intravenous anesthesia. The procedure involves the excess skin and superficial muscular aponeurotic system (SMAS) layer.
Company history.
Lifestyle Lift was founded by Dr. David Kent. Kent's previous medical practice focused on otolaryngology head and neck surgery, facial plastic surgery and hair replacement. Dr. Kent completed an osteopathic residency in otolaryngology-head and neck surgery and facial plastic surgery. He is a member of the American Academy of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery and board certified by the American Osteopathic College of Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery. Dr. Kent was recently named Ernst & Young’s 2012 Entrepreneur of the Year. He started Lifestyle Lift in 2001 with one office and has grown it to over 50 surgical, consultation and affiliated offices with more than 100 physicians. R. James Koch joined Lifestyle Lift in 2006 as Medical Director and oversaw medical training for the company. Prior to joining Lifestyle Lift, Koch was a full-time faculty member at the Stanford University School of Medicine where he served as Associate Professor, Co-Director of the Division of Facial Plastic Surgery, and Co-Director of the Fellowship for Advanced Facial Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery. Koch resigned from the organization in 2010 and was replaced by three regional medical directors that same year and who were subsequently named Medical Directors in 2012: David Santos, Pacific and Mountain Regions; Jason Swerdloff, Southeast and Northeast Regions; Carlos Farias, Midwest and Northeast Regions.
Claims.
Company website lists 172,255 completed surgeries as of 05 Feb. 2014. There are almost 200 reviews of the company out of over 150,000 customers—some of them negative—on RealSelf.com which Lifestyle Lift sued for trademark infringement (the case was settled). Lifestyle Lift has attempted to sue other companies based on trademark infringement, including informercialscams.com (now defunct). In 2008, Lifestyle Lift was the subject of an eight-part mini series by the CBS affiliate in Atlanta featuring three dissatisfied Lifestyle Lift patients, and former employees and their complaints against the company.
Complaints.
Marketing practices.
In 2009 Lifestyle Lift reached a settlement with New York state over claims it had posted false customer endorsements on third-party websites, including RealSelf.com, and on some websites the company had created for the purpose. Lifestyle Lift was ordered to pay $300,000 to the state, and it agreed to cease the practice.
In 2013, after a three-year review of all aspects of Lifestyle Lift marketing, the Florida Attorney General found that Lifestyle Lift was compliant with all state regulations. As a result, no fines were levied, but Lifestyle Lift reimbursed the State of Florida for costs of the investigation and made a donation to a Florida Attorney General sponsored charity. During the course of the investigation, Lifestyle Lift voluntarily made several minor changes to its marketing materials to ensure clarity for consumers. 
Safety issues.
In 2008, an Orlando, Florida, plastic surgeon filed a complaint with the Florida Board of Medicine, seeking payment for emergency room services he provided to a Lifestyle Lift patient; the company denied that it was negligent in the case. Lifestyle Lift was also the subject of a March 2010 lawsuit filed by the family of a Massachusetts patient who died as a result of complications with local anesthesia in July 2009. The suit alleged that doctors failed to monitor the woman's vital signs during the procedure; in a statement, Lifestyle Lift responded that the woman had failed to disclose pertinent medical information. In an August 2011 lawsuit filed in Broward County, Florida, a patient claimed she developed keloid scars within days following a Lifestyle Lift facelift, and that the doctor had lied about the risks of scarring. In a statement to the press, Lifestyle Lift indicated disagreement with the "accounting of events" described in the suit, and said it remained supportive of its surgeon.
Procedure.
The procedure involves an incision made along the temple hairline and continuing down around the front of the ear or following the natural curves of the ear. The typical incision makes an S shape although the incision length and type can differ between surgeons and is individualized for each patient. The incision is made in front of and behind each ear. Once these cuts are made, the deeper muscle or SMAS tissue is pulled up and back (and possibly trimmed) and sutured into place. The excess skin is then trimmed off and the incision is closed. Liposuction may be used to reduce fat from under the chin. In addition, the muscle bands in the neck may be sutured together to lessen their appearance. 
Lifestyle Lift surgeons also perform eyelid surgeries, brow lifting, fractional CO2 laser skin resurfacing, fat grafting, and chin augmentation.
Branded face lifts.
Lifestyle Lift is one of several face lifts in the U.S. which are marketed primarily through infomercials. Lifestyle Lift and QuickLift have nationwide marketing campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="20196000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196000" title="Universal Catholic Church">
Universal Catholic Church

The Universal Catholic Church (UCC) is a Christian church formed in 2007 with headquarters based in the United States. The Church traces its founding to Jesus and the Twelve Apostles and regards the bishops to be the literal successors of the Apostles, holding their keys of authority. The Universal Catholic Church considers itself to be part of the One, Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church and to be both Catholic and Liberal. While it derives its Apostolic Succession from the Old Catholic Church, the UCC is not in full communion with either the Utrecht Union, or the Roman Catholic Church, and differs with them theologically in several important respects. 
In the United States, as of 2011, the UCC has five dioceses, which are the diocese of the west (Alaska, Hawaii, California, Washington, Oregon, and Nevada), the diocese of the southwest (Arizona, New Mexico, Utah and Colorado), the diocese of Texas (Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas and Louisiana), the diocese of the middle-Atlantic (Pennsylvania, New York, Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey and Washington D.C.) and the provincial diocese. 
Beliefs.
Sacraments.
The Church recognizes the historic seven sacraments, which are: Baptism, Confirmation, Holy Eucharist, Absolution, Extreme Unction, Holy Matrimony, and Holy Orders. 
Paterology.
The UCC teaches the orthodox doctrine of the Holy Trinity. 
Soteriology.
The UCC teaches that we are all immortal, both before and after physical death; and everyone shall "one day reach His Feet, however far they stray." Universal reconciliation is an accepted doctrine of the UCC, following the words of St. Paul: "Therefore just as one man's trespass led to condemnation for all, so one man's act of righteousness leads to justification and life for all." (Romans 5:18)
Ecclesiology.
The UCC teaches that the Holy Bible, the Creeds, and the Traditions of the Church are the means by which the teachings of Christ have been handed down to his followers that they are fundamental, true, and sufficient as a basis for right understanding and right conduct. 
The UCC teaches that all Christian worship is valid, of whatever kind, so long as it is earnest and true.
Church structure.
Constitution and canons.
The UCC is governed by its constitution and canons. 
Clergy.
The UCC is currently led by its archbishop, Dean E. Bekken of Arizona, and the General Episcopal Synod.
Laity.
Laypersons in the UCC come from diverse backgrounds and from all spiritual paths. Due to the open nature of the UCC, no layperson is required to accept any of the more "formal" beliefs of the Church and are allowed to accept or reject them as they please. 
Seminary.
Training for the clergy of the UCC is through St. Clement Seminary, the only seminary of the Church. The seminary offers distance study courses for those seeking holy orders. 
Seminarians are encouraged to pray the Divine Office of the Church, specifically the morning prayer or Prime, and the evening prayer or Compline.
Liturgy.
The Church uses its own liturgy, today known as the Liberal Rite. This liturgy was mostly composed by Bishop Wedgwood, with Bishop Leadbeater assisting on the Collects, and selecting the Psalms, canticles, and weekly epistle and gospel readings. The rite focuses more on the glorification of God, rather than the depravity of man.
Religious Orders.
The Order of St. George of Cappadocia is a semi-monastic Franciscan spiritual community.
History.
The Church traces its apostolic succession to Archbishop Arnold Harris Mathew. Mathew was consecrated bishop on 28 April 1908, by Archbishop Gerhardus Gul of Utrecht, assisted by the Old Catholic bishops of Deventer and Berne, in St. Gertrude's Old Catholic Cathedral, Utrecht. Only two years later, Mathew declared his autonomy from the Union of Utrecht, with which he had experienced tension from the beginning. It was only a short time later that Bishop Mathew found himself at odds with his own clergy in Great Britain and ultimately walked away to seek union with the Roman Catholic Church. 
The founding bishop of the Liberal Catholic Church was James I. Wedgwood of the Wedgwood China family, formerly a cleric in the Church of England (Anglican). Wedgwood grew dissatisfied with the Church, and discovered the Theosophical Society, which had a stronger appeal to his sense of life and justice. When Archbishop Arnold Harris Mathew sought to ordain some clergy who were dissatisfied with the Church of England, Wedgwood was one who joined the new Old Catholic Church of England. Archbishop Mathew knew of Wedgwood's membership in the Theosophical Society, as well as that of other clergy in the Old Catholic Church of England, and originally promised that this would not be a problem, but later retracted that promise and asked all clergy to resign from the Theosophical Society. Not willing to do so, Father Wedgwood and most of the Old Catholic Church in England found themselves without a bishop as they withdrew from Archbishop Mathew's leadership. 
One of the men whom Archbishop Mathew had consecrated to the episcopate, Bishop Frederick Samuel Willoughby, offered to consecrate and elevate one of the withdrawn clergy to the episcopate so that they would not be without a bishop. Father Wedgwood was selected and elevated to the Episcopate on February 13, 1916. The Church was eventually reorganized and renamed The Liberal Catholic Church. Archbishop Wedgwood then consecrated another former Anglican priest, Charles W. Leadbeater, later that same year, with Bishop Leadbeater going on to become the 2nd Presiding Bishop of the Church in later years. 
The Liberal Catholic Church underwent a schism between the American Province and the worldwide Church in 1941. The American Province reorganized under the name Liberal Catholic Church International. In April 2007, Bishop Dean Bekken severed his parish and those clergy under him from the LCCI and formed the Universal Catholic Church.
In September 2010, the church incardinated the religious order of St. George of Cappadocia (OSGC).
Relations with other denominations.
The UCC seeks to work in amity with all other Christian denominations, and is open to inter-communion agreements with other denominations. Open communion is a practice of the UCC.
Publishing.
The UCC maintains and operates the St Alban Press, the unofficial publisher of the Liberal Catholic Movement. 

</doc>
<doc id="20196015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196015" title="Trboje">
Trboje

Trboje (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Šenčur in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies east of Lake Trboje.
Geography.
Trboje lies on the left bank of the Sava River along the road from Kranj to Smlednik. The soil in the area is sandy, and there are fields in the east part of the settlement toward Smlednik and Voklo. The Sava River was dammed in 1986, when the Mavčiče Hydroelectric Plant was built. The reservoir that was created is known as Lake Trboje.
Name.
Trboje was attested in written records in 1118 as "Trebesbach" and "Trebespach" (and as "Treffpach" in 1313, "Trespach" in 1436, "Treboyach" in 1436, "Triboyan" in 1483, and "Threwoiach" in 1597). The origin of the name is unclear, but may be derived through haplology from "*Trěbobǫďe selo" 'Trěbobǫdъ's village', referring to an early settler. If so, the originally neuter adjective later became a plural noun. Theories deriving the name from the verb "*trěbiti" 'to clear (cut)' are less likely. In the past the German name was "Terboje".
History.
Most of the village was burned in a fire in 1883, destroying the church and 60 houses, which were later rebuilt. The village was also heavily damaged in an 1895 earthquake.
Church.
The church in the village is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary. It is a Baroque structure dating from 1743 (the year is carved on the exterior wall of the chancel). The church originally belonged to the Parish of Smlednik, was a quasi-parish from 1785 to 1795, and only a chapelry from 1795 to 1809. The church burned in 1883 and was then damaged in the 1895 Ljubljana earthquake, after which it was renovated. It was not elevated to parish status until 1912. Oral tradition states that the church was once a pilgrimage destination. The main altar features a statue of Mary holding the infant Jesus; the left side altar is dedicated to Saint Nicholas, and the right side altar to the Adoration of the Magi. The church contains paintings by Leopold Layer (1752–1828) and the bell tower contains four bells.
A chapel-shrine below the church in the village is dedicated to the Virgin Mary and contains a statue from the old church. The statue was adorned with various gifts, also displayed in the shrine, when requests to the Virgin Mary were fulfilled. Two additional shrines—a triangular masonry shrine in the middle of the village, and the Burgar shrine outside the village—are noteworthy for their paintings.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Trboje include:

</doc>
<doc id="20196017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196017" title="Didier Hoyer">
Didier Hoyer

Didier Hoyer (born February 3, 1961) is a French sprint canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the early 1990s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won two bronze medals in the C-2 1000 m event, earning them in 1984 and 1992.
Hoyer also won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with four silvers (C-2 1000 m: 1989, 1991, 1993; C-2 10000 m: 1989) and two bronzes (C-1 10000 m: 1986, C-2 500 m: 1991).

</doc>
<doc id="20196040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196040" title="I Never Cry">
I Never Cry

"I Never Cry" is a rock/ballad song by Alice Cooper. It was originally released on his "Alice Cooper Goes to Hell" album in 1976.
The song was written by Cooper and Dick Wagner. The song reached #12 on the US charts in January 1977. On Alice's radio show November 23, 2009 Alice stated that this was his biggest selling single. However, he did not state what source or criterion he was referencing when making this statement.
The song was written about his drinking problem, which would in one year send the performer into rehab. Cooper called the song "an alcoholic confession". 
Use in pop culture.
The song would close God Bless America, a 2011 black comedy film directed by Bobcat Goldthwait

</doc>
<doc id="20196051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196051" title="Randy Williams (baseball)">
Randy Williams (baseball)

Randall Duane Williams (born September 18, 1975, in Harlingen, Texas) is an American professional baseball pitcher who plays for the Saitama Seibu Lions of the Nippon Professional Baseball. He played with the Seattle Mariners, San Diego Padres and Colorado Rockies in Major League Baseball from 2004–2010. Williams played college baseball for the Lamar University Cardinals.
Drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the 12th round of the 1997 Major League Baseball Draft, Williams was released by the Cubs on March 24, . He played all of with the independent Central Baseball League for the Edinburg Roadrunners. In 42 games, he had a 1.42 ERA and 77 strikeouts. On September 30, 2002, he signed with the Seattle Mariners and made his major league debut on September 11, . He appeared in 6 games for the Mariners in 2004 and during the offseason, he was traded to the San Diego Padres for Billy Hogan. After appearing in just 2 games for the Padres in , he was claimed off waivers by the Colorado Rockies. He went 2-1 with the Rockies the rest of the season and had a 5.73 ERA. He became a free agent at the end of the season.
In , he re-signed with the Rockies and played the entire year for their Triple-A affiliate, the Colorado Springs Sky Sox. In , Williams played in the Texas Rangers organization and in , the Florida Marlins organization. He became a free agent at the end of the 2008 season and signed a minor league contract with an invitation to spring training the Chicago White Sox on January 12, .
After the 2011 season, he elected for free agency.
In 2012, Williams signed with the Saitama Seibu Lions in Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20196059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196059" title="Éric Renaud">
Éric Renaud

Éric Renaud (born May 30, 1961) is a French sprint canoer who competed in the 1980s. At the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, he won a bronze medal in the C-2 1000 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="20196072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196072" title="M33 cluster bomb">
M33 cluster bomb

The M33 cluster bomb, also known as the (M33) Brucella cluster bomb, was a U.S. biological cluster bomb developed in the early 1950s and deployed in 1952. It was the first standardized biological weapon in the U.S. arsenal.
History.
The U.S. Army Chemical Corps selected "Brucella suis" as its first mass-produced biological agent in 1949. Tests at Dugway Proving Ground followed in 1950 and 1951. These tests paved the way for the first mass-produced biological weapon in the U.S. arsenal in 1952.
Specifications.
The M33 cluster bomb was a biological munition that initially carried the biological agent "Brucella suis". The M33 held 108 M114 anti-personnel bombs; each M114 held about 320 milliliters of "B. suis" culture. Besides "B. suis" the M33 was tested with other agents throughout the 1950s. The M33 was an air-released munition: released at high altitude, it would eject its bomblets while still aloft. Each bomblet would then explode using its own detonator.
Issues.
The M33 presented a special logistical problem. The agent used, "B. suis", required refrigeration which created a logistical "nightmare". In addition, experts calculated that to attain a proper infection rate over an area of one square mile up to 16 separate M33s were required; around 1,500 individual bomblets. The large number of biological weapons made transport of the weapons for 1952 tests more difficult. The M33 cluster bomb was never used in battle.
Tests involving the M33.
The M33 cluster bomb was used in a series of tests from August-October 1952. At Dugway Proving Ground, Utah, the Army Chemical Corps exposed over 11,000 guinea pigs to "B. suis" via air-dropped M33s. Although the guinea pig trials caused one Chemical Corps general to remark, "Now we know what to do if we ever go to war against guinea pigs", the tests resulted in the realization that the M33 could not compete with the casualty volume caused by atomic weapons.

</doc>
<doc id="20196093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196093" title="Jacques Aymar de Roquefeuil et du Bousquet">
Jacques Aymar de Roquefeuil et du Bousquet

Jacques Aymar de Roquefeuil et du Bousquet (14 November 1665, château du Bousquet, Montpeyroux, Rouergue – 8/9 March 1744) was a French Navy admiral.
Family.
He was the younger brother of Louis, Baron de Roquefeuil et du Bousquet and a member of the House of Roquefeuil-Blanquefort, one of the most illustrious Languedoc families. His father left him the hereditary government of the town of Rodez, which the king invested him with upon his marriage in 1711. His mother was Victoire de Moret, granddaughter of Madeleine de Bourbon.
Marriage and family.
On 4 August 1712, he married Jeanne Louise du Main d'Angeret, and they had:

</doc>
<doc id="20196109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196109" title="Christian Frederiksen">
Christian Frederiksen

Christian Frederiksen (born January 31, 1965) is a Danish-born, Norwegian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the early 2000s (decade). Competing in four Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the C-2 1000 m event at Barcelona in 1992.
Frederiksen moved from Denmark to Norway after the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
He found better success at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with eight medals. This includes six golds (C-2 1000 m: 1989, 1993; C-2 10000 m: 1987, 1989, 1990, 1993), one silver (C-2 500 m: 1993), and one bronze (C-2 10000 m: 1986).

</doc>
<doc id="20196110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196110" title="Astarita Stakes">
Astarita Stakes

The Astarita Stakes was an American non-graded Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York between 1946 and 2005. Open to two-year-old fillies, it was a sprint race contested on dirt over a distance of six and a half furlongs. It offered a purse of $100,000.
The race was named for John Madden's filly who won the 1902 inaugural running of the Astoria Stakes at the now defunct Gravesend Race Track on Coney Island, New York.
The Astarita Stakes was downgraded from Grade II to Grade III in 2004 and then discontinued in 2005 by the New York Racing Association (NYRA). [http://news.bloodhorse.com/article/42237.htm?id=42237
Placed on hiatus in 2005 the Astarita was previously a Grade III event. The American Graded Stakes Committee ruled it was not eligible for grading in 2008. [http://news.bloodhorse.com/article/42237.htm?id=42237
The race has been contested at various distances.
The Astarita Stakes was run in two divisions in 1965, 1968 and 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20196112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196112" title="Child Alert Foundation">
Child Alert Foundation

The Child Alert Foundation (CAF) is a private, 501c(3) non-profit organization that was established in the state of Pennsylvania in 1998. Operating strictly from donations and fund raising, CAF is dedicated to assisting federal and local law enforcement agencies in the recovery of missing and abducted children and elderly individuals. The Child Alert Foundation helps law enforcement notify their surrounding communities with their copyrighted Abduction Central Alert (ACA) community alert notification system.
The Child Alert Foundation was the first organization to ever create a fully automated implementation of the Amber Plan outlined in 1997 in Dallas, Texas, which has since become the AMBER Alert. The original Amber Plan (1997) was a faxed based procedure where law enforcement agencies were required to prepare information for public distribution and then fax that information to a list of designated primary radio stations. This was a manual procedure and time consuming process.
The ACA system created by Child Alert is a totally automated procedure that was designed from the very beginning to exceed the original Amber Plan requirements. Rather than limit the alert to radio, CAF expanded coverage to include television and news organizations as well as other law enforcement agencies for notification. In addition to sending faxes as the original plan required, the ACA system sends emails, alert pagers, send text messaging, build automatic web pages, posters and more. The ACA system also provides full circle notifications by issuing closure alerts when an incident is terminated.
Since its original implementation in 1998, the ACA system has been further expanded to assist law enforcement with notifying the community when a Silver Alert is issued for missing elderly individuals.
History.
The Child Alert Foundation (CAF) was founded in 1998 by Col. Vincent A. Albers Jr.(USMC Retired), Nancy T. Albers, Vincent A. Albers III and Marlene R. Slater to help law enforcement agencies across the nation immediately notify their surrounding communities of missing and abducted children. 
With their collective backgrounds in computer technology, applications development and telecommunications, they collaborated and created a new Alert Notification System (ANS) that was called Abduction Central Alert (ACA) in honor of all missing children across the nation. 
With the ACA system, an alert area of one hundred (100) miles is centered around the initial abduction location and establishes a "zone of influence" for the notification area. Since the first hour of any abduction is critical and an abduction vehicle can travel over 60 miles an hour, one minute can equal a mile and this was the reason why the 100 mile radius distance was selected. The alert "zone of influence" represents a virtual net that can cross state and local boundaries and provides law enforcement with a greater advantage of apprehending a perpetrator in that first hour.
This system can immediately notify a variety of agencies and organizations of missing and/or abducted individuals in a matter of seconds of being activated. 
In May 2001, the Child Alert Foundation released their infrared digital fingerprinting services program called the ACA Child Identification Poster System (ACA CHIPS). This program automated the old Polaroid photograph and ink fingerprint concept of providing child identification services and stored information digitally on disk that could easily be retrieved and imported into the automated Abduction Central Alert (ACA) community alert notification system.
The CHIPS program interfaces with a digital video camera to take real time video snapshots and an infrared fingerprint scanner to capture digital impressions of a child's fingerprints. This information is saved in various digital formats on a disk or flash drive and given only to parents and guardians to access in case of an emergency. In the unfortunate event that a child is reported missing and/or abducted, the digital information can immediately be reloaded into an alert notification system (ANS) program like Abduction Central Alert so that an Amber Alert can be immediately activated by law enforcement.
With the introduction of the digital ACA CHIPS program (2001), the Child Alert Foundation became the first organization to offer full circle alert coverage to law enforcement and their communities. Law enforcement could use ACA CHIPS to provide parents and guardians with child identification disks as a community service. Parents in turn could provide the CHIPS disks back to law enforcement in the case of an emergency so that an expedited Amber Alert could be activated using the ACA system to notify their surrounding community of a missing child.

</doc>
<doc id="20196115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196115" title="House of Roquefeuil-Blanquefort">
House of Roquefeuil-Blanquefort

The House of Roquefeuil-Blanquefort was one of the most illustrious noble families of the Languedoc area of France. It was named after its possession at Blanquefort and a inheritance from Catherine de Roquefeuil in 1381, and its members included 

</doc>
<doc id="20196131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196131" title="Arne Nielsson">
Arne Nielsson

Arne Nielsson (born May 11, 1962) is a Danish sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the late 1990s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the C-2 1000 m event at Barcelona in 1992.
Nielsson also won eight medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with six golds (C-2 1000 m: 1989, 1993; C-2 10000 m: 1987, 1989, 1990, 1993), one silver (C-2 500 m: 1993), and one bronze (C-2 10000 m: 1986).
Since his retirement from elite sports, Arne Nielsson has worked as a professional coach and he has been writing several books about cognitive coaching and mental training with hint to sportspeople as well as business people.

</doc>
<doc id="20196150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196150" title="SOKO Leipzig">
SOKO Leipzig

SOKO Leipzig is a German police procedural television programme, a spin-off of the earlier German police programme SOKO 5113. It was first broadcast on 31 January 2001, on German television channel ZDF. On 12 November 2008, the first part of a two-part crossover between SOKO Leipzig and British police procedural The Bill was aired, with the same version being shown on both ZDF and British television channel ITV1.

</doc>
<doc id="20196154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196154" title="Dagmar of Bohemia">
Dagmar of Bohemia

Dagmar of Bohemia (also known as Margaret of Bohemia; 1186 – 24 May 1212/13, Ribe) was queen consort of Denmark as the first spouse of King Valdemar II of Denmark. She was the daughter of King Přemysl I Ottokar of Bohemia and his first wife, Adelheid of Meissen.
Family.
Margaret had one brother, Vratislav, and two sisters, Božislava and Hedwig. Her father became the Duke of Bohemia in 1192, but in 1193 was deposed. He then left Bohemia with his family.
Adelheid with her children found a new home at the court of her brother Albert, Margrave of Meissen, and her husband Ottokar became a mercenary for German rulers. In 1197, Ottokar became the Duke of Bohemia for a second time. He repudiated Adelheid and divorced her in 1199 on the grounds of consanguinity. He married Constance of Hungary later the same year. This step, together with other maneuvers, helped him later to obtain the hereditary elevation of his title to king.
Adelheid did not waive her rights. In 1205, she returned to Prague temporarily. At that time, Ottokar decided to marry their daughter, Margaret, to Valdemar II of Denmark. However, Constance gave birth to a son, later King Wenceslaus I of Bohemia the same year. Adelheid left Bohemia soon and died a few years later.
Queen Dagmar.
Before his first marriage, Valdemar had been betrothed to Richeza of Bavaria, daughter of the Duke of Saxony. When that engagement fell through, he married Markéta in 1205 in Lübeck. She quickly won over the hearts of the Danes. In 1209, the new queen, now known as Dagmar, gave birth to her son Valdemar.
Not many things are known about Dagmar as a person. According to Rydårbogen (1250), queen Dagmar influenced Valdemar to release one of his most fervent enemies, Bishop Valdemar of Slesvig, in 1206. Most of the image of Dagmar comes from later folksongs, myths and legends, designed to present her as an ideal Christian Queen; mild, patient and universally loved, in contrast to her unpopular successor, Queen Berengaria.
Queen Dagmar died on 24 May 1212/13 while giving birth to her second son. Old folk ballads say that on her deathbed she begged Valdemar to marry Kirsten, the daughter of Karl von Rise, and not the "beautiful flower" Berengária of Portugal (Danish: Bengerd). In other words, she predicted a struggle for the Danish throne between the sons of Berengaria.
After Dagmar's death, in order to build good relations with Flanders (a commercially important territory to the west of Denmark's hostile southern neighbours), Valdemar married Berengária of Portugal in 1214.
Queen Dagmar is buried in St. Bendt's Church in Ringsted, Denmark, on one side of Valdemar II, with Queen Berengária buried on the other side of the King.
Valdemar II elevated his son with Dagmar as co-king at Schleswig in 1218. Prince Valdemar was accidentally shot while hunting at Refsnæs in 1231.

</doc>
<doc id="20196161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196161" title="Olivier Boivin">
Olivier Boivin

Olivier Boivin (born June 6, 1965) is a French sprint canoer.
Career.
Boivin competed from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s.
He won a bronze medal in the C-2 1000 m event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. He also won seven medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with four silvers (C-2 1000 m: 1989, 1991, 1993; C-2 10000 m: 1989) and three bronzes (C-2 200 m: 1994, C-2 500 m: 1991, C-4 200 m: 1995).

</doc>
<doc id="20196162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196162" title="Thévenard">
Thévenard

Thévenard may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="20196169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196169" title="Modern pentathlon at the 2002 Asian Games">
Modern pentathlon at the 2002 Asian Games

Modern pentathlon was one of the many sports which was held at the 2002 Asian Games in Busan, South Korea between 10 and 13 October 2002.
Participating nations.
A total of 48 athletes from 8 nations competed in modern pentathlon at the 2002 Asian Games:

</doc>
<doc id="20196177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196177" title="Dumaitz de Goimpy">
Dumaitz de Goimpy

François-Louis-Edme-Gabriel, Comte du Maitz de Goimpy, seen in some English-language histories as Dumaitz de Goimpy, was a French naval commander. He fought in the Battle of Martinique (1780), and commanded the 74 gun "Destin" at the 1781 Battle of the Chesapeake. He was also an active lecturer at the Académie de Marine.

</doc>
<doc id="20196199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196199" title="Ectopic calcification">
Ectopic calcification

Ectopic calcification is a pathologic deposition of calcium salts in tissues or bone growth in soft tissues. This can be a symptom of hyperphosphatemia. Formation of osseous tissue in soft tissues such as the lungs, eyes, arteries, or other organs is known as ectopic calcification, dystrophic calcification, or ectopic ossification. 
Causes.
Absorption of calcium salts normally occurs in bony tissues and is facilitated by parathyroid hormone and vitamin D. However, increased amounts of parathyroid hormone in the blood result in the deposit of calcium in soft tissues. This can be an indication of hyperparathyroidism, arteriosclerosis, or trauma to tissues.
Calcification of muscle can occur after traumatic injury and is known as myositis ossificans. It can be recognized by muscle tenderness and loss of stretch in the affected area. To reduce the risk of calcification after an injury, initiate what is commonly known as "RICE" (rest, ice, compression, and elevation).
Prognosis.
Ectopic ossification of the heart valves is an indicator of future heart problems, hyperparathyroidism, and necrosis of tissues.

</doc>
<doc id="20196207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196207" title="Chamangá River">
Chamangá River

The Chamangá River is a river in Uruguay.
Location.
It is situated in northern Flores Department.
Fluvial system.
The river is a tributary of the arroyo Maciel, itself flowing into the Yí River. The Yí River is a tributary of the westward draining Río Negro. The Chamangá River rises in a range of hills known as the Cuchilla Grande, and it generally runs from south to north in the Flores Department.
Disambiguation.
The settlement of Chamangá is situated nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="20196211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196211" title="The Mating Game">
The Mating Game

The Mating Game may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20196222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196222" title="Songs from the Closet">
Songs from the Closet

Songs from the Closet is a compilation album of early demo recordings by King's X bassist / vocalist Doug Pinnick. It contains two previously unreleased songs and an audio commentary track by Pinnick.

</doc>
<doc id="20196233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196233" title="Jean-Jacques de Marguerie">
Jean-Jacques de Marguerie

Jean-Jacques de Marguerie (Mondeville, 12 April 1742 – Grenada, 1779) was a French naval officer and mathematician.
Life.
He began his studies at the collège at Caen, discovering Euclid's Elements aged around 18 and soon moving to study mathematics alone. He made such progress in this area that the geometer Alexis Fontaine, whom he met in Paris, offered to become his patron. They edited several papers for the Académie des sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="20196246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196246" title="Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986">
Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986

Switzerland was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, held in Bergen, Norway.
The Swiss national final to select their entry, "Concours Eurovision '86", was held on 25 January at the Schweizer Radio DRS Studios in Zürich, and was hosted by singer Paola del Medico, who had represented Switzerland in 1969 and 1980. Five juries selected the winner: one jury each from the German, French and Italian cantons of Switzerland, one jury made up of radio, television and newspaper journalists, and one jury composed of "music experts."
The winning entry was "Pas pour moi," performed by Daniela Simmons and composed by Atilla Şereftuğ, with lyrics written by Nella Martinetti.
French, German and Italian were represented equally in the national final, with three songs in each language. One of the three German songs were sung in the Swiss German dialect, and for the first time, Romansh was represented.
At Eurovision.
Simmons performed tenth on the night of the Contest, following Spain and preceding Israel. At the close of the voting the song had received 140 points, placing 2nd in a field of 20 competing countries. It would become Switzerland's third (and final) second-placing song.

</doc>
<doc id="20196257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196257" title="Independent Australian Scouts">
Independent Australian Scouts

Independent Australian Scouts, known as Scouts of Australia from 1992 to 2001, is a Scouting organisation operating as a central umbrella organization for independent local scout clubs or associations. Independent Australian Scouts is a member of the Order of World Scouts and became an affiliate and successor to British Boy Scouts and British Girl Scouts Association in Australia.
Independent Australian Scouts emphasizes scouting as a simple, experiential, outdoor activity emulating frontier scouts in being self-reliant, thrifty and resourceful and useful and helpful. The association views the Scout Movement as part of the wider Woodcraft Movement. The association eschews the cult-like idolization of Baden-Powell, "family scouting", the unnecessary connection of scouting with later juvenile Wolf Cub (and Beaver, Kea or Joey) schemes and the adult over-organization of scouting and its monopolization and manipulation as a commercial product.
History.
Independent Australian Scouts began as the Independent Scouts of Australia in 1986. The founding members were all former Queen's Scouts, with years of experience as scout leaders who were dissatisfied with the direction, costs and claims of The Scout Association of Australia. The association registered the name Independent Scouts of Australia Incorporated in 1988. After contact in 1991 with the British Boy Scouts and British Girl Scouts Association, Scouts of Australia joined the Order of World Scouts. In 1992, the organisation was incorporated nationally and renamed Scouts of Australia. Scouts of Australia successfully defended legal claims by The Scout Association of Australia to the exclusive right to use the name "scout" and the fleur de lis scout emblem but the corporate name was changed to the present title in 2001
Independent Australian Scouts operated under the name Scouts of Australia from 1992 and registered the business name Scouts Australia.
Independent Australian Scouts adopted a logo consisting of a fleur de lis with a five star southern cross constellation above the word "Scouts" and applied for registration of a trademark in 1993.
Independent Australian Scouts offered a very simple organization structure.

</doc>
<doc id="20196268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196268" title="Alexis Fontaine des Bertins">
Alexis Fontaine des Bertins

Alexis Fontaine, known as Alexis Fontaine des Bertins (13 August 1704 – 21 August 1771) was a French mathematician. He was a patron and teacher of Jean-Jacques de Marguerie.
Life.
Fontaine was born in Claveyson. He first got a taste for maths by reading the "Géométrie de l'infini" of Fontenelle and gave solutions to the problems of the tautochrone curve, the brachistochrone curve and orthogonal trajectories. 
He was elected a member of the Académie des sciences in 1733. He died, aged 67, in Cuiseaux.

</doc>
<doc id="20196289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196289" title="Naihan Li">
Naihan Li

Naihan Li is a Chinese designer architect. She currently lives and works in Beijing in the Caochangdi Art District.
Life and Work.
After graduating from Bartlett School of Architecture (UCL) Naihan returned to Beijing where she first collaborated with Ai Weiwei as coordinator for the Jinhua Architectural Park development. She later worked as independent architect and designer for architectural and graphic design projects of different scales. Her finished constructions include Keruo Space, a space for practices in Caochangdi, and the Royal Kitchen restaurant and shop inside the Forbidden City. 
After the establishment of BAO Atelier Hong Kong Ltd ), as a director of the company, she led graphic and catalogue design projects such as "Aftershock- Contemporary British Art" for the British Council; "ALLLOOKSAME-China, Japan and Korea art", and "China Business Guide" for Santander Bank. Additionally, she worked on the exhibition design of Seduction-Borderline Moving Image and NIKE Golden 08 Beijing Olympic Creative research project. 
Other positions include: project coordinator and designer of the UBS Art Collection Show in Shanghai Art Museum "Memories for Tomorrow", Beijing National Art Museum of China's "Moving Horizons" and the Guangdong Art Museum show, "Fact and Fiction."; participation in the Goethe Institution's 20th Anniversary project in Beijing, "Goethe Night" as an artist, where her installation "Brandenburg Gate" was collected by the institution; and featured designer and exhibition designer at China Design Market exhibition during Milan Design Week in 2010 and 2011.
In 2009, Naihan was a featured artist and exhibition designer for the E-Art Festival, New Media Archaeology Exhibition in Shanghai and exhibition Emporium in Milan, Italy.
In 2010, she started her own furniture design studio that includes the furniture series, The Crates, which has been nominated for Design of the Year Award 2012 by the Design Museum in London.
In 2011, she participated as exhibition designer to the Gwangju Design Biennale Un-Named section, curated by Ai Weiwei, and developed a new series of furniture called FOLD for the exhibition display. Also in 2011, she participated in Beijing Design Week as a featured designer where she showcased her collection of mobile pop-up furniture CRATES,

</doc>
<doc id="20196312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196312" title="Pray IV Reign">
Pray IV Reign

Pray IV Reign is the fourth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Jim Jones, released on March 24, 2009, under E1, Columbia and Sony Music Entertainment. The album, his first not to be released under Diplomat Records, also serves as his first under a major record label. The album includes production from Ron Browz, Chink Santana, No I.D., Ryan Leslie, Michael Crawford, Triple-A and Young Seph. Jones' fourth album also features guest appearances from Ron Browz, Juelz Santana, NOE, Mel Matrix, Rell, Ludacris, Ryan Leslie, Chink Santana, Bree-Beauty, Starr, Rowana, Oshy, Twista and Lil Wayne.
Background.
The album, The album was originally titled "Back 2 Back", was his first album with Columbia Records. The album cover was photographed by Thi Chien. There are several different album covers. The first version is the original cover, the second, third and fourth are all the original cover, but with different colored backgrounds, such as red, green and blue. The fifth cover is the Deluxe Edition with a close up of Jim Jones' face.
Music.
In a 2008 listening session, a few tracks were revealed. The "Intro" was originally titled "Across 110th Street" and "How to Be a Boss" was originally titled "Follow this Blueprint". On the sixth track, titled "Frienemies", Jones' addresses his strained relationships with Cam'ron and Max B. "My My My" is a song he recorded his deceased friend Stack Bundles. Jim Jones says he likes to call this track "Emotionless Pt. 2", referring to a previous single of his taken from his third album "Hustler's P.O.M.E." (2006). According to Jim Jones, "My My My" is one of the hardest songs for him perform because of his emotions. The passing of friend and fellow American rapper Stack Bundles, was one of the main inspirations for the album "Pray IV Reign".
A track that was rumored to be on the album was the remix to MGMT's "Electric Feel":
A bonus track on the album was "Jackin' Swagga from Us" featuring Twista, Lil Wayne and NOE, a direct diss to Jay-Z and T.I. mocking their song "Swagga Like Us".
Release and promotion.
On July 8, 2008, Jones' released a song titled "The Good Shit", featuring production from Ron Browz and a guest appearance from fellow ByrdGang member NOE. It was intended to be the album's first single when it was titled "Back 2 Back", but was instead used for promotional purposes.
"Pop Champagne", a song Jones recorded with Ron Browz and Dipset cohort Juelz Santana, was leaked online in the summer of 2008. It quickly became a club banger and hit single, peaking at #22 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was released as the album's lead single on September 4, 2008. The song proved to be Jones' second most successful single to date, behind his 2006 hit "We Fly High".
In October 2008, Jim Jones released a promotional video for the album, rapping his verse on his remix to Kid Cudi's "Day 'n' Nite". Jim Jones initially wanted to release the album on December 9, which was coincidentally the same date Jay-Z was going to release "The Blueprint 3" and 50 Cent was going to release "Before I Self Destruct".
To promote the album, Jones worked with Damon Dash and director J. Kyle Manzay to stage the play "Hip-Hop Monologues: Inside the Life and Mind of Jim Jones". The “Hip-Hop Monologues” is a musical theatrical experience, co-written by Jim Jones, using the music from "Pray IV Reign", as the platform. An ensemble of professional actors portray various characters from Jones’ past, while Jones performed his new songs in the context of a scripted story. The two-day only play pulled in a packed audience of fans, media, and celebrities. Infused with a live band the performance "Gives you that live instrumentation feel — more like a real Broadway type of feel as opposed to just seeing a hip-hop track. So, you’ll get to hear both the real music from off of the album and then the band comes in and it takes over and it gives you that really funky feeling" said Jones of the play.
On January 1, 2009 a song titled "Na Na Nana Na Na" was premiered and on February 17, was released to iTunes. It serves as the album's second single and features up-and-coming singer Brittney Taylor AKA Bree-Beauty. Jim Jones also teamed up with BET, to promote the album as well. On March 2, 2009, Jim Jones appeared on BET's "106 & Park" to premiere the music video for "Na Na Nana Na Na". Later on in the show he announced that from March 2 to March 24, he wwould be announcing a new item out of his "Swag Bag". The goal for the fans was to keep track of all the items announced each day and once you've collected all the items, you had to log on to BET.com/JimJones on Friday, March 20 to enter the contest for a chance to win Jim Jones’ "Swag Bag". Who ever entered all 24 items correctly won the "Swag Bag" and its items.
Jones partnered with iTunes, which had a "Countdown to Jim Jones Pray IV Reign". On February 17, they released the second single "Na Na Nana Na Na". On March 3, they released "Precious" featuring vocals and production from Ryan Leslie, on March 17, the song titled "Frenemies" was released, and on March 24, the entire album was released. The lead single from "Pray IV Reign", "Pop Champagne", which spent two weeks as America's #1 urban single, was also incorporated into the countdown and was already available for sale.
Reception.
Critical response.
XXL gave the album a 4/5, stating that the album is an extreme improvement with many heartfelt tracks, but many disappointments. XXL complimented the lead single, "Pop Champagne", "My My My", and the promo singles "Precious" and "Frenemies", but disliked the second single "Na Na Nana Na Na", "Pop Off" and "This Is the Life".
Alex Thornton of HopHopDX liked the songs "How to Be a Boss" with Ludacris saying it stole the show, "Precious" with Ryan Leslie and "My My My". He also liked the lead single "Pop Champagne" but like most critics he hated the second single "Na Na Nana Na Na"
Commercial Performance.
The album debuted at #9 on the Billboard 200 with 42,982 copies sold in its first week released.
Pray IV Reign: The Mixtape.
Jim Jones released a mixtape, titled "Pray IV Reign: The Mixtape", on March 3, 2009 to promote the album. Most of the songs on the mixtape are tracks that failed to make the album's final tracklisting.

</doc>
<doc id="20196324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196324" title="Robert Hunt (actor)">
Robert Hunt (actor)

Robert Hunt appeared in the 2008 production of "Jerry Springer the Opera" at Carnegie Hall and in the Broadway revival of "Les Misérables" as Javert. Off-Broadway, Hunt led the original cast of the hit "Boobs! The Musical". Hunt played opposite Kelli O’Hara, in the 2007 Oklahoma state centennial production of "Oklahoma!". 
Hunt's regional credits include Jekyll and Hyde in "Jekyll & Hyde", Whizzer in "Falsettos", Joe Hardy in "Damn Yankees", Perchik in "Fiddler on the Roof", Freddy Eynsford-Hill in "My Fair Lady" and Smudge in "Forever Plaid".

</doc>
<doc id="20196327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196327" title="Josh Hall (baseball)">
Josh Hall (baseball)

Joshua Alan Hall (born December 16, 1980 in Lynchburg, Virginia) is a former Major League Baseball starting pitcher. He has played in Major League Baseball for the Cincinnati Reds in 2003.
Hall was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 7th round of the 1998 Major League Baseball Draft. His best minor league season was in with the Single-A Dayton Dragons. He went 11-5 with a 2.66 ERA and 122 strikeouts. He made his major league debut against the San Francisco Giants on August 2, 2003, as a spot starter going 5 innings, giving up 2 earned runs, and getting a no-decision. Hall missed the entire season due to an injury and began back in the minors. First at High-A Sarasota, he was then promoted to Double-A Chattanooga where he had a 3.53 ERA. He played mostly with Chattanooga again in , but also some with Triple-A Louisville.
Hall became a free agent after the season and signed with the Washington Nationals on November 6, 2006. In 2007, Hall was mostly a relief pitcher for Double-A Harrisburg, but in , again with Harrisburg, he was a starter. After 7 games, he was released by the Nationals and signed a minor league contract with the Colorado Rockies. With Colorado, he split the rest of the season with Double-A Tulsa and Triple-A Colorado Springs. He became a free agent at the end of the season and re-signed with the Rockies in January . Hall was released by the Colorado Rockies at the end of Spring Training. On May 11, Hall agreed to a minor league deal with the Mariners. He declared free agency in November of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20196331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196331" title="Tak Boleh Tahan">
Tak Boleh Tahan

"Tak Boleh Tahan", colloquial Malay loosely translated as "I can't take it anymore", was a protest campaign launched by the Singapore Democratic Party over the escalating cost of living in Singapore. According to the SDP,
March 15 arrests and trial.
On March 15, 2008, SDP secretary-general Chee Soon Juan and 18 others held a demonstration at Parliament House, all wearing red "Tak Boleh Tahan" T-shirts to kick-start the campaign. At Parliament House, the protesters were warned by police to stop their unlawful assembly. When the warning was ignored, the police dispersed the protest by force, arresting the demonstrators one by one.
The trial "PP vs. Chee Soon Juan and 18 others" began on October 23, 2008, with the defendants charged on two counts of violating Section 5(4)b Chapter 184 of the Miscellaneous Offences (Public and Nuisance) Act. In their defense, the "defendants claim that they're innocent by virtue of their right under the Singapore constitution to enjoy the guarantees of freedom of assembly and expression", and the trial has been described by the Washington Times as "a test about whether Singapore's judiciary is independent".

</doc>
<doc id="20196332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196332" title="Railway equipment industry in China">
Railway equipment industry in China

Railway equipment includes electric multiple units (EMUs), locomotives and railway freight cars, in terms of the Chinese railway planning, that large railway freight car and bullet train is the direction of development of China's railway equipment manufacturing industry. The gap of locomotive manufacturing industry between China and developed countries is relatively large, especially in high-power electric locomotive and EMUs. After technology acquisition, China has acquired high-power electric locomotives, diesel locomotives and 200 km/h EMUs. Presently, the localization rate of parts and components of electric locomotive and EMUs reaches 70 per cent and 75 per cent respectively, and China has developed 300 km/h EMUs based on digesting and absorbing overseas' new technologies.
International manufacturers.
In terms of the international railway equipment market that global railway equipment industry is on a more monopoly competitive circumstance. The merger of locomotives and railway car plants has restructured global railway equipment market that global railway equipment giant dominated more market share. Presently, there are three global giant of global locomotive and railway car plants—Germany's Siemens, France's Alstom and Canada's Bombardier, they hold 55 per cent of total global market share (each 14%, 18% and 23%) and advanced technology and higher market concentration. Bombardier holds the largest market share of global railway equipment technology and sales market and Alstom remains advantage on EMUs and ordinary single-decker and double-decker electric locomotive market.
Chinese manufacturers.
Although the number of China's railway equipment manufacturers is quite large and products is relatively various, but the weakness is that they produce the speed of below 200 km/h general train's low-end products and the production capacity is surplus and price competition is in chaos; and the lack of design and production capacity of advanced technology of railway equipment which can not meet the demands of high-end products. In order to adapt to the demand of current railway development, the Chinese government took a measure to pay huge amounts of money through international cooperation with international leading manufacturers to introduce high-end products, digesting and absorbing advanced manufacturing technology to upgrading Chinese railway equipment's technology level.
High-speed rail.
The high-speed railway equipment manufacturing industry is the priority fields that supporting by governmental policy. In terms of the current circumstance of China's railway equipment manufacturing industry, is in a low level of technology, therefore, government policies are encouraging localization and the introduction of advanced technology then digestion and absorption, the Chinese government spent 10 billion yuan to buy advanced international technology for state-owned enterprises to upgrade their technology capability and offered huge amounts of orders.
Investment.
The total railway fixed assets investment of China's Eleventh Five-Year Plan period was 1.5 trillion yuan, of which the purchase of rolling stock and the investment of technological transformation is 250 billion yuan. It is estimated that by 2010, the amount of China's locomotives will reach around 19,000 units, EMUs will reach around 1000, railway carriages about 45,000 units and railway freight car will reach 700,000 units.
Development.
The great development of the Chinese railway equipment manufacturing industry has benefited by the growth of railway investment, which has promoted railway equipment enterprises' competitive advantage, such as those manufacturers who have the technology of high-end products will be the main beneficiaries, in addition, due to the higher standard of high-speed railway technology, therefore, however expecting that the Chinese railway equipment parts suppliers still need a certain period of time to enter the high-speed railway equipment market.

</doc>
<doc id="20196334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196334" title="Future American Magical Entertainers">
Future American Magical Entertainers

F.A.M.E. (Future American Magical Entertainers) was a pioneering organization in the magic field for adolescents and teenagers that existed in New York City, USA from the early 1940s until the early 1980s. Initially it had been called the Peter Pan Magic Club until the name change of "F.A.M.E." in the early 1950s. After overseer Abraham "Abe" Hurwitz died in 1981, the remnants of the club became the Society of Young Magicians, which was started by "F.A.M.E" alum Dick Brooks.
Many early "F.A.M.E." members would go on to become famous American magicians, magic consultants, puppeteers, and motion picture and television personalities. Most notably, Shari Lewis (daughter of overseer "Abe" Hurwitz) would gain major recognition in the Emmy and Peabody award-winning children's TV series "Lamb Chop" on PBS; Stan Burns would principally star with Madonna in "Desperately Seeking Susan" (1985) and in Woody Allen's "Radio Days" (1987), both as a New York ventriloquist; George Schindler would write for many "Billboard" magic/comedy columns (1950s-1960s), publish at least 8 magic books, do TV commercial voice acting, star as a magician in Woody Allen's "New York Stories" (1989) and hold title as spokesman, president and dean of the "Society of American Magicians"; and Dick Brooks would open the Magic Towne House (now defunct) in Manhattan and the Houdini Museum in Pennsylvania with collaborator Dorothy Dietrich.
Founder.
Dr. Abraham Hurwitz, known as "Peter Pan the Magic Man", originally headed the club. Hurwitz was a Yeshiva University education professor who was so reputed in the American magic scene that he was named New York City's "official magician" by then-Mayor Fiorello La Guardia.
Hurwitz was a city recreation director when Mayor La Guardia gave him the official magician title during the Depression. For 18 years, he took his magic show to schools and recreation centers and put on annual magic shows in parks in every NYC borough. For years after he left the department he continued his magic shows as a volunteer. Among his protégés was his daughter, television star Shari Lewis, the world famous ventriloquist and developer of Lamb Chop.
Hurwitz was born in Lithuania in 1905. He graduated from City College of New York, obtained his Masters degree from Columbia University and his Ph.D. in educational guidance from New York University. He began mixing magic with teaching as a guidance counselor at the Brooklyn Hebrew Orphanage. He retired from Yeshiva in 1974 and died on September 29, 1981.
Early members.
A few earlier members of the Peter Pan Magic Club before it changed its name to F.A.M.E. included George Schindler, Stan Burns, George Gilbert (Lott), Albert Goshman, Ken Krenzel, Jack London (Harry Rifas), Danny O'Brien (Blackwood), George Sands, Vic Sendax, Len Cooper, Sonny Sklar, Jerry Bergman, Howie Schwarzman and Shari Lewis.
Name change to F.A.M.E..
In the 1950s, the then members decided the name of the club was childish and changed it to FAME Future American Magical Entertainers and included Dick Brooks, Ken Silverman (who became a Pulitzer Prize winning author and wrote a biography of Houdini), John Hope, Robert A. Olson, (Hope and Olson later wrote a column on coin magic in Hugard's Magic Monthly), Richard Bangs, Al Callus, David Levy, Burt Kaplan, Jeff Spiller, Dan Ritchard, Mike Eberton, Melvin Kelger, Sheldon Weiner, Mike Goldstein, Leonard Heller, Kichi Iamoto, Hank Lifson, Jerry Goldstein and many others. (see official 1952 roster) At that time it was run by Antoinette Deutch, Bob White, and Lou Dick. The acronym FAME came about when the members decided the Peter Pan name was a bit childish, especially after a comment from comedy magician Carl Ballantine, "I love your peanut butter". The FAME acronym was suggested by Dick Brooks (entertainer). Among later magicians who joined included Jeff Spiller, Diane Zalph, Jeff Silverstein, Debbie Leifer, Jeff Sheridan, Robin Lane and others.
Society of American Magicians.
In the early 1960s the S.A.M. sponsored a club for young magicians known as the I.M.P.S. (Independent Magical Performers Society). This club had its original branch in New York City under the direction of veteran magician (and inventor of magical apparatus) Arnold Belais, who was in his late 70's; at most meetings, Belais was assisted by Marshall Johnson, a magic enthusiast who was employed as a television producer/director at the CBS studios on 57th St.
During its peak, the I.M.P.S. met once a month in Manhattan at the West Side YMCA on West 63rd St; here, in addition to giving the young members a chance to perform and polish their technique, adult performers/lecturers would often take part in the proceedings by offering guidance, advice, and impromptu performances for the young magicians and ventriloquists that comprised the club. Several times in the mid and late 1960s, the group was even visited by talent scout Mark Letti (who was well known in NY entertainment circles as a 'talent spotter' for Ed Sullivan's popular Sunday night television variety show).
In addition to their I.M.P.S. sponsorship, the S.A.M. awarded "scholarships" to qualifying IMPS when they became old enough to apply for SAM membership. A North Jersey branch was established in the late 1960s that met in Tenafly as well as another New Jersey branch which met several times a year in Perth Amboy (until the late 1960s). The New York I.M.P.S. club remained active into the 1970s (although meeting less frequently) and for a brief time survived the passing of its founding leader, Arnold Belais. Currently, young people can join a new organization, SYM Society of Young Magicians, which is a branch of the Society of American Magicians. SYM was conceived in 1981 and founded in 1984 by 6 members of the S.A.M. Dan Rodriguez, Edward Schuman, Ray-Mond, Wendel Gibson, Dick Laneau and Donald Lea.

</doc>
<doc id="20196346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196346" title="Starbrand (newuniversal)">
Starbrand (newuniversal)

Kenneth Connell is a character from the newuniversal imprint of Marvel Comics, and is one of the four initial superhumans created by the White Event in 2006 (the others being Justice, Cipher, and Nightmask). "newuniversal", designated Earth-555 in the Marvel Comics multiverse, is a re-imagining if the New Universe (designated Earth-148611) imprint from the late 1980s. The name Star Brand actually refers to two things: a powerful extra-dimensional glyph (tattoo) that confers superhuman powers on a sentient being, and the name of the being that wields the glyph. Originally the Star Brand was the only extra-dimensional glyph, but Warren Ellis' re-imagining broadened the concept to allow others to exist, namely Justice, Cipher, and Nightmask. Ellis's re-imagining of the Star Brand should not be confused with the original New Universe Star Brand, as its origins and powers are significantly different.
Origin of the Star Brand.
The origins of the Star Brand lay with a supposedly long-dead alien race that created the Star Brand artificially as a tool. The purpose of the Star Brand is to help the transition of a world through the inevitable paradigm shift caused when it comes into contact with a web of strange matter, called "newuniversal structure", wherein normal physical laws operate differently. Whenever a world enters the web it can take thousands of years before the world finishes traveling along one of its many strands, thus contact implies the danger that any given world could be destroyed if its transition period is not guided. It is the purpose of the Star Brand to protect the world from being destroyed. It is not yet clear what effects (if any) the destruction of a single world within the newuniversal structure would cause, but presumably it could threaten the stability of the strand if not the entire web. 
The newuniversal structure was created by the same alien race that created the Star Brand, but as of "newuniversal: shockfront #2" no explanation has been given for why they created it. That said, while the origin of the newuniversal structure is unknown, its effects on a world are: in addition to changing the native physical laws of a world, it creates superhumans, or "paranormals". In the continuity of Earth-555, the first such effect was to trigger the activation of the superhuman gene in the human genome. 
Since multiple worlds within the Marvel multiverse interact with the newuniversal structure, then this means that there are as many Star Brands as there are worlds (as per Marvel comics shared multiverse concept). Two such alternate Star Brands appear in "newuniveral #4". Outside the continuity of the newuniverse, the Star Brand was wielded by Quasar for a short time when Jim Hanrahan (of the original New Universe of Earth-148611) transferred his glyph.
The origin of the Star Brand written by Warren Ellis is markedly different from the origin described in the original New Universe imprint. To see the original origin click here: Star Brand.
Powers and abilities.
The re-imagined newuniversal has only just begun, as such the powers and abilities of the Star Brand have yet to be fully explained. Still, as of "newuniversal: shockfront #2" the Star brand has granted its wielder the following powers: flight, creation of energy shields, ability to see and sense electrical energy fields and superhuman energy signatures, trace superhuman teleportation, matter disintegration, melt solid steel, and energy blasts.
A future version of Kenneth Connell, the current wielder, demonstrated the ability to project his image (possibly a hologram) through time, and time travel (though it is not certain if he was able to achieve this unaided).
Thus far the powers and abilities of the Star Brand seem markedly different from the original, in that the original was a weapon of infinite power that was limited only by the wielder's imagination. While no definitive explanation of the Ellis's re-imagined Star Brand has been presented, it is conceivable that the powers that have been displayed so far do not represent infinite power per se, but rather an "infinite potential". In other words, the wielder does not possess god-like abilities, but rather the wielder is able to manipulate energy according to physical laws that have been hinted at but have yet to be explained as of "newuniveral: shockfront #2".
Current Wielder of the Star Brand.
Kenneth Connell.
Essentially nothing is known about Kenneth Connell's past, except that his home town is Optima Down, Oklahoma, and that his life is a relatively normal one. The most dangerous thing about Kenneth's life is that the city's sheriff hates him because he is dating his daughter, Madeline Felix. After a night out drinking, Kenneth and Madeline fall asleep on a hillside, and in the early hours of March 1, 2006, while they sleep, the White Event takes place.
Ken wakes to find Madeline dead beside him, burned to death when the White Event granted him the Star Brand. The energies were so strong that a symbol of the Star Brand had been scorched into the hillside around them, with Kenneth at its center. Traumatized by the death of his girlfriend, he contacts the sheriff, only to be arrested under suspicion of murdering her. The sheriff assaults Connell in jail and draws a gun, intending to kill the man he considers responsible for his daughters death, and enlists the aid of his fellow officers. Just before the sheriff fires, the Star Brand manifests on Connell's hand, and he instinctively uses its power to protect himself by not only disintegrating bullet, but the sheriff's pistol and right arm as well.
The other officers open fire on him, but he stops them mid-air, reverses them, and fires them back at the officers, killing them. Ken goes on to set the police station on fire, killing two more officers in the process of escaping, barely aware of what he is doing. Still traumatized and wanting only to leave, the Star Brand responds to his desire and begins to fly him away. It is clear from this that the Star Brand reacted to protect Kenneth, but it is unclear if it acted on instinctive commands from Kenneth's mind, due to some pre-programmed command that enables it to protect its wielder, or if the Star Brand simply reacted of its own accord. 
Connell retreats to a secluded mountain, and is approached by three people bearing similar brands at various places on their body. Two of them are Star Brands from alternate universes, and one of them is a future version of himself, all of whom came to warn Kenneth that he must save his world from himself. One of them, an elderly man, is revealed to be Kenneth Connell himself from fifty years in the future; he is using the power of his Star Brand to travel back in time. He warns Kenneth that the power of the Star Brand is enormous, powerful enough that he could wipe out all life in Asia: ""That thing in your palm makes you a walking doomsday machine. You're the world's biggest hammer. But a hammer can be used to crack a skull or build a home.""
Kenneth's future self tells him that he has to push away his pain and move on quickly, because events are coming that need him to focus, and that he is now a walking planetary self-defense system. During their conversation, the military becomes aware of their presence and General Ross, impatient and unwilling to wait for Project Spitfire to act, authorizes a fighter jet to attack them. Kenneth's future self protects them in a field of energy, negating the attack. Ross, distraught, authorizes a nuclear launch on their location. The alternate Star Brands offer to help him in whatever manner he wishes, but he must willingly choose either the help or to act for himself. Kenneth chooses to act for himself, and consciously accesses the Star Brand's power. Just as the other Star Brands from alternate Earth's leave, and the nuke is prepared to be launched, Nightmask teleports to Connell's location and then quickly teleports them back to her apartment in San Francisco to protect him from the blast. General Ross aborts the launch, but realizes that he overstepped his authority and moves swiftly to protect himself. Connell, overwhelmed by recent events and unable to accept Maddie's death and his responsibility for it, breaks down. 
Connell spends the next two weeks in a deep depression, coming to terms with his new powers and supposed responsibilities. He believes that Madeline died because he wasn't conscious when the Star Brand came to him and was therefore unable to control its power in that precious moment, and that her father and his officers all died because he was only half-conscious (still in shock over Madeline's death), not limiting the Star Brand with conscious control. He decides that its time for him to "wake up" and focus on his powers. Over the past two weeks, he became aware of energy fields, particularly the one belonging to Izanami's TV, which he described as glowing ""like how mint tastes"". And after an explosion outside of Izanami's workplace, seemingly unwittingly caused by another superhuman (who was notably mentally unstable), he believes that nothing is coincidental anymore, and that he needs to get involved with the world. At the site of the explosion, Connell sees a pillar of energy where the detonation occurred, and figures out that it was caused by another superhuman. Thinking that whoever it was like him, that his power was triggered and he couldn't control it, he decides that they need to follow his energy trail and speak to him.
At the end of "newuniversal: shockfront" #2, both Connell and Izanami decide that they need to get away from the explosion site, and go to a restaurant to have a coffee. There, Izanami explains how she knew about him and what happened to his girlfriend, that she had "watched" his dreams to make sure that he was going to be okay. It was in the restaurant that they witnessed Jack Magniconte accidentally killing an opposing player in a televised football game.
Previous Wielders of the Star Brand.
Lester Robbins.
An earlier White Event occurred in the year 1959, creating that era's incarnations of the Justice, Cipher and Star Brand. Lester Robbins was granted the Star brand glyph, but he either did not fully understand the power he was granted, or he was too afraid of it to use it.
Lester Robbins was living in San Francisco when he gained the glyph, and was soon named "the man who wasn't there" by Project Spitfire. Lester was an emotionally and mentally unbalanced individual, though it is not known if the White Event caused the mental imbalance or if it was a pre-existing condition. The NSA became aware of Robbin when he teleported into the bedroom of then President Eisenhower, to compliment him on how he was handling Korea. That said, Lester's mental condition was not a dangerous one: he was deeply devoted to the American dream, and to using his powers to teleport all around the world, 
Over the next six years Lester traveled the world, presumably because he initially wanted simply to travel but after meeting Veronica Kelly it was because he didn't want to return to the U.S. Over the next four years Lester and Veronica would occasionally come into conflict, all the while Veronica attempted to convince Lester that he wasn't doing what he was supposed to be doing. Lester refused to act responsibly with his powers, continuing to travel the world and keep out of the U.S., delivering presents to American troops overseas and attending (uninvited) the wedding of Joe Dimaggio and Marilyn Monroe. Having no stomach for the constant conflict, Lester stays out of the U.S. returning only occasionally, always to be confronted by Veronica (how she knew when and where he teleported into the U.S. is unknown). Eventually Veronica's words sway him from his path, their conflict ending in 1957 when Lester decides to go to Veronica's home, and thank her for her help in setting his life on track. The two quickly fall in love and two years later they have a baby boy in 1959.
Lester's and Veronica's conflicts had been monitored by the NSA's division Project Spitfire, who took no action against them since they technically hadn't broken any laws, and their conflict did not cause injury or death to innocent bystanders (they routinely caused massive environmental damage in remote locations). That said, Project Spitfire agent Philip L. Voight advised that they should kill all known superhumans before they caused the eventual extinction of the human race. Vioght argued that superhumans represented the next evolutionary step, as far removed from humans as humans are from apes. Further, he argued that Lester and Veronica were locked into Darwinian evolutionary imperatives that forced them to engage in primitive territorial disputes over their four year conflict, theorizing that their romantic behavior was actually indicative of a strange kind of "mating ritual". Fearing that Anthony Stark, the Cipher of that era, might clash with Lester for Kelly affections (since she was the only known superhuman female), Voight convinced the head of Project Spitfire that any and all superhumans needed to be killed, otherwise their conflicts might eventually escalate in violence that would cause the death of bystanders, but that if they ever bred then it signaled the eventual extinction of the human race as the superhuman race competed for resources.
Relying on subtle tactics, Voight created a plan to isolate and kill the three superhumans. Stark was shot in the back of the head, after being lured to the Naval Base San Diego to debrief him on his escape from North Korea. In an effort to see how solid their relationship was, Voight ordered an NSA operative to seduce Lester, presumably wanting plant evidence of his affair in order to cause a breakup. However, Veronica immediately knows that Lester had cheated on her when he returned home, seeing his guilt within his aura. Lester runs away from Veronica's anger at his affair, but isn't followed. Fearing the Kelly will somehow see the intentions of any agent sent to kill her in the same way she saw Lester's guilt, Voight secretly poisons Veronica's food at a local restaurant without the kitchen staff noticing. Veronica, realizing that she had been poisoned moments after, tracks Voight and his team outside and is able to kill Voight's fellow agents before succumbing to the poison. After her death, Voight send's Lester a letter in Veronica's name, asking him to come home. Lester notices that something was wrong seconds before the bomb Voight planted at his house detonates. Voight murders Lester's newborn son in his crib, shooting him in the head, considering even him to be too dangerous to live.
Starr the Slayer.
The first White Event occurred in the year 2,689BCE, creating that era's incarnations of the four primary superhumans (Justice, Nightmask, Cipher, Star Brand). Starr the Slayer is granted the Star Brand.
The "" one-shot, set in 2689BCE (some years after the first failed White Event), introduces the first wielder of the Star brand glyph, Starr the Slayer. Some years after the first White Event, "conqueror" presents Starr as the king of Zardath, the Shining City, allied with that era's incarnation of Nightmask, Cipher, and Justice named Trull, Baneth, and Ukru respectively.
Due to the nature of the time, the Star Brand is viewed as great magical weapon granted to Starr by the "sky gods", what they call the aliens that attempt to aid them. Starr is filled with a profound sense that something is wrong in his city, patiently awaiting the arrival of others with abilities. It is revealed that Trull has betrayed him and had been torturing and mutating any superhuman that arrived in Zardath, pitting them against Starr as "monsters" that attacked the city. In order to accomplish this, Trull had taken over the mind of Ukru and selectively erased his memory and ability to fight him, thereby preventing his crimes from coming to light. 
The aliens that communicate with them via the superflow, members of the "Divudian Queendom," located in "superattenuated reality 228 (reparadigmed)", have been attempting to contact Starr for some time in order to warn him of Trull's betrayal. The aliens, worried that they were going to fail, forced Baneth to create a device with which to communicate with him. But before their message could be heard completely, Trull interfered by dominating the mind of a nearby guard and forced him to destroy the machine. The aliens, their hands forced by Trull, traveled back in time and altered the original White Event to grant a woman named Gila superhuman powers (mainly telepathy) with the sole purpose of communication their warning to Starr. Trull was able to fight against them by abducting Gila and mutating her, but his efforts failed when Gila was able to write her warning just before Starr killed her, thinking her another monster.
Elements of the origin and purpose of the Star Brand are alluded to throughout "conqueror", namely that the White Event was meant to create a large population of superhumans that would enable their world to transition safely into the paradigm shift caused by the newuniversal web. The story is crucial to the development of the dangerous situation Kenneth Connell finds himself in as the current wielder of the Star Brand, because "conqueror" showed that it is highly possible for the wielders of the Star Brand (and the other glyphs) to fail in their jobs to protect their world.

</doc>
<doc id="20196348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196348" title="Charles Gabriel Morel d'Escures">
Charles Gabriel Morel d'Escures

Charles Gabriel Morel d'Escures (3 January 1751, Alençon – 13 July 1786, Baie des Français, Lituya, Alaska) was a French navigator and explorer and a member of the La Pérouse expedition (1 August 1785 to 13 July 1786) and of the Académie de Marine.
Life.
Training at the Ecole royale de Marine (1773–1775), he fought in several campaigns from 1776 to 1783 and held his last command on the "la Dorade" (decommissioned in 1783).
Lieutenant de vaisseau from 14 April 1781, he received the ordre de Saint-Louis on 1 June 1783. On 13 May 1785, the comte d'Hector chose Morel d'Escures, to oversee the works on and arming of the "Portefaix" (later the "Boussole"), and would embark on that ship as ensign. He died trying to negotiate the passage of the bay of Lituya.

</doc>
<doc id="20196369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196369" title="Honno (press)">
Honno (press)

Honno is a Welsh women's press, based in Aberystwyth, which is run as an independent co-operative. The press concentrates solely on publishing writing by the women of Wales, with the twin aims of increasing publication opportunities for Welsh women and expanding the audience for Welsh women's writing. In 2006, Dai Smith, chair of the Arts Council of Wales, praised Honno's "terrific work in bringing women’s literature back into print". Luned Meredith, one of the founders, claimed in the press's 21st anniversary year of 2008 that Honno had made "a significant contribution to the changing social conscience which has given prominence to the woman's voice".
The press was started by a group of volunteers, and had 400 shareholders within six months of its establishment. Honno has received financial support from the Welsh Books Council and the European Union. The name "Honno" is the Welsh feminine form of "that".
Publications.
The majority of titles are novels, autobiographies and short story anthologies in English; Honno also publishes some poetry, books for children and teenagers, and books in Welsh. The press's 450 authors include Lindsay Ashford, Anne Beale, Brenda Chamberlain, Gillian Clarke, Carol Ann Courtney, Amy Dillwyn, Dorothy Edwards, Menna Gallie, Mererid Hopwood, Siân James, Anne Lewis, Eiluned Lewis, Gwyneth Lewis, Catherine Merriman, Lynette Roberts, Kitty Sewell and Hilda Vaughan. The Honno's Classics series republishes books which have been out of print for many years.
Awards.
Awards won by Honno titles include the 1989 Wales Book of the Year for "Morphine and Dolly Mixtures" by Carol Ann Courtney, which was later made into a film for television. "Luminous and Forlorn" (1994), Honno's first short story anthology, won the Raymond Williams Prize of the Arts Council England. "Who's Afraid of the Bwgan-wood?" by Anne Lewis won the Welsh Books Council's Tir na n-Og Award for Best Children's Title in English in 1996. "Not Singing Exactly" by Siân James won the 1997 Wales Book of the Year. Honno books have also reached the shortlists of several recent awards, including the Theakston's Old Peculier Crime Novel of the Year Award 2006 for Lindsay Ashford's "Strange Blood"; and the Wales Book of the Year 2006 and Crime Writers' Association New Blood Dagger 2006 for Kitty Sewell's "Ice Trap".

</doc>
<doc id="20196372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196372" title="M114 bomb">
M114 bomb

The M114 bomb was a four pound U.S. anti-personnel bomb and biological cluster bomb sub-munition. The M114 was used in the M33 cluster bomb.
History.
The M114 was a sub-munition for the M33 cluster bomb, as such, it was the first standardized U.S. biological weapon in 1952. The M114 was an improved version of a British World War II-era bomblet that was designed to disperse anthrax.
Specifications.
The M114 was similar to a pipe bomb, it had a 21 inch tube with a diameter of 1⅝ inches. 108 M114s were clustered into the M33 cluster bomb; each had its own detonator and was ejected from the M33 while the bomb was still aloft. Each M114 held 320 milliliters of "Brucella suis".

</doc>
<doc id="20196387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196387" title="Honno">
Honno

The word Honno can refer to several things, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20196395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196395" title="Lorie Tarshis">
Lorie Tarshis

Lorie Tarshis (22 March 1911–4 October 1993) was a Canadian economist who taught mostly at Stanford University. He is credited with writing the first introductory textbook that brought Keynesian thinking into American university classrooms, the 1947 "The Elements of Economics." The work swiftly lost popularity after it was charged with excessive sympathy to communism by McCarthyist activists. Instead, the 1948 "Economics" by Paul Samuelson brought the Keynesian revolution to the United States.
Tarshis was born in Toronto and received a bachelor's degree from the University of Toronto and master's and doctoral degrees in economics from Trinity College, Cambridge.
He came to the United States in 1936 as an instructor at Tufts University near Boston. He worked for the War Production Board in World War II and then became an operations analyst for the United States Army Air Forces at bomber commands in Libya, Tunisia and Italy.
He began teaching at Stanford in 1946, rising from assistant to associate to full professor.
Dr. Tarshis headed the department of economics at Stanford intermittently from 1950 to 1970. He then joined the faculty of Scarborough College, part of the University of Toronto system, and remained there until 1978 as a professor of economics. Until 1988 he was a professor and acting chairman of the department of economics at York University in Ontario.
He died in a Toronto nursing home of Parkinson's disease at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="20196396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196396" title="Juan Asenjo Pelegrina">
Juan Asenjo Pelegrina

Juan José Asenjo Pelegrina (born 15 October 1945) is the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Seville, since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 5 November 2009.
He went into the seminary studying theology and philosophy. He was ordained a priest on 21 September 1969. In 1971 he received a licentiate in theology at the Theological Faculty of Burgos. From 1977 to 1979 he attended courses for a doctorate in Church history at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome. He also holds the Diploma in Archives and Library Science at the Vatican Library and archiving the Vatican Secret Archives.
He served as professor of ecclesiology and history of the Church in his home diocese at the Sigüenza seminary from 1971-1974. He also held the positions of vice-rector of the seminary (1974–1977), director of the university residence "Ntra. Sra. De la Estrella" on Sigüenza (1979–1988 ), director of the diocesan archive (1979–1981), diocesan director for education (1980–1982), Canon in charge of the artistic heritage (1985–1997), diocesan director for cultural heritage 1985-1993), vice rector the sanctuary of "Nuestra Señora de la Salud" of Barbatona (1994–1997). From 1993 to 1997 he held the office of Under Secretary of the Episcopal Conference. In 1986 he founded and directed the magazine Abside and is the author of several publications.
On 27 February 1997 Pope John Paul II appointed him Titular Bishop of Iziriana and Auxiliary Bishop of Toledo, and received episcopal consecration on 20 April that year. From 1998 to 2003, he was Secretary General of the Spanish Episcopal Conference.
Pope John Paul appointed him as Bishop of Córdoba on 28 July 2003, and Pope Benedict Coadjutor Archbishop of Seville on 13 November 2008, and he became Archbishop of Seville on 5 November 2009, when Pope Benedict accepted the resignation of his predecessor, Cardinal Carlos Amigo Vallejo.[http://212.77.1.245/news_services/bulletin/news/24608.php?index=24608&lang=en]

</doc>
<doc id="20196427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196427" title="Tonight (Jay Sean song)">
Tonight (Jay Sean song)

"Tonight" is a single by British R&B artist Jay Sean. The single was released on 18 January 2009 (iTunes) and 26 January 2009 (CD single), but the music video for the single was released much earlier, on 17 November 2008. The single is the fourth and final single from his second album "My Own Way".
History.
On 15 October 2008, Jay Sean announced that he had signed with American Hip-Hop label Cash Money Records, on the back scene at MOBO Awards. Jay explained "“It’s always been a dream for me to sign to an American label. And it’s great to be accepted by the best in the game.”"
The single includes a remix featuring rapper Lil Wayne, as Cash Money Records is releasing a remix in order to introduce Jay Sean to the American market. However the remix was canceled, and Sean recorded a new single for the American market called "Down" featuring Lil' Wayne.
"My Own Way: Deluxe Edition" was released on 16 February 2009 in the U.K. was set for release in the U.S., however the idea has been shelved and Jay Sean is working on a new album for the American market. The lead single is "Tonight" which was released on 26 January 2009. The album also has 2 additional songs, "Never Been In Love" and "I'm Gone", and 4 additional remixes.
On 21 April 2009, Harj D released a remix for "Tonight", called "Tonight (XS-Bass Remix)". The remix is the first exclusive remix after XS-BASS latest album "Amplified" which came out in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20196444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196444" title="Steel Ashes">
Steel Ashes

Steel Ashes is a crime novel by the American writer Karen Rose Cercone set in 1905 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of two deaths as the result of a tenement fire. The case of these two immigrants is investigated by detective Milo Kachigan and Helen Sorby, a tireless social worker.

</doc>
<doc id="20196446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196446" title="Dungan">
Dungan

Dungan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20196459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196459" title="Robert Hough">
Robert Hough

Robert Hough (born 1963, Toronto) is a Canadian author. Hough graduated from Queen's University at Kingston in 1985. Following a career as a free-lance magazine journalist, Hough published his first novel titled "The Final Confession of Mabel Stark", in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20196461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196461" title="List of Governors of Edo State">
List of Governors of Edo State

<onlyinclude>This is a list of administrators and governors of Edo State, Nigeria, which was formed in 27 August 1991 when the former Bendel State was divided into Edo State and Delta State.
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20196464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196464" title="Chechen State University">
Chechen State University

Chechen State University (Russian: Чеченский государственный университет) is a university located in Grozny, Chechnya, Russia. The school is home to the North Caucasian Centre of Pedagogics. The university traces its roots back to 1938.
History.
Soviet period.
Chechen State University, formerly Grozney University, saw a surge of development between 1970 and 1980. Botanical gardens were built in the mountainous areas of the Chechen Republic. Technologies developed at the university were used in aviation design for Tupolev, and many of the university's scientific discoveries were displayed at the All-Union Agricultural Exhibition of the USSR and at international exhibitions. Regional scientific conferences were held on campus, including the All-Union Agricultural Exhibition.
After the Chechen War.
Military activity in the Chechen Republic during the Second Chechen War interrupted the development of Grozny University and destroyed several buildings. The university began restoration soon after the end of military operations and classes resumed in April 2000. Classrooms, laboratories, reading rooms and the scientific library were repaired. A new sports centre was one of the last projects to be completed. Much of the work was carried out by students and employees.
Over 800 instructors currently work at the school's campus. Chechen State University is a large scientific and educational centre for the Chechen Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20196499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196499" title="Pierre Sabbagh">
Pierre Sabbagh

Pierre Sabbagh (18 July 1918 – 30 September 1994) was a major personality in French television, as a journalist, producer and director.
Pierre Alain Sabbagh was born in Lannion (Côtes-d'Armor) and died in Paris. He was the younger son of the artist Georges Hanna Sabbagh and the art historian and resistance heroine Agnès Humbert. His brother was naval officer Jean Sabbagh.
Television.
Pierre Sabbagh became a war correspondent in the hope of finding his mother Agnès in World War II. He had visited her in Fresnes Prison and the Prison de la Santé in 1942, a few days before she was deported by the Nazis, sentenced to slave labour in Germany. In 1944, he travelled into Germany behind the advancing American army, but did not find her until he returned to Paris in 1945.
Pierre Sabbagh presented and directed the first television news in the world on 29 June 1949.
His greatest success was the creation, in 1966, of the programme ""Au théâtre ce soir"" ("Tonight in the Theatre") following a strike on French television and the success of a Belgian television comedy called ""La Bonne planque"", which provoked the appetite of the public for this kind of programme: over 300 plays were produced in the series. To his credit also is the first audiovisual game which reunited France of the 1960s in front of the black-and-white screen: ""L'Homme du XXe siècle"" ("Man of the 20th Century"), a game of general cultural questions which went on for many years and which finished with the final ""Super homme du XXe siècle"" ("Superman of the 20th Century") which brought together all the previous winners of whom the comedian, Robert Manuel, beat a professor of complementary medicine, Georges Rivault.
He was Director-General of the television network France 2 between September 1971 and July 1972.
His wife was the French television presenter and actress Catherine Langeais.

</doc>
<doc id="20196500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196500" title="Thomas Courtenay, 14th Earl of Devon">
Thomas Courtenay, 14th Earl of Devon

Sir Thomas Courtenay, 6th Earl of Devon (1432–1461) was the eldest son of Thomas de Courtenay, 5th Earl of Devon by Margaret Beaufort, the royal blooded daughter of John Beaufort, Earl of Somerset and Margaret Holland, daughter of Thomas Holland, Earl of Kent.
Thomas Courtenay was aged 26 years when his father died during the first phase of the Wars of the Roses. On 19 December 1459 he was appointed Keeper of Exmoor Forest, as his father had been before him. The Courtenay family held extensive lands throughout Devon, and were one of the greatest landowners in the south-west, comparable only to the Paulet family; the later Earls of Winchester. Thomas was a staunch adherent of the House of Lancaster, as was the family tradition, until his father's feud with William Bonville. Thomas was a leading exponent of violent conflagration, leading the raid on the house at Upcott, and subsequent murder of the respected lawyer, Nicholas Radford. He took, with his brother, internecine warfare to new levels of brutality. His subsequent adherence to Queen Margaret's affinity was his undoing. Despite all he was appointed as Keeper of Exmoor Forest in 1459. Devon's decision was advised by his dislike of Bonville, who sought Warwick's patronage. He was fighting alongside John Beaufort in the northern army and was defeated at the "bloodiest battle on English soil" at Towton, where he was taken prisoner.
He was beheaded on the orders of Edward IV on 3 April 1461 at York. He was attainted by Parliament, in which document his family forfeited their earldom and barony of Courtenay and their possessions. His younger brother Henry was given the manor of Topsham in Devon on 27 July 1461, in compensation for these forfeitures. Henry himself was executed in 1468.

</doc>
<doc id="20196504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196504" title="Porongos River">
Porongos River

The Porongos River is a river in Uruguay.
Location.
It is situated in Flores Department. 
The city of Trinidad, Uruguay is close by. On Route 14, circa 8 km from Trinidad, the 'Don Ricardo' bathing area on the banks of the Porongos River has amenities maintained by the local municipality.
Fluvial system.
The Porongos River is a tributary of the Yi River. Rising in a range of hills known as the Cuchilla Grande, the river mainly runs from south to north, for a distance of 67 km.
Name.
The river has given its name to a local football club, based in Trinidad, Uruguay, given the city's proximity.

</doc>
<doc id="20196506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196506" title="Isle of Man Air Services">
Isle of Man Air Services

Isle of Man Air Services Ltd (IoMAS) was a small airline, based at Ronaldsway Airport Isle of Man, which operated scheduled flights to the English and Scottish mainland between formation in September 1937 and nationalisation in January 1947.
Formation.
Railway Air Services (RAS) had operated scheduled services to the Isle of Man from 20 August 1934. From 15 April 1935, the operating name used for RAS services to the island was "The Manx Airway". Olley Air Services, founded by Captain Gordon P.Olley, had formed a company named "Isle of Man Air Services Ltd" on 21 January 1935 with a share capital of £1,000. In September 1937, IoMAS was reconstructed and enlarged and the capital increased to £75,000. The three companies involved each contributed £25,000: Olley Air Services Ltd, the London Midland & Scottish Railway and the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company.
Prewar operations.
The newly created airline began scheduled operations on 26 September 1937 using an ex-RAS fleet of six De Havilland Dragon Rapides and one De Havilland Dragon. The initial frequency was two return services each weekday over the Manchester-Liverpool-Blackpool-Isle of Man route, plus one daily return service Liverpool-Isle of Man-Belfast. IoMAS flights to Manchester initially served Manchester (Barton) Aerodrome.
Following the completion of the larger and better laid-out Manchester (Ringway) Airport, IoMAS services switched to the new airport from 26 July 1938. Scheduled services by Isle of Man Air Services ceased temporarily at the outbreak of war.
Operations in World War Two.
IoMAS were permitted to resume a limited schedule of flights from 20 November 1939 serving the Isle of Man-Liverpool and Isle of Man-Belfast routes. However, the Belfast flights were soon suspended as a result of Government Orders prohibiting civil air traffic between the IoM and Northern Ireland. The Associated Airways Joint Committee (AAJC) was set up on 5 May 1940 to co-ordinate the air services of the seven UK internal airlines involved, including IoMAS. Services were suspended during the Dunkirk evacuation in mid/late May, but the civil aircraft were not used to repatriate troops because of the vulnerability of the unarmed aircraft. The limited services to the IoM were resumed on 3 June. On these and other UK services, Government and military passengers had priority over normal traffic.
Postwar operations.
IoMAS services gradually returned to a more normal pattern during 1946, and from 15 April, the airline's fleet of four Dragon Rapides operated seven return flights to Liverpool on weekdays. During the peak summer period, the airline also operated two return services each weekday from Ronaldsway to each of Blackpool, Carlisle, Glasgow and Manchester. The Belfast route was resumed on 12 November.
The Civil Aviation Act 1946 created a nationally-owned British European Airways (BEA) on 1 August 1946. The AAJC companies, including IoMAS were permitted to continue operating their UK routes until 1 February 1947, when BEA took over the aircraft, staff and routes of the four remaining airlines, including IoMAS, which then ceased to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="20196509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196509" title="Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986">
Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986

Belgium was present at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, held in Bergen, Norway. 
The Belgian national final to select their entry, "Eurovision '86", was held on 2 March at the RTBF-TV Studios in Brussels, and was hosted by Patrick Duhamel. The winning song was decided by the following formula: 50% of the final tabulation would come from 12 "music experts" and 50% would come from 500 random Belgians polled to make up a fair segment of the Belgian population.
For 1986 (like in other even-numbered years), the Walloon broadcaster in Belgium, Radio télévision belge de la communauté française (RTBF), took responsibility for Eurovision song selection. As a result, all of the competing songs for 1986 were sung in French.
The winning entry was "J'aime la vie," performed by Sandra Kim, composed by Jean Paul Furnémont and Angelo Crisci, with lyrics written by Rosario Marino.
National final.
Only the winner was announced at the end of the final. The winner is shown in Gold and bold.
At Eurovision.
Sandra Kim performed thirteenth on the night of the Contest, following Ireland and preceding Germany. At the close of the voting the song had received 176 points, placing 1st in a field of 20 competing countries. It was the first win for Belgium in the Contest, something they have not been able to replicate since.

</doc>
<doc id="20196515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196515" title="Sawsan Gabra Ayoub Khalil">
Sawsan Gabra Ayoub Khalil

Sawsan Gabra Ayoub Khalil is an Egyptian Christian civil engineer who is actively involved in projects advancing Arab-West and Muslim-Christian understanding. Sawsan Gabra is co-founder of Arab-West Report. AWR was previously called Religious News Service from the Arab World (RNSAW) (1997), and in 2005 founded the Center for Intercultural Dialogue and Translation (CIDT). Sawsan Gabra Ayoub Khalil also co-founded and first chaired the Center for Arab-West Understanding (CAWU). All three organizations are based in Cairo, Egypt.
Life.
Sawsan Gabra Ayoub Khalil was born to a Coptic Orthodox family in 1963 in Alexandria, Egypt. She studied civil engineering at the University of Alexandria, Egypt, and after her marriage with Cornelis Hulsman in Alexandria in 1988 she went to the Netherlands and studied at the University of Delft. She lived in the Netherlands from 1988 to 1994, became involved in intercultural and interfaith dialogue when she returned to Egypt with her husband.
After returning to Egypt, Sawsan Gabra discovered that several Western media and activists had misrepresented incidents involving Muslim-Christian relations in Egypt, and felt that Egyptian opinions had to be translated to show different views to a Western public. As a result, in 1997, she co-founded the Religious News Service from the Arab-World (RNSAW), predecessor of Arab-West Report.
Sawsan Gabra formed the selection criteria for Arab-West Report On a daily basis Sawsan selects articles for translation and coordinates this with the translators and editors. She is also a member of the editorial board of Arab-West Report and provides analytical input for articles written for Arab-West Report.
In 2004 Sawsan Gabra became chair of the founders founding the Center for Arab-West Understanding as an Egyptian non-government organization (NGO). The procedure took much time but her work was rewarded in January 2008 with the recognition of the NGO by the Egyptian Ministry of Social Solidarity. Due to the delays in founding the NGO, she founded the civil company Center for Intercultural Dialogue and Translation, which has been providing translation and editing services for the weekly Arab-West Report since January 1, 2006.
Sawsan Gabra participated in several investigative reports whereby her Coptic Orthodox background facilitated contacts with Orthodox priests, bishops and organizations. She has contributed to interpreting events from the Egyptian context. She assisted the Anglican scholar Father Dr. John Watson in his research for his publication 'The Transfigured Cross; A Study of Father Bīshūy Kāmil,' and Coptologist Dr. Otto Meinardus in several of his studies.
Sawsan Gabra led in April 2008 the formulation of an Egyptian petition with Egyptian Christian and Muslim leaders and intellectuals against the film 'Fitna' by Dutch Member of Parliament Geert Wilders which was sent to the chair of the Dutch Parliament.
Sawsan Gabra Ayoub Khalil has served as 'World Servants' country coordinator for Egypt since 1997, and coordinates 'World Servants' youth visits to Egypt for cultural exchange. In her professional work it is important to her to use one standard in dealing with people of all religions and convictions.

</doc>
<doc id="20196516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196516" title="Jerry Mercer">
Jerry Mercer

Gerald "Jerry" Mercer (born April 27, 1939 in Newfoundland) is a Canadian rock drummer, best known for his work with the groups Mashmakhan and April Wine.
Personal life.
Prior to becoming a full-time musician, Mercer worked both as a cattle farmer and as an IBM computer programmer.
Music career.
Mercer's start in the music industry was as a singer, but quickly moved to drums while still a teenager. He played several different styles in his early years, including Latin and jazz, before becoming a member of a Montreal-based band known as The Triangle, who later changed their name to Mashmakhan upon obtaining a record deal in Toronto. Mercer's work can be heard on the band's most successful single "As the Years Go By". As part of Mashmakhan, Mercer played on the "Festival Express" tour and was interviewed for the 2003 documentary.
Following Mashmakhan's dissolution in the early 1970s, Mercer played for Roy Buchanan, and then The Wackers, before joining April Wine, who were in the process of changing their line-up following the departure of two founding members in 1973. His first public performance with the band was as an opening slot for T. Rex and Three Dog Night at Toronto's Exhibition Stadium. Shortly thereafter he completed his first album with the band, "Electric Jewels", which contained the hit "Weeping Widow". Mercer has remained with the band consistently since joining, and has played on all their subsequent albums and tours. In November 2008, he stated that he was retiring at the end of the year. He was replaced by Blair Mackay in January 2009. In May 2010, Mercer became the first Canadian to receive a Legends Award at the 10th annual Cape Breton International Drum Festival.
In his live shows, Mercer is known for lengthy drum solos (often during April Wine's cover of King Crimson's "21st Century Schizoid Man") which frequently include a strobe light show.
In addition to performing, Mercer was also involved in manufacturing drums with a company he co-founded with Bill Hibbs called "Monolith Drums". Briefly assuming the brand name "Solstice Drums", now back to Monolith and about to celebrate 20 years of drum making.
Health.
In 1997, Mercer was diagnosed with prostate cancer, but finished treatment for it the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="20196517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196517" title="Claus Sendlinger">
Claus Sendlinger

Claus Sendlinger is CEO & President of Design Hotels AG (Börse München: LBA), a publicly traded hospitality services company representing a network of more than 170 independently owned hotels in 40 countries. The firm maintains offices in London, Barcelona, New York City, Singapore, Bali, Tokyo and Perth in addition to its headquarters in Berlin.
Biography.
Born in Augsburg, Germany, in 1963, Sendlinger began his career in event planning and PR for hotels and clubs. In 1987 he founded CO-ORDINATES GmbH, an incentives and events agency. This formed the basis for the foundation of lebensart global networks AG as a marketing and technology provider for the hospitality industry based in Germany. 
In 2002, Condé Nast Traveler named Sendlinger in their Top 50 list of world tourism experts, in the category of most creative and innovative international tourism entrepreneurs.

</doc>
<doc id="20196519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196519" title="Aleksei Maklakov">
Aleksei Maklakov

Aleksei Konstantinovich Maklakov (; born 6 January 1962 in Novosibirsk, USSR) is a Russian actor and singer. Well known in Russia for his current starring role as Praporshchik Shmatko on the REN TV series "Soldiers".

</doc>
<doc id="20196558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196558" title="Maximum medical improvement">
Maximum medical improvement

Maximum medical improvement (MMI) occurs when an injured employee reaches a state where his or her condition cannot be improved any further or when a treatment plateau in a person’s healing process is reached. It can mean that the patient has fully recovered from the injury or that the patient’s medical condition has stabilized to the point that no major medical or emotional change can be expected in the injured workers’ condition. At that point, no further healing or improvement is deemed possible and this occurs despite continuing medical treatment or rehabilitative programs the injured worker partakes in. When a worker who is receiving Workers' Compensation benefits reaches maximum medical improvement, his or her condition is assessed and a degree of permanent or partial impairment is determined. This degree will impact the amount of benefits the worker is able to receive.
Maximum medical improvement means that treatment options have been exhausted. Temporary disability payments are terminated and a settlement is worked out regarding the condition of the worker at this point.

</doc>
<doc id="20196559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196559" title="Sarpani Garpa">
Sarpani Garpa

Sarpani Garpa is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3721 people living in 647 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196561" title="Convention of Aguascalientes">
Convention of Aguascalientes

The Convention of Aguascalientes was a major meeting that took place during the Mexican Revolution. 
The call for the Convention was issued on 1 October 1914 by Venustiano Carranza, head of the Constitutional Army, who described it as the "Gran Convención de Jefes militares con mando de fuerzas y gobernadores de los Estados" ("Great Convention of Commanding Military Chiefs and State Governors").
Its first sessions were held in the Chamber of Deputies in Mexico City, but were later transferred to the city of Aguascalientes, whence its name, where it met from 10 October to 9 November 1914.
Background.
General Victoriano Huerta, who had usurped the presidency in a coup d'état in February 1913, resigned the office in July 1914 on account of Revolutionary pressures and left the country. 
He was replaced by Venustiano Carranza, who wished to discuss his government's policies with the other revolutionary leaders, and so called for the Convention to take place. But, faced with the absence of the Zapatistas (who did not recognise Carranza's authority) and the refusal of Francisco Villa to attend a meeting in Mexico City, it was agreed to relocate the Convention to Aguascalientes, Ags.
Convention.
The convention was intended to settle the differences between the "big four" warlords who played the biggest roles in overthrowing Huerta: Pancho Villa, Emiliano Zapata, Venustiano Carranza and Alvaro Obregon. From the onset, however, the Convention was dominated by the Villistas, who imposed their points of view on the other delegates. 
The supporters of Emiliano Zapata did not arrive until 26 October (a delegation of 26, led by Paulino Martínez and Antonio Díaz Soto y Gama). The Convention declared itself sovereign, elected General Eulalio Gutiérrez Ortiz as President of Republic, and appointed Villa commander of the Conventionalist Army, which then took up arms against Carranza's Constitutionalists. Due to the disagreements that Carranza had with Zapata and Villa, the three refused to attend the convention and little developed as a result. 
After the meeting, the newly reconciled Villa and Zapata entered Mexico City on 6 December, at the head of an army of 60,000 men. Carranza and his supporters consequently fled to Veracruz.

</doc>
<doc id="20196565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196565" title="Sibaratha">
Sibaratha

Sibaratha is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4372 people living in 749 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196568" title="Siddheswar">
Siddheswar

Siddheswar is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3715 people living in 604 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196573" title="André Gusperti">
André Gusperti

André Gusperti (born October 14, 1973) is an Italian former swimmer. He was a world class butterfly swimmer during the 1990s.
Biography.
He began swimming in "Rari Nantes Trento" and later joined "Fiamme Gialle" (the Athletic Team of Guardia di Finanza). During the nineties Gusperti competed in several international events. He swam in the winning 4x100 m medley relay at the 1997 Mediterranean Games (Merisi, Fioravanti, A. Gusperti, Rosolino). He participated to the world swimming championship in Perth 1998. He is the brother of René Gusperti, another renowned former Italian swimmer.

</doc>
<doc id="20196576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196576" title="Sinwang">
Sinwang

Sinwang is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3012 people living in 538 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196583" title="Suikot">
Suikot

Suikot is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4384 people living in 773 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196586" title="The Towers School">
The Towers School

The Towers School and Sixth Form Centre is an academy school in Faversham Road, Kennington, Ashford, Kent. The school has around 1400 students, with a further 400 in sixth form. The current headteacher is Graham Ralph; the first headteacher was Geoff Foster.
The school has 4 learning communities named after notable Ashford residents:
The school houses The Towers Retail Outlet and The LRC. It also houses Ashford Enterprise Centre, Learndirect and Pitman Training.

</doc>
<doc id="20196588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196588" title="Disaster Risk Management in East Asia">
Disaster Risk Management in East Asia

Disaster Risk Management in East Asia
EAP DRM Team placement within EAP Region's Activities
The East Asia Sustainable Development Department (EASSD) has delegated the Urban Development Sector Unit (EASUR) as the focal point for disaster risk management (DRM) coordination in the region. EASUR contains a small team to coordinate and support all DRM work across the region.
The DRM team has run a cohesive program over the past year and has developed a business plan for the region that will become the regional strategy. The team has also 1) delivered an effective knowledge and learning program, 2) begun drafting standard operating procedures (SOPs) for emergency response, and 3) maintained a regional quick response team (QRT) for emergency events, and a cross-sectoral virtual network of regional staff.
The DRM team is now managing US$8 million in trust fund resources from the GFDRR, which funds AAA work and technical assistance programs at the country and regional levels. An additional US$1.5 million has been allocated for China and US$1.5 million has been allocated for Myanmar; these funds are managed by members of the DRM virtual network.
Knowledge and Learning in EAP DRM
The EAP DRM team has been implementing a ‘knowledge and learning’ program. So far the program has created and maintained an EAP DRM internal website. It has also run a successful training session collaboratively with the South Asia region in Bangkok (April '08). Based on feedback from the Bank staff training, it was suggested that training sessions on specific issues be created to target a broader audience and to leverage experiences from other regions. GDLN can help us reach a broader audience (especially non-Bank staff), and at the same time make sure training is not seen as a one-off event, but a continuous process.
The Global Facility for Disaster Reduction and Recovery (GFDRR) is in the process of developing a 3 year learning program on disaster risk management targeting EAP and SAR–including Damage and Loss Assessment and Disaster Risk Assessment, Mitigation, and Financing. Cross regional work experience sharing will also be useful going forward especially from more experienced regions like ECA and SAR. For example, ground level experiences of implementing Bank financed risk reduction and risk finance projects (from task teams, local governments, relevant ministries, technical institutions, etc.) can be shared with EAP countries and Bank staff during the process of its strategic transition toward risk reduction and risk finance projects.
References.
World Bank website for Hazard Risk Management in EAP

</doc>
<doc id="20196589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196589" title="Syanikhal">
Syanikhal

Syanikhal is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3711 people living in 680 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196593" title="Tharmare">
Tharmare

Tharmare is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5998 people living in 994 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196595" title="Tribeni, Rapti">
Tribeni, Rapti

Tribeni, Rapti is a village development committee in Salyan District in the Rapti Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3789 people living in 710 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196609" title="Arnold Green">
Arnold Green

Arnold Green may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20196612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196612" title="Baraha (disambiguation)">
Baraha (disambiguation)

Baraha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20196615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196615" title="Château de Padiès">
Château de Padiès

The Château de Padiès is a mansion built on the site of a former castle, located in the outskirts of the village of Lempaut in the "département" of Tarn in southern France.
The Château de Padiès is a unique Renaissance château complex set in the Lauragais, the land of Pastel — the "Pays de Cocaigne" — Cathar country and the land of the Troubadours.
The Lauragais has often been likened to Tuscany, to where the blue “pastel” produced from the woad grown here was exported in the 15th century. The architectural and cultural influences came back (perhaps in part through Queen Catherine de' Medici, whose hunting pavilion is half an hour from here) and is very evident in the Padiès “renaissance” façades with their finely carved mullioned windows populated with fantastic mythical beings, lions' heads and symbols of plenty.
The histories of Padiès firmly place it within its historic and geographic context. It has been established that the château existed at least before 1209. The Seigneurs were Cathar sympathisers and records from the Inquisition through to the 13th century are testimony to this. (The Padiès were betrayed by their miller!). During the Wars of Religion, the château was attacked and pillaged by the Protestants in 1572; the then seigneur blew himself up with the aid of a barrel of gunpowder, his wife and children were taken to nearby Puylaurens where they became Protestant. The son rebuilt Padiès in its present form…. Around a hundred years later with the revocation of the Edict of Nantes, the family reaffirmed their Catholic origins. Later, the young Emmanuel de Las Cases stayed at Padiès; he recorded his fond memories of the generous lady of the house, Marie-Claire Villèle (aunt of Jean-Baptiste de Villèle, a future minister of Louis XVIII), and the gardens populated with boxwood animal heads, espalliered grenadiers, the birds, the fireplace one could sit in…. Las Cases went on to become a general under Napoleon, and to write the "Mémorial de Ste Hélène".
The last of the Padiès were imprisoned in their château during the French Revolution. They were eventually pardonned because of their “grand old age”. They had no children. In 1800, Pierre de Padiès died leaving his property to his widow, Marie-Claire. She left the château to her family who in turn sold it to the Fabre family in 1826. Padiès remained in the Fabre family until 1992, the date of its acquisition by Denis Piel and Elaine Merkus, the new restorers.
Padiès appears to be a Toulousain "hotel particulier" transported to the countryside, yet the mass of the building and the diagonally placed towers recall the military role of the château.
As one of the three Seigneuries of Lempaut, Padiès was an integral part of village life. At the time of the Napoleonic census, forty five people lived in the immediate vicinity of the château. They built their shelters using local materials, they farmed, gardened, produced food and clothes, baked bread, killed and processed pigs and generally lived…..and loved….. in a sustainable environment.
In 1998 they received the Special 40th Anniversary VMF Marquis de Amodio Prize for the extensive work completed on the building at that time.
The owners of the Château de Padiès are building an environment to reconnect Padiès with its surroundings in a sustainable way.
Padiès was listed on the "Inventaire Supplémentaire des Monuments Historiques" (ISMH) in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="20196650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196650" title="Lekhani">
Lekhani

Lekhani may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20196652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196652" title="Ghazal Srinivas">
Ghazal Srinivas

Kesiraju Srinivas (born 14 October 1966 in Tekkali, Srikakulam district, Andhra Pradesh ), popularly known as Ghazal Srinivas, holds the Guinness world record for most languages sung.
Srinivas worked as a librarian at Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Bhimavaram and Sainik School, Korukonda for a decade before quitting. He started singing Telugu "ghazal"s in 1986. He uses the South Indian "kanjeera" frame drum as his only accompaniment.

</doc>
<doc id="20196654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196654" title="Beltar">
Beltar

Beltar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20196660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196660" title="Pokhari">
Pokhari

Pokhari may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20196694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196694" title="St. Lorenz, Nuremberg">
St. Lorenz, Nuremberg

St. Lorenz is a medieval church of the former free imperial city of Nuremberg in southern Germany. It is dedicated to Saint Lawrence. The church was badly damaged during the Second World War and later restored. It is one of the most prominent churches of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria.
The choir of the church, which is also called "St. Laurentius" in texts on Gothic Architecture, was started in 1445 by medieval master mason Konrad Roriczer. 
Organs.
The church has three organs. 

</doc>
<doc id="20196731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196731" title="Environmental space">
Environmental space

The concept of environmental space is the amount of any particular
resource that can be consumed by a country without threatening the continued
availability of that resource, assuming that everyone in the world is
entitled to an equal share. The weakness of the concept is that it requires
calculating the maximum sustainable consumption rate of each different
resource globally. This rate could be set by either the maximum sustainable
yield (say for forests or fisheries) or the assimilative capacity of the
environment (e.g. for carbon dioxide or chlorine), but both quantities are very difficult to determine, so the 'environmental space' has rather large error limits and is therefore hard to defend in policy discussions. A further difficulty is
that there is a different 'environmental space' for each kind of resource,
and as they each necessarily have different units of measure, they cannot be
added to get an overall environmental space for all the resources consumed by a country. The
idea of environmental space was promoted quite strongly by Friends of the Earth Europe in the
mid-1990s, but it is rarely used now, because of the aforementioned difficulties, and has essentially been superseded by 'ecological footprint'. The advantage of the ecological footprint is that every kind of resource use is converted to a land area basis, so that they can be added to produce an overall figure for
a country, allowing comparisons to be made.

</doc>
<doc id="20196765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196765" title="Pure London">
Pure London

Pure London is the UK’s leading fashion trade show which takes place twice a year in London Olympia. The timings of Pure ties in with the seasonal trends and buying patterns.
Pure is predominantly focused on ready to wear womenswear, and has additional sections for young fashion (spirit) and footwear and accessories.
The trade-only event presents forward-order collections from over 1,000 fashion brands, with an audience of over 12,000 UK and worldwide retailers in attendance as audited by the Audit Bureau of Circulations. It includes clothing examples and catwalk performances, fashion talks and retail advice. In addition to the brand showcases, Pure London features two stages of catwalk scenes, and a seminar programme addressing issues in fashion and retail. 
Pure London provides high street fashion retailers and independent fashion retailers with the opportunity to source trend-led, premium clothing and wholesale fashion from leading brands. As the leading London fashion trade show, it attracts over 12,000 high quality fashion buyers from independent and department stores, multiples and e-tailers. Partnering with WGSN, the fashion exhibition holds daily trend briefings for Autumn/Winter and Spring/Summer trends. The seminar programme has expanded to include advice on setting up an online store, visual merchandising and styling sessions.

</doc>
<doc id="20196786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196786" title="List of The Commander episodes">
List of The Commander episodes

The following is a list of episodes of British television series The Commander, a crime television series starring Amanda Burton which began in 2003, and continued until 2008 on ITV.
The Commander 1: Entrapment.
The series began with a one-off episode in February 2003. Only known as "The Commander" for television broadcast, it did not carry an official title until the DVD release with both episodes of "The Commander 2" in 2005. The episode gained enough viewers for two more stories to be commissioned. The other investigating officers in this episode are DCI Mike Hedges (Matthew Marsh), DCS Les Branton (Nicholas Jones), DAC Edward Sumpter (Christopher Robbie), DI Ken Miles (Tristan Gemmill), DS Brian Hall (Paul Brightwell) and DC Carol Browning (Poppy Miller).
The Commander 2: Virus.
The second installment of the series was first broadcast in 2005, broadcast back-to-back with "The Commander 3: Blackdog". The episode was released on DVD in 2005 with the release of "The Commander 1" and "The Commander 3". The same roster of characters appear in "The Commander 2", with slight changes to the cast. Thomas Lockyer takes over the role of DI Ken Miles, Pip Torrens takes over the role of DCS Les Branton, and Anthony Valentine takes over the role of DAC Edward Sumpter. Carol Browning (Poppy Miller) is also promoted to DI.
The Commander 3: Blackdog.
The third installment of the series was first broadcast in 2005, broadcast back-to-back with "The Commander 2: Virus". The episode was released on DVD in 2005 with the release of "The Commander 1" and "The Commander 2". The same roster of characters appear in "The Commander 3", with slight changes to the cast. Thomas Lockyer takes over the role of DI Ken Miles, Pip Torrens takes over the role of DCS Les Branton, and Anthony Valentine takes over the role of DAC Edward Sumpter. Carol Browning (Poppy Miller) is also promoted to DI.
The Commander 4: Blacklight.
The fourth installment of the series was first broadcast in 2006, in the form of one feature length story. "The Commander 4" has never been released on DVD in the United Kingdom, having been broadcast between the release of the first DVD set released by Contender, and the second released by Acorn Media UK who only acquired the rights in 2007. Monica Dolan joins the cast as DC Pamela Hayes, following the departure of DI Carol Browning. DCS Les Branton does also no longer appear in the series.
The Commander 5.
The fifth installment of the series was first broadcast in 2007, in the form of three separate stories each broadcast in two parts. The entire series was released on DVD in 2007 by Acorn Media UK, becoming the last series to be released on DVD in the United Kingdom. This series introduces two new characters to the cast: DCI Doug James (Mark Lewis Jones), and DC Alison Goody (Nadine Marshall), leaving Amanda Burton, Anthony Valentine and Brian Hall as the only remaining original cast members. Les Branton also makes a return to the series, this time however played by the original actor, Nicholas Jones.
The Commander 6: Abduction.
The sixth and final installment of the series was first broadcast in 2008, in the form of three separate episodes comprising one story. "Abduction" becomes the second series of "The Commander" not released on DVD in the United Kingdom. The series also introduces a further new cast: DS Matt Newton (Niall MacGregor) and DC Marion Randell (Sian Brooke), who join Amanda Burton, Anthony Valentine, Mark Lewis Jones and Paul Brightwell, whose character DS Brian Hall has been suspended from the force for gross misconduct.

</doc>
<doc id="20196794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196794" title="United States presidential election in Utah, 2008">
United States presidential election in Utah, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Utah took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 5 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Utah was won by Republican nominee John McCain by a 28.0% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. Highlighting its status as a GOP bastion, the Beehive State gave McCain one of his largest victories over Democrat Barack Obama, a near two-to-one margin. Obama did, however, manage to carry three counties, and he greatly improved on John Kerry's performance here in 2004. However, in the next election Obama would do much worse.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
McCain won every pre-election poll conducted in this state, each with a double digit margin and with at least 55% of the vote. The final 3 poll average showed McCain leading 59% to 31%.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $1,165,621 in the state. Barack Obama raised $2,121,563.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $297,645. McCain spent just $250. Neither campaign visited the state.
Analysis.
Utah is a heavily Republican state that has not voted for a Democratic presidential nominee since Lyndon B. Johnson's landslide election in 1964, and even then the margin of victory was small. The majority of the state's population is Mormon and highly conservative, especially on social issues. Utah gave George W. Bush his largest margin of victory in 2004 over John Kerry, as Bush received over 71 percent to Kerry's 26 percent and carried every county in the state. 
Although McCain easily won Utah in 2008, Obama did very well for a Democrat in this Republican stronghold. Obama was able to reduce McCain's margin of victory by narrowly winning Salt Lake County, the state's most populous county that contains the state capital of Salt Lake City, by a mere 296 votes. Obama also carried Summit County and Grand County, both of which have significantly lower Mormon populations than the rest of the state. 
Election 2008 proved to be remarkable as it was a Democratic presidential nominee's best showing in the Beehive State since 1968.
During the same election, popular incumbent Republican Governor Jon Huntsman, Jr. was reelected to a second term in a massive landslide victory, taking in 77.74 percent of the vote over Democrat Bob Springmeyer's 19.65 percent and Libertarian Dell Schanze's 2.62 percent. At the state level, however, Democrats did manage to pick up two seats in the Utah House of Representatives.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
John McCain swept all three of the state's congressional districts. 
Electors.
Technically the voters of Utah cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Utah is allocated 5 electors because it has 3 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 5 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 5 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 5 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20196814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196814" title="Jack Scott (meteorologist)">
Jack Scott (meteorologist)

John "Jack" Scott (9 November 1923, Ferryhill, County Durham – 11 November 2008) was a British television weatherman who appeared for the BBC, ITV and Channel 4 during a 20 year broadcasting career.
Early life.
He attended Spennymoor Grammar School in Spennymoor. He went to Nottingham Technical College (which eventually became Nottingham Trent University), leaving in 1941. In 1941, aged 17, Scott joined the Met Office, later joining the Royal Air Force and serving at RAF stations in Sullom Voe in Shetland, Malta and North Africa during and after World War II. In the 1950s and 1960s he worked at RAF Watnall (now called the Nottingham Weather Centre), and in Nairobi, Kenya, and at RAF Uxbridge.
Broadcasting.
Jack Scott made his television debut in May 1969 as the BBC's twentieth weather forecaster; he stayed with them until his retirement in 1983. As Scott was employed by the Civil Service rather than the BBC, when he left the BBC and the Met Office in 1983 aged 60, he was able to draw a Civil Service pension. He went on to work for ITV (1983 – 1988) and was a presenter of Channel 4's magazine programme for the over 60s, "Years Ahead", from 1988 to 1989. He also made regular appearances on "Pebble Mill at One" discussing weather related topics and presented a series called "Under the Weather".
Described by the BBC as a "pioneer", Scott introduced the famous magnetic symbols to viewers in 1975, which could sometimes slip or fall off during broadcasts. He also helped lay the foundations of the computerised system of forecasting used today. Mark Byford, the BBC's Deputy Director-General, praised Scott's "wonderful gift of authority and knowledge matched by a warm and accessible style."
Personal life.
Jack was married to Marrion (who died in 2000) and had two sons, David (who survived him) and Jonathan, who died in a climbing accident in the Himalayas.
Jack was a member of Burnham Beeches Golf Club in Buckinghamshire.
He died of cancer aged 85 on 11 November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20196830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196830" title="Rodrick">
Rodrick

Rodrick or Rodricks is a shortened form of the name Roderick or Roderickson and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20196832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196832" title="Mammary artery">
Mammary artery

Mammary artery may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20196839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196839" title="La Passion de Simone">
La Passion de Simone

La Passion de Simone is an oratorio composed by Kaija Saariaho to a libretto in French by Amin Maalouf, first premiered in a staging by Peter Sellars. The work, subtitled "a musical journey in 15 stations", centers on the life and writings of Simone Weil and was conceived in the Passion Play tradition with episodes in her life linked to the Stations of the Cross. It is composed for SATB chorus, soprano soloist, spoken voice, orchestra and electronic instruments. 
Performance history.
"La Passion de Simone" was commissioned jointly by the New Crowned Hope festival in Vienna, the Barbican Centre, the Los Angeles Philharmonic, and the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts. It had its world premiere on November 26, 2006 at the Jugendstiltheater in Vienna as part of Peter Sellars' New Crowned Hope festival. The world premiere performers were the Klangforum Wien orchestra conducted by Susanna Mälkki; the Arnold Schoenberg Chor conducted by Erwin Ortner; Finnish soprano Pia Freund as the narrator; Michael Schumacher as the silent dancer (a directorial addition by Sellars), and Dominque Blanc as the voice of Simone Weil.
The work had its UK premiere at the Barbican Centre, London in July 2007 and its US premiere in August 2008 at the Lincoln Center, New York City as part of the Mostly Mozart Festival. Unlike previous performances, the French premiere at the Opéra Bastille in June 2009 was performed without Sellars' staging. Nevertheless, Dawn Upshaw, for whom the role of the narrator was originally written, performed in all three premieres.
Chamber version (2013).
The composer herself created a chamber version of the piece, equal in length and in which the vocal line of the soloist remains the same, along with the spoken text. The orchestration, on the other hand, was rewritten (without electronics) for 19 musicians instead of the full symphony orchestra, and the SATB chorus was replaced with four solo voices (one of each type).
This new version was premiered on November 14, 2013 at the P.O. Hviezdoslav City Theatre in Bratislava, in the framework of the Melos-Ethos Festival for Contemporary Music, in a production conceived and realized by the French music theatre company La Chambre aux échos. The main character was performed by soprano Karen Vourc'h, accompanied by a vocal quartet and an actress, and the chamber ensemble Secession Orchestra, conducted by Clément Mao-Takacs. The stage direction was devised by Aleksi Barrière.

</doc>
<doc id="20196869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196869" title="Tobacco control movement">
Tobacco control movement

Tobacco control is a field of public health science, policy and practice dedicated to controlling (i.e. restricting) the growth of tobacco use and thereby reducing the morbidity and mortality it causes. References to a tobacco control "movement" may have either positive or negative connotations, both briefly covered here.
Positive connotations.
The tobacco control field comprises the activity of disparate health, policy and legal research and reform advocacy bodies across the world. These took time to coalesce into a sufficiently organised coalition to advance such measures as the World Health Organization Framework Convention on Tobacco Control, and the first article of the first edition of the "Tobacco Control" journal suggested that developing as a diffusely organised movement was indeed necessary in order to bring about effective action to address the health effects of tobacco use.
Negative connotations.
The tobacco control movement has also been referred to as an "anti-smoking movement" by some who disagree with the movement, as documented in internal tobacco industry memoranda.

</doc>
<doc id="20196877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196877" title="Golf at the 2002 Asian Games">
Golf at the 2002 Asian Games

Golf was one of the many sports which was held at the 2002 Asian Games in Asiad Country Club, Busan, South Korea between 3 and 6 October 2002.
Participating nations.
A total of 82 athletes from 17 nations competed in golf at the 2002 Asian Games:

</doc>
<doc id="20196887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196887" title="Aaptar">
Aaptar

Aaptar is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3639 people living in 638 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196891" title="Balaltar">
Balaltar

Balaltar is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2551 people living in 460 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196899" title="Baraha, Sagarmatha">
Baraha, Sagarmatha

Baraha, Sagarmatha is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2738 people living in 471 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196906" title="Barai">
Barai

Barai is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4613.

</doc>
<doc id="20196917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196917" title="Basabote">
Basabote

Basabote is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2274 people living in 415 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196923" title="Sam Boulmetis, Sr.">
Sam Boulmetis, Sr.

Samuel A. Boulmetis, Sr. (born c. 1927) is a retired American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey who was inducted in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1973. The Hall's induction biography says that "His peers described him as an honest and intelligent rider, qualities he later demonstrated as a racing official and state steward for New Jersey."
Born in Baltimore, the son or a Greek tailor, Sam Boulmetis began his involvement in the horse racing industry as a stable hand at Laurel Park Racecourse in Laurel, Maryland. He began riding professionally in late 1948 and earned his first win in 1949 at Garden State Park then went on to win that year's riding championship at Monmouth Park Racetrack. He repeated as the leading jockey at Monmouth Park in 1953, 1955, and 1956.
The winner of numerous important races, Boulmetis won the Arlington Classic twice and the prestigious Washington, D.C. International Stakes and Canadian International Stakes, forerunners to the Breeders' Cup races which drew the best horses to the United States and Canada from around the world. For owner Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney, he rode Fisherman in the 1956 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Longchamp Racecourse in Paris, France. Among the other notable horses he rode was Hall of Fame inductee Tosmah with whom he won seven stakes races. In the 1955 Massachusetts Handicap, Boulmetis rode Helioscope to a track record time of 2:01 for 1¼ miles on dirt. As at 2008 that record still stands.
Throughout his career Sam Boulmetis raced primarily at tracks on the East Coast of the United States. He retired from riding after the 1966 season and in 1969 was appointed a steward at Monmouth Park Racetrack in Oceanport, New Jersey. He retired in 2004 from his duties as a racing official and state steward for the State of New Jersey.
His son, Sam Boulmetis, Jr., followed in his footsteps, becoming a professional jockey in 1973 and riding until 1981 when a racing accident left him paralyzed from the waist down. Sam, Jr. is now a steward at Philadelphia Park Racetrack.
Sam Boulmetis' nephew is jockey Tony Black.

</doc>
<doc id="20196924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196924" title="Blood of Bahamut">
Blood of Bahamut

Gameplay.
"Blood of Bahamut" is an action role-playing game in which up to four players battle giant beasts that are featured on both screens of the DS. In order to defeat a giant, players must first destroy its protective armor, then attack its "core," and finally attack its other body parts. The giants can summon smaller beasts, which the players must battle simultaneously. Defeating a giant's body parts and the smaller beasts will grant players "materials" which can be used to produce powerful weapons. The game will contain over 130 missions.
Plot.
The game is set in a city built on the back of a great beast known as a Gigant. The city suddenly comes under attack and protagonists Ibuki and Yui must defend it as well as other cities that were built on Gigants that are awakening. The story features seven main characters in total. The Gigants are sentient, and will also attempt to defend themselves, taking part in battles. The Gigants include Bahamut, Ifrit, Shiva, Fenrir, and Gilgamesh, many of which are also summon monsters depicted in Square Enix's popular "Final Fantasy" series.
Development.
"Blood of Bahamut" was directed by Motomu Toriyama, who previously worked on numerous other Square Enix titles including "Bahamut Lagoon", a tactical role-playing game for the Super Famicom. Before its official announcement, the trademarking of "Blood of Bahamut" prompted rumours of a connection to "Bahamut Lagoon". Such a connection has not been confirmed or denied by Square Enix. "Blood of Bahamut" was produced by Eisuke Yokoyama, who recently worked on "". The team stated that their goal was to "[...] cross the limits of the DS with a dynamic feel and with a direct sense of control." The game's music is composed by Naoshi Mizuta. The official soundtrack was released in Japan on August 12, 2009.
Ignition Entertainment attempted to license the game to bring it overseas to the North American market; however, Square Enix declined the offer. Ignition's Shane Bettenhausen elaborated, "We just contacted them and they weren’t interested in licensing it. That was the kind of deal where they Enix were probably not going to publish it here so it was worth a shot."
Reception.
"Famitsu" gave "Blood of Bahamut" a score of 31 out of 40. The game sold 66,000 copies the month of its release. Sales of the game reached about 89,193 copies by the end of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20196928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196928" title="Ottawa Senators (CWHL)">
Ottawa Senators (CWHL)

The Ottawa Senators are a women's ice hockey organization, based in Ottawa, Canada. The organization organizes teams in several age divisions, including Intermediate in the Provincial Women's Hockey League (PWHL). The women's senior-level ice hockey team formerly played in the Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL), until 2010. The senior team was formerly known as the Ottawa Capital Canucks and the Ottawa Raiders.
History.
The club began as the National Capital Raiders in 1998, becoming the Ottawa Raiders in 1999. The club played in the National Women's Hockey League (NWHL) from 1999 until 2007, when the league folded. In 2007-08, the club re-organized as the Ottawa Capital Canucks, playing in the CWHL. For the 2007–08 season, the team played at the Sandy Hill Arena in central Ottawa.
In 2008, the Canucks team merged its operations with the Kanata Girls Hockey Association. The new organization was named the Ottawa Senators Women's Hockey Club, was partly sponsored by the Ottawa Senators NHL club, and operated three teams. The Senior AAA team played in the CWHL, the Intermediate team plays in the Provincial Women's Hockey League, and there is a Midget AA team that plays a tournament schedule. The new organization is based out of the Bell Sensplex in the Kanata suburb of Ottawa.
In 2010, it was announced that the CWHL would reduce its number of teams to five. The Senior AAA Ottawa Senators were disbanded and are no longer playing in the CWHL. The Intermediates and other level programs continue.
Season-by-season.
in National Women's Hockey League (NWHL): 
in Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL): 
Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, Pts = Points.
Notable Former Player.
Katie Weatherston

</doc>
<doc id="20196930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196930" title="Bashasa">
Bashasa

Bashasa is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7887 people living in 1464 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196938" title="Beltar, Nepal">
Beltar, Nepal

Beltar, Nepal is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8903 people living in 1743 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196941" title="Bhumarashuwa">
Bhumarashuwa

Bhumarashuwa is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 13,631 people living in 2531 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196948" title="Bhuttar">
Bhuttar

Bhuttar is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3244 people living in 583 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196951" title="Chapultepec aqueduct">
Chapultepec aqueduct

The Chapultepec aqueduct (in ) is an aqueduct originally built at Chapultepec by the Aztecs during the Tenochtitlan era; its original name was simply the “Great Aqueduct.” What remains of the aqueduct today is located in Mexico City near Metro Sevilla.
The project was started under the "tlatoani" Chimalpopoca and modified by Moctezuma I. It consisted of a twin-pipe construction made of compacted earth and wood; when one pipe needed maintenance, the water flowed through the other. Where it crossed Lake Texcoco, the aqueduct was raised above the water level to allow canoes to pass. While the Tenochtitlan rulers ordered the building of the aqueduct, it was Nezahualcoyotl from Texcoco who was the engineer, as he was for a number of other engineering feats in the Valley of Mexico.
Colonial aqueduct.
Shortly after the Spanish Conquest, Hernan Cortes set about dividing up land among the conquistadors. He wanted to take the forest of Chapultepec for himself, but Charles V denied him this and decreed that it and the springs needed to provide Mexico City with potable water would become property of the city itself.
Almost 100 years later, the Aztec aqueduct was replaced under the reigning viceroy Fernando de Alencáster, Duke of Linares (1711-1716) and was known as the Chapultepec Aqueduct or the Aqueduct of Belen because of the old Belen convent it passed by. It was also to supply the city with fresh water from the springs in Chapultepec. The aqueduct passed through what is now Chapultepec Avenue and Arcos de Belen (Arches of Belen) Street, and was about four kilometers long with 904 arches. Only a small section, about twenty-two arches long, still survives today, on Chapultepec Avenue near Metro Sevilla.
Also surviving are two fountains associated with the aqueduct. The first is found wedged between Chapultepec Park and Metro Chapultepec. Constructed by viceroy Marquis de las Armarillas, this fountain was designed to divert a portion of the water to this zone as well as be decorative. However, it is no longer in its original location: it was cleaned up, enlarged and moved to its current location by Roberto Alvarez Espinoza in 1921. The other fountain is Salto del Agua which lies in its original location, at the intersection of Eje Central and Arcos de Belen Street, where the historic center meets Colonia Doctores and Colonia Obrera. While it is at the original location, it is not the original fountain. The original fountain had deteriorated badly, and a reproduction was made by Guillermo Ruiz. The remains of the original are on display at the Museo Nacional del Virreinato in Tepotzotlán.

</doc>
<doc id="20196958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196958" title="Chaudandi">
Chaudandi

Chaudandi is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2715 people living in 469 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196963" title="United States presidential election in Oklahoma, 2008">
United States presidential election in Oklahoma, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Oklahoma took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 7 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Oklahoma was won by Republican nominee John McCain with a 31.3% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. A strongly conservative state located in the Bible Belt where evangelical Christianity plays a large role, Oklahoma has swung and trended more to the Republicans in recent years than any other state. Having voted for the Republican presidential nominee in every election since 1968, Oklahoma once again showcased its status as a Republican stronghold in 2008 with Republican John McCain capturing 65.65% of the vote.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
McCain won every single pre-election poll, and each with a double digit margin of victory. The final 3 polls averaged McCain leading 62% to 34%.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $2,050,335 in the state. Barack Obama raised $1,711,069.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $613,515. McCain and his interest groups spent just $6,565. Neither campaign visited the state.
Analysis.
Oklahoma gave John McCain his strongest showing in Election 2008 with a rounded percentage of 66% (65.65%) going to him. The Sooner State was also the only state in the country where every single county voted for McCain. Although the results were similar to 2004 in which George W. Bush swept every county in the state with 65.57% of the vote, McCain's margin of victory was slightly better - 0.08% more - in 2008. Oklahoma was one of five states where McCain outperformed George W. Bush, the other four being Arkansas, Louisiana, Tennessee, and West Virginia.
Oklahoma, despite the large concentration of Native Americans in the state, remains one of the most reliably Republican states in the country. In fact, most Native Americans in Oklahoma are reliably Republican, unlike their counterparts elsewhere in the country. Although Democrats still have a majority of registered voters, the state's Democrats are very conservative by national standards. Oklahoma is part of the Bible Belt, and voters in the state have a strong penchant for being values voters; that is, they are strongly and deeply conservative on social issues such as abortion and gay rights. McCain's selection of the socially conservative Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska proved to be an excellent fit for the Sooner State. Obama was at a disadvantage beforehand in Oklahoma during the primary season when voters in the Sooner State backed Hillary Rodham Clinton with 54.76% of the vote compared to Obama's 31.19% and a significant amount (10.24%) going to John Edwards. Clinton won every county in the Oklahoma Democratic Primary except for Oklahoma County, home of Oklahoma City which Obama just narrowly carried. Most of Oklahoma's Democratic establishment were early endorsers of Hillary Clinton as well. Another fallback for Obama was that U.S. Representative Dan Boren, the only Democrat from Oklahoma's five-member delegation in the U.S. House of Representatives, refused to endorse Obama.
Another key to McCain's victory was the highly populated counties of Tulsa County, which he won with over 62%, and Oklahoma County, which he won with over 58%. Despite the Republican landslide, Obama did improve upon John Kerry's performance in Oklahoma City and Tulsa. However, this was more than canceled out by his extremely weak showing in Southeast Oklahoma, historically the most Democratic region in the state. This socially conservative but economically liberal area, known as "Little Confederacy" and "Little Dixie," still votes Democratic at the local level and state levels. It also warmly supported Bill Clinton of neighboring Arkansas in 1992 and 1996; Clinton's populism struck a chord among the region's voters. The last two Democratic nominees, on the other hand, have proven spectacularly bad fits for the region and the state as a whole. Obama lost many counties in Southeast Oklahoma by more than two-to-one margins, and even performed worse in the Oklahoma Panhandle where he lost by almost four-to-one margins.
Also, Oklahoma is the only state in the country that didn't have a third party candidate on the ballot, mostly because the state has the toughest ballot access laws in the country.
During the same election, incumbent Republican U.S. Senator James Inhofe was solidly reelected over Democratic State Senator Andrew Rice. Inhofe received 56.68% while Rice took in 39.18% and Independent Stephen P. Wallace received the remaining 4.14%. At the state level, Republicans made gains in the Oklahoma Legislature, picking up four seats in the Oklahoma House of Representatives and two seats in the Oklahoma Senate which gave the GOP control of the state legislature for the first time since statehood.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
John McCain carried every congressional district in Oklahoma, including the one district held by a Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives rather strongly.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Oklahoma cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Oklahoma is allocated 7 electors because it has 5 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 7 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 7 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 7 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20196964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196964" title="Dumre">
Dumre

Dumre is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11,749 people living in 2510 individual households.
There is another nepali town Dumre nearby Bandipur (about 3 km).

</doc>
<doc id="20196968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196968" title="Hadiya, Nepal">
Hadiya, Nepal

Hadiya, Nepal is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8564 people living in 1579 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196973" title="Hardeni">
Hardeni

Hardeni is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2906 people living in 523 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196979" title="Iname, Nepal">
Iname, Nepal

Iname is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2952 people living in 512 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196985" title="Jalpachilaune">
Jalpachilaune

Jalpachilaune is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2775 people living in 495 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196989" title="Janti">
Janti

Janti is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2142 people living in 385 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20196994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20196994" title="Jogidaha">
Jogidaha

Jogidaha is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4698 people living in 872 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197001" title="Katari">
Katari

Katari is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7230 people living in 1410 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197007" title="Katunjebawala">
Katunjebawala

Katunjebawala is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3319 people living in 539 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197024" title="Ibragim-Bek Sarakaev">
Ibragim-Bek Sarakaev

Ibragim-Bek Sarakaev (21 September 1883— 1934) - — one of the first Chechen writers and publicists, the historian by traditions and folklore of the Chechen people.
Biography.
Was born on September, 21st, 1883 in a fortress of Vedeno. In the 20th century beginning has ended real school in the city of Vladikavkaz and has left in 1902 in the city of Tiflis where has begun the literary and journalistic activity, working in widely known and a popular magazine "Caucasus". 1907 Ibragim-Bek Sarakaev has moved to Vladikavkaz and has got a job in the newspaper "Terek" (in this newspaper then visible revolutionary Sergey Kirov worked also)
Those years he has written "Nohcho", "Chechen", "Vedanho" and many other products which has published only in 1911-1914, also more than 30 materials on national and to agrarian questions of the Chechen Republic, problems of refereeing, culture and formation development in which it openly criticised lawlessness and an arbitrariness made by representatives of the power. Stories and such large historic-philosophical researches, as "Mjuridizm", «Court and execution of Shamil» and others are published. Their author published under own surname. In the same years in Vladikavkaz two large is art-documentary works of Ibragim-Beka Sarakaeva have been printed: in 1913 — the book «On slums of the Chechen Republic», and in 1914 — «the Chechen Republic and capture of Shamil». It were the first books in the history of the Chechen Republic, truthfully written by the Chechen about a life of the people. In them literary skill of Ibragim-Bek Sarakaeva was especially brightly showed. After the beginning of the First World War of Ibragim-Bek has registered in the Wild division.For courage shown in fights on southwest front, Ibragim-Bek has been made in officers. Further it has served to a rank of the lieutenant colonel.Has been awarded by Sacred George's awards of IV degree and Sacred Anna of II degree with swords.
In the Soviet Republic.
In 1914 Ibragim-Bek Sarakaev leaves on war and writes by fits, basically, stories and sketches, but, remains dissatisfied with their quality, it seldom set them into print. For last 20 years of a life of Ibragim-Bek Sarakaev has been written a little. After February revolution of 1917 it served as the official under special commissions in the Mountain government.In days of Civil war, under Kirov's recommendation, served in the well-known XI Red Army as the vice-commander on supply. After a victory of the Soviet power in the Chechen Republic was the deputy chief of militia of the Chechen region.The People's Commissariat of Internal Affairs was pursued, but has died a natural death in 1934. It is buried in native village Vedeno.

</doc>
<doc id="20197036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197036" title="Bibliothèque nationale et universitaire">
Bibliothèque nationale et universitaire

The Bibliothèque nationale et universitaire (BNU) (), is a public library in Strasbourg, France. It is located on Place de la République, the former "Kaiserplatz", and faces the "Palais du Rhin".
History.
After the destruction of the municipal library and the city's archives by Prussian artillery during the Siege of Strasbourg, the German Empire founded the BNU on 19 June 1872. The task of arranging its collections was given to historian and professor, Rodolphe Reuss. 
It became the regional library for the "Reichsland" Alsace-Lorraine, as, according to German tradition, every region should have at least one library. It was also an Academic library. 
The collections grew quickly, thanks principally to donations from all across Europe and the United States. But, even in spite of these generous donations, many priceless manuscripts, such as the Hortus Deliciarum had been destroyed and could never be replaced. 
The present-day building, which is a work of architects August Hartel and Skjold Neckelmann, was opened in 1895. 
After the territory of Alsace-Lorraine had been reverted to France following World War I, the question arose as to whether or not this library should be renovated and reopened. After some hesitation, the French government decided to keep the library.
The library now holds about 3,000,000 volumes, which is the second largest collection in France. The collection contains, amongst other things, ca. 2,300 incunabula, 6.700 manuscripts (plus 29,000 others from the archives – kept by the library – of the De Turckheim family, and several other thousands from the Alsatian Franciscan order) and 5,200 papyri.

</doc>
<doc id="20197038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197038" title="Khanbu">
Khanbu

Khanbu is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3271 people living in 557 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197040" title="Integrated project delivery">
Integrated project delivery

Integrated project delivery (IPD), is a collaborative alliance of people, systems, business structures and practices into a process that harnesses the talents and insights of all participants to optimize project results, increase value to the owner, reduce waste, and maximize efficiency through all phases of design, fabrication, and construction.
There are eight main sequential phases to the integrated project delivery method:
Background.
The construction industry has suffered from a productivity decline since the 1960s while all other non-farm industries have seen large boosts in productivity. The problems in contemporary construction include buildings that are behind schedule and over budget as well as adverse relations among the owner, general contractor, and architect. Using ideas developed by Toyota in their Toyota Production System and computer technology advances, the integrated project delivery method is designed to solve these key construction problems. The new focus in IPD is the final value created for the owner, the finished building. Rather than each participant focusing exclusively on their part of construction without considering the implications on the whole process, the IPD method brings all participants together early with collaborative incentives to maximize value for the owner. This collaborative approach allows informed decision making early in the project where the most value can be created. The close collaboration eliminates a great deal of waste in the design, and allows data sharing directly between the design and construction team eliminating a large barrier to increased productivity in construction.
History.
Integrated project delivery is a delivery system that seeks to align interests, objectives and practices, even in a single business, through a team-based approach. The team primary team members include the architect, key technical consultants as well as a general contractor and key subcontractors. The IPD system is a process where all disciplines in a construction project work as one firm, creating faster delivery times, lower costs, no litigation and a more enjoyable process for the entire team – including the owner.
The first working source of IPD occurred in 2000 when the Integrated Project Delivery Collaborative of Ocoee, Florida, filed for a trademark for the term. It was granted in 2005, which predates the following claimed first working definition of IPD was established in May 2007 by the AIA California Council Integrated Project Delivery Task Force comprising representatives of owners, architects, contractors, engineers and lawyers: UCSF Medical Center, Hanson Bridgett LLP, ACCO Engineered Systems, Rutherford & Chekene, Webcor Builders, Mcgraw-Hill Construction, Alternative Delivery Solutions LLC, Onuma Inc., Anshen & Allen, American Institute of Architects California Council, DCA Architecture Construction, WLC Architects, Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, Flewelling & Moody Architects, MCG Architects, Michael Hricak & Associates.
IPD combines ideas from integrated practice and lean construction to solve several problems in contemporary construction such as low productivity and waste, time overruns, quality issues, and conflicts during construction among the key stakeholders of owner, architect and contractor. The growing use of building information modeling in the construction industry is allowing far greater information collaboration between project participants using IPD and considered an important tool to increasing productivity throughout the construction process.
Unlike the design–build project delivery method which places the contractor in the leading role on a building project, IPD represents a return to the "master builder" concept where the entire building team including the owner, architect, general contractor, building engineers, fabricators, and subcontractors work collaboratively throughout the construction process.
The role of technology in IPD.
The adoption of IPD as a standard for collaborative good practice on construction projects presents its own problems. As most construction projects involve disparate stakeholders, traditional IT solutions are not conducive to collaborative working. Sharing files behind IT firewalls, large email attachment sizes and the ability to view all manner of file types without the native software all make IPD difficult. 
The need to overcome collaborative IT challenges has been one of the drivers behind the growth of online construction collaboration technology. Since 2000, a new generation of technology companies evolved using SaaS to facilitate IPD in a smooth and efficient manner. 
This collaboration software streamlines the flow of documentation, communications and workflows ensuring everyone is working from 'one version of the truth'. Collaboration software allows users from disparate locations to keep all communications, documents & drawings, forms and data, amongst other types of electronic file, in one place. Version control is assured and users are able to view and mark up files online without the need for native software. The technology also enables project confidence and mitigates risk thanks to inbuilt audit trails.

</doc>
<doc id="20197046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197046" title="Laphagaun">
Laphagaun

Laphagaun is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2468 people living in 454 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197047" title="Helen Nearing">
Helen Nearing

Helen Knothe Nearing (February 23, 1904 – September 17, 1995) was an American author and the second wife of Scott Nearing. Helen Knothe and Scott Nearing started their relationship together in 1928. They married nearly twenty years later on December 12, 1947.
The Nearings lived a simple life in rural Vermont where they grew much of their own food and erected nine stone buildings over the course of two decades. They earned money by producing maple syrup and sugar from the trees on their land and from Scott Nearing's occasional paid lectures.
Bibliography.
Books co-authored with Scott Nearing:

</doc>
<doc id="20197054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197054" title="List of historic Greek countries and regions">
List of historic Greek countries and regions

This is a list of Greek countries and regions throughout history. It includes empires, countries, states, regions and territories that have or had in the past one of the following characteristics:
Antiquity (to 330 AD).
Bronze Age.
During the Bronze Age a number of entities were formed in Mycenean Greece (1600-1100 BC), each of them was rule by a Wanax, the most important were: Mycenae, Thebes, Pylos, Knossos (after c. 1450 BC), Tiryns.
City states.
"During the history of Ancient Greece a total of 1,500 to 2,000 city-states were established. The most important were the following."
Middle Ages (330–1453).
The Greek Middle Ages are coterminous with the duration of the Byzantine Empire (330–1453).
After 395 the Roman Empire splits in two. In the East, Greeks are the predominant national group and their language is the "lingua franca" of the region. Christianity is the official religion of this new Empire, spread to the region by the Greek language, the language in which the first gospels were written. The language of the aristocracy however remains Latin, until gradually replaced by Greek by the 6th century. The East Roman Empire remained one of the world's most important states until the 12th century. Amongst its achievements is the spread of Christianity to Eastern Europe and the Slavs, halting the Persian, Slavic and Arab expansions towards Europe and preserving a vast amount of the cultural heritage of Antiquity. In 1204, after a civil struggle, the Fourth Crusade conquered the capital, Constantinople, and led the Empire to partitions and crises from which it never recovered.

</doc>
<doc id="20197055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197055" title="Lekhani, Sagarmatha">
Lekhani, Sagarmatha

Lekhani, Sagarmatha is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2141 people living in 373 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197056" title="Union pour la République">
Union pour la République

Union pour la République can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20197058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197058" title="Lekhgau">
Lekhgau

Lekhgau is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2467 people living in 440 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197064" title="Limpatar">
Limpatar

Limpatar is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1963 people living in 354 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197065" title="I'm in Love with a German Film Star">
I'm in Love with a German Film Star

"I'm in Love with a German Film Star" is a song by the British post-punk band The Passions. It was released as a single in 1981 and reached number 25 on the UK Singles Chart. It was the band's only single to reach the charts. Sam Taylor-Wood recorded a cover version which was released a single in 2008. It has also been covered by Foo Fighters, Kish Mauve, Sunscreem, Dubstar and Chris Whitley.
Cover versions.
Linoleum covered the song on their second album and also released it as a single in 2000 on the Fierce Panda label.
The American rock band Foo Fighters covered "I'm in Love with a German Film Star" as the B-side to their 2005 single "Best of You". The British electronic duo Kish Mauve recorded a version for the B-side of their 2006 single "Modern Love". It was also recorded by the American singer-songwriter Chris Whitley for his 2006 album "Reiter In".
"I'm in Love with a German Film Star" was also covered by the British artist and film-maker Sam Taylor-Wood, who released it as a single on 20 October 2008 through the German Kompakt label. It was produced by Pet Shop Boys, who also contributed a full length "Symphonic Mix". Other remixes were provided by Gui Boratto, Mark Reeder and Jürgen Paape. The single reached number one of the UK Dance Singles Charts in November 2008.
On 12 April 2010, the band Dubstar released a cover version of the song for an Amnesty International project. The track appears on the "Peace" compilation available via download.
Track listings.
The Passions.
All tracks written by The Passions.

</doc>
<doc id="20197080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197080" title="Positions of the feet in ballet">
Positions of the feet in ballet

The positions of the feet in ballet is a fundamental part of classical ballet technique that defines proper placement of feet on the floor. There are five basic positions of the feet in modern-day classical ballet, known as the first through fifth positions. These five positions were codified by the dancing master Pierre Beauchamp in the late 17th century.
Two additional positions, known as the sixth and seventh positions, were codified by Serge Lifar in the 1930s while serving as Ballet Master at the Paris Opéra Ballet, though their use is limited to Lifar's choreographies. The sixth and seventh positions were not really Lifar's inventions, but revivals of positions that already existed in the eighteenth century, at the time of Jean-Georges Noverre, when there were not five but ten positions for the feet in classical ballet.
Five basic positions.
All of the five basic positions require the feet to be flat on the floor and turned out ("i.e.", pointing in opposite directions as a result of rotating the legs, at the hips, in opposite directions).
First position.
The feet are aligned and touching heel to heel, making as nearly a straight alignment as possible. The knees are also touching with legs straightened. In beginners' classes, most exercises at the barre start from first position.
Second position.
The feet are aligned as in first position, but with heels spaced approximately twelve inches apart. The term "seconde" generally means to or at the side.
Third position.
One foot is placed in front of the other so that the heel of the front foot is near the arch of the back foot. There are two third positions, depending on which foot is in front. In beginners' classes this is a transition position in the progress to fifth position, or when a dancer is physically incapable of a fifth position (especially in adult beginners' classes).
Fourth position.
There are two types of fourth position: "open" and "closed". In both cases, one foot is placed approximately twelve inches in front of the other. In open fourth position the heels are aligned, while in closed fourth position the heel of the front foot is aligned with the toe of the back foot. There are two variations of each type of fourth position, as determined by which foot is in front. 
Fifth position.
One foot is placed in front of, and in contact with the other, with the heel of one foot aligned with the toe of the other foot. There are two fifth positions, depending on which foot is in front.
Lifar's additional positions.
Sixth position
Parallel feet, as in "pas couru sur les pointes en avant" or "en arrière".
Seventh position
Similar to fourth position, but performed "en pointe" with heels in line. There are two seventh positions, determined by whether the left or right foot is placed in front.

</doc>
<doc id="20197092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197092" title="Evelyn Hubbard">
Evelyn Hubbard

The Honourable Evelyn Hubbard (18 March 1852 – 24 August 1934) was a British businessman and Conservative politician.
He was the fifth son of John Gellibrand Hubbard (later Baron Addington), a director and governor of the Bank of England, and member of parliament for the City of London.
He was educated at Radley School and Christchurch, Oxford, before entering the family business of John Hubbard and company, Russia Merchants in 1875. He subsequently became the last governor of the Russia Company, a director of the Bank of England and a member of the lieutenancy commission for the City of London.
The family home was Addington in Buckinghamshire and when a vacancy occurred for the parliamentary constituency of North Buckinghamshire in 1889, he was chosen as the Conservative candidate. He failed to hold the seat for the Conservatives, and was defeated by his Liberal opponent, Edmund Hope Verney by 208 votes. Two years later there was another by-election in the constituency, and he again stood in the Conservative interest. He was again defeated, with the new Liberal MP increasing the majority to 381 votes.
In the meantime, Hubbard had moved to London, and in March 1892 he was elected an alderman on London County Council, as a member of the Conservative-backed Moderate Party. He held the seat until 1898.
In 1894 Hubbard was chosen to fight Plymouth at the next general election in 1895. Later that year the Conservative MP for Brixton, George Osborne succeeded to his father's title as Duke of Leeds. Hubbard was the selected to contest the resulting by-election by the Brixton Conservative Association. The by-election was held on 30 January 1896 and was elected as MP with a majority over his Radical opponent of 2,362 votes. He retired from the Commons in 1900.
He was a great supporter of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, helping the society to gain its royal charter, and serving as its honorary treasurer.
He married Eveline Portal in 1881, and they had three sons. He died suddenly while on holiday at Harrogate, Yorkshire in August 1934, aged 82.

</doc>
<doc id="20197107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197107" title="Mainamiani">
Mainamiani

Mainamiani is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4033 people living in 683 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197115" title="Myakhu">
Myakhu

Myakhu is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="20197125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197125" title="Nametar">
Nametar

Nametar is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2048 people living in 347 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197132" title="Okhale">
Okhale

Okhale is a village development committee in Sindhuli District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2348 people living in 410 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197135" title="Nanjido">
Nanjido

Nanjido (Nan(lily) Ji(mushroom) Do(island)) (Korean: 난지도) was an island on a branch of the Han River of Seoul, Korea.
In the end of 1970s, a dyke was constructed around the edge of Nanjido, and it became Seoul's official dump site. After 1978, Nanjido transformed as a huge mountain of garbage for 15 years, one that would contain a mountain of refuse 98m high and occupying 2,715,900 square meters of land. Nanjido's accumulation of garbage grew quickly, increasing by 3,000 truck loads of waste per day and eventually creating a pyramid thirty-four times larger than The Great Pyramid of Giza in Egypt. Currently, Korea has the biggest rate of per capita garbage production in the world(2.3 kg/person).
Nanjido stopped being a waste dumpsite in 1993 when city officials realized that Seoul's expansion, the site could no longer be designated as marginal. By that time, Nanjido had accumulated 91,972,000 cubic meters of garbage -- the equivalent of continuous dumping by 13,000,000 8.5-ton trucks for 15 years. Nanjido might be world's tallest waste dumpsite.
The garbage on Nanjido is no longer exposed. After closing it down, the city designated the site as an "ecology park" and began preparations to cover the mountain of garbage with trees. It is currently undergoing a land stabilization process that is expected to be completed by the year 2020. The walls were constructed deep into the ground to prevent the seepage of contaminated water into the Han River and streams. Methane and other gases were channeled into wells to provide heating to the World Cup Stadium and the surrounding residential district.
Now the whole area of 2.8 million square meters was transformed into five different theme parks, welcoming 9.8 million visitors every year. The five parks are equipped with conservation facilities for further revival of diversified ecological system.

</doc>
<doc id="20197141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197141" title="Pachchawati">
Pachchawati

Pachchawati is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6580 people living in 1223 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197151" title="Pokhari, Sagarmatha">
Pokhari, Sagarmatha

Pokhari, Sagarmatha is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2550 people living in 454 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197163" title="Rauta">
Rauta

Rauta is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4804 people living in 861 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197168" title="Yayankhu">
Yayankhu

Yayankhu is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2575.

</doc>
<doc id="20197179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197179" title="Risku">
Risku

Risku is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11,546 people living in 2083 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197181" title="Balgreen Halt railway station">
Balgreen Halt railway station

Balgreen Halt railway station served Balgreen in the Scottish city of Edinburgh. Services were provided by trains on the Corstorphine Branch.
The halt was close to Murrayfield Stadium.
History.
The station was opened by the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping in 1934. The line passed on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, to be then closed by the British Railways Board.
The site today.
The stationmaster's house remains standing, in the site which has been landscaped as part of a garden. [http://www.railbrit.co.uk/Balerno_Loop/frame.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20197197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197197" title="Rupatar">
Rupatar

Rupatar is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 556 people living in 3266 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197204" title="Melody Moezzi">
Melody Moezzi

Melody Moezzi (; born 1979 in Chicago, IL) is an Iranian-American writer and attorney. She writes and speaks about religion, public health, politics and culture. She is the author of "Haldol and Hyacinths: A Bipolar Life" and "War on Error: Real Stories of American Muslims". Moezzi is a United Nations Global Expert and formerly the Executive Director of the Atlanta-based interfaith nonprofit 100 People of Faith.
Moezzi has written for the Washington Post, CNN, Parabola, The Huffington Post, NPR, and Ms. Magazine, among others. She was a columnist for the short-lived Muslim Girl Magazine. Moezzi speaks openly about having bipolar disorder and is a regular columnist and blogger for Bipolar Magazine.
Moezzi has appeared on several television and radio programs, including CNN, NPR, BBC, PRI and Air America. She founded the activist group Hooping for Peace. Moezzi holds degrees from Wesleyan University, Emory University School of Law, and Emory's Rollins School of Public Health.

</doc>
<doc id="20197209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197209" title="Valaya Danda">
Valaya Danda

Valaya Danda is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5770 people living in 1021 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197219" title="Ein Ganim">
Ein Ganim

Ein Ganim () was the first moshav poalim in Ottoman Palestine. It was established in 1908 near Petah Tikva by members of the Second Aliyah. The moshav poalim was an attempt to combine farming and urban labor. In addition to working in the city, families received land for tending small kitchen gardens. The moshav poalim differed in approach from the moshav ovdim: It was not based on collective ideology or settling national land. The experiment failed because the kitchen gardens did not generate sufficient income. 
In 1937, Ein Ganim became a neighborhood of Petah Tikva.

</doc>
<doc id="20197233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197233" title="The Crystal Ball">
The Crystal Ball

The Crystal Ball may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20197250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197250" title="Operation Miracle">
Operation Miracle

Operation Miracle (, also "Operation Proljeće II") was a successful attack by the foreign troops of the Bosnian Mujahideen against the town of Krčevine on 21 July 1995.
The attack.
The attack itself, carried out by the "El Mujahed Detachment" of the 3rd Corps, was accompanied by a photographer employed by the Mujahideen, as well as Syrian-born interpreter Aiman Awad. It was part of the larger "Proljece II" action, aimed at capturing Krčevine, Malovan and Malije Gaj. "Operation Miracle" commenced at approximately 15:30 on July 21.
Adil al-Ghanim, known by the "kunya" Abu Mu'adh al-Kuwaiti, was the commander of the fighters who entered the city, although he did not engage in combat himself. While observing the mission from atop a nearby hill, he was shot and killed.
A Saudi commander from Medina who was greatly disturbed by the ongoing Srebrenica massacre of Bosnian Muslims, Abu Omar al-Harbi led a six-man team whose goal was to capture three Bosnian Serb bunkers. However, the first bunker sat in front of an open field which didn't offer any cover to the team, and the Serbs immediately began firing on them as they struggled to get their rocket-propelled grenade in position. al-Harbi began sprinting across the open field towards the bunker, shooting at the two Serbs inside. His team shouted to warn him that he could be entering a minefield, but his only response was to shout Allahu Akbar loudly before carrying on. He killed one of the Serbs from a distance approximately two metres in front of the bunker, before he was shot in the forehead and killed.
During a "sabotage attack" led by Abu Sabit Masri against Serb foxholes, approximately three military police were killed and the severed head of Momir Mitrović was collected and brought back along with his identification and diary. 
A Serbian tank was captured by Bosniak forces, who sent a radio message for al-Battar al-Yemeni, a former tank commander from the Army of Yemen, to return to the battlefield following his removal after being wounded in the hand. As Serb troops tried to destroy the captured vehicle, al-Yemeni and an unknown companion ran towards it and drove it back to the Bosnian lines. He was killed by a mortar shell four hours later, while trying to evacuate a wounded fighter from a captured bunker.
Krsto Marinković, of the Serbian Light Brigade, was woken up in his unit's trench by shouts of coming under attack from the Bosnians. Together with Petko Marić, he ran towards the forests in an attempt to escape the attack, where they met Velibor Tošić, and at 19:00 the trio decided to surrender themselves to the Mujahideen, in the hopes of being exchanged for Bosnian prisoners. After stepping out of the forest, they were surrounded quickly by both Bosnian and foreign Mujahideen, who kicked and punched them before making a brief video showcasing their prisoners, and entrusted them to a Bosnian and two Mujahideen who began marching them towards Livade.
The prisoners.
Held in Livade cabin.
The captured soldiers, with the exception of Predag Knežević who was allegedly beheaded, were taken to Livade village. A memo was written the following day, from the Military Security Service of the ABiH 35th Division, informing the 3rd Corps commander that the prisoners had been interviewed in the "Reception Centre" in Livade, and that they suggested that "Sare", a reference to Edin Sarić, should conduct any future interrogation. They were questioned about which VRS units had been responsible for destroying mosques in Prijedor, Banja Luka and Bosanska Krupa, and the identities of those who had raped Muslim women. Eleven of the prisoners turned out to be Muslim "labour" soldiers from Prnjavor who had been employed to fortify Serb defences in the area, while Branko Sikanić, Igor Guljevatej and Velibor Trivičević were proper soldiers. By the end of the day, the total was 12 captured VRS soldiers, and 11 captured support soldiers.
Transferred to Kamenica.
The prisoners were transferred two days later to the Kamenica Camp in the Gostović valley. Marinković tried to escape at one point, but simply fell off the back of the truck still blindfolded and bound, and a burst from a Mujahideen machine gun made him freeze. A knife was held to his throat, and the Bosnian asked the captured doctor, Branko Sikanić, to come over and slit his throat, which Sikanić refused - and the convoy carried on. When they arrived, they were untied and fed fish, bread and water.
Two soldiers from the 35th Division had heard of the capture and showed up at the two-story house where the prisoners were held, where they claim that they asked the foreign fighter to untie them, but were ignored.
The following day, 40-year old prisoner Gojko Vujičić, who had been wounded in the right thigh, swore blasphemous curses while demanding he be given water, and was subsequently taken to another room where he was shot and decapitated. The remaining prisoners were forced to kiss his head before it was hung on the wall for two days. Their legs were bound with an air hose, which prisoners later stated was filled with air to cause it to inflate, causing them great pain. Other prisoners allege they were administered electrical shocks. While bathing the prisoners, the Mujahideen were again met by members of the Bosnian Army who noted that there were "about ten prisoners" who were all able to walk to the bathing area on their own, and appeared to be in good health.
Transferred to ZK prison.
After a month, the prisoners were moved to "Zenica Kazneno Popravni Dom" prison, where they were held. Here, they were interrogated by Edin Sarić as earlier suggested, who reported that ""They were worn out. They were not shaved. They were dirty...I couldn't see visible traces of torture or violent behaviour. I think that's quite enough. And especially if each men, each of them, tells you that there was no such things, what else could I do but believe these people?", indicating that the captured soldiers had initially denied any abuse at the hands of their captors.
The eleven Muslim prisoners were released as a prisoner exchange on 31 October, while the others record being held beyond 31 December, when they were seen by the Red Cross. Other prisoners included Goran Stokanović, Šamac and a paramedic.
Aftermath.
Following the battle, because of the unexpected good fortune in capturing a tank, overrunning the Serb positions, and setting a new front line in the battle, the Arab forces dubbed the battle "al-Karama", "The Miracle".
After the war, General Rasim Delić was accused by the International Criminal Tribunal of failing to prevent the mistreatment of the prisoners.

</doc>
<doc id="20197254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197254" title="Gary M. Anderson">
Gary M. Anderson

Gary Michael Anderson (born October 31, 1947, Compton, California) is an American musician.
He attended Berklee School of Music as a Down Beat Hall of Fame Scholarship recipient, and went on to graduate Summa Cum Laude. He served there as a full-time professor and a member of the Berklee Saxophone Quartet, received the institution's Outstanding Achievement Award, and has since been named one of Berklee's Fifty Outstanding Alumnus.
For five years, beginning in 1973, Anderson toured with Woody Herman's Thundering Herd as music director, playing saxophone and arranging. Anderson is credited on seven albums.
After leaving the Herman's band, Anderson settled in NYC where he composed, arranged, and orchestrated for television, films, and stage.
Recently re-located to Las Vegas, Nevada, Anderson continues his multi-faceted work and participates in summer jazz clinics around the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20197274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197274" title="Serge Larcher">
Serge Larcher

Serge Larcher (born October 17, 1945) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the island of Martinique. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20197281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197281" title="Nova+">
Nova+

Nova+ is the first Bulgarian reality TV channel.
The channel launched with the start of the first season of Big Brother (Bulgaria) in 2004, which was also the very first reality show in Bulgaria. During Big Brother 1 the name of the channel was simply Big Brother Live, but its name was changed into "Nova+" after the start of the first season of Star Academy Bulgaria on 11 April 2005. The channel aird only durning the BigBrother seasons from season 1 to 4. On 12 may 2008 Nova+ began airing full reality TV programme with popular reality formats.The channel was closed down on 31 January 2008, when Modern Times Group bought the Nova Television and Diema groups from ANT1 Group and Balkan Media Group Limited. In autmun 2013 Nova+ was registered at the CEM( the regulator
) and planned to start on 16 September 2013. However, the channel wasn't started and there are no evidences that the channel will start anytime soon. (As of early 2014)

</doc>
<doc id="20197288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197288" title="Georges Patient">
Georges Patient

Georges Patient (born 1 April 1949) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the territory of French Guyana. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20197303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197303" title="Swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre freestyle

The women's 100 metre freestyle was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics programme. It was the sixth appearance of the event, which was established in 1912. The competition was held from Saturday August 8, 1936 to Monday August 10, 1936.
Thirty-three swimmers from 14 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Rie Mastenbroek set a new Olympic record in the first heat with 1:06.4 minutes and equalized her time in the first semi-final. In the final she bettered the Olympic record with 1:05.9 minutes.
Results.
Heats.
Saturday August 8, 1936: The fastest three in each heat and the fastest fourth-placed from across the heats advanced to the semi-finals.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Semifinals.
Sunday August 9, 1936: The fastest three in each semi-final and the fastest fourth-placed from across the heats advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Monday August 10, 1936:

</doc>
<doc id="20197308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197308" title="Red Star (EP)">
Red Star (EP)

Red Star is a 2008 digital-only EP by Third Eye Blind released in anticipation of their fourth studio album "Ursa Major". Previews of the songs on the EP were posted to the band's myspace page on November 12, 2008, and it was released officially on November 18, 2008 through all major digital music outlets. Also released with the EP was a music video for "Non-Dairy Creamer" featuring Third Eye Blind's recent Japan tour. 

</doc>
<doc id="20197323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197323" title="Daniel Marsin">
Daniel Marsin

Daniel Marsin (born November 13, 1951 in Pointe-à-Pitre, Guadeloupe) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the island of Guadeloupe. He is locally a member of "Guadeloupe unie, socialisme et réalités", and at the national level of the Modern Left, a satellite organisation of Nicolas Sarkozy' Union for a Popular Movement. He is a member of the parliamentary group European Democratic and Social Rally in the French Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="20197324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197324" title="One-Step">
One-Step

The One-Step was a ballroom dance popular in social dancing at the beginning of the 20th century.
Troy Kinney writes that One-Step originated from the Turkey Trot dance, with all mannerisms of the latter removed, so that “of the original ‘trot’ nothing remains but the basic step”.
The One-Step included the following basic figures (and a number of more advanced ones): 

</doc>
<doc id="20197327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197327" title="Portëz">
Portëz

Portëz is a municipality in the Fier District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20197335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197335" title="Anne-Marie Payet">
Anne-Marie Payet

Anne-Marie Payet (born August 1, 1949) is a French politician. Between 2001 and 2011, she represented the island of Réunion as a member of the Senate of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20197342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197342" title="Mbrostar">
Mbrostar

Mbrostar is a municipality in the Fier District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20197347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197347" title="Saune">
Saune

Saune is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1753 people living in 297 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197355" title="Shorung Chabise">
Shorung Chabise

Shorung Chabise is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3251 people living in 567 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197357" title="Jean-Paul Virapoullé">
Jean-Paul Virapoullé

Jean-Paul Virapoullé () (born March 15, 1944 in Bras-Panon, Réunion) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the island of Réunion. 
Virapoullé is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. A wealthy sugar cane farmer of the Malbar group, he is known as a traditional opponent of the Communist Party of Réunion.

</doc>
<doc id="20197362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197362" title="Sirise">
Sirise

Sirise is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3558 people living in 613 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197372" title="Sithdipur">
Sithdipur

Sithdipur is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2606 people living in 459 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197385" title="Sundarpur, Udayapur">
Sundarpur, Udayapur

Sundarpur is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4439 people living in 837 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197387" title="Jean-Pierre Cantegrit">
Jean-Pierre Cantegrit

Jean-Pierre Cantegrit (born 2 July 1933) is a member of the Senate of France, representing French citizens living abroad. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20197390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197390" title="Zharrëz">
Zharrëz

Zharrëz is a municipality in the Fier District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20197392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197392" title="Roberto Peper">
Roberto Peper

Roberto Guillermo Peper (June 27, 1913 – July 3, 1999) was an Argentine swimmer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Buenos Aires. He was the husband of Jeannette Campbell and the father of Susana Peper.
In 1932 he was a member of the Argentine relay team which finished sixth in the 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay event.

</doc>
<doc id="20197398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197398" title="Tamlichha">
Tamlichha

Tamlichha is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. 
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2528 people living in 458 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197414" title="Jean-Claude Carle">
Jean-Claude Carle

Jean-Claude Carle (born 9 June 1948) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Haute-Savoie department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20197425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197425" title="Kuman, Albania">
Kuman, Albania

Kuman is a municipality in the Fier District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20197428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197428" title="Jean-Louis Carrère">
Jean-Louis Carrère

Jean-Louis Carrère (born 4 December 1944) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Landes department. He is vice president of the Aquitaine Regional Council and a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20197429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197429" title="Tapeswori">
Tapeswori

Tapeswori is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9704.

</doc>
<doc id="20197434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197434" title="Tawashree">
Tawashree

Tawashree is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4612 people living in 843 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197436" title="Françoise Cartron">
Françoise Cartron

Françoise Cartron (born 27 March 1949) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Gironde department. She is a member of the Socialist Party.
Before being elected as a member of the senate on 21 September 2008, Cartron was a primary school headteacher. She is also the mayor of Artigues-près-Bordeaux, a vice-president of the Aquitaine Regional Council and of the Urban Community of Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="20197438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197438" title="Thanagaun">
Thanagaun

Thanagaun is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2408 people living in 428 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197445" title="Ruzhdie">
Ruzhdie

Ruzhdie is a municipality in the Fier District, Fier County, southwestern Albania. In May 2010 it came to prominence in Albania as the hottest spot in a vote recount of the elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20197446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197446" title="Auguste Cazalet">
Auguste Cazalet

Auguste Cazalet (7 September 1938 – 4 June 2013) was a member of the Senate of France, representing the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department. Cazalet was born in Sévignacq-Meyracq, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, and was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20197449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197449" title="Thoksila">
Thoksila

Thoksila is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11,940 people living in 2139 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197460" title="Triveni, Nepal">
Triveni, Nepal

Triveni is a village development committee in Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6015 people living in 1105 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20197463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197463" title="Bernard Cazeau">
Bernard Cazeau

Bernard Cazeau (born 27 April 1939 in Bordeaux) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Dordogne department. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20197474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197474" title="Monique Cerisier-ben Guiga">
Monique Cerisier-ben Guiga

Monique Cerisier-ben Guiga (born 20 June 1942) is a member of the Senate of France, representing French citizens living abroad. She is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20197482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197482" title="Kurjan">
Kurjan

Kurjan is a municipality in the Fier District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20197487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197487" title="Zeebo Inc.">
Zeebo Inc.

Zeebo Inc. is an American consumer electronics company and creator of the Zeebo entertainment and education system. Designed for "emerging markets" in countries such as Brazil, Mexico, India and China, the Zeebo system (or "Zeebo") runs videogames and other interactive content delivered via wireless 3G digital distribution. This approach is intended to thwart piracy and reduce the cost of content. The system also enables wireless Internet access for web browsing, email and social networking. The Zeebo is currently sold throughout Brazil and Mexico, and the company has discussed the possibility of future product introductions elsewhere in Latin America, in India, China and Russia.
Founding.
By the company's own account, the initial idea for the Zeebo system occurred independently to Reinaldo Normand, who was then at Tectoy Mobile (a division of the Brazilian consumer electronics company Tectoy), and Mike Yuen, senior director of games and services at Qualcomm. Normand sought backers for the project in the United States, and helped formed a small U.S.-based division of Tectoy, called Tectoy of America, in 2007. He then met Yuen, and the two discovered that they were pursuing similar concepts. Qualcomm decided to fund the project, and Tectoy of America became Zeebo Inc. in March, 2008. Normand joined the executive staff and was given responsibility for worldwide special projects. Yuen left Qualcomm and was named Zeebo's senior vice president of content and services in August, 2009. He currently serves as president and CEO.
Product Launch.
The company introduced the Zeebo in limited quantities in Rio De Janeiro, Brazil, on June 1, 2009, with manufacturing and distribution provided by Tectoy. The system went on sale nationwide in Brazil in November the same year. In December, 2009, the Zeebo went on sale nationwide in Mexico.
Organization and Partnerships.
Zeebo Inc. has its headquarters in San Diego, California with offices in São Paulo, Brazil, Mexico City, Mexico and Shanghai, China. Zeebo marketing and development in Brazil are carried out by Zeebo Brasil, Zeebo Inc.'s Brazilian subsidiary. Marketing and development in Mexico are carried out by the Mexican subsidiary Zeebo Mexico.
Manufacturing and distribution are provided by regional partners such as Tectoy in Brazil. Wireless bandwidth is provided by telecommunications partners such as Claro in Brazil and Telcel in Mexico. Zeebo also announced an agreement with AT&T in March, 2010. The company has stated that "The agreement gives us access to AT&T's international roaming network, allowing us to carry out rapid trials of the Zeebo platform in new geographic areas as we establish longer-term agreements with local carriers for deployment of the system. It will also give us a chance to explore opportunities in the US market in the future."
In June, 2010, it was reported that Zeebo Inc. raised $13.5 million in its latest round of venture funding.

</doc>
<doc id="20197495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197495" title="Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology">
Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology

Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology is a 1980 book written and edited by Stan and Fred Goldstein, and illustrated by Rick Sternbach. At the time of its publication it was the official history of the Star Trek universe. The first season of "" used references and dates that indicated that the "Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology" was no longer being followed, and it was eventually replaced by "Star Trek Chronology" as the official history of the Star Trek universe. In 2006, Pocket Books published "Voyages of Imagination", which expanded "Star Trek Chronology" to include the events of all of the Star Trek novels.

</doc>
<doc id="20197514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197514" title="Rick Fisher">
Rick Fisher

Rick Fisher is an American lighting designer, known for his work with Stephen Daldry on "Billy Elliot the Musical" and "An Inspector Calls". He is from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and attended Dickinson College, but has been based in the UK for the last 30 years.
He has done the lighting design for many opera companies, including Covent Garden and New York City Opera. He has been designing for the Santa Fe Opera for seven seasons; for the 2007 season he did three productions. 
Fisher received the Live Design Outstanding Designer of The Year in 2008. He is the chairman of the British Association of Lighting Designers.

</doc>
<doc id="20197522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197522" title="Strum, Albania">
Strum, Albania

Strum is a municipality in the Fier District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20197533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197533" title="Kootenai Creek Snowshoe Cabin">
Kootenai Creek Snowshoe Cabin

The Kootenai Creek Snowshoe Cabin was built in Glacier National Park in 1926. The rustic log structure comprises a single room with a woodstove, and a small cellar food cache. The cabin was situated on the patrol route from the Goat Haunt ranger station to the Fifty Mountain-Flattop region, about eight miles upstream from the ranger station. Unlike most patrol cabins, it is isolated from the park's main trail routes.

</doc>
<doc id="20197534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197534" title="Castle Buildings">
Castle Buildings

Castle Buildings is the name given to a group of Northern Ireland Executive buildings in the Stormont Estate in Belfast. They are the headquarters for Office of the First Minister and deputy First Minister, the Department of Health, Social Services and Public Safety (DHSSPS) and the Department of Justice. The group of buildings have previously been used by the Northern Ireland Office. The group of buildings are notable for their use as the location of the negotiations surrounding the Belfast Agreement.
It was announced on 29 July 2009 that the Department of Justice would be based in two offices on the first floor of Castle Buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="20197535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197535" title="Hawass">
Hawass

Hawass may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20197541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197541" title="Compugen Inc.">
Compugen Inc.

Compugen is a privately owned and operated IT company, headquartered in Richmond Hill, a suburb of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Founded and incorporated in 1981, Compugen took over first place in CDN's Top 100 Solution Providers rankings for 2011. 
Compugen's lines of business include IT infrastructure products and services, and its customers include medium- and large-sized corporations and government departments. As of May 2012, Compugen employed over 1000 staff in offices across Canada and provided provided national coverage for on-site and managed services customers.
Compugen's head office, PC - Integration Centre, warehouse and logistics centre and service desk are located in Richmond Hill, Ontario.
Industry Awards.
Zarek Named For Global Award By VMware
Compugen First Canadian Microsoft Authorized Refurbisher
Frontier college Grants Compugen Fitzpatrick Award
2011 Rated number 1 in CDN's Top 100 Solution Providers rankings 
2009 Microsoft Partner of the Year for Advanced Infrastructure Solutions, Windows Desktop Deployment
2008 Microsoft Partner of the Year for Advanced Infrastructure Solutions, Exchange Migration and Deployment
Compugen Cisco Solution Partner of the Year for 2008
2007 Microsoft Partner of the Year for IWS, Office Systems Desktop Deployment 
2007 Microsoft Impact Awards – Double Winner
2006 CDN Channel Elite Awards - Double Winner

</doc>
<doc id="20197550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197550" title="2006–07 AEK Athens F.C. season">
2006–07 AEK Athens F.C. season

For the 2006-07 season, AEK Athens F.C. competed in its 48th consecutive season in the Greek topflight.
Players.
Players on loan.
In:
Out:
Foreign players.
In the Greek league only five non-EU nationals can be registered and given a squad number for the first team. Those non-EU nationals with European ancestry can claim citizenship from the nation their ancestors came from. If a player does not have European ancestry he can claim Greek citizenship after playing in Greece for 7 years. Players such as Manduca are not registered as non-EU because they have dual citizenship with an EU country.
Squad changes.
Summer 2006.
In:
Total spending: €1.35M
Out:
Total income: €3.1M
Winter 2007.
In:
Total spending: €0
Out:
Total income: €0
Squad stats.
"Players in italics have left during the season."
Matches.
Friendlies.
"All times EET"
Super League Greece.
"All times EET"
Greek Cup.
Fourth round.
"All times EET"
UEFA Champions League.
Third qualifying round.
"All times CET"
Group stage.
"All times CET"
UEFA Cup.
Round of 32.
"All times CET"

</doc>
<doc id="20197565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197565" title="Underdark (supplement)">
Underdark (supplement)

The "Underdark" sourcebook for the Forgotten Realms campaign setting of the 3.5 edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" role-playing game.
Contents.
The sourcebook covers gaming material such as new character classes, Drow Judicator as well as covering the geography of this fictional setting.
Publication history.
This book was written by Bruce R. Cordell, Gwendolyn F.M. Kestrel, and Jeff Quick, and was released in October 2003 published by Wizards of the Coast. Cover art was by Sam Wood, with interior art by Kalman Andrasofszky, Matt Cavotta, Mike Dubisch, Wayne England, Matt Faulkner, Vance Kovacs, Vince Locke, Raven Mimura, Jim Pavelec, Vinod Rams, Richard Sardinha, Stephen Tappin, and Joel Thomas.
When asked how the designers dealt sorting through years' worth of publications on the Underdark to create a more definitve sourcebook, Jeff Quick responded: "I was the editor of Eric Boyd's exhaustively detailed 2nd edition sourcebook, "Drizzt Do'Urden's Guide to the Underdark". Eric, as Forgotten Realms fans know, is a detail nut. When he wrote it, he consulted pretty much every Underdark reference ever -- including Bob Salvatore, personally. So rather than duplicate effort, I turned to that book for inspiration and to Eric for a few details and opinions."
Reception.
The editor from rpgnews.com stated the book did not deliver on the price it costs, was incomplete, contained a lot of assumed information making it difficult for casual readers to understand references without knowledge of the novels; however, fans of the novels might enjoy it.

</doc>
<doc id="20197576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197576" title="Natalia Oreiro (album)">
Natalia Oreiro (album)

Natalia Oreiro is the self-titled debut Spanish language album by Uruguayan singer and actress Natalia Oreiro.
History.
Due to a big success of a song "Que si, que si" from the movie Un Argentino en New York Natalia Oreiro was offered collaboration with music company "BMG Argentina" to make her own CD. Pablo Durand became the producer of the CD. The CD was recorded in first half year of 1998 in studios in Buenos Aires and also at Miami in Florida. The title of the CD is simple – Natalia Oreiro since this was the first singer’s debut CD.
Album information.
For the CD there were 11 songs recorded and the 12th song is a bonus song. It is "Que si, que si" from the movie Un Argentino en New York. All songs are in Latin style, and there are also two ballads. Seven songs were composed for Natalia by duo Pablo Durand and Fernando Lopez Rossi, who wrote big hit "Que si, que si". Romantic song "Me muero de amor" was written by famous composing duo Claudia Brant and Coti Sorokin. Cladia Brant together with Marcel Wengrowsky worked together on song called "Nada mas que hablar". Three writers were working together to create a hit song "Huracán" and song called "Valor" was for Natalia written and composed by Donato Poveda. The final sound of the CD was directed by Afo Verde and background sounds of saxophone were recorded by Ed Calle. 
Songs from the CD Natalia Oreiro were used in telenovela "Muñeca Brava" (Brave Doll) where Natalia played a main character in years 1998-1999. Song "Cambio Dolor" was the title song and song "Me muero de amor" was a love theme of main characters. 
Cover
Natalia was pictured on the cover of her CD as a princess in beautiful dresses and nice hairdo. There were altogether 11 photos used for the cover and booklet. The photographer was Claudio Divella and the whole design was made by two graphic designers Scherman and Veraldi. The booklet is in pink tone with other graphic details. In the booklet there are texts to all songs, information about the CD making process and also thanks from Natalia to her co-authors, her family and to her fans. 
There was a new cover and booklet made for the international edition of the CD. In the new version there are seven photos from which four are in black and white. Booklet lacks lyrics. The rest remains the same.
Releases.
The first single released to promote the CD was "De tu amor" that was released in summer 1998. Natalia filmed also a music video for this song. CD Natalia Oreiro was released on 14 July 1998. Due to the big success of telenovela "Muneca Brava" abroad, the CD was also released in many other countries in years of 1999 and mainly in 2000. The content is the same just the cover differs.
Chart performance.
In the first week of selling there was sold 60.000 CDs in Argentina. Altogether there was about 400.000 CDs sold in Argentina. In the rest of Latin America there were another 200.000 CDs sold. In Spain the CD sold 300.000 copies and in other European countries there were about 700.000 CDs sold (in the Czech Republic it was 85.000 and in Poland 150.000). Overall there were about 1.600.000 CDs sold and the disc got 10 times platinum award.
Track listings.
Special Edition: Re-Edition, Argentina only.
Duration: 62:23
Songs names translation.
Natalia Oreiro (Natalia Oreiro) (1998)
Awards.
In Argentina only the CD was awarded with two platinum discs for selling. In many East European countries as well as in Russia and Israel and moreover in Latin America the CD got many golden or platinum discs for the selling.
Release for Czech republic.
Natalia Oreiro 2001 (Czech republic) is a kind of compilation that is issued specially for fans of the Czech Republic. Published 17 September 2001 with Sony BMG Czech Republic.
Album information.
Between 2000 and 2001, Uruguay experienced singer Natalia Oreiro in the Czech Republic unprecedented success. It became the best singer for 2000, the soap Muneca Brava and the most favorite of soap. Natalia in the Czech Republic won gold and platinum for sales of their albums and Natalia Oreiro Tu Veneno, prices for various popular magazines Czech, prizes for the best singer and actress Golden Otto 2000. In 2000 it became the main part of the ceremony Czech Nightingale, which sang two of his hits in March 2001 took place in the Czech Republic sold out two concerts. Thanks to the glory of this huge publishing company BMG Ariola CR decided to issue a special CD for Czech and Slovak fans. CD bears the name of Natalia Oreiro 2001 and is the subtitle Fans Edition.
This special compilation is divided into three parts. The first part consists of Oreiro biggest hits. In total they have been selected six and of course there are hits and Cambio Dolor Tu Veneno. In the second part of the compilation is located four remixes of hits from the first CD Natalie. The third part is interactive and is only on CD version. The five videos and other bonus was delivered three wallpaper on your desktop.
Releases.
This special compilation for fans was released on 17 September 2001, and not only in the Czech Republic but also in Hungary.
Chart performance.
According to the Czech official IFPI charts CD was very successful in marketability. Many as 15 weeks, kept in the Top 40 and best placed to 13.position. Further six weeks to keep the CD in Top 80 charts marketability.

</doc>
<doc id="20197584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197584" title="South Florida National Cemetery">
South Florida National Cemetery

South Florida National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery, located in western Lake Worth, Florida. It is maintained by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, and it is also one of the newest national cemeteries in the United States, when it opened to the public on April 16, 2007, although the official dedication of the cemetery was on March 9, 2008. The federal approval for the cemetery was in October 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20197585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197585" title="Cakran">
Cakran

Cakran is a municipality in the Fier District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20197610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197610" title="The Modern Hebrew Poem Itself">
The Modern Hebrew Poem Itself

The Modern Hebrew Poem Itself is an anthology of modern Hebrew poetry, presented in the original language, with a transliteration into Roman script, a literal translation into English, and commentaries and explanations. 
Two editions of this book have appeared so far:
Poets included in both editions of the book
Poet included in the first edition but not in the second
Poets included in the second but not the first edition

</doc>
<doc id="20197622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197622" title="Frakull e Madhe">
Frakull e Madhe

Frakull is a municipality in the Fier District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20197624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197624" title="Arnold H. Green">
Arnold H. Green

Arnold H. Green is a history professor at Brigham Young University who specializes in modern Middle-Eastern history, especially the era of the end of colonialism in North Africa.
Biography.
Green grew up in Southern California. He served a mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in France. 
Green earned his associates degree from Citrus College and his bachelors degree from California State University, Los Angeles.
Green received his MA in History at BYU where he had Hugh Nibley as his thesis advisor. He did his masters thesis on early Jewish converts to the LDS Church.
Green received his Ph.D. from the University of California, Los Angeles. He then was a Fulbright Scholar in Yemen. He taught at the University of Miami and then at the American University in Cairo. At the AU in Cairo he was director of the center for Arabic Studies. 
Green has been a member of the BYU faculty since 1985. He has served as the head of the BYU Jerusalem Center and as chair of the BYU history department.
Among books by Green are "The Tunisian Ulama, 1873-1915" (1978) and "In Quest of An Islamic Humanis" (1984).
In the LDS Church Green has served in many callings including as a branch president and a Sunday School president.
Besides studies of North Africa and the Middle East, especially their intellectual history, Green has also studied the use of supposed similarities to Islam to attack the Latter-day Saints in 19th Century American thought.

</doc>
<doc id="20197631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197631" title="Folie à deux (disambiguation)">
Folie à deux (disambiguation)

A folie à deux ("madness of two") is a psychiatric syndrome shared by two people.
Folie à deux may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20197632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197632" title="Invasion of Manchuria">
Invasion of Manchuria

Invasion of Manchuria can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20197639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197639" title="Lean Construction Institute">
Lean Construction Institute

The Lean Construction Institute (LCI) was founded in August 1997 and is now a non-profit corporation. The institute does research to develop knowledge regarding project based production management in the design, engineering, and construction of capital facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20197648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197648" title="Levan, Fier">
Levan, Fier

Levan is a municipality in the Fier District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20197657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197657" title="Joy (song)">
Joy (song)

"Joy" is a 1992 song recorded by French singer-songwriter François Feldman. It was the third single from his third album "Magic Boul'vard", and was released in the first days of February 1992. The song, the singer's 12th single overall, achieved great success in France, becoming the best-selling single of the year.
Song information.
Unlike his previous singles, "Joy" was fully created by Feldman : he wrote the lyrics, composed and music and produced the song. The singer's friends Carole Fredericks, Joniece Jamison (who recorded with him the hit singles "Joue pas" in 1989 and "J'ai peur" in 1991), as well as the Chorus of the Little Children of Asnières performed the background vocals. The song is a tribute to the singer's daughter, named Joy, who was born a few time earlier. This pop song has dance sonorites and joyful percussion.
The song was also recorded in Spanish-language on the album "Magic Boul'vard" and features also on Feldman's compilations "Best of" and "Two Feldman".
In France, the single went straight to #15 on February 8, 1992, then entered the top ten and climbed until topping the chart for eight consecutive weeks. Then it stayed for other four weeks at #2, then didn't stop to drop rather quickly. It totalled 23 weeks in the top ten and 28 weeks on the chart (top 50), becoming Feldman's most successful songs in terms of chart. Thanks to "Joy", the singer established what was at the time a record : to obtain three number-one hits (the previous two #1 were "Les Valses de Vienne" and "Petit Frank"). It was also Feldman's eighth top ten hit in France.
The single is currently the 664th best-selling single of all time in France, with over 400,000 copies sold and is therefore Feldman's fourth biggest hit, behind "Petit Frank", "Les Valses de Vienne" and "Joue pas".

</doc>
<doc id="20197668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197668" title="Dongdan">
Dongdan

Dongdan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20197675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197675" title="Dërmenas">
Dërmenas

Dërmenas is a municipality in the Fier District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20197682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197682" title="Swiftcurrent Auto Camp Historic District">
Swiftcurrent Auto Camp Historic District

The Swiftcurrent Auto Camp Historic District preserves a portion of the built-up area of Glacier National Park that documents the second phase of tourist development in the park. After the creation of a series of hotels for train-borne visitors including the nearby Many Glacier Hotel, courtesy of the Great Northern Railway's hotel concession, facilities were developed for the increasing numbers of automobile-borne tourists, drawn to Glacier by the Going-to-the-Sun Road. The Swiftcurrent Auto Camp at Swiftcurrent Lake was created for these new tourists. It includes a rustic general store, built in 1935 by the Glacier Park Hotel Company, surrounded by a number of log tourist cabins., as well as a shower and laundry house and other supporting structures.
In contrast to the prominent site of the nearby Many Glacier Hotel, the auto camp is located in stands of mature trees that block direct views of the surrounding mountains. The facilities were intended to provide an inexpensive, informal alternative to the hotels that had heretofore provided the bulk of tourist accommodations. The camp was built by the Glacier Park Hotel Company, under pressure from the National Park Service to provide such accommodations.

</doc>
<doc id="20197686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197686" title="Herbert Marx (politician)">
Herbert Marx (politician)

Herbert Marx (born March 16, 1932) is a Canadian lawyer, university law professor, politician, and judge. He was a member of the National Assembly of Quebec from 1979 to 1989, and a cabinet member, and a Justice of the Quebec Superior Court.
Herbert Marx was born in Montreal in 1932. He graduated from Baron Byng High School.
Subsequently, he attended Concordia University (B.A., 1958); Université de Montréal (M.A., English Literature, 1962); (LL.L., 1967); and Harvard Law School (LL.M., 1969).
Throughout his law studies, he received a number of prizes. Moreover, he was awarded the Prix du Barreau for having come first in the Quebec Bar Exams in 1968. He was also awarded scholarships by the Quebec and Canadian Governments.
Between 1955-1964, he worked in the lighting industry, becoming vice-president of Verd-A-Ray Industries Ltd. 
In 1967-68 he articled in the law firm of Stikeman Elliott in Montreal. He joined the Faculty of Law at the Université de Montréal in July 1969. Over the next ten years, he taught constitutional law, civil liberties and poverty law.
Between 1969-79, Prof. Marx was a consultant to the Quebec Ministries of Justice, Education and Intergovernmental Affairs as well as to the Canada Law Reform Commission, the Quebec Civil Code Revision Office, the Quebec Gendron Commission on Language Rights and the Montreal Island School Council. He was also a visiting professor at the Université du Québec à Montréal and McGill University Faculty of Law. In 1969, he was a founding member of the Pointe Saint-Charles Legal Aid Clinic in Montreal. 
Moreover, he was a Commissioner of the Quebec Human Rights Commission (1975–1979), and a member of the Consultative Committee of the Institute of Intergovernmental Relations at Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario (1977–1982)
In 1979, he was elected in a by-election as the member from D'Arcy-McGee to the Quebec National Assembly. He was re-elected in 1981 and 1985. He was Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Quebec (1985–1988). 
He was appointed a Justice of Quebec Superior Court in 1989 by the Government of Canada and took mandatory retirement in 2007. 
He is active in a number of non-governmental organizations: Co-chair of the McGill Consortium for Human Rights Advocacy Training; Co-Chair of the McGill Middle East Programme in Civil Society and Peace Building; Governor of Tel Aviv University; President of the Association for Canadian Studies; Member of the Board of the Tolerance Foundation. 
He is the author and co-author of the following books:
As well, he is the author of many peer reviewed articles on constitutional law, civil liberties and poverty law.

</doc>
<doc id="20197690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197690" title="Frank J. Coyne">
Frank J. Coyne

Frank J. Coyne (born in Scranton, Pennsylvania in 1948) is Chairman, former President, and former Chief Executive Officer of Verisk Analytics and its subsidiary, Insurance Services Office (ISO).
Biography.
Personal life.
Coyne received his bachelor’s degree in political science, magna cum laude, from the University of Scranton and his law degree from Duquesne University. He also had a career in the United States Army, rising to the rank of captain.
Career.
Coyne began his career in 1973 as a trial attorney with the U.S. Treasury Department. He joined Lynn Insurance Group in 1977 and served as vice president as well as assistant general counsel. In 1981, he joined Reliance Insurance Company and served as associate corporate general counsel and general counsel for the insurance business. He became vice president and general counsel of PMA Insurance Company in 1983.
Coyne joined General Accident Insurance Co. of America in 1985 as senior vice president and general counsel, with responsibility for legal, human resources, and administrative functions. Two years later, he became executive vice president - field operations, with responsibility for underwriting, claims, and marketing activities involving General Accident’s 28 branch offices. In 1991, he was elected president and chief operating officer.
In February 1999 Coyne came to ISO as president and chief operating officer from Kemper Insurance Companies, where he served as executive vice president – specialty and risk management groups. On July 1, 2000, he was elected president and chief executive officer and became chairman on July 1, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20197697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197697" title="Topojë">
Topojë

Topojë is a municipality in the Fier District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20197700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197700" title="Hugh de Courtenay, 9th Earl of Devon">
Hugh de Courtenay, 9th Earl of Devon

Hugh de Courtenay (14 September 1276 – 23 December 1340) was the son of Sir Hugh de Courtenay (d. 28 February 1292) of Okehampton and Eleanor le Despenser (d. 30 September 1328), daughter of Hugh le Despenser, 1st Earl of Winchester. Forty-one years after the death of his cousin, Isabel de Fortibus, Countess of Devon, letters patent were issued dated 22 February 1335 declaring him Earl of Devon, and stating that he 'should assume such title and style as his ancestors, Earls of Devon, had wont to do'.
Early life.
Hugh de Courtenay was born 14 September 1276, the son of Sir Hugh de Courtenay (d. 28 February 1292) of Okehampton by Eleanor le Despenser (d. 30 September 1328), daughter of Hugh le Despenser, 1st Earl of Winchester, an important adviser to King Edward II. He was the grandson of John de Courtenay (died c. 3 May 1274) of Okehampton by Isabel de Vere, daughter of Hugh de Vere, 4th Earl of Oxford. John's father, Robert de Courtenay (d.1242), the son of Reginald de Courtenay (d.1190) by Hawise de Curci (d.1219), the heiress of the feudal barony of Okehampton), had married Mary de Redvers (sometimes called "de Vernon"), the daughter of William de Redvers, 5th Earl of Devon (d.1217).
On 28 February 1292, about the time of his marriage, Hugh succeeded to the Okehampton estate and to those de Redvers estates that had not yet been alienated to the Crown. He may then have been styled Earl of Devon, the first of the Courtenay family, although was not recognised in the "de facto" Earldom until 1333.
Campaign against Scotland, 1297–1300.
He did homage to Edward I on 20 June 1297 and was granted his own livery. At the time the King was with his army crossing the Tweed into Scotland. It is probable that the honour was in acknowledgement of Hugh's military achievements. That July the English defeated and humiliated the Scots at Irvine. However the following year the tables were turned on the advent of the remarkable campaign of William Wallace.
The following February 6, 1298 he was summoned as a Lord in Parliament, and sat throughout the reign of Edward II and into the Mortimer Regency for Edward's son. He remained an important noble at Parliaments into the reign of Edward III. He was summoned as "Hugoni de Curtenay" with the confusing suffix of "senior" being known as Lord Courtenay.
Courtenay joined King Edward at the long siege of Caerlaverock Castle, just over the Solway Firth for a fortnight in July 1300. He proved himself a fine soldier and loyal adherent to the English crown. He had not been present at the disastrous encounter outside Stirling Castle in 1298, during which half the English contingent were killed, including commander Hugh Cressingham. But Edward was determined to march into Ayrshire to devastate Robert Bruce's estates. Unfortunately the English army melted away into the forests as the army moved further northwards. Courtenay may have been with the English King when he sat down in Sweetheart Abbey to receive Robert Winchelsey, Archbishop of Canterbury who had travelled north with a demanding missive from Pope Boniface to cease hostilities. The King could not ignore this order. In September he disbanded troops and withdrew over the Solway Firth to Carlisle. The campaign had failed due to a shortage of money, so Parliament was recalled for January 1301. Before returning to London the English drew up a six months truce.
Parliament of 1301.
Parliament met at Lincoln. The agenda included redrafting the Royal Forest Charter, which had no precedent since it was first introduced in the reign of Henry II, 150 years earlier. Local juries were expected to "perambulate the forests" to gather evidence. But the King needed money and was required by Parliament to surrender his absolute authority and ownership of what became community forests.
Campaigns against Scotland, 1301–1308.
In 1306 the Prince of Wales was despatched into Scotland; the vanguard led by Aymer de Valence, the King's half uncle. On 22 May, Courtenay was knighted by the Prince, presumably for his efforts against the Scots. In June the English occupied Perth. On 19 June, Valence, who had cut a swathe through the Lowlands fell on the Scots army at Methven in the early dawn. The Bruce fled into the hills. Edward I was merciless as many prisoners were punished. That autumn the army returned to Hexham. The war was all but over: there were however sieges at Mull of Kintyre and Kildrummy Castle, Aberdeenshire. Edward I committed many atrocities rounding up the Scots aristocracy and their women.
Then as Robert Bruce returned from exile in Ireland the English army started losing battles. The ailing King had one last campaign in which Courtenay played a major part. Struggling into the saddle to the Solway Firth, Edward I died at Burgh-on-Sands awaiting a crossing. In 1308 a new campaign was sent to quell Robert Bruce, and Courtenay was made a knight banneret, one of the King's elite household.
During the reign of Edward II he was made a Lord Ordainer, one of the ruling council in the Lords. He was appointed to the King's Council on 9 Augustus 1318. He was appointed the Warden of the coast of Devon and Cornwall in 1324 and then again in 1336, because his estates stretched across what is now Exmoor and Dartmoor. But he took the honours reluctantly and played a guarded game with King and Parliament. A veteran campaigner he aimed to ingratiate himself with the young Edward III, and so refused the Third Penny from the Exchequer. He was investigated; and on 22 February 1335 elevated to the Earldom of Devon, restored to his ancestral line.
Forty-one years after the death of his cousin, Isabel de Fortibus, Countess of Devon, letters patent were issued dated 22 February 1335 declaring him Earl of Devon, and stating that he 'should assume such title and style as his ancestors, Earls of Devon, had wont to do'. He was the 9th Earl of Devon, but the first in the Courtenay line.
Marriage & progeny.
He married Agnes de Saint John, daughter of John Saint John of Basing, Hampshire, by Alice, daughter of Sir Reynold Fitz Peter. They had four sons and two daughters:
Death & burial.
He died at Tiverton, Devon, 23 December 1340, and was buried at Cowick Priory near Exeter on 5 Feb 1341.

</doc>
<doc id="20197702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197702" title="Thornton viaduct">
Thornton viaduct

Thornton viaduct is a disused railway viaduct crossing Pinch Beck valley at Thornton, near the city of Bradford in West Yorkshire, England. It is long and has 20 arches. It was built in an S-shape to allow a smooth access to Thornton station. 
The viaduct was part of the GNR's Queensbury Lines running between Queensbury and Keighley. It stopped carrying passengers in 1955 but remained open to goods until the 1960s when it was finally closed and the tracks pulled up. The viaduct is now a Grade II listed building.
The viaduct was reopened as part of the Great Northern Railway Trail between Cullingworth and Queensbury along the track bed in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20197713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197713" title="Line Mountain Jr./Sr. High School">
Line Mountain Jr./Sr. High School

The Line Mountain Jr./Sr. High School is located in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania. The school is part of the Line Mountain School District. Line Mountain Junior Senior High School is located at 187 Line Mountain Road, Herdon. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2013, the school reported an enrollment of 544 pupils in grades 7th through 12th, with 38.7% of its pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced price lunch due to the family meeting the federal poverty level. The school employed 40 teachers yielding a student-teacher ratio of 14:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under federally No Child Left Behind Act.
Line Mountain Junior Senior High School's mascot is the Eagle and their colors are Royal Blue and Gold with a trim of Red. 
Academic achievement.
In 2009, Line Mountain Junior-Senior High School ranked 475th out of 666 Pennsylvania high schools for the reading and mathematics achievement of its students.
Line Mountain Junior Senior High School achieved 78.8 out of 100. Reflects on grade level reading, mathematics and science achievement. In reading/literature - 77% were on grade level. In Algebra 1, 78% showed on grade level skills. In Biology, 60% showed on grade level science understanding. In 8th grade, 75% demonstrated on grade level writing skills. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 2,181 public schools (less than 73 percent of Pennsylvania public schools), achieved an academic score of 70 or higher.
In 2012, Line Mountain Junior Senior High School declined to Warning Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) status due to missing 4 out of 8 academic metrics. in 2011 and 2010 Line Mountain Junior Senior High School achieved AYP status. In 2006 and 2004, Line Mountain HIgh School was in Warning status due to lagging student academic achievement.
Graduation rate.
In 2013, Line Mountain School District's graduation rate was 83.3%. In 2012, Line Mountain School District's graduation rate was 85.8%. In 2011, the graduation rate was reported as 93%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4 year cohort graduation rate. Line Mountain School District's rate was 77% for 2010.
PSSA Results.
In 2011, Line Mountain 11th graders ranked 14th out of 18 Central Pennsylvania High Schools in the CSIU 16 region for math achievement. In 2010, Line Mountain 11th graders ranked 14th out of 18 Central Pennsylvania High Schools in the CSIU 16 region for math achievement. In 2009, Line Mountain 11th graders ranked 15th out of 18 Central Pennsylvania High Schools in the CSIU 16 region for math achievement.
Science in Motion Line Mountain Junior Senior High School took advantage of a state program called Science in Motion which brought college professors and sophisticated science equipment to the school to raise science awareness and to provide inquiry-based experiences for the students. The Science in Motion program was funded by a state appropriation and cost the school nothing to participate. Susquehanna University provided the experiences in the region.
College remediation.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 16% of the Line Mountain Junior-Senior High School graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
SAT Scores.
In 2013, Line Mountain School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 494. The Math average score was 503. The Writing average score was 467. The College Board reported that statewide scores were: 494 in reading, 504 in math and 482 in writing. The nation-wide SAT results were the same as in 2012.
In 2012, 61 Line Mountain School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 486. The Math average score was 490. The Writing average score was 454. The statewide Verbal SAT exams results were: Verbal 491, Math 501, Writing 480. In the USA, 1.65 million students took the exams achieving scores: Verbal 496, Math 514, Writing 488. According to the College Board the maximum score on each section was 800, and 360 students nationwide scored a perfect 2,400.
In 2011, 44 Line Mountain High School students took the SAT exams. The district's Verbal Average Score was 470. The Math average score was 488. The Writing average score was 461. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States, 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
Graduation requirements.
The Line Mountain School board requires that each student earn 29 credits to graduate including: 4 credits of English, 4 credits of Social Studies, 4 credits of Mathematics, 4 credits of Science, 4 credits of Physical Education, 3 credits of Health and safety, 1 credit humanities, 1 credit Technology and 5 credits in electives 
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students were required to complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. Effective with the graduating class of 2017, the Pennsylvania State Board of Education eliminated the state mandate that students complete a culminating project in order to graduate. Students must develop an individualized Career Plan.
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, beginning with the class of 2017, public school students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, and English Literature by passing the Keystone Exams. The exam is given at the end of the course. Keystone Exams replace the PSSAs for 11th grade.
Students have several opportunities to pass the exam. Those who do not pass after several attempts can perform a project in order to graduate. For the class of 2019, a Composition exam will be added. For the class of 2020, passing a civics and government exam will be added to the graduation requirements. In 2011, Pennsylvania high school students field tested the Algebra 1, Biology and English Lit exams. The statewide results were: Algebra 1 38% on grade level, Biology 35% on grade level and English Lit - 49% on grade level. Individual student, school or district reports were not made public, although they were reported to district officials by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. Students identified as having special needs and qualifying for an Individual Educational Program (IEP) may graduate by meeting the requirements of their IEP.
Dual enrollment.
Line Mountain Junior Senior High School offers a Dual Enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at the high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement (TRAC), many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions. For the 2009-10 funding year, Line Mountain School District received a state grant of $10,465 for the program. The state grants were discontinued by Governor Edward Rendell in 2010.
Additionally, Line Mountain School District students have access to Bloomsburg University's Summer College and Advanced College Experience (ACE) during the summer of their sophomore, junior and senior years (after high school graduation). Tuition is deeply discounted to 75% of the regular rate. Successful students earn college credits that can be transferred to other Pennsylvania public colleges and universities through the Pennsylvania TRAC system.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. Line Mountain School District was denied for funding, by the PDE, in 2006-07. In 2007-08, the district did not apply for the grant. For the 2008-09 school year, the district received $82,277. Of the 501 public school districts in Pennsylvania, 447 of them received Classrooms for the Future grant awards.
Extracurriculars.
The district offers a variety of clubs, activities and sports. The Line Mountain School Board determines eligibility policies to participate in these programs. This includes abiding by the Line Mountain Athletic Department Code of Conduct.
In 2011, the school district administration filed a complaint against a former wrestler, whose family had moved to another school district, in the CSIU16 region. The high school administration denied the student the ability to wrestle in the 2011-12 season. The student appealed the denial to the District wrestling board of the PIAA. The appeal was lost.
In 2013, another complaint was filed against the District regarding its wrestling program. The Administration and School Board denied a female student access to the wrestling program. A federal court appeal was sought by the student. U.S. Judge Matthew W. Brann, of the Middle District of Pennsylvania, issued a temporary injunction prohibiting Line Mountain School District from preventing the pupil to register for the team after her parents filed a lawsuit against the school district.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Sports.
The District funds:
According to PIAA directory July 2012 
Staff.
The staff of Line Mountain are:
Instructional Staff
Ackell, Robert - Physical Education
Angelo, Sophia - English
Balum, Lon - HS Guidance
Baney, Rebekah - Vocal Music
Beach, Chelsea - Physical Education
Bowman, Karrie - Family & Consumer Science
Bryan, Emily - Math
Buriak, Mike - Physical Education
Carson, Michael - Social Studies
Fenstermacher, Tara - English 7
Ferster, Francine - Agriculture
Fessler, Cindy - Librarian
Fisher, Larry - Band & Music
Fowler, Melanie - English 8
Grimm, Cinda - Nurse
Hayner, Michael - Social Studies
Heitzman, Jennifer - Jr HS Guidance
Herb, Shelley - Physics
Hojnacki, Damian - Business
Janson, Melissa - English
Kahler, CarolLynn - Art
Keer, Charles - Math 8
Kieffer, Heather - Biology
Koser, Danielle - English 12
Kuster, Joshua - Math
Lagerman, Jeffrey - Business
Lenker, Scott - Social Studies
Magaro, Angelica - Life Skills
Martz-Yisrael, Jill - Physical Education
Mausteller, Rebecca - HS Learning Support
Moro, Jacilyn - Learning Support
Mowery, Danielle - Learning Support
Nevin, Julie - Learning Support and Gifted
Pepper, Lori - Reading
Raker, Jonathan - Math
Ranck, Susan - German
Reed, Jesse - Technology Education
Reed, Michael - Social Studies 8
Schick, Paula - Math
Sejuit, Jaymi - Jr HS Learning Support
Shearer, Mark - Social Studies 7
Shipe, Amy - Math 7
Snoddy, Sean - Technology Education
Taraschuk, Jordan - English
Traver, John - Chemistry
Wagner, Wesley - Art
Weller, Jason - Science
Wood, Cynthia - Spanish
York, Theresa - Science 7
Zelnick, Alan - Biology
Support Staff
Byerly, Beverly - Secretary
Dewalt, Kim - Secretary
Jones, Vicki - Aide
Klinger, Cindy - Aide
Leader, Christine - Aide
Paczkowski, Dawn - Aide
Shaffer, Deborah - Guidance Secretary
Spotts, Kathy - Aide
Weiser, Deb - Aide
Food Service Staff
DeLong, Heather - Dishwasher
Hynoski, Ann - Cook
Wilkinson, Bontenia - Head Cook
Williard, Lisa - Cook
Wolfe, Lynn - Cook
Plant Maintenance Staff
Deppen, Gerald - Custodian
Houtz, Annette - Custodian
Klinger, Robbin - Custodian
Morgan, Tim - Plant Supervisor
Schreffler, Doyle - Custodian

</doc>
<doc id="20197718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197718" title="Calum Waddell">
Calum Waddell

Calum Waddell is a British writer and film critic. 
Biography.
His books include "Minds of Fear", "Taboo Breakers" and "Jack Hill: The Exploitation and Blaxploitation Master, Film by Film" and his work has been published in such magazines as "Neo", "Dreamwatch", "Impact" and "Fangoria".
In addition, Waddell was an associate producer on the films "The Collingswood Story" and "Brotherhood of Blood". He is credited as a co-writer and co-producer on the documentary "American Grindhouse", which was directed by Elijah Drenner, it had its premiere as part of the South by Southwest Film Festival.
Works.
Books 

</doc>
<doc id="20197724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197724" title="2009 Medibank International Sydney – Women's Singles">
2009 Medibank International Sydney – Women's Singles

Justine Henin was the defending champion, but retired from the sport on May 14, 2008.
Elena Dementieva won in the final, 6–3, 2–6, 6–1, over Dinara Safina.

</doc>
<doc id="20197728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197728" title="Libofshë">
Libofshë

Libofshë is a municipality in the Fier District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20197730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197730" title="List of The Tom and Jerry Show episodes">
List of The Tom and Jerry Show episodes

This is a list of episodes for the 1975 cartoon series "The Tom and Jerry Show".

</doc>
<doc id="20197741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197741" title="Maria Eichwald">
Maria Eichwald

Maria Eichwald (born at Talgar, Kazakhstan) is a Kazakhstani ballet dancer who has settled in Germany.
Biography.
Eichwald trained at the national ballet academy in Alma-Ata, Kazakhstan before becoming a soloist dancer at the national theatre. Due to her German ancestry she moved to Germany in 1995. In 1996 she joined the National Theatre Munich where she became a principal dancer in 1999. In Munich she danced a variety of leading roles including Kitri in "Don Quixote", Odette/Odile in "Swan Lake" (Petipa), Tatiana and Olga in "Onegin" (Cranko), Marguerite Duval in "Die Kameliendame" (Neumeier) and Manon in "Manon" (Macmillan). In 2004, Eichwald caused a scandal in the press when she abruptly left the company to accept an offer from the celebrated Stuttgart Ballet in Stuttgart, Germany. Since then, Eichwald has toured the world with the company and in 2005 danced opposite Paris Opera étoile Manuel Legris as Tatiana in "Onegin" (Cranko) on a tour of Asia. As of 2008, Eichwald continues to be an international ballet favorite among critics and audiences alike and is known for her exceptional skill and technique.
Nominations and Prizes.
Eichwald was nominated for a Prix Benois de la Danse in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20197758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197758" title="Qendër, Fier">
Qendër, Fier

Qendër, also known as Çlirim or Ferma Çlirim (former state own farm named Çlirim, , during the Communist era), is a municipality in the Fier District, Fier County, southwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20197762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197762" title="Heathfield School, Wolverley">
Heathfield School, Wolverley

Heathfield School is a small independent non-denominational day school in Wolverley, near Kidderminster in Worcestershire, England, for boys and girls aged five to 16 years. The school is a registered charity, governed by a board of trustees, formed as the Heathfield Educational Trust in 1970. The school also has its own on-site day nursery for babies from three months and a pre-school facility for children of rising 3–4 years of age. 
The school is a member of the Independent Schools Association and the Independent Schools Council.
History.
Heathfield School has its origins in 1620 when Wolverley Grammar School was founded by William Sebright. This was renamed Sebright School in 1931 when it occupied new buildings on a greenfield site opened by the then local MP Stanley Baldwin who shortly afterwards became prime minister. Financial difficulties forced the school to close down in 1970, and its main premises became a state school (now Wolverley C E Secondary School). However, its junior section which had opened in 1961, remained in existence and has extended its age range up to 16.
Heathfield now has an international affiliate in Bangkok, Thailand, the former Lord Shaftesbury School, now renamed Heathfield International.
Performance.
All Heathfield's GCSE candidates achieved at least five A* to C grades in 2007 and again in 2008.
The school was inspected by the Independent Schools Inspectorate in September 2008. The report found that the school met its aims of providing a healthy balance of academic and extra-curricular activities. Pastoral care was described as "outstanding" and the school's relationship with the local community was also commended. Overall teaching was good, although access to computer facilities needed expanding. Literacy and numeracy skills were found to be strongly promoted. The curriculum was well planned. Test results were well above, and in maths and science far above, the national average. There had been achievements in sports, music and drama.

</doc>
<doc id="20197763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197763" title="Balla railway station">
Balla railway station

Balla railway station served the village of Balla in County Mayo, Ireland.
History.
Opened by the Great Northern and Western Railway, the station was then nationalised, passing on to the Coras Iompair Éireann as a result of the Transport Act 1944 which took effect from 1 January 1945.
The site today.
Trains on the Dublin Heuston to Westport still pass the site. 

</doc>
<doc id="20197766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197766" title="2009 Medibank International Sydney – Men's Singles">
2009 Medibank International Sydney – Men's Singles

Dmitry Tursunov was the defending champion, but lost in the first round to Richard Gasquet.
David Nalbandian won in the final 6–3, 6–7(9), 6–2, against Jarkko Nieminen.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20197807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197807" title="2009 Medibank International Sydney – Men's Doubles">
2009 Medibank International Sydney – Men's Doubles

Richard Gasquet and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga were the defending champions, but both chose not to participate that year.
Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan won in the final 6–1, 7–6(3), against Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić.
Seeds.
<ol start="3">
<li> Mahesh Bhupathi / Mark Knowles "(Semifinals)
<li> Mariusz Fyrstenberg / Marcin Matkowski "(Semifinals)

</doc>
<doc id="20197810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197810" title="Crime in Armenia">
Crime in Armenia

Crime in Armenia is multi-dimensional. It includes human trafficking, domestic violence, murder, political murder, contract killing, tax evasion, corruption, extortion, money laundering, police brutality, organized crime, and clan or gang violence.
Crime dynamics.
During the first ten months of 2008, crime in Armenia's capital Yerevan rose nearly 14 percent from the same period in 2007, while the rate of crime detection went down. 3,857 crimes were registered in Yerevan during this period, up by 462 compared to 2007. The rate of crime detection in the cases under investigation was 56.8 percent, down from 61.4 percent.
Crime by type.
Organised crime.
Organized crime permeates the Armenian economy. Yerevan is controlled by a set of organized, criminal clans known as "akhperutyuns" (, or "brotherhoods"). They assert their power through their position and connections. The various factions sometimes battle for rights over their "turf". The origins of akhperutyuns are criminal law and the tradition of Armenian family life (ojakh). Members are guided by the underworld laws brought from Russian prisons.
Human trafficking.
Several investigations in recent years have shown that, for purposes of sexual exploitation, women from Armenia are mainly taken to Turkey and the United Arab Emirates (UAE), while labor exploitation mainly occurs in Russia. A "well-paid job" is very often the bait used to persuade women in difficult social situations to travel abroad.
Sexual exploitation.
The United States has repeatedly described Armenia as a major source of illegal transport of women for sexual exploitation abroad. Armenia is on a U.S. special "watch list" of nations which the U.S. State Department says are not doing enough to combat trafficking. In a 2006 annual global report on human trafficking, the State Department said that Armenia is a "major source and, to a lesser extent, a transit and destination country for women and girls trafficked for sexual exploitation largely to the United Arab Emirates and Turkey." 
It criticizes the Armenian authorities who "failed to impose significant penalties for convicted traffickers" and that only a handful of them ended up in jail. The report claims that the Armenian authorities are reluctant to punish law-enforcement officials allegedly cooperating with prostitution networks that recruit and send young women abroad, mainly to the United Arab Emirates. It further cites that a member of the Armenian anti-trafficking unit, Aristakes Yeremian, was implicated by an investigative journalist in extorting bribes from Armenian pimps and prostitutes in Dubai.
In June 2006, a senior Armenian prosecutor dealing with human trafficking admitted that transport of Armenian women for sexual exploitation abroad has reached "alarming" proportions.
According to the President of the Association of Audio-Visual Journalists Arzuman Harutyunyan, some of the 40 women who board a bus from Vanadzor to Turkey every very Friday become victims of human trafficking there (20 of the 40 women who board never return).
In July 2004, Russia’s Interior Minister Rashid Nurgaliev said that growing cooperation between Russian and Armenian law enforcement bodies has prevented more than one hundred Armenian women from being trafficked abroad for sexual exploitation. According to Nurgaliev, "criminal groups" which have been neutralized planned to transport the mostly young women to third countries, mainly the United Arab Emirates, via Russia. On June 24, 2004, members of a criminal group who were intent on forcing 6 Armenian women into prostitution were arrested.
Recent developments.
On April 20, 2009, Anoush Martirosyan, the infamous "Madame Pimp" of Dubai, was sentenced to thirteen years in prison by a Yerevan judge. Martirosyan ran a prostitution ring in Dubai to which she lured girls from Armenia.
According to Hetq, as of October 2008, the number of criminal court cases dealing with human trafficking has gone down dramatically in comparison to years past, which means that either such criminal cases have decreased or law enforcement officials are finding it harder to expose such incidents. Upon further investigation, Hetq was notified by the Police that "the Police Department of Armenia is in pursuit of 16 individuals in accordance with Article 132 of the ROA Criminal Code." Hetq has found it "a bit strange" that the Police Department is not releasing the full names nor the photographs of the individuals being sought, with the Police claiming it is "classified information" which is in contrast to other such investigations. According to Hetq, it is likely that these individuals continue to operate in Armenia.
In late 2007, the Armenian government initiated a three-year plan aimed at cracking down on human trafficking, forming a special inter-agency body to coordinate the efforts. According to the police department in Armenia, the number of individuals imprisoned in Armenia for human trafficking and officially identified as victims of the illegal practice has more than doubled in 2008. Armenian law-enforcement authorities have prosecuted 17 persons on relevant charges during the first ten months of 2008, of which 10 of them have already been convicted and given prison sentences. Victims of sexual trade have been sent to non-governmental special rehabilitation centers and others have been repatriated to Armenia, mainly from the United Arab Emirates. The police attributed the successful crackdown to the toughening of the Armenian government’s fight against human trafficking.
Domestic violence.
According to a 2008 study by Amnesty International, more than a quarter of women in Armenia "have faced physical violence at the hands of husbands or other family members." Since reporting domestic violence is heavily stigmatized in Armenian society, many of these women have no choice but to remain in abusive situations.
Corruption.
The United Nations Development Programme in Armenia views corruption in Armenia as "a serious challenge to its development."

</doc>
<doc id="20197818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197818" title="1994 Thriftway ATP Championships – Singles">
1994 Thriftway ATP Championships – Singles

Michael Chang was the defending champion.
Chang successfully defended his title, defeating Stefan Edberg 6–2, 7–5 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20197830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20197830" title="List of San Diego Padres seasons">
List of San Diego Padres seasons

The San Diego Padres are a professional baseball franchise based in San Diego, California.
They began play in 1969, but did not achieve their first winning season until 1978, though they failed to sustain this over the next half-decade. However, in 1984 the Padres surprisingly reached their first-ever postseason appearance and won the National League Championship before losing to a very strong Detroit Tiger outfit in the World Series.
This did not usher in a prolonged period of success for the Padres, who failed to achieve a second postseason appearance until 1996, and after a disappointing 1997 they rebounded again with a franchise-best ninety-eight wins and reached the World Series only to face another exceptionally formidable opponent in the late-1990s Yankees dynasty. The Padres yet again faltered, but achieved four consecutive winning seasons for the only time in franchise history between 2004 and 2007 without winning more than one playoff game. The Padres have not played in the postseason since 2007 despite only the fourth 90-win season in franchise history during 2010.

</doc>
