<doc id="20158495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158495" title="Zeaspora">
Zeaspora

Zeaspora (scientific name "Diheterospora zeaspora") is a rare medical condition and species of fungus. It is a condition in which the host or infected is subjugated to quantities of an uncommon species of infectious fungaloid yeast spores or the microorganisms themselves.This condition is highly contagious,and manifests itself in humans,dogs and other mammals, as well as various bird species, such as the common raven.ref>Barker-Friebe Medical journal 1999</ref> The danger, symptoms can be widely varied. The origins of this rare disease is also not known or still subject to speculation.
Origins.
The origins of zeaspora is not well known, being an obscure and rarely contracted disease. There are several theories regarding its origin. The most likely, widely accepted by biologists, pathologists, and veterinarians alike is that it arose in the moist subtropical climate of Tierra Del Fuego, first spread by birds in the wet, foggy conditions. From there, it is believed to have been transmitted to resident human populations as well as domesticated livestock and spread northwards. The condition is transmitted through a variety of ways: predominantly through sporing and airborne infection, but physical contact with infected parts can also result in development.
Symptoms.
This fungal disease usually appears to be very similar to conventional yeast infections. Zeaspora can, however, be manifested as color ranging anywhere from white to dark gray in later stages and feeling from smooth and damp to rough and irregular in later stages. The fungus especially colonizes moist or sheltered areas of the body, such as the groin area, armpits, and mouth, but in severe, advanced or untreated cases can spread to other parts. The disease, however, involves little in the way of lethality, but is characterized by itchiness and swelling in the afflicted regions. In some rare cases (0.2%), the disease can become very painful, with burning inflammation. This is usually a result of an allergic reaction to the fungus, but can also be brought on by certain medications. Normally, zeasporas progression in humans and most mammals lasts anywhere from 3–8 weeks, depending on medication, climate (the pathogen appears to favor colder, damp climates) and the infected individual. It has been shown to exist in birds, most notably the common raven for much longer periods of time.
The most effective treatment is widely debated but there are many methods of combating this ailment is the use of ethanol solution application, though it is not advisable for all versions of the disease, depending on afflicted region and progression and because of pain complications. The use of diuretics concerning infection of genitalia may also be employed to stop and eliminate the infection, though the process may take several weeks. In addition, the fungal yeast spores are notorious for recurring in more than a quarter of patients.

</doc>
<doc id="20158521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158521" title="San Marcos Municipality, Guerrero">
San Marcos Municipality, Guerrero

San Marcos is one of the 81 municipalities of the Mexican state of Guerrero. Its municipal seat is the town of San Marcos.
The municipality of San Marcos covers an area of 960.7 km² and is home to approximately 50 000 inhabitants. Ethnically, the population is mainly indigenous with a considerable mixing with African and to a lesser extent, European settlers. It comprises 138 villages and towns, examples of which include El Cortes, Las Vigas, El Cerro, Vista Hermosa, Tecomate de Pesqueria, Monte Alto, Santo Domingo, Las Ramaditas and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20158559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158559" title="Blair Wingo">
Blair Wingo

Blair M. Wingo Linne (born 27 November 1984 in Grand Rapids, Michigan) is a model, actress, and Christian spoken word artist.
She appeared on shows including "Alias", "Days of our Lives", "Malcolm in the Middle", "Boston Public", "The Parkers" and "American Dreams", as well as her own Saturday morning show, SK8 (Skate).
Blair's poetry has been featured on ABC's Nightline and in the Los Angeles Times.
She is married to Christian rapper Shai Linne.
Filmography.
Blair was partnered with Carrot Top in the 1-800-CALL-ATT series of commercials

</doc>
<doc id="20158563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158563" title="New Routes">
New Routes

New Routes is an album by Scottish singer Lulu recorded between 10 September and 2 October 1969 at Muscle Shoals Sound Studio, one of that facility's earliest recordings, for a 16 January 1970 release.
"New Routes" was the debut album release by Lulu on Atco Records and was produced by the top production team at the label's parent Atlantic Records: Tom Dowd, Arif Mardin and Jerry Wexler. Wexler had been interested in Lulu since 1964 when his business associate Bert Berns had recorded her on "Here Comes the Night" and her 1969 signing to Atlantic's Atco label was facilitated by Lulu's becoming the fiancée of Maurice Gibb of Atco's top act the Bee Gees.
"New Routes" was preceded by the October 1969 release of the track "Oh Me Oh My (I'm a Fool for You Baby)" which gradually accrued enough popularity to reach the Top 30 of the "Billboard" Hot 100 in February 1970, which month "New Routes" also debuted on "Billboard"'s Top 200 album chart on its way to a #88 peak. The album produced no further A-sides; in May 1970 the track "Where's Eddie" was utilized to back "Hum a Song (From Your Heart)" the advance single from the "Melody Fair" album.

</doc>
<doc id="20158571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158571" title="Nam Le">
Nam Le

Nam Le (born 1978) is a Vietnamese-born Australian writer, who won the Dylan Thomas Prize for his book "The Boat", a collection of short stories. His stories have been published in many places including "Best Australian Stories 2007", "Best New American Voices", "Zoetrope: All-Story", "A Public Space" and "One Story".
Life and early career.
Nam Le came to Australia from Vietnam with his parents, when he was less than a year old, as a boat refugee. He attended Melbourne Grammar School and the University of Melbourne, from which he graduated with a BA (Hons) and LLB (Hons). His Arts thesis supervisor was the Australian poet Chris Wallace-Crabbe. He worked as a corporate lawyer and was admitted to the Supreme Court of Victoria in 2003/2004.
Le decided to turn to writing, and in 2004 attended the Iowa Writers' Workshop in the United States where he completed a Masters in Creative Writing. He became fiction editor at the "Harvard Review". His first short story was published in "Zoetrope" in 2006. Nam Le also held fellowships at the Fine Arts Work Center in Provincetown in 2006, and at the Phillips Exeter Academy, in 2007.
In an interview on Australian ABC radio, he said he turned from law to writing due to his love of reading: "I loved reading, and if you asked me why I decided to become a writer, that's the answer right there, because I was a reader and I was just so enthralled and thrilled by the stuff that I'd read that I just thought; what could be better? How could you possibly better spend your time than trying to recreate that feeling for other people". In the same interview he said that his first writing was poetry.
He returned to Australia in 2008, but is moving to Great Britain to take up a writing fellowship at the University of East Anglia.
When asked about his source of inspiration, Nam Le said in 2008 that "I’d say I’m most inspired by my parents for the choices and sacrifices they’ve made. It still boggles me".
Style.
Regarding his style, Nam Le said in an interview that "one of the demarcations is writers that deal primarily with language, the more lyrical minded writers, and writers that are more structurally oriented. I always used to...I started out writing poetry and reading poetry, and so I always knew that that was the side that I was most predisposed to, and so I actually had to be quite careful in these stories to not overdo that impulse, to not throw too many images or indulge too many lyrical flights of fancy."
"The Boat".
The book, first published in 2008, comprises seven short stories which take the reader to such places as Colombia, New York City, Iowa, Tehran, Hiroshima, and small-town Australia. In the opening story, "Love and Honor and Pity and Pride and Compassion and Sacrifice", he writes about a Vietnamese-born character called Nam Le who is attending a writing workshop in Iowa. In a conversation with Michael Williams he said about the practice of using a narrator close to "self" in a story:
A lot of people presume if I'm writing a narrator who has clear parallels to me, that's just sheer inertia; that there's a natural adaptation from so-called life to so-called text. But any careful reader or writer would understand how much artifice and contrivance go into making this self-standing and self-contained. Actually it's tougher: if I stick in something that has more resonance for me than is communicated on the page, then that's a failure of my charge as a writer . . . I'm not creating a good enough space for the reader to come in and fully partake in that scene or that language or that line."
Each story provides "a snapshot of a pivotal point in the characters' lives".
Nam Le has said of his Vietnamese heritage and writing that:My relationship with Vietnam is complex. For a long time I vowed I wouldn’t fall into writing ethnic stories, immigrant stories, etc. Then I realized that not only was I working against these expectations (market, self, literary, cultural), I was working against my kneejerk resistance to such expectations. How I see it now is no matter what or where I write about, I feel a responsibility to the subject matter. Not so much to get it right as to do it justice. Having personal history with a subject only complicates this — but not always, nor necessarily, in bad ways. I don’t completely understand my relationship to Vietnam as a writer. This book is a testament to the fact that I’m becoming more and more okay with that.
Australian short story writer, Cate Kennedy, interviewing Nam Le said that "The Boat" has put the short story back in "the literary centre stage".

</doc>
<doc id="20158576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158576" title="Marlon Licona">
Marlon Licona

Marlon Javier Licona López (born 9 February 1991) is a Honduran footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Motagua in the Honduran league.
Club career.
Licona made his official debut in Liga Nacional on 17 April 2010 at Estadio Sergio Antonio Reyes against Deportes Savio.
International career.
Licona was part of the Honduras national under-17 football team that participated on the FIFA U-17 World Cup in South Korea. He was also call for the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Egypt, however he was second goalkeeper and didn't play a game.

</doc>
<doc id="20158591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158591" title="Piers Island">
Piers Island

Piers Island is an island in British Columbia, Canada, located on the boundary of Discovery Passage, a waterway which with nearby Haro Strait forms the section of the United States-Canada border separating the Gulf Islands in British Columbia, of which Piers is a part, and the San Juan Islands of Washington state.
Name.
The island is named for Henry Piers (d. 1902), a Royal Navy surgeon who served on the HMS "Satellite" and HMS "Investigator and at the Pacific Station (Esquimalt), later Deputy Inspector of Hospitals and Fleets.
History.
In the early 1930s a portion of the island was a penal colony used to house Sons of Freedom (a group of Doukhobor extremists.)

</doc>
<doc id="20158595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158595" title="The Original 2 Live Crew">
The Original 2 Live Crew

The Original 2 Live Crew is a compilation album of rare and unreleased material by rap group, 2 Live Crew. It was released on May 16, 1995 by Blue Dolphin Entertainment and was produced by the members of the group. The album was similar to the groups album, Deal with This as both contained rare songs from the groups early days.

</doc>
<doc id="20158607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158607" title="Melody discography">
Melody discography

This is the discography of Japanese pop singer melody..

</doc>
<doc id="20158627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158627" title="Erich Fischer">
Erich Fischer

Erich Horst Fischer (3 July 1910, Allenstein, East Prussia – 1969) was a German experimental physicist. He worked at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics (KWIP) and contributed to the German nuclear energy project, also known as the Uranium Club. After World War II, he helped rebuild the KWIP branch at Hechingen, was a professor at the University of Tübingen and Ankara University, and then a research scientist for the German firm GKSS.
Education.
From 1929 to 1935, Fischer studied at the "Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn", the "Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München", and the "Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität" (today, the "Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin"). He received his doctorate at the University of Berlin under Walther Nernst and A. Deubner.
Career.
After receipt of his doctorate, Fischer was a teaching assistant to W. Friedrich at the University of Berlin from 1935 to 1936. In 1937, he became an assistant under Peter Debye and Werner Heisenberg at the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für Physik" (KWIP, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics) in Berlin-Dahlem; today, the KWIP is known as the "Max-Planck Institut für Physik"). He completed his "Habilitation" in 1939, and he then also became a "Privatdozent" at the University of Berlin in 1942.
During World War II, Fischer worked in the German nuclear energy project, also known as the "Uranverein" (Uranium Club). His contributions included determination of the rate of neutron multiplication in heterogeneous uranium-moderator combinations.
In the latter years of World War II, Berlin scientific organizations moved equipment and personnel out of the city to escape effects of Allied air raids. The KWIP had partly evacuated to Hechingen and Haigerloch in southern Germany. The "Uranmaschine" (nuclear reactor) B 8 (B-VIII) was constructed in Haigerloch. The construction of the reactor utilized 1.5 tons of heavy water, 1.5 tons of uranium, and 10 tons of graphite. The configuration was uranium in the form of cubes (40 chains of 9 cubes each and 38 chains of 8 cubes each) in heavy water surrounded by graphite. The report on the B 8 experiment was written by Fritz Bopp, Erich Fischer, Werner Heisenberg, and Karl Wirtz from the KWIP and Walther Bothe, Peter Herbert Jensen, and Oskar Ritter from the "Institut für Physik" (Institute for Physics) of the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für medizinische Forschung" (KWImF, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Medical Research), in Heidelberg. Fischer, and to a lesser extent Bopp, were found by blood tests to have suffered damage from neutron radiation exposure.
After 1945, Fischer helped to rebuild the Hechingen branch of the KWIP. In 1948, Fischer transferred to the "Eberhard Karls Universität Tübingen" and became a lecturer on experimental physics; in 1950, he became a "nichtplanmäßiger Professor" (supernumerary professor) there. In 1956, he became a full professor at the Ankara University. From 1956, he was employed at the newly founded German firm GKSS, where he conducted research for the construction of nuclear reactors.
Internal Reports.
The following reports were published in "Kernphysikalische Forschungsberichte" ("Research Reports in Nuclear Physics"), an internal publication of the German "Uranverein". The reports were classified Top Secret, they had very limited distribution, and the authors were not allowed to keep copies. The reports were confiscated under the Allied Operation Alsos and sent to the United States Atomic Energy Commission for evaluation. In 1971, the reports were declassified and returned to Germany. The reports are available at the Karlsruhe Nuclear Research Center and the American Institute of Physics.

</doc>
<doc id="20158645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158645" title="Ron Scott">
Ron Scott

Ronald Scott (born July 21, 1960 in Guelph, Ontario) is a retired NHL hockey player. He was a goaltender for the New York Rangers and the Los Angeles Kings in the 1980s early 1990s. 
Scott was member of the Tulsa Oilers (CHL) team that suspended operations on February 16, 1984, playing only road games for final six weeks of 1983-84 season. Despite this adversity, the team went on to win the league's championship.
Amateur career.
Scott played for the Cornwall Royals in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, and also with Michigan State University in the NCAA.
Professional career.
Scott began his professional career playing in the CHL with the Tulsa Oilers. He went on to play 28 games in the NHL with the New York Rangers and Los Angeles Kings. He also played in the AHL with the New Haven Nighthawks, and in the IHL with the Colorado/Denver Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="20158657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158657" title="Ashfield Sports Club">
Ashfield Sports Club

Ashfield Soccer Club is a football (soccer) club based in the eastern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia playing in the Football West State League Division One.
History.
Formed in 1970 the club was first named Ashfield Dynamo and competed in the Semi Professional League Division 2 in 1976. 
Following the Australian Soccer Federation decision to ban all ethnic names at all level of competition, the club was renamed Ashfield Soccer and Sports Club. 
In 1996 a partnership with Bunbury saw the name changing to Ashfield-Bunbury. In 2001 Bunbury Soccer Club decided to strike out on their own and the name changed back to Ashfield Soccer and Sports Club. 2010 saw the name shortened to Ashfield Sports Club
2012 Season Transfers.
Transfers in.
First Team
Transfers out.
First Team

</doc>
<doc id="20158674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158674" title="John Trudeau">
John Trudeau

S. John Trudeau (c. 1927 – November 3, 2008) was an American musician who expanded the music department at Portland State University and helped co-found the outdoor Britt Festival of performing arts in Jacksonville, Oregon, the first of its kind in the Pacific Northwest.
In 1951, Trudeau came to Portland, Oregon to join the Oregon Symphony as its principal trombone player. Trudeau first came to Southern Oregon in 1955 with the Portland Symphonic Brass Ensemble for a performance at the Oregon Shakespeare Festival in Ashland, Oregon, whose founder suggested the creation of a classical musical festival in the area. Trudeau began a search, hoping to find an area that would be like Tanglewood in Massachusetts, home of the Tanglewood Music Festival.
Together with Sam McKinney they established the Britt Festival in 1963 as a two-week long celebration of music in Jacksonville, described by "The Oregonian" as "a picturesque former gold-mining town in southern Oregon". The two had been searching for a site and found it in an area that had been homesteaded by Peter Britt in the 1850s, and recognized that the site's natural acoustics made it appropriate for outdoor performances. The only such festival on the West Coast of the United States when it was created, the stages were constructed with plywood and canvas, with lights set inside tin cans. By the time of Trudeau's death in 2008, the event had grown to a four-month long performing arts event from June into September, featuring top names in classical, dance, pop, rock and musical theater and inspiring dozens of other festivals throughout the West.
Starting as an instructor, Trudeau spent 32 years at Portland State, rising to full professor, and was later appointed department chairman and ultimately dean of the School of Fine and Performing Arts. In 1977, he hired the members of the Florestan Trio as artists-in-residence and faculty members in the music department. With the group's appointment, the music department was able to attract better-qualified students. The university orchestra, which Trudeau conducted, expanded in size and improved in quality.
Trudeau died at age 81 on November 3, 2008 from complications related to congestive heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="20158675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158675" title="David Kinkade">
David Kinkade

David Kinkade (born August 25, 1983) is an American former musician.
History.
David Kinkade was born in New Jersey in 1983. At the age of three, he started picking up drums after his Grandfather gave him his first drum kit.
He has become known for his extreme hand and double bass speeds and technique. David's technique is not limited to metal; He is experienced in jazz, fusion, prog, swing, rock, and many others genres of music.
His influences include bands such as Metallica, Pink Floyd, Kiss, Iron Maiden, Sepultura, Immortal, Emperor and Devin Townsend Project. His drumming influences include Gavin Harrison, Horacio "el Negro" Hernandez, Nick Barker, Mike Mangini, Hellhammer, Nick Mason, Carmine Appice, Vinnie Appice, Dave Lombardo, Nicko McBrain, Peter Criss, Eric Singer, Eric Carr, Neil Peart, Lars Ulrich and Pete Sandoval.
In August 2011, he was announced as the drummer of Soulfly, replacing Joe Nunez.
In October 2011, he parted ways with Borknagar.
In October 2012, he announced his retirement from drumming, leaving Soulfly after their show in Bangkok.
Personal.
Aside from his drumming career, Kinkade is known for his interest in animal welfare. In 2007, he started a foundation called the "Metal 4 Pets Foundation", which stands against animal abuse. The Metal 4 Pets Foundation's goal is to unite the metal world to fight animal abuse.
David also has a teaching background which includes eight years of private instructions. In the summer of 2008, David worked with 13 students ranging from ages 7–13 at a middle school program aimed at teaching children with autism the beginning fundamentals of drums and percussion.
He currently lives in Chicago and is a railroad conductor.

</doc>
<doc id="20158683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158683" title="Wakeful (disambiguation)">
Wakeful (disambiguation)

To be wakeful is to experience the metabolic state of catabolism.
Wakeful may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20158718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158718" title="Howard Scruton">
Howard Scruton

Howard Scruton (born October 6, 1962 in Toronto, Ontario), is a former professional hockey player that played 4 games for the Los Angeles Kings in the NHL.

</doc>
<doc id="20158754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158754" title="Two Medicine Campground Camptender's Cabin">
Two Medicine Campground Camptender's Cabin

The Two Medicine Campground Camptender's Cabin in Glacier National Park is an example of the National Park Service Rustic style. Built in 1923 and altered in 1992, when it gained electricity, it was the chief point of administrative contact in the park's Two Medicine area and served as a seasonal ranger residence.

</doc>
<doc id="20158765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158765" title="Tomáš Vlasák">
Tomáš Vlasák

Tomáš Vlasák (born February 1, 1975) is a professional hockey player that plays for the Plzeň HC in the Czech Extraliga. He played 10 games with the Los Angeles Kings during the 2000-2001 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20158781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158781" title="Mark Redhead">
Mark Redhead

British producer, director, and occasional actor. He was the producer of "Bloody Sunday" and an executive producer of God on Trial. He has been nominated for several awards and won a BAFTA TV Award in 2000 for "The Murder of Stephen Lawrence".
Biography.
Born in Newcastle upon Tyne. Attended Uppingham School, Rutland, and Newcastle University. Related to the broadcaster Brian Redhead.

</doc>
<doc id="20158788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158788" title="Brendan Myers">
Brendan Myers

Brendan Cathbad Myers, PhD, is a philosopher and author known for his contributions in environmental philosophy, Druidry and Neo-Druidism, mythology, and applied virtue ethics.
Philosophy and Writings.
Normative in their conception, Myers’ works fundamentally examine ideas regarding the interconnectedness of creation and emphasize the importance of strong moral character as vital to the health and well-being of the world and society. Myers criticizes utilitarian views, especially "negative" utilitarianism, which holds that ethics require nothing more than the minimization of harm, and of deontological views, which emphasize social duties and adhering to social norms, i.e. rules. As an alternative to utilitarianism and deontology, Myers explores the ethics of character and identity, self-knowledge and shared life.
"My question was whether
the environment is ethically significant, and
what that must ultimately mean for the choices
we make individually, politically and
collectively. I wanted to know whether
there is a 'right' way of living in and with the
natural world.
"I invented a way to think about our ethical
responsibilities to future generations – in
which an act that harms no one or infringes
no one's rights is still considered to be
morally wrong."
"The morally correct way to
treat the environment is to shape it
into the kind of world in which we
may flourish best as human beings."
"Rather, I think we
should involve ourselves in the world,
shaping it and making use of its natural
processes as a gardener might do, in order to
make the whole landscape of the Earth into a
garden fit to be the dwelling place of a peaceful
and fully flourishing human community."
"It cannot be for lack of
scientific or technical know-how that pollution
and resource depletion continues to ruin our
landscapes and make life hard for millions of
people. If we want to change the world for
the better, all we need do is muster the
political will." P 14 March/April 2006 issue 29 SEPAView The Magazine of the Scottish Environmental Protection Agency.
Biographical Information.
Born in 1974, in Guelph, Ontario, Canada, Brendan was raised in Elora Ontario, a small village north of Guelph in Wellington county, Ontario. He was born the eldest son of an Irish-Canadian family and completed a bachelor’s degree in drama and philosophy in 1996 and then a master’s degree in philosophy in 1999, both from the University of Guelph. While at university, he became more involved in ethics and environmentalism and he converted from Catholicism to Paganism becoming an activist member of the neo-Pagan community. Myers continued his academic career in Ireland, and eventually completed a doctoral dissertation entitled "Time and the Land" at the National University of Ireland, Galway.
Professional Life.
His first published work was a play entitled "Visions of a Better Way" which won a competition for high school students run by University of Guelph's department of English.
Brendan attended the University of Guelph for undergraduate studies in Drama, starting in January of 1992.
He further attended Memorial University of Newfoundland, reading folklore there in 1994.
Myers then began his Masters studies at Guelph in 1998, majoring in philosophy. In 2000 he published a dissertation titled "Animism, Spirit, and Environmental Activism", and was matriculated.
For the two years following he served as president of a labour union (CUPE local.)
Myers began doctoral studies in philosophy at the National University of Ireland, Galway in 2001, touring the European continent, especially England and Germany.
He completed doctoral studies in 2005 with a dissertation entitled "Time and the Land: Four Approaches to Environmental Ethics, Climate Change, and Future Generations."
Pagan Activism.
Myers Returned to Canada in late 2005, and taught philosophy at several universities and colleges in Ontario and Quebec. In 2007, he worked as a contract researcher for the Government of Canada studying Aboriginal values and ethics, morals and logic in relation to police work and peacekeeping and consensus government.
In 2008 he was awarded the Mount Haemus Award for research in Druidry, from the OBOD in association with Salisbury Cathedral.
Myers currently lives in Gatineau, Quebec, where he is professor of philosophy and humanities at CEGEP Heritage College. He claims to be the only openly-pagan philosophy professor in the world.
Academic Influence.
Myers' works have been quoted in the published works of numerous influential neopagan writers, including Emma Restall-Orr (in "Living with Honour"), Philip Carr-Gomm (in "What do Druids Believe?"), Graeme Talboys (in "The Way of the Druid"), Janet Farrar and Gavin Bone (in "Progressive Witchcraft"), and Isaac Bonewits (in "Bonewits Essential Guide to Druidism"). His work also appears on pages 185 to 191 of "Out of the Broom Closet" edited by Arin Murphy-Hiscock.
Published works.
Non-Fiction
Fiction
Game
Bibliography summaries for indexing.
Hallowstone
Summary "As Eric mourns Katie’s death, a flamboyant stranger draws him into a conspiracy to destroy a magical well.
Katie’s death left Eric grief-stricken for months. So when the smooth-talking Heathcliff claimed to have spoken with Katie’s ghost, Eric wanted to hear more. He followed Heathcliff to Hallowstone Castle, where a seer told him that Katie had been murdered. Meanwhile, a magical well in Fellwater Grove comes under attack. Eric volunteers to help investigate the attackers, but the more he learns about the true nature of the well, the more his loyalties are put to the test, and the deeper he falls into danger. Without knowing who to trust, and without time to heal his grief, Eric must find Katie’s killer, and face a momentous choice.
As the sequel to "Fellwater", "Hallowstone" fills in more of the background for the Brigantians and their ancient rivals, and reveals more of the conspiracy against them. Hallowstone is adventurous, thoughtful, and imaginative.
Published October 2012
"Fellwater" is a modern fantasy novel about two lovers caught between two rival factions of an ancient secret society.
On the night Katie tried to tell Eric her true feelings, all they did was argue, and she left with a broken heart. But then she met Carlo, a charming, cosmopolitan, and mysterious man from an Italian noble house. In his presence a mystical vision overtook her, and she remembered meeting him before, thousands of years ago, in the ancient Celtic iron age. But she awoke the following morning in a hospital, without knowing how she got there, and she learned that Eric spent the night in jail after being chased by gunmen. All was not as it seemed, and they were both in terrible danger.
"Myers' characters inhabit a world rich with political intrigue; the machinations of aristocratic families descended from ancient gods. Fellwater is taut, poignant, and imaginative." - Jordan Stratford, author of "Mechanicals"
Release: February 2012.
Iron Age - Council of the Clans
A strategy game of power, honour, and democracy
In this social strategy game, players compete and co-operate with each other to build an Iron age community. The better you manage your village, and the better you manage your relations with other players, the more honour you will gain. And the more honour you gain, the better your position will be at a special democratic assembly called the Landsmoot, where one player will be elected the Chieftain.
Originally designed as a teaching tool for a college course in political science, the simple rules of Iron Age allow many strategic possibilities. From the "hard power" of the army to the "soft power" of trade and culture, just about every facet of politics in the real world can be represented here – all depending on how you play!
Circles of Meaning, Labyrinths of Fear
You’ve heard of sacred places, writings, relics, and rituals, holy days and magical times of year. But these are actually representations of relationships that people have with each other and the elements of the world.
Some of these relationships environmental: they involve landscapes, animals, and the streets of your home town. Some are personal, such as families, friends, and elders. Some are public, involving musicians, storytellers, medical doctors, and even soldiers. This book studies twenty-two relationships, from a variety of traditions, and shows their place in ‘the good life’.
Yet these relations are always fragile, and threatened by fears, from the fear of loneliness, to the fear of the loss of personal or political freedom, to the fear of death. To escape from these fears, people often trap themselves into ways of life that are bad for everyone, including themselves. This book studies how that happens, and how to prevent it.
More than beliefs, laws, and teachings, our relationships are the true basis of spirituality, and freedom.
Published by: Moon Books / an imprint of John Hunt International.
Release Date: 30 March 2012
ISBN 978-1-84694-745-2
E-Book ISBN 978-1-84694-746-9
Paperback, 483 pages.
A Study of the Sacred, Part One
Everyone experiences loneliness in their lives. Yet most people are secretly afraid of it, and will do nearly anything to avoid it. Few are willing to talk about it at all.
A recent study found that half of all Americans have only one close friend that they can confide in, and one-quarter of all Americans have no close friends at all. The last United States census found that 27.2 million households, one-fourth of the total, consisted in just one person. Half a century ago, that was the case for only one-tenth of all households. Research has also shown that popular self-help methods to cope with loneliness, such as reciting positive affirmations, often make people feel worse than they already do.
In these forty-five meditations, the author shows that loneliness is not simply a social phenomenon, nor a medical condition, nor a weakness of will. Rather, it is an existential condition of life; a part of the way things are in the world. So you can't turn to other people, or "true love", for a solution. Nor can you turn to God, for God is probably lonelier than you are! But loneliness is neither good nor evil. Indeed it can be a source of profound spiritual insight. Great religious heroes like Odin, Moses, Jesus, Buddha, and Mohammed made their most important spiritual discoveries in solitude.
Using a simple philosophical discourse, this book offers a new understanding of the idea of Revelation. It is available to everyone, not just to priests and prophets. It can push back the frontier of loneliness, and render life meaningful and beautiful and worthwhile. It has four simple but far-reaching principles: "I am here; this is what I am; and what I am is beautiful! Is anyone else out there?"
The Other Side of Virtue
Using ancient heroic epics and sagas like "Beowulf", the "Iliad" and "Odyssey", the Eddas, the "Tain Bo Cuailnge", and the works of the Renaissance and Romanticism, Shakespeare, Tolkien, and J.K. Rowling, this book explains the world-view that gave birth to our virtues.
The Celts, the old Norse and Germanic people, the Greeks of the time of Homer and Hesiod, and other ancient heroic societies are popularly believed to be tribal warrior cultures, where the light of civilisation had not yet dawned. In fact this is far from the case. Many of our own most fundamental ideas about politics, justice, friendship, true love, the good life, and especially the notion of
Virtue itself, come from their world. To them, Virtue had nothing to do with purity, nor modesty, nor God-given laws, nor sin and guilt, nor with any Sunday-school pretentiousness. Rather, it originally meant 'excellence' and 'greatness of soul'. It was tied to more assertive qualities like strength and courage, and to social qualities like friendship. It was also connected to spiritual principles like the nature of the soul, the hope for immortality, and even the pursuit of happiness itself. In that world-view, life involves inevitable confrontations with inexplicable events like fortune, nature, other people, and death itself. However, the good life itself becomes possible when we face them and respond to them.
A Pagan Testament
Pagans often claim that their spiritual inspiration comes not from a written scripture but from personal experience and original creativity. While this is true, there are also many written works which constitute its "testament", or its central literary expressions of spiritual identity. Some of them are thousands of years old, such as the Descent of Ishtar, and the Homeric Hymn to Demeter.
Others are more recent, such as the Charge of the Goddess. These written works have not been brought together, in the same book, since the movement began.
"A Pagan Testament" collects these original works, along with the poetry and prose that inspired the founders of Wicca when it all began. It also includes the largest collection of circle songs and wisdom teachings ever published: over 100 wisdom-teachings and 130 circle songs, contributed by almost two thousand people, from twelve different countries around the world! These together form something like the Pagan equivalent of the Biblical books of Psalms and Proverbs. They show that Paganism is continually growing and being contributed to. Finally, the book includes an original and valuable philosophical commentary and interpretation.
The Mysteries of Druidry
The Druids were the mystics, philosophers, and magicians of the ancient Celtic world. Their spirituality was borne from the near-worship of poetry and music, warrior prowess, and the world of nature.
This book describes this mystical romanticism as it was in ancient times, and offers various ways to bring it to life today in both private and social realms. The whole exploration of the Celtic spirit is guided by the basic impulse of all mysticism, which is to "Know Yourself". The book shows the many ways in which this impulse shines through Celtic tradition, principle, custom, and heritage.
Professionally-researched, provocative, and informative, the world of the Druids is brought to life by not only Celtic mythology and traditional storytelling, but also by stories of the author's own experiences of living and traveling in Ireland and visiting its sacred sites. This book combines a well-researched, high-quality "training manual" for modern spiritual Celts and Druids, with an original and thought-provoking philosophical account of the spiritual meaning of Druidry.
"The Island"
A collection of Brendan's folkish, myth-telling, and silly songs from pagan bardic circles over the last twenty years
This title is not available anymore as he ran out of CDs. He is in the process of joining SOCAN and making it available on various popular internet download sites.
His first book, "Dangerous Religion: Environmental Spirituality and its Activist Dimension" is now out of print. In the meanwhile, have a look at my Masters' Thesis, "Animism, Spirit and Environmental Activism" (available from the Archive of the Government of Canada as a PDF Download:
Dangerous Religion was essentially a version of that thesis re-written for the trade-paperback audience.
A tenth book, "The Earth, The Gods, and the Soul: A History of Pagan Philosophy" will be published by Moon Books in early 2014.
Accolades from other artists and activists.
"Brendan Myers is smarter than me."
- Isaac Bonewits, at the "Fire in the Hearth" conference, Ottawa, July 2009.
"While Myers' ideas may not resonate with everyone, he should be commended for being at the forefront of an effort to write better Pagan books. He, along with some other authors of note, are writing those "advanced" books we all keep saying we want."
- Jason Pitzl-Waters, author of The Wild Hunt Blog (on 30 November 2008), the most read pagan blog on the internet.
"Myers’ analysis confronts our very raison d’être against our uncertain times. He asks the questions that most prefer not to ask."
- Michael York, Professor of Theology, Bath Spa University.
"Our guest Myers is a man of letters, a man for the people, a man who respects Mother Earth, and all her children. In my mind he is the perfect role model and a true purveyor of ancient teaching with passion and integrity."
- Yvonne Boyer, hostess of God Box Cafe podcast, in Episode 80 (6 November 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="20158860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158860" title="E29">
E29

E29 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20158861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158861" title="E23">
E23

E23 may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20158864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158864" title="Cut Bank Ranger Station Historic District">
Cut Bank Ranger Station Historic District

The Cut Bank Ranger Station in Glacier National Park was one of the first buildings built in Glacier by the National Park Service. Built in 1917, the design is in keeping with park hotel structures built by the Great Northern Railway in a Swiss chalet style that predated the fully developed National Park Service Rustic style.
The station was manned year-round until the late 1930s when it became a summer-only station. It was one of the first National Park Service-built facilities in Glacier. The design pre-dates the standardized National Park Service Rustic style, using a similar but simplified construction technique resembling pioneer construction. It is similar to the Saint Mary Ranger Station.
A barn was added in 1935 by Civilian Conservation Corps labor, along with a woodshed. Both structures were built to adaptations of Park Service standard designs.

</doc>
<doc id="20158873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158873" title="Robert M. Townsend">
Robert M. Townsend

Robert M. Townsend (born April 23, 1948) is an American economist and professor, the Elizabeth and James Killian Professor of Economics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Prior to joining MIT, he was the Charles E. Merriam Distinguished Service Professor in the Department of Economics at the University of Chicago, where he remains a Research Professor.
Biography.
Townsend received his B.A. from Duke University in 1970 and Ph.D. from the University of Minnesota in 1975. He began teaching at Carnegie Mellon University in 1975, and became a Professor at the University of Chicago in 1985 where he stayed full time until moving to MIT in 2008. From 1987 to 1989 Townsend was also editor of the Journal of Political Economy.
In addition to his professorships, Townsend is the Principal Investigator and Project Director of the Enterprise Initiative, funded by the John Templeton Foundation, and the Principal Investigator of the Consortium on Financial Systems and Poverty, funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Additionally, he is a consultant for numerous institutions, including the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, the World Bank, and Banco de España.
Townsend is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and of The Econometric Society, as well as an Elected Member of the National Academy of Sciences. He was the recipient of the Jean-Jacques Laffont Prize in 2011, and a Frisch Medal in 1998 for his work on village India and in 2012 for the structural evaluation of a large-scale microfinance program in Thailand; Townsend is the award's only two-time winner.
Research.
Townsend began his work as a theorist in general equilibrium models and contract theory/mechanism design, but is known primarily for his work on revelation principle, costly state verification, optimal multi-period contracts, decentralization of economies with private information, models of money with spatially separated agents, and forecasting the forecasts of others. His contributions in econometrics include the study of risk and insurance in developing countries.
Since 1997, Townsend's Thai Project has undertaken large scale village surveys in Thailand to analyze the interaction between household decisions and community behavior at the level of families, villages, regions, and the nation. The Townsend Thai study was the first of its kind and has been the stepping stone for many other applied and theoretical projects in economic development and contract theory. Townsend's work has demonstrated innovation in the combination of theory and data, as well as the ability to work across various sub-fields.

</doc>
<doc id="20158892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158892" title="Mizuo Peck">
Mizuo Peck

Mizuo Peck (born August 18, 1977) is an American actress best known for playing Sacagawea in the film "Night at the Museum" and its sequel.
Life and career.
Peck was born in New York City, New York of Japanese, Irish, English, and Cherokee descent. She is a 1995 graduate of Fiorello LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts and a 1999 graduate of SUNY Purchase, earning a BFA in Acting. Peck was a member of TADA! Children's Theater Company from age 11 to age 14. She currently lives in New York City. Her biggest role thus far was in the 2006 movie "Night at the Museum" where she played Sacagawea, a role she reprised in the sequel, "".
Peck was photographed by Bruce Weber for French "Vogue" in 1995 and for the cover of "L'uomo Vogue" in 1997. She performed "365 Days/365 Plays" by award winning playwright Suzan-Lori Parks at the Joseph Papp Public Theater.

</doc>
<doc id="20158936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158936" title="Bostitch">
Bostitch

Stanley Bostitch, previously and more commonly known as simply Bostitch, is an American company that specializes in the design and manufacture of fastening tools—such as staplers, staple guns, nailers, riveters, and glue guns—and fasteners—such as nails, screws, and staples. Its product range covers home, office, construction, and industrial use. The company developed a number of improvements to what would become the modern desk stapler. It is a subsidiary of Stanley Black & Decker.
In 2013, Stanley Black & Decker began selling tradesman's power tools and mechanic's hand tools and pneumatic tools under the Bostitch brand at Wal-Mart stores and online distributors.
History.
Bostitch was founded in Arlington, Massachusetts in 1896 by Thomas Briggs as the Boston Wire Stitcher Company. Briggs had invented a machine that stitched books from a coil of wire. The company began manufacturing various other kinds of staplers for industrial use.
It largely focused on commercial stitching machines. However, in 1914, the company introduced its first "portable stapling machine," the Model AO, considered an ancestor of the modern desk stapler. In 1922, the company introduced the first stapler to use modern-style cohered strip staples, the Bostitch No. 1. This was a revolutionary design because it was inexpensive and reliable. During World War II the company joined five other firms to form the New England Small Arms Corporation for manufacture of M1918 Browning Automatic Rifles.
In 1948, the company officially changed its name to Bostitch, a portmanteau of "Boston" and "stitch." In 1957, the company moved to its current location in East Greenwich, Rhode Island. In 1966, Textron purchased the company, and in 1986, Stanley Works acquired the company from Textron.

</doc>
<doc id="20158954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158954" title="Propionibacterium freudenreichii">
Propionibacterium freudenreichii

Propionibacterium freudenreichii is a Gram-positive, non-motile bacterium that plays an important role in the creation of Emmental cheese, and to some extent, Leerdammer. Its concentration in Swiss-type cheeses is higher than in any other cheese. Propionibacteria are commonly found in milk and dairy products, though they have also been extracted from soil. "P. freudenreichii" has a circular chromosome about 2.5 Mb long. When Emmental cheese is being produced, "P. freudenreichii" ferments lactate to form acetate, propionate and carbon dioxide (3 C3H6O3 → 2 C2H5CO2 + C2H3O2 + CO2).
The products of this fermentation contribute to the nutty and sweet flavors of the cheese, and the carbon dioxide byproduct is responsible for forming the holes, or "eyes" in the cheese. Cheesemakers control the size of the holes by changing the acidity, temperature, and curing time of the mixture. An estimated one billion living cells of "P. freudenreichii" are present in one gram of Emmental. In contrast to most lactic acid bacteria, this bacterium mainly breaks down lipids, forming free fatty acids. Recent research has focused on possible benefits incurred from consuming "P. freudenreichii", which are thought to cleanse the gastrointestinal tract. "P. freudenreichii" has also been suggested to possibly lower the incidence of colon cancer. This mutualistic relationship is unusual in propionibacteria, which are largely commensal.
The performance and growth of "P. freudenreichii" is highly dependent on the presence of "Lactobacillus helveticus", which provides essential amino acids. The degradation of "L. helvecticus" releases a variety of amino acids and peptides. While "P. freudenreichii" has been found to grow even in the absence of "L. helvecticus", some strains of the bacteria were observed lysing in the absence of glutamine, lysine or tyrosine. The autolysis of "P. freudenreichii" has been suggested to contribute further to the flavor of the Emmental cheese. The conditions leading to the autolysis of this bacterium are not well known.

</doc>
<doc id="20158959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158959" title="Kirkwood Otey">
Kirkwood Otey

Kirkwood Otey (October 18, 1832-June 1, 1897) served as the commanding officer of the 11th Virginia Infantry in the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia during the American Civil War.
Civil War service.
Otey commanded the regiment first as a major, then as a colonel in the years 1864-1865, until General Robert E. Lee's surrender to General Ulysses S. Grant at Appomattox Court House, Virginia, on April 9, 1865. While still a major in command of the 11th Virginia, Otey was wounded in the shoulder during the immortal frontal assault known as Pickett's Charge near Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. This occurred on the third and final day of the Battle of Gettysburg (the bloodiest and probably most decisive engagement of the conflict), on July 3, 1863. Otey survived, however, and would serve as commanding colonel of the unit until the war ended.
Postbellum.
Otey died in 1897 and is buried in Lynchburg, Virginia's Spring Hill Cemetery next to his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="20158960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158960" title="Daniel Romalotti">
Daniel Romalotti

Daniel Romalotti Jr. is a fictional character on the CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless". The role had most notably been portrayed by Michael Graziadei from 2004 to 2013. 
Daniel is the son of Phyllis Summers (Michelle Stafford) and Danny Romalotti (Michael Damian), however a later storyline revealed that Daniel's biological father is a man named Brian Hamilton. Daniel's major storylines have included a love story and marriage with Lily Winters (Christel Khalil), to which their parents disapproved of, as well as being married to Amber Moore (Adrienne Frantz). Most recently, Daniel fathered a child named Lucy after the mother, Daisy Carter (Yvonne Zima), raped Daniel. Other storylines include his strong friendship with Kevin Fisher (Greg Rikaart), the death of Cassie Newman (Camryn Grimes), and short-lived romances with Abby Newman (Marcy Rylan) and Eden Baldwin (Jessica Heap).
Casting.
The character was first portrayed by twins Desiree and Hannah Wheel from 1994 to 1996, after which Michael McElroy took over the recurring role from 1996 to 1997. Chase MacKenzie Bebak portrayed Daniel from 1997 to 1998, followed by Roland Gibbons, who had a brief stint until the character was written out.
Subsequently, the character was rapidly aged, with Cam Gigandet assuming the role on March 10, 2004. The actor was fired after only a few days, and he last aired as Daniel on May 6, 2004. The role was recast with Owen Beckman, but the actor was also fired soon after landing the role; as opposed to Gigandet, Beckman's scenes were deleted when Michael Graziadei was cast in the role, who debuted on May 10, 2004. In May 2009, Grazidei signed a new contract with the soap, furthering his portrayal of Daniel for the foreseeable future. In November 2012, it was announced that Graziadei had chosen not to renew his contract and would be leaving "The Young and the Restless". He made his last appearance on January 3, 2013. However, Graziadei later reprised the role for four episodes from July 30 to August 2, 2013 to help usher his onscreen mother, Michelle Stafford, out of the series.
Storylines.
Daniel was born off-screen on August 17, 1993; his birth year has since been revised to 1987. Daniel first arrived in Genoa City in 2004 after returning from boarding school to live with his mother, Phyllis Summers. Because she did not raise him as a child, Daniel resented Phyllis as well as her boyfriend, chemist Damon Porter. Daniel then befriended Kevin Fisher, who was desperate to regain some respect after performing some not so nice deeds. Daniel agreed to help him out in exchange for hooking him up with Mackenzie Browning. The two had a lowlife named Alex come on to Lily Winters too strong, so that Kevin could rescue her and that she would like him. Alex went too far and slipped her a date rape drug and attempted to rape her. However, Kevin did arrive in time to "save" her. When Alex kept threatening Daniel and Kevin, Phyllis found out, and she and Damon scared Alex enough to get him out of town. Daniel then decided to give Phyllis a chance.
Daniel had a romance with Lily Winters in 2005, after he was involved in an accident with Cassie Newman, resulting in her death. Suffering memory loss from the accident, Daniel could not remember that fourteen-year-old Cassie was driving in an ill-fated attempt to drive a drunken Daniel home herself. Daniel and Lily then ran away to Los Angeles to escape vehicular homicide charges, and a Romeo and Juliet-style romance unfolded. The fugitives were caught, and Daniel was soon exonerated. Lily's furious parents, Neil and Dru Winters, soon sent her away to boarding school, leaving Daniel devastated. Lily returned in February 2006, and they reunited and eloped in Las Vegas. Later on, Alex returned to blackmail Daniel and Kevin. Daniel then decided to come clean to Lily, who then told her parents. However, she decided to forgive him as did her parents.
In early 2007, Daniel began a flirtation with the conniving Amber Forrester, of which Lily was unaware. He then began helping her in her mission to keep her new husband, Cane Ashby, so that she could get her hands on his newfound family's money. To say thank you, Amber gave Daniel a pass to watch a video of her on an adult website, which eventually led to Daniel becoming addicted to pornography. After Lily figured out that Amber was the person that had a picture of her naked breasts on Daniel's cellphone, she realized that she couldn't trust her husband any longer and subsequently kicked him out. When Neil found out about Daniel's recent behavior, he fired him from his job at Newman Enterprises. Daniel then moved in with Kevin and Amber.
Daniel, Amber, and Kevin found a princely sum of money ($700,000 to be precise) belonging to Plum, one of Amber's beaus from her "Strangers By Night" days. They found the money next to Plum's dead body and decided to keep it all a secret. They then received a visit from John Bonacheck who claimed to be looking for Plum and his money because Plum had stolen it from his war buddy, Carson McDonald. It turned out Bonacheck was a rogue member of the FBI who wanted the money for himself and even kidnapped Amber, Cane and Carson. Once they were rescued, Daniel, Kevin and Amber were arrested.
However, Kevin's brother and lawyer, Michael Baldwin, had the charges against them dropped. All of this commotion caused Daniel and Lily to end their marriage. Lily then began a relationship with Cane, while Daniel soon began a flirtation with A.D.A. Heather Stevens, after she began to show her more sensitive side, which was a big deal considering that she was attempting to prosecute him, Kevin and Amber. She also managed to send his mother to prison for extortion, although she was released after two months. After Daniel threw Heather a party to cheer her up in the midst of her court cases, and he and a drunken Amber had sex.
Since the encounter made their living together awkward, Amber moved out. However, the two were unable to stay away from each other, and they had sex again, which ended with Daniel discovering that Amber had kept some of the stolen money that they got from Plum. Although she tried to convince him and Kevin to keep it, they decided to burn it. Daniel then got Amber a job at his mom, Nicholas Newman, Jack Abbott, and Sharon Newman's new magazine "Restless Style." While at the launch party for the magazine, Amber helped convince Daniel to mend the rift between him and his father, Danny Romalotti, who came to perform at the event. He and Amber then began an actual relationship. Daniel's father offered him a job on his tour as an assistant photographer, which Daniel accepted.
Daniel returned home on July 10, 2008, and he found out from his girlfriend, Amber, that his mother, Phyllis Summers Newman, had been trying to break them up by making Amber believe that Daniel had been cheating on her. Soon after, she informed him that she slept with Adrian Korbel out of inadequacy, whereupon he angrily and suddenly broke up with her and left her apartment, much to her devastation. He struggled to get over the break-up via rebound dates with Colleen Carlton. On October 15, 2008, Amber and Daniel got back together.
In early 2009, Daniel started his painting and drawing with Amber at his side as a fashion designer. In mid 2009, Daniel was asked to make a fake copy of a 'Terroni,' and he would get paid a sum of money for it. Later, it is believed that he and Jana Hawkes, Kevin's wife, killed the man who asked him to do this in an alley. Daniel managed to stay out of jail long enough to meet Deacon Sharpe, Amber's ex-lover and father of Amber's adopted child, Eric Sharpe, when she was in Los Angeles. Then, Daniel was put in jail, leaving Amber to get him out of jail herself. While Daniel was in jail, he received a phone call from Deacon, claiming to be Michael, Daniel's lawyer. On the other end, he heard Amber and Deacon having sex. When Amber visited him later, he yelled at her, asking her why she did that and what was he supposed to do now that he was going to propose to her. Amber and Daniel consequently broke up. Daniel was soon released, due to the DVD that Deacon sent to the A.D.A, Heather Stevens.
On September 14, 2009, Daniel proposed to Amber, calling her his "soul mate". Two months later, he and Amber were finally married. The couple ignored the fact that the date was Friday the 13th, which was often associated with bad luck. Their marriage began to fall apart over Amber's obsession of her adoptive son, Eric Forrester Sharpe, and Daisy Callahan's personal obsession with Daniel.
Daisy was the daughter of Sheila Carter and Tom Fisher, making her Kevin's half-sister. She drugged and had sex with a barely conscious Daniel, who thought he was having sex with his wife, Amber, while her aunt, Sarah Smythe, posing as Lauren Fenmore, attempted to kill Phyllis on another scheme with Patty Williams, who was posing as Dr. Emily Peterson Abbott. Amber then realized that Daniel didn't betray her. However, her fear over Eric's safety led to her abandoning him, and therefore ending their marriage. Amber left Genoa City with Eric in tow, and a heartbroken Daniel finally gave up on their marriage. Daniel decided not to give up on his friendship with Jana Hawkes just because she and Kevin were getting a divorce. Jana was touched by Daniel's kind words.
Soon after, Daniel began a flirtation with a now grown-up, Abby Newman. In October 2010, a powerful storm hit Genoa City, and Daniel decided to help a worried Abby look for her mother, Ashley Abbott. When the storm became too much, the two took shelter at Crimson Lights. Daisy then returned to town, pregnant with Daniel's daughter. Phyllis did not believe that the pregnancy was possible, and she ordered a paternity test. It was confirmed that Daniel was the father; however, he did not take the news well. He ultimately agreed to have Daisy stay with him until the baby was born, which caused friction between him and Kevin, who planned to become the baby's guardian once she was born, being that the baby would be his niece.
On New Year's Eve, Daniel searched for Daisy when she went into labor and escaped from Jana, who was supposed to be driving her to the hospital. He ultimately found her on the side of the road, stopped on her way to Canada and about to give birth. He helped her deliver their baby girl. As Daniel was holding his daughter, Daisy took a flashlight and hit Daniel over the head with it. He was later found and taken to the hospital for his injuries inflicted by Daisy. A few days later, Daniel was released and brought home.
Meanwhile, Abby was sent to rehab by her parents, Victor Newman and Ashley Abbott, in order for her to keep her mouth shut about the truth regarding Tucker McCall's accident. Upon returning to Genoa City from rehab, Abby tried to reconnect with Daniel, since they both got caught up in their own lives and grew apart. Diane Jenkins arranged for paparazzi to come to GloWorm, where Daniel and Abby were talking. Daniel thought that Abby set the entire thing up as a publicity stunt for her alter ego, the "Naked Heiress". He told her that what they had was over because he didn't want to deal with her constant need for attention.
In February 2011, Daniel found out from a DNA test that Billy and Victoria Abbott's baby daughter, Lucy Abbott, was his biological child. Daisy left her baby in a safe house after she knocked Daniel out. The couple who found the baby gave it to Primrose DeVille in exchange for money. Primrose worked on the black market, selling abandoned children to couples who could afford to skip the adoption process. When Victoria found out that she could not have any more children, Billy decided to adopt a baby girl from Primrose for her, and he paid $2 million for their daughter, Lucy. Upon seeing Lucy, Daniel knew that she was his daughter, which was confirmed after the DNA test. Daniel wasn't sure whether he would let her be raised by Billy and Victoria or if he would file for custody of her. He decided in the end that it was better for Lucy to have Billy and Victoria as her parents because he saw how much that they love her. He did, however, confide in his friend and ex-wife, Lily Ashby, as they have both lost someone that they loved in a way. Being that Lily lost her husband, Cane Ashby, who faked his own death in order to protect Lily and their twins, and Daniel lost his daughter, although that choice was his own.
In May 2011, Lucy and Delia Abbott, Billy's daughter with his ex-wife Chloe Mitchell, were kidnapped by Lucy's nanny, Jana Hawkes. Daniel came clean to both Billy and Victoria about being Lucy's biological father. Daniel then signed away his parental rights, despite the objections of an angry and outraged Phyllis, who wanted custody of Lucy herself, now that she knew that Billy got the baby off the black market. Daniel tried to reason with his mother that he was doing the right thing and that Lucy was with parents that love her. Phyllis, however, refused to listen to Daniel, and she vowed to fight for custody of her granddaughter. On June 17, 2011, Daisy was awarded custody of Lucy with the judge overruling the Abbott's adoption. Daniel was livid at his mother for what she did, and he disowned her. On July 7, 2011, Daniel kissed Lily at Jimmy's Bar, not knowing that Cane was watching. On August 18, 2011, Lily helped Daniel celebrate his birthday with her brother, Devon Winters, Noah Newman and his friend Hunter, and Kevin and his "sister" (Michael Baldwin's half sister who Kevin treats as a sister), Eden Baldwin, at Jimmy's Bar. Lily then took Daniel back to the Athletic Club where she rented a room for the two of them, making it clear that she wanted to pursue a romantic relationship with him. While they were half-naked and making out on the bed, Lily began to flash back to her life with Cane, and she told Daniel that she couldn't have sex with him, and she walked out.
The next day, Lily went to Daniel's apartment to apologize for leading him to believe that she wanted something that she really wasn't sure that she wanted. During their heartfelt talk, the two got caught up in the moment and made love. Daniel told her that he wasn't expecting it, but it just felt right, and she agreed with him. However, Daniel hurt his budding relationship with Lily when he told her father, Neil, that Lily was allowing Cane to visit their children again. Neil then berated Lily for allowing Cane back into her life. Angered that Daniel would tattle on her to her father, she told him that she wanted him to stay away from her. Cane and Lily would later reunite, much to Daniel's dismay. On November 8, 2011 Daniel finds out from Daisy that Avery Clark is his aunt. Unhappy over Lily's decision to stay with Cane despite his warnings, Daniel turns to Eden Baldwin, who is unhappy over her former boyfriend Noah Newman not wanting to be with her anymore, as a shoulder to cry on. Both talk about their broken relationships, and their friendship becomes something more.
Daniel then finds himself being a source of comfort and support to Chloe Mitchell after Kevin is forced to leave her at the altar, no thanks to a mobster's daughter named Angelina, who has a major crush on Kevin. Daniel continues to be Chloe's shoulder to cry on when she finds out that Kevin is not only back in town but also married to Angelina. Chloe goes to the party being held in their honor at Gloworm and slaps Kevin in the face, leaving him devastated. She then leaves with Daniel. Daniel, with help from Angelina, get Kevin and Chloe back together and watches them marry on March 27, 2012.
Daniel then finds himself in a difficult position when he discovers that Daisy wants custody of Lucy. Phyllis evens goes as far as hiring Ricky Williams to get close to Daisy so that whatever information he gets from her can be used against her in the custody hearing. It proves, however, not to work as Daisy wins custody of Lucy, and Daniel is forced to wait six months before he can try again. Fearing for his daughter's safety, Daniel proposes to Daisy, who accepts, and the two elope. The marriage proves to be an unhappy one as Daisy is happy to finally have what she wants while Daniel is only married to her for Lucy's sake. Deeply hurt over her husband's unwillingness to love her and his mother's hatred of her, Daisy decides to team up with Ricky Williams to get him to help her and Lucy leave town. However, when Daisy turns up missing, Daniel is the prime suspect despite the fact that Ricky is the one setting him up.
Daniel, despite his ill-will towards Daisy, regrets that she has died for Lucy's sake. He is forced to come to terms with the fact that his mother attempted to kill Paul and Christine in 1994. And on top of all of this, he has begun to develop new feelings for Heather, although things get complicated as she is leading the case against Phyllis. Daniel and Heather ended up kissing several times, which angered Phyllis, calling Daniel a traitor to their family. To appease the public, Daniel and Heather agreed to start dating in private.
Daniel has been largely absent lately, which, according to Christine, is because he went back to Chicago to search for Daisy, who had been residing at Fairview, very much alive, but was recently released.

</doc>
<doc id="20158999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20158999" title="St. Mary Utility Area Historic District">
St. Mary Utility Area Historic District

The St. Mary Utility Area Historic District comprises a support area of Glacier National Park with employee housing and support buildings in the prevailing National Park Service Rustic style. The complex was built by Civilian Conservation Corps labor to replace the administrative facilities at East Glacier Ranger Station in a location more convenient to the new Going-to-the-Sun Road. The majority of development occurred between 1933 and 1941. Buildings include maintenance buildings, an oil house, a dormitory and barns. The area is surrounded by residences, not included in the district, built during the Mission 66 program and later.
A ranger station was established in the area in 1913. A mess hall was built by 1925 to serve trail and road crews. With the completion of the Going-to-the-Sun Road in 1933, the administrative facilities were expanded to complement the main administrative headquarters on the west side of the park.

</doc>
<doc id="20159014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159014" title="Ro64-6198">
Ro64-6198

Ro64-6198 is an nociceptoid drug used in scientific research. It acts as a potent and selective agonist for the nociceptin receptor, also known as the ORL-1 (opiate receptor like-1) receptor, with over 100x selectivity over other opioid receptors. It produces anxiolytic effects in animal studies equivalent to those of benzodiazepine drugs, but has no anticonvulsant effects and does not produce any overt effects on behaviour. However it does impair short-term memory, and counteracts stress-induced anorexia. It also has antitussive effects, and reduces the rewarding and analgesic effects of morphine, although it did not prevent the development of dependence. It has been shown to reduce alcohol self-administration in animals and suppressed relapses in animal models of alcoholism, and ORL-1 agonists may have application in the treatment of alcoholism.
Ro64-6198 was able to be recognised as a discriminative stimulus by rats distinct from other opioid receptor ligands, but was not able to produce the conditioned place preference thought to be indicative of addictive potential. Consequently while the role of ORL-1 receptors in the body is complex and remains poorly understood, Ro64-6198 has demonstrated multiple pharmacological actions and has been very useful in the study of the ORL-1 receptor system, especially in relation to anxiety and anorexia; however, due to poor oral bioavailability, Ro 64-6198 will most likely not be pursued clinically. Studies in primates showed it to have analgesic effects but without producing respiratory depression or reinforcing effects.

</doc>
<doc id="20159025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159025" title="2009 Japanese Grand Prix">
2009 Japanese Grand Prix

The 2009 Japanese Grand Prix (formally the XXXV Fuji Television Japanese Grand Prix) was the fifteenth round of the 2009 Formula One season. The race was held at the Suzuka Circuit on October 4, 2009.
Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull won the race ahead of Toyota's Jarno Trulli and World Champion Lewis Hamilton leading through the whole race.
With two races remaining in the 2009 season, Vettel's win maintained his slim hopes of winning the Drivers Championship, with Championship leader Jenson Button finishing eighth, one place behind Rubens Barrichello. The result left Button and Barrichello's Brawn team half a point away from clinching the Constructors Championship.
Report.
Background.
Jenson Button led Brawn GP team-mate Rubens Barrichello by 15 points going into the race, with Sebastian Vettel 10 points further back driving for Red Bull Racing. Mark Webber could no longer win the Championship.
Brawn also led Red Bull by 42½ points in the Constructors' Championship, and only needed to maintain this lead to take the trophy. McLaren and Ferrari were 3 points apart in the Constructors' Championship in 3rd and 4th, with their lead drivers Lewis Hamilton and Kimi Räikkönen also separated by 3 points in 5th and 6th in the Drivers' Championship; Ferrari led on both counts.
Fernando Alonso won the 2008 Japanese Grand Prix for Renault, which was held at Fuji Speedway. Alonso also won the last race at Suzuka, in 2006. Other former winners lining up include Brawn GP's Rubens Barrichello, Ferrari's Kimi Räikkönen and World Champion Lewis Hamilton. It was the first time since 1991 that a Schumacher (Michael or Ralf) was not on the grid at Suzuka.
Eight of the drivers had not raced at Suzuka in Formula One before, owing to the Fuji Speedway having hosted the Japanese Grand Prix in 2007 and 2008. Those drivers included Lewis Hamilton, Sebastian Vettel, Heikki Kovalainen, local driver Kazuki Nakajima, Adrian Sutil, Sébastien Buemi, Jaime Alguersuari and Romain Grosjean. However, both Vettel and Sutil had driven the circuit in practice sessions before when they served as test drivers in 2006.
The 2009 Japanese Grand Prix saw Lewis Hamilton, Heikki Kovalainen and Adrian Sutil all start their fiftieth race in Formula One.
Practice.
The Friday practice sessions were dominated by heavy rain that severely reduced running time. Toyota's Timo Glock was advised not to drive as he was suffering from a fever, and was replaced by GP2 driver Kamui Kobayashi.
The first practice session saw Sebastian Vettel and Lewis Hamilton set the early pace, with lap times rapidly falling as the track dried out. The second half of the session was dominated by local driver Kazuki Nakajima, who narrowly missed out on setting the fastest time after McLaren's Heikki Kovalainen set a time three tenths of a second quicker in the final phase. Championship contenders Rubens Barrichello, Sebastian Vettel and Jenson Button finished 10th, 17th and 18th respectively.
The rain increased markedly for the second session, which saw very limited running in the first hour with Toro Rosso's Jaime Alguersuari and Sébastien Buemi being the only drivers to set times. Owing to poor visibility and limited tyre allocations, many of the drivers elected to do only a handful of laps; Nico Rosberg did just seven in comparison to the twenty he had done in the first session, a pattern followed by many other drivers. Heikki Kovalainen and both Brawn GP drivers elected not to take to the circuit. Adrian Sutil went on to set the fastest lap of the session with Sebastian Vettel in second, both of them some seven seconds slower than Kovalainen's first session time.
Saturday's third and final practice session started with contact between championship leader Button and Alguersuari that saw the Brawn driver require a replacement front wing. The session was largely dominated by Alguersuari's Toro Rosso stablemate Buemi, with fellow Red Bull compatriot Sebastian Vettel a close second until Jarno Trulli set a time six hundredths of a second quicker on his final lap. The hour-long session was dry, with Trulli's 1:31.709 almost ten seconds faster than Heikki Kovalainen's FP1 time and 17 seconds quicker than Adrian Sutil in FP2. At the end of the hour, championship contenders Vettel, Barrichello and Button were fourth, seventh and ninth respectively and separated by just over two hundredths of a second; just one second ultimately covered the top 16 drivers. Elsewhere, Timo Glock returned to his seat whilst Romain Grosjean out-paced Renault team-mate Fernando Alonso. Red Bull's Mark Webber crashed near the Degner Corner, damaging his car to such an extent that he was unable to take part in qualifying. As the damage was heavy enough to require the chassis to be re-built, Webber had to start the race from the pit lane.
Qualifying.
With Webber unable to take part in qualifying, only four drivers would be eliminated in the first session. An early spin into the barriers by Sébastien Buemi looked as if that number would become three, but his team repaired the car in time for him to do a single fast lap. The early pace-setter was Sebastian Vettel, who exchanged blows with the Toyota of Trulli before ultimately coming out on top by the end of the session. Meanwhile, Jaime Alguersuari made the second part of qualifying for the first time in his short career, with Giancarlo Fisichella, Kazuki Nakajima, Romain Grosjean and Vitantonio Liuzzi joining Webber in an early exit from qualifying.
The second session was dominated by two accidents that both resulted in red flags. The first was Jaime Alguersuari, who speared off at the Degner Curve, the same place as Webber in the earlier practice session and the scene of Buemi's off-track excursion in the first segment of qualifying. The second accident was more serious, with Timo Glock crashing heavily at the final corner. The session was stopped for some time as medics attended to him and his car was removed. The session resumed with eight minutes remaining and saw a final push by the Brawn drivers to make it into the top ten shootout. The final moments were marked by another off by Buemi at Spoon, which left debris on the circuit as he limped back to the pits. Glock was flown by helicopter to hospital during Q3 with a wound on his left leg, and back pain. The times set by the Brawn drivers were threatened should someone protest following an incident where they set their best – and only – times during a yellow flag period.
Heikki Kovalainen joined the growing list of drivers who crashed at the Degner Curve early in the third part of qualifying, though the damage was minimal and the circuit quickly cleared. The damage to Sébastien Buemi's car after his earlier off was deemed too great to be able to repair in time, and like Kovalainen, he failed to set a time, meaning that Q3 would be contested by eight drivers. When the track had re-opened after Kovalainen's accident, there were just five minutes remaining on the clock. Sebastian Vettel once again topped the timing sheets, putting him in a strong position to keep his title campaign alive, while rival championship contenders Barrichello and Button could only manage fifth and seventh respectively. Jarno Trulli qualified the sole remaining Toyota in second in his team's home race, with reigning World Champion Lewis Hamilton in third.
After qualifying, Jenson Button, Rubens Barrichello, Nick Heidfeld, Robert Kubica, Fernando Alonso and Adrian Sutil were all called before the stewards on charges of speeding during the yellow-flag caused by Sébastien Buemi's off in the final moments of Q2. Buemi himself was later summoned on the charge of driving a damaged car. All of the drivers except for Heidfeld and Kubica were given five-place grid penalties.
Race.
Sebastian Vettel led the race from the start; aside from a brief attempt by Lewis Hamilton at passing him into the first corner, the Red Bull driver would remain relatively unthreatened. The opening lap was clean, with the only major changes in position coming from Sébastien Buemi, who nearly stalled, and Jenson Button, who fell from 10th down to 12th behind the BMW Sauber of Robert Kubica and the Ferrari of Giancarlo Fisichella. Button subsequently reclaimed those positions within the opening laps.
Hamilton slotted into second place while Jarno Trulli assumed third. Further back, Mark Webber, having started from the pit lane, pitted three times in the opening four laps; the first two due to his headrest coming loose, and the third for new tyres after he picked up a puncture. Most of the overtaking in the early stages of the Grand Prix took place with the first wave of stops, Vettel remaining unchallenged for the lead. An incident at the Casio Triangle saw Adrian Sutil and Heikki Kovalainen collide at relatively low speed, allowing championship leader Button to sneak through into a points position.
The middle stint of the race was as quiet as the first, with the only passes being Kovalainen out-dragging Fisichella in the pit exit lane, and a mistake from Hamilton allowing Trulli to pass him as he emerged from the pits. A problem with the KERS unit on his car meant that Hamilton subsequently struggled to stay in touch with the Toyota driver. Meanwhile, the Toro Rosso drivers had not fared well, with a clutch problem spelling an early retirement for Buemi, whilst Jaime Alguersuari lost control after touching the astro turf on the outside of 130R which resulted in a spin into the tyre wall and the safety car being deployed ten laps from the end.
By the time the wreckage from Alguersuari's accident was cleared away and the track considered safe for racing once more, there were just five laps remaining. Vettel continued to put as much space between him and second place as possible, while ninth-placed Kubica threatened Jenson Button in an attempt to wrest the single championship point for eighth place away from him. Button prevailed after deciding not to challenge team-mate Rubens Barrichello for seventh. He later protested to the stewards that Williams' Nico Rosberg had been speeding under the safety car – though Rosberg was acquitted after a stewards' hearing found mitigating circumstances.
Vettel ultimately won the race from Trulli and Hamilton with Kimi Räikkönen in fourth. Mark Webber, although down in last and 2 laps down, took the fastest lap on the last lap by 0.002 seconds to deny Vettel a Grand Chelem. His victory and subsequent ten championship points meant Vettel stayed in contention for the drivers' title, 16 points adrift of Button, who kept a 14-point lead over Barrichello going into the penultimate race. Vettel was confident he could make up the large points difference, saying his Red Bull team had the momentum, while Button admitted he would be focusing on an error-free end to the season to try to clinch his first Driver's title.
Classification.
Qualifying.
"Cars that use the KERS system are marked with "‡""
Race.
"Cars that use the KERS system are marked with "‡""

</doc>
<doc id="20159044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159044" title="Oleksander Barvinsky">
Oleksander Barvinsky

Oleksander Barvinsky () (June 8, 1847 – December 25, 1926) was an important western Ukrainian cultural figure and politician, a founder of the Christian Social Party in western Ukraine. He also was a member of the Austrian parliament, chaired the Shevchenko Scientific Society and held the post of secretary of education and religious affairs of the West Ukrainian National Republic. It was during his chairmanship that the Shevchenko Scientific Society was turned into a well established academy of sciences.
Biography.
Oleksander Barvinsky was born on June 8, 1847 in Shliakhnyntsi, a village near Ternopil in western Ukraine (at the time, part of Austria–Hungary), into the family of a Ukrainian Catholic priest. From 1868 he began teaching at gymnasiums (secondary schools) in western Ukraine until 1888, when he began teaching at Lviv's teacher's seminary and later the theological seminary. Collaborating with Panteleimon Kulish, Barvinsky helped create textbooks for Ukrainian schools, and was largely responsible for the use of Ukrainian orthography and for the term of Ruthenian-Ukrainian within the schools in eastern Galicia.
In 1890, Barvinsky was one of the initiators of the "New Era" policy among Ukrainian political leaders, calling for rapproachment between Poles and Ukrainians. Even after most Ukrainian leaders abandoned this approach by 1894, Barvinsky along with Anatole Vakhnianyn refused to reconsider their positions and together with him formed the political party "Catholic Ruthenian-Social Union". A prominent community organizer and Ukrainophile activist, in 1891 he was elected to the Austrian parliament in Vienna, where he served until 1907. From 1894 until 1904 he was a member of the local Galician Diet. In 1917 Barvinsky became a member of the Austrian upper chamber (House of Lords). When Austria-Hungary fell apart following the First World War, Barvinsky became the minister of education and religious affairs of the West Ukrainian National Republic, retiring from political life after the Poles captured the capital of Lviv.

</doc>
<doc id="20159054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159054" title="Black Cocktail">
Black Cocktail

Black Cocktail is a fantasy novella by American author Jonathan Carroll.
Plot introduction.
The novel follows the activities of Ingram York, a disc-jockey in Los Angeles. The book deals with the Platonian concept that everyone was originally joined to another human being and spends their lives searching for their missing half.

</doc>
<doc id="20159056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159056" title="House of Chikovani">
House of Chikovani

The House of Chikovani (also spelled Chicovani or Chiqovani) is an important noble house of Georgia in Southeastern Europe. Dukes of Chikovani ruled a historic province, Lečxumi in northwestern Georgia. At the end of the 17th century, General Katzo Chikovani became influent in Mingrelia, a western Georgian principality. After him, his son became the ruler and assumed the dynastic name of Dadiani. 
History.
The House of Chikovani first came to prominence after General Prince Katzo Chikovani (d. 1682) was promoted to the post of the Chief Minister at the court of Levan III of Mingrelia. As he strengthened his position among the nobles of western Georgia, General Chikovani eliminated members of many prominent houses, including those of the ruling Dadiani House. When Levan III died in 1681 without leaving a male heir, his natural son Levan IV was forced to abdicate, and General Chikovani'son took over the leadership of the Principality of Mingrelia. General Chikovani's increased power facilitated the ascent of his son George to the Mingrelian Throne. George became a ruler of the principality and after adopting the title of Dadiani became known as George IV Dadiani of Mingrelia. 
Beginning with George IV till Nikolas Dadiani, Prince of Mingrelia, all members of the ruling Dadiani family were by blood members of the House of Chikovani. The lineage lasted until the principality was abolished in late 1800s by the Russian Empire which took advantage of internal instability, Ottoman Invasions during the Crimean War, and a subsequent request for help from Ekaterine Dadiani, the Last Princess of Mingrelia.
The Chikovani branch that remained without the ruling title of Dadiani traces its origins to General Chikovani's second son Jesse who did not assume the dynastic title. 

</doc>
<doc id="20159067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159067" title="George W. Baird House">
George W. Baird House

The George W. Baird House is a house in Edina, Minnesota, United States, built in 1886 by a prominent farmer in the Edina Mills community. The house was originally part of a farmstead. The house is two stories tall and is built in the Eastlake style. It has a distinctive silhouette, with multiple roof shapes, dormers, a square tower, and tall brick chimneys. The large front porch has wooden posts and balusters, with a pediment over the entrance. The exterior is embellished with stone window trim, transoms, scalloped wooden shingles in the gables, and belt courses. It was designed by prominent Minneapolis architect Charles S. Sedgwick. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The house is significant for its architecture, although it is not an outstanding example of a Charles Sedgwick-designed Eastlake house when compared to other houses. (Sedgwick also designed other properties listed on the National Register, such as the George R. Newell House and Westminster Presbyterian Church in Minneapolis, and the First National Bank and the Nehemiah P. Clarke House in St. Cloud, Minnesota.) In addition to its architectural notability, the house recalls the agricultural roots of Edina. The owner, George W. Baird, moved from Pennsylvania to Minnesota in 1857 and bought a farm in the Edina Mills area. Baird was a promoter of scientific farming practices and pioneered in livestock breeding, and he is credited with bringing the first Merino sheep to Minnesota.
In 1936, of the farm were platted as the Country Club District (Minneapolis), which itself is listed on the National Register. The home is in an excellent state of preservation, thanks to attention from current and previous owners. The house received a addition in 2002-2003 that does not detract from the original appearance when viewed from West 50th Street.

</doc>
<doc id="20159077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159077" title="Kevin Callahan">
Kevin Callahan

Kevin Callahan (born February 18, 1955) is an American football coach who is currently the head coach at Monmouth University. Callahan was the first and is the only head coach in Monmouth history. The team's first season was in 1993, and Callahan led them to a 2–5 record.

</doc>
<doc id="20159078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159078" title="Alamance Crossing">
Alamance Crossing

Alamance Crossing is a lifestyle center (outdoor shopping mall) in Burlington, North Carolina, USA. Opened in 2007, it is the second shopping mall in the city, as well as the larger. Alamance Crossing comprises more than seventy tenants, including three major anchor stores (Belk, Dillard's, and JCPenney), along with two Barnes & Noble, Hobby Lobby, Kohl's, Dick's Sporting Goods and BJ's Wholesale Club. It was developed by CBL & Associates Properties, who also manages it.
History.
Alamance Crossing opened its first phase on August 1, 2007. Its first two anchors were Belk and JCPenney, both of which relocated from existing stores at the smaller Burlington Square Mall, (now Holly Hill Mall) the town's existing shopping center. Hobby Lobby was added in 2008. A second phase brought in Dillard's and Barnes & Noble as additional anchors. A further expansion, completed in 2009, comprised a movie theater.
An expansion of Alamance Crossing in 2011 brought Kohl's, BJ's Wholesale Club and Dick's Sporting Goods to the center.

</doc>
<doc id="20159092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159092" title="Rosanne Wong">
Rosanne Wong

Rosanne Wong (黃婉君, Wong Yuen-Guan, b. 30 June 1979) is the member of a Hong Kong cantopop music group 2R alongside younger sister Race Wong.
She was born in Malaysia and moved to Singapore with her family at a very young age. She was discovered by an agent while performing in a singing contest.

</doc>
<doc id="20159093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159093" title="Nerang–Broadbeach Road">
Nerang–Broadbeach Road

Nerang–Broadbeach Road is a road on the Gold Coast. When the road reaches Broadbeach it is known as Hooker Boulevard.

</doc>
<doc id="20159106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159106" title="The Work Number">
The Work Number

The Work Number is a user-paid verification of employment database created by TALX Corporation. TALX was acquired by Equifax Inc. in February 2007. 
The Work Number allows requestors to receive immediate confirmation of an individual's employment and salary for verification purposes. The fee for this information is revealed only after the requester answers several personal questions. 
It is used by over 50,000 organizations to verify employment data. 
Some organizations that use the Work Number include Fannie Mae, Hilton Hotels, Rent-A-Center, the United States Postal Service, Domino's Pizza, and the University of Pennsylvania. Founded in 1995, the Work Number has 192 million employment records.
The Work Number is an example of outsourcing of a Human Resources department function.
Additionally, the adoption of The Work Number causes a change in the financial responsibility for verification of employment. In typical organizations, the cost of a verification of employment is borne completely by the employer and the actual cost of service is absorbed into the human resource department budget. In organizations using The Work Number, the cost is borne by the requestor of verification, who purchases either a single verification or a package of multiple verifications from TALX.
Data Collected.
The Work Number collects week-by-week salary information which is as up to date as the last pay period and can go back many years. They also collect length of employment, job titles, "location information," and "other kinds of human resources-related information, such as health care provider, whether someone has dental insurance and if they’ve ever filed an unemployment claim." 
Advantages.
Cost savings.
The service reduces the amount of time required for Human Resource departments to respond to employment verification requests. If Human Resource departments manage a large number of employees, such as universities, seasonal employers, etc. the amount of time savings and cost savings could be considerable.
Access control.
Employees of a company or organization using The Work Number's services receive an account that is set up for them on the website. Current, and presumably, former employees can log on to The Work Number at any time.
Employees control access to their records by providing a requestor (employer, landlord, or social service agency, for instance) with their social security number and employer's name. 
If the employee wishes for a requestor to see his or her salary history, the employee logs on and obtains a 6-digit code, which he or she passes on to the requestor. Without that particular 6-digit code, the requestor is not allowed to view salary of the employee.
Equifax advertises and sells some data to third parties. Companies including "mortgage, auto and other financial services credit grantors" may request pay rate information similar to a credit report. Also, "debt/collection agencies may request employment information" to verify someone's place of employment.
Instant availability of records.
Additionally, as soon as the requester receives permission from an applicant to access the record, and the fee is paid (if required), it is instantly available.
Objective nature of records.
The system reports factual information only, such as length of employment and job title. Some employers feel this reduces the risk of legal liability over the subjective content of personal references. 
Similarly, if an employee is concerned that a supervisor might share unfavorable information or be unwilling to verify employment, The Work Number provides some protection from this, as the system only reports objective data. It does not include performance reviews.
Additional HR services.
The Work Number, if set up for this service by the employer, may provide duplicate copies of W-2 forms through the employee's online portal.
Social services fee waiver.
The Work Number generally charges for verification data. However, fees are waived for Federal, State, or County Social Service Departments, who are providing benefits such as the Food Stamp program or TANF to their low-income/welfare applicants. The reports are sent by fax and may take a few days to be sent. Certain expedited services or advanced services may have fees attached.
To qualify for reduced or waived fees, the agency must register with The Work Number using an official fax number. Agencies that can take advantage of this service include eligibility programs, public housing, child support enforcement, and other public assistance needs. A "batch service" for multiple requests is also available.
Criticisms.
Security.
Recently, internet security issues at sites that contain "sensitive" information has become a big business for hackers. Questions regarding the safety of various websites that offer services (such as The Work Number) that contains this information may be compromised by hackers (and may be a future target for hackers) and a problem for internet security officials.
Call center is located in Costa Rica and requires Social Security Number adding more risk to identity theft.
Profit motive.
The Work Number charges a fee to the requesting party for each Employment Verification, with the exception of social service agencies. Requestors can choose a "pay per use" plan or can select a package which includes a certain number of verifications per month.
Because a fee (up to $25.00 per verification) is required, this increases the financial cost of verifying an individual's employment. There is a risk this cost could be passed on to the applicant. There is also a risk that a prospective requestor, such as a landlord, might not be willing to pay the fee involved, or may not understand the process.
Mandatory usage policies.
Some organizations are making use of The Work Number mandatory as the only way for employees or verifiers to receive information about a staffer's employment. This limits the availability of personalized, subjective, or qualitative references. It also requires a fee be paid each time a verification is required.
Inaccurate or out of date information.
Some consumers have complained to the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse that "the data in its database is inaccurate," or that "when they try to use the information for employment verification, their titles are outdated or otherwise misrepresent their work history."

</doc>
<doc id="20159131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159131" title="Roes Creek Campground Camptender's Cabin">
Roes Creek Campground Camptender's Cabin

The Roes Creek Campground Camptender's Cabin, also known as the Rising Sun Campground Ranger Cabin, in Glacier National Park is an example of the National Park Service Rustic style. 
Built in 1937 and designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Design, this small cabin is significant for its association with an important trend in park visitation patterns: the increase of middle-class automobile tourists and federal (versus concessioner) development of infrastructure appropriate to this new clientele. In addition to basic services, an increased NPS presence was also warranted: campgrounds were assigned seasonal “camptenders” who performed custodial duties and provided assistance to visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="20159138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159138" title="Gerce, Kozaklı">
Gerce, Kozaklı

Gerce is a village in Kozaklı, Nevşehir, Turkey. The population is 143 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20159151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159151" title="National Law School of India Review">
National Law School of India Review

The National Law School of India Review is a peer-reviewed law review published by the "Student Advocate Committee" of the National Law School of India University.
History.
The journal was established in 1988 as the "Student Bar Review". It obtained its current name in 2007. Notable authors include Justice B.N. Srikrishna (former Judge, Supreme Court of India), Rajeev Dhawan, Fali Nariman, and P.P. Rao (senior advocates).

</doc>
<doc id="20159231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159231" title="Sun Camp Fireguard Cabin">
Sun Camp Fireguard Cabin

The Sun Camp Fireguard Cabin, also known as the Baring Creek Cabin or Baring Cabin, in Glacier National Park is an example of the National Park Service Rustic style. Built in 1935 by local contractor Harry E. Doverspike, the cabin is the sole remaining building of the Sun Camp Ranger Station complex of buildings, which at one time included a ranger station, barn and woodshed located near the mouth of Baring Creek. The fireguard cabin was built according to cabin specifications provided by the NPS Division of Landscape Architecture. The only apparent dissimilarity is the center-wall placement of the entry. There is no indoor plumbing and heat is provided by a wood stove whose stovepipe exits through the back log wall to the stone chimney.

</doc>
<doc id="20159252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159252" title="Joseph Frantz Oscar Wergeland">
Joseph Frantz Oscar Wergeland

Joseph Frantz Oscar Wergeland (1815–1895) was a Norwegian military officer, cartographer and skiing pioneer.
Personal life.
Wergeland was born in Christianssand and grew up at Eidsvold. He was the son of priest and politician Nicolai Wergeland, and a brother of the poet Henrik Wergeland and feminist writer Camilla Collett. His cousin was military officer Harald Nicolai Storm Wergeland. In 1859 he returned to Christianssand, where he stayed the rest of his life.
Career.
Wergeland had many talents. He became a military officer in 1834, a First Lieutenant in 1839, Lieutenant Colonel in 1866, Colonel in 1868, and Major General in 1880.
He worked 11 years as a cartographer for the Norwegian Mapping and Cadastre Authority, where he drew the first official Norwegian county maps (the first issued was "Christians Amt" in 1845). He drew the first large and detailed map of Norway for use in schools. He was a teacher in drawing and calligraphy at the Norwegian Military Academy. He was orderly officer for the King. He was a member of the committee for the Hoved Line, Norway's first railway line, and several road constructions. As an eager sportsman and skier, he initiated military skiing divisions, and wrote a book about the history of skiing and its military applications. He is regarded as the founder of the sports clubs "Christianssand ski- og skøyteklubb" (1862) and "Oddersjaa" (1875).
A significant number of letters from the Wergeland family is preserved, largely due to Oscar, who kept the letters he received from other family members. He had a good relationship to his sister Camilla, and her articles from travels to European cities inspired his landscape work in Christianssand, as he constructed the "Wergeland park" and the "Ravnedalen park", planted Baneheia (former grazing land) with trees by use of soldiers, and transformed several main roads into large avenues. The Wergeland Park was constructed in 1859–60. It is surrounded by many old and important buildings, as the Cathedral (1696/1737/1885), "Latinskolen" (1736/1855) and the City Hall (1864).
The Ravnedalen Park was constructed in the 1870s as a romantic garden, in a valley with dramatic cliffs, waterfalls and lake. It has open areas for public arrangements like concerts, gatherings and festivals.
Statue.
Gustav Lærum's bronze statue of Wergeland in Ravnedalen Park (above) was unveiled in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="20159272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159272" title="Brazil–Mexico relations">
Brazil–Mexico relations

Brazil–Mexico relations are the diplomatic and bilateral relations between the Federative Republic of Brazil and the United Mexican States.
Both Brasília and Mexico City enjoy friendly and cordial relations. Together, Brazil and Mexico account as the most populous nations in Latin America and both nations have the largest global emerging economies and are considered to be regional powers.
According to a 2011 BBC World Service Poll, 65% of Mexicans view Brazil's influence positively, with 17% viewing it negatively, and according to a 2013 BBC World Service Poll, 49% of Mexicans view Brazil's influence positively, with 25% viewing it negatively.
Diplomatic history.
Diplomatic relations between Brazil and Mexico were established on 7 August 1824, two years after the declaration of independence of Brazil. In 1831, both nations established resident diplomatic missions in each other's capitals respectively.
In 1914, Brazil belonged to regional group called the ABC nations (which also included Argentina and Chile). These three nations made up the richest and most influential nations in South America at the time. That year, the ABC nations intervened in a diplomatic dispute between the United States and Mexico who were on verge of war over the Tampico Affair and the subsequent occupation of Veracruz by US forces. The ABC nations meet with representatives of the United States and Mexico in Niagara Falls, Canada to ease the tension between the two nations and to avoid war, which afterwards did not occur.
During World War II, both Brazil and Mexico were the only two Latin American nations to declare war on the Axis powers and to send troops to fight abroad. Brazil sent an expeditionary force to fight in Italy while Mexico sent to troops to fight in the Philippines.
Today Brazilian-Mexican relations are strong and ever strengthening. There have been several state visits between presidents of both nations to each other's countries respectively. Both nations have worked together on several important issues and have supported each other diplomatically.
The environment.
Brazil and Mexico worked together, to a certain extent, on climate change issues during the G20 summit in Los Cabos, and the Rio+20 conference, though environmentalist observers called for more.
Trade relations.
At a 2009 heads of state conference then Brazilian president Lula da Silva commented that there was "mistrust" between the two countries that needed to be overcome in order to increase trade, which he stated was a goal. He proposed further high-level talks aimed at strengthening ties between the two countries' national oil companies, Petrobras and Pemex. Mexican president Felipe Calderón stated that Mexico wanted to diversify its trade away from over-reliance on the United States and hoped to finish a free trade agreement between the two countries that has been in negotiation since 2000.
Shortly after his election in 2012 Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto criticized cuts to Brazil quotas of imported Mexican-built automobiles, and restated Mexico's interest in a free trade agreement.
Common memberships.
Both countries are members of the G20, Organization of American States, Organization of Ibero-American States, Rio Group and the United Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="20159297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159297" title="Lemon Stream (Sandy River)">
Lemon Stream (Sandy River)

Lemon Stream is a tributary of the Sandy River, that rises in the New Vineyard mountain range in Franklin County, Maine. Via the Sandy River, it is part of the Kennebec River watershed.
The source of Lemon Stream is a spring located at above sea level between Little Mountain and Caswell Mountain. It flows southeasterly across the northeast corner of Industry, enters Somerset County through the southwest corner of Anson, and then meets the larger Sandy River which forms the southern boundary of Starks. It is not to be confused with the deeply shadowed north-flowing brook in New Portland, Maine of the same name.
Lemon Stream flows from upper level wetlands on the southeastward slopes of the New Vineyard mountains, drops over numerous falls into the fields of upper Lemon Stream valley, then moves south through the sugar maple woodlands into the lower Lemon Stream valley. Here it widens and slows behind a small hydroelectric dam in Starks. Below the dam it snakes further south through more woods and farmland until the shifting sands of its delta yields to the eastward flowing Sandy River.

</doc>
<doc id="20159309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159309" title="Miniver Cheevy">
Miniver Cheevy

"Miniver Cheevy" is a narrative poem written by Edwin Arlington Robinson and first published in "The Town down the River" in 1910. The poem, written in quatrains of iambic tetrameter for three lines, followed by a line of only three iambs, relates the story of a hopeless romantic who spends his days thinking about what might have been if only he had been born earlier in time.
Some scholars have suggested that the character of Miniver is meant to be Robinson's self-aware skewering of his own sense of being an anachronism or throwback, but others have indicated that, while this may be true, Miniver also represents a critique of Robinson's culture in general. Regardless, the character portrait is similar to Robinson's Richard Cory in its presentation of a deeply discontented individual who is unable to integrate with society and is bent on self-destruction, albeit at different paces. Robinson's preoccupation with these sorts of characters is one of the reasons why some have dubbed him "America's poet laureate of unhappiness."
Reference in popular culture.
In Woody Allen's 2011 film "Midnight in Paris", the lead character Gil is compared to Miniver Cheevy by a condescending friend of his fiancee.
In Joseph Heller's "Catch-22", Major Major Major Major is also compared with Miniver Cheevy because of his late birth.
Helene Hanff compared herself to Miniver Cheevy in her 1970 book "84, Charing Cross Road".

</doc>
<doc id="20159342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159342" title="Surf Bungaku Kamakura">
Surf Bungaku Kamakura

Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Masafumi Gotō. 

</doc>
<doc id="20159365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159365" title="Archibald Gracie III">
Archibald Gracie III

Archibald Gracie III (December 1, 1832 – December 2, 1864) was a career United States Army officer, businessman, and a graduate of West Point. He is well known for being a Confederate brigadier general during the American Civil War and for his death during the Siege of Petersburg.
Early life and career.
Archibald was born into a wealthy New York family with interests in exporting cotton from Mobile, Alabama. After his elementary education, Gracie traveled to Germany for five years of further studying at the University of Heidelberg. After arriving back in the United States Archibald started his education at West Point, at the time of Robert E. Lee's superintendency. Gracie came to Lee's attention when, after intentionally stepping on fellow cadet Wharton J. Green's heels while marching, he was challenged to a fight on the parade grounds. When a teacher broke up the fight, which Gracie was losing badly, Green fled, and Gracie refused to tell who he'd been fighting. Days later, Green went into Lee's office to admit his role and demand an equal punishment. Lee decided to punish neither of them, and Gracie and Green became fast friends.
After graduating in 1854, he was appointed a second lieutenant and set off as an escort to Governor Isaac Stevens, who was on the way to the Walla Walla Council of 1855. 
In 1857 Gracie resigned his post to join his father's firm, established during the 1840s in Mobile, Alabama, as agents of the London banking firm of Baring brothers. Later Gracie became the President of the Barings Bank of Mobile. It was here in Mobile that he joined the Washington Light Infantry and became its captain. By the orders of Governor Andrew B. Moore, Archibald and his men took the Mount Vernon Arsenal.
Civil War service.
When Alabama seceded in 1861 Gracie enlisted in the Confederate States Army. In June 1861 he was created a Major of the 11th Alabama Regiment. From March to April 1862 he commanded a small company of sharpshooters, who were some of the first to reinforce General Magruder during the Battle of Yorktown. In July of that year Gracie was put in command of a brigade near Chattanooga, Tennessee, consisting of the 43rd Alabama infantry, 55th Georgia infantry, 12th Georgia infantry, 1st Georgia Artillery, and the 1st Florida dismounted regiment. Through his successes in Huntsville, Tennessee, he was promoted to brigadier general on November 4, 1862, at the age of 29. His company was the guard of the rear of General Bragg's Army in Harrodsburg during his retreat from the Battle of Perryville, and during his retreat after the Tullahoma Campaign. General Gracie's command took an active role during the Battle of Chickamauga, where he lost over 700 men.
Gracie and his unit then joined General Longstreet's army at the Battle of Bean's Station. During this battle Gracie was shot in the arm causing temporary paralysis of his little and ring fingers. After his recovery he was sent to Richmond to join General Beauregard. While there he had a horse shot out from under him, but went away relatively unscathed. During the Siege of Petersburg Gracie is credited with possibly saving General Lee's life. Lee was at "Gracie's Mortar Hell" inspecting Gracie's defenses when he rose his head over the wall to glance at the Union position, seeing this Gracie climbed the wall in front of Lee. Lee then stated "Why, Gracie, you will certainly be killed," Gracie then replied,"It is better, General, that I be killed than you. When you get down, I will."
Death.
Between July and December 1864 Gracie served in the trenches of Petersburg, Virginia, during the Siege of Petersburg. On December 1, Gracie's 32nd birthday, his second child, a girl, was born, and he was to take a leave to see the baby on December 3. On December 2, 1864, the day after his 32nd birthday Archibald Gracie was looking out at the Union lines through his telescope when an artillery shell exploded in front of him breaking his neck; it killed him instantly. Because of his actions at the Battle of Chickamauga Gracie's name was put into consideration for a promotion to a Major General, but his death caused the consideration to be suspended.
Frank O. Ticknor eulogized Gracie's Death in the poem "Gracie, of Alabama", which he sent to General Robert Chilton:
<poem>
Gracie, of Alabama! 
'Twas on that dreadful day 
When howling hounds were fiercest, 
With Petersburg at bay.
Gracie, of Alabama, 
Walked down the lines with Lee, 
Marking through mists of gunshot 
The clouds of enemy; 
Scanning the Anaconda 
At every scale and joint; 
And halting, glasses levelled 
At gaze on " Dead Man's Point." 
Thrice, Alabama's warning 
Fell on a heedless ear, 
While the relentless lead-storm, 
Converging, hurtled near; 
Till straight before his chieftain, 
Without or sound or sign, 
He stood, a shield the grandest, 
Against the Union line: 
And then the glass was lowered, 
And voice that faltered not 
Said, in its measured cadence," 
Why, Gracie, you'll be shot!" 
And Alabama answered:"
The South will pardon me 
If the ball that goes through Gracie 
Comes short of Robert Lee!"
Swept a swift flash of crimson 
Athwart the chieftain's cheek, 
And the eyes whose glance was "knighthood" 
Spake as no king could speak.
And side by side with Gracie 
He turned from shot and flame; 
Side by side with Gracie 
Up the grand aisle of Fame.
</poem>
Family.
On November 19, 1856 Archibald Gracie married Josephine Mayo, a niece of General Winfield Scott. He was also the father of Archibald Gracie IV, the famous survivor of the "Titanic" and a daughter who was born the day before his death.
Gracie is buried in Woodlawn Cemetery in New York.
Commemorations.
New York City's historic Sons of Confederate Veterans Camp, Archibald Gracie Camp #985, is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20159366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159366" title="List of people from Ilkley">
List of people from Ilkley

This is a list of notable people who were born in or near, or have been residents of Ilkley, England.

</doc>
<doc id="20159402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159402" title="Kami-Honami Station">
Kami-Honami Station


</doc>
<doc id="20159413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159413" title="Mardi Gras (music group)">
Mardi Gras (music group)

Mardi Gras was a New York based rock and roll group. They released several singles which were hits throughout Europe in 1970 and 1971, followed by an eponymous album in 1972, on Peter Anders and Vini Poncia's Map City Records label. The core of the group was three friends, Lou Burgio, Bob Azzara, and Flip Cesario, who had performed in other bands, including the Royal Teens and Joey and the Twisters in the early 1960s.
Their first release, a cover of "Girl, I've Got News for You," reached #1 in France, and moved high up the charts in Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, and elsewhere in Europe. They followed this with a cover of "Too Busy Thinking About My Baby," which again charted highly across Europe, including peaking at #19 in the UK Singles Chart in 1972. They released two other singles, "Every Day I Have to Cry Some" (1971), and "Paris Sunshine" (1972), soon after issuing their only album.
They recorded one more record, backing the French singer, Michel Laurent, on "Sing Sing Barbara," which reached #1 across parts of Europe, staying at the top of the charts in Italy for six consecutive months.
Discography.
Mardi Gras (self-titled 33rpm LP, 1970)
Single (45rpm):
Girl, I've Got News For You/If I Can't Have You*
Single (45rpm):
Too Busy Thinking About my Baby/Letter of Recommendation
Single (45rpm):
Every Day I have to Cry Some/The Days
Single (45rpm)
Give Me A Little Sign*/Paris Sunshine*
Single (45rpm)
Laurent et Mardi Gras: Sing Sing Barbara* (Issued in English, French Italian Versions)
All original US printings were on Map City Records. International pressing labels included Bell, AZ records, Pink Elephant, Pagoda
References.
https://www.facebook.com/TheMardiGras

</doc>
<doc id="20159433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159433" title="Sherburne Ranger Station Historic District">
Sherburne Ranger Station Historic District

The Sherburne Ranger Station in Glacier National Park is an example of the National Park Service Rustic style. Located in the Swiftcurrent portion of the park, it was built in 1926. It is part of a small historic district that includes a mess hall and subsidiary structures, formerly known as the Sherburne Road Camp, established in 1931. The ranger station closely resembles the ranger stations at Belly River and Lake McDonald. A checking station at the road remains substantially intact.

</doc>
<doc id="20159464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159464" title="DMPA">
DMPA

DMPA can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20159497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159497" title="Our Lady's Priory, Aarhus">
Our Lady's Priory, Aarhus

Our Lady's Priory, Aarhus () was an early Dominican foundation just outside the walls of Aarhus, Denmark.
Early history.
The exact date of the founding of Our Lady's Priory is unknown. One source, in an aside, says it was founded about 1227. The first Dominican community was established at Toulouse in 1223, so if the priory was indeed in existence by 1227, then it was a very early Dominican house. Another source in a similarly casual manner suggests 1239. Certainly by 1240 a Dominican priory was established just outside the walls of Aarhus, Jutland's largest town.
The placement of the priory was in conjunction with the still-extant church of Our Lady ("Vor Frue Kirke") which had been built in 1080 on the site of the chapel of St Nicholas' Spring, and served as the cathedral church in Aarhus from 1180. The earlier chapel had been constructed in about 1060 when Bishop Christian arrived to organize the Diocese of Aarhus. The recently rediscovered crypt church beneath the choir of the "Vor Frue Kirke" is perhaps the oldest surviving stone church in Scandinavia, dating from the reign of Sven Estridsen. When a new cathedral church was built, the Dominicans were given the use of the old church, to which they added a new choir and sacristy; by 1250 it had become the south range of the priory. The church's Gothic nave was added in 1350 and a side aisle in 1450. The tower was added in 1500. A new altar piece was carved by Claus Berg about 1530 and may still be seen in the church today. 
At the time of the Reformation the four-storey priory complex had grown extensively.
Reformation in Denmark.
Denmark became officially Lutheran in 1536 with the enthusiastic support of Christian III. All religious houses and their properties became crown property. The monks were expelled from the priory and either became local residents or travelled south into countries where monks could continue their way of life. The premises stood vacant for a time until Christian III directed that the church should be administered separately from the priory, and ordered the rest of the buildings to be converted into a "common hospital for the sick and the poor" in 1541. "Vor Frue Kirke" became a parish church, which it remains.
The buildings of the priory thus became a public hospital and a poor house, beginning a use as accommodation for the vulnerable and needy that continues into modern times.
In 1888 the priory's former old chapter hall was turned into a chapel for the residents of the priory buildings which had been turned into apartments for the elderly.
In the years after World War II it was decided to restore the "Vor Frue Kirke" and the comprehensive work was completed in the 1950s. During the course of the restoration the crypt church was rediscovered after centuries of oblivion. The medieval crucifix, thought to have been carved in 1400, which had survived the Reformation was rehung.

</doc>
<doc id="20159600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159600" title="Many Glacier Campground Camptender's Cabin">
Many Glacier Campground Camptender's Cabin

The Many Glacier Campground Camptender's Cabin in Glacier National Park is an example of the National Park Service Rustic style. Built in 1934, the small cabin is significant for its association with park visitation patterns, auto camping, and NPS rustic architecture.
The Many Glacier Campground is located approximately 2 miles west of the Many Glacier Hotel and south of the Swiftcurrent Auto Camp. The Camptender’s cabin is centrally located within the campground, amidst heavy timber. It is a single-story rectangular building constructed of an exposed-log framing system with vertical-plank siding. The building rests on a concrete-pier foundation and is covered by a log-frame side-gable roof surfaced with wood shingles. Pole purlins and rafters are exposed and the roof features a stone chimney extending from the gable ridge. A 2-step stoop of coursed, cut stone provides access to the vertical-plank door offset within the north elevation. Windows are 6 or 4-light wood frame, casement, arranged in groups of 2 or 3.

</doc>
<doc id="20159634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159634" title="Cathedral of St. John (Providence, Rhode Island)">
Cathedral of St. John (Providence, Rhode Island)

The Cathedral of St. John in Providence, Rhode Island is the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of Rhode Island of The Episcopal Church. The cathedral is located at 271 North Main Street, Providence, Rhode Island 02903.
History of the parish.
The parish was originally organized in 1722 as "King's Church", a wooden structure that was renamed "St John's Church" in 1794. That building served Providence until 1810 when work began on what would become the Cathedral of St. John. The Episcopal Diocese of Rhode Island was formed in 1790, but it was not until 1929 that "St John's Church" was designated the Episcopal seat and was renamed the "Cathedral of St. John".
The building.
The cornerstone for St. John's Church was laid in 1810 and the church was dedicated in 1811. The building was designed by Federal-era architect John Holden Greene, who designed many buildings in Providence. A Cathedral corporation was formed in 1909 and in 1929, the church was designated the Episcopal seat. The building was renovated in 1855, 1866, 1906, and 1967, and still retains its architectural integrity, but is in a state of deterioration and was listed on the Providence Preservation Society 10 Most Endangered Properties List in 2007, 2008 and 2010.
Services held.
None, suspended until further notice
References.
John Seville Higgins
John Seville Higgins

</doc>
<doc id="20159666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159666" title="Nelson Railway Society">
Nelson Railway Society

The Nelson Railway Society operates a short heritage railway line in the Founders Heritage Park, Nelson, New Zealand. 
The society has recovered and now utilises station buildings from a couple of former stations on the Nelson Section, including the Tui Railway Station building. 
The society uses a DSA class diesel locomotive on running days, and is restoring a WF class steam locomotive WF 403. The rolling stock used is from, or at least of the same class or vintage as that used on the former Nelson Section. 
The society was originally incorporated as the "Grand Tapawera Railroad Company" with the intention of establishing and operating a line on the original formation of the Nelson Section near Motupiko. 

</doc>
<doc id="20159695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159695" title="SIC-POVM">
SIC-POVM

A symmetric, informationally complete, positive operator valued measure (SIC-POVM) is a special case of a generalized measurement on a Hilbert space, used in the field of quantum mechanics. A measurement of the prescribed form satisfies certain defining qualities that makes it an interesting candidate for a "standard quantum measurement," utilized in the study of foundational quantum mechanics. Furthermore, it has been shown that applications exist in quantum state tomography and quantum cryptography.
Definition.
Due to the use of SIC-POVMs primarily in quantum mechanics, Dirac notation will be used to represent elements associated with the Hilbert space. 
In general, a POVM over a formula_1-dimensional Hilbert space formula_2 is defined as a set formula_3 of positive semidefinite operators formula_4 on the Hilbert space that sum to the identity:
A SIC-POVM is more restrictive in that the operators must be subnormalized projectors related to one another such that they have the properties of symmetry and informational completeness.
In this context informational completeness means that the probabilities of observing the various outcomes entirely determines any quantum state being measured by the scheme. This requires formula_6 linearly independent operators. Symmetry means that the inner product of all pairs of subnormalized projectors formula_7 is a constant:
The combination of symmetry and informational completeness means formula_3 is composed entirely of operators of the form
where formula_11 is a rank-one projector.
Properties.
Symmetry.
As defined above, the distinct pairwise inner product of the pure states must be a constant. Remembering that formula_12 and setting formula_13, its value can be thus demonstrated:
From which it follows in general that
Superoperator.
In using the SIC-POVM elements, an interesting superoperator can be constructed, the likes of which map formula_16. This operator is most useful in considering the relation of SIC-POVMs with spherical t-designs. Consider the map 
This operator acts on a SIC-POVM element in a way very similar to identity, in that
But since elements of a SIC-POVM can completely and uniquely determine any quantum state, this linear operator can be applied to the decomposition of any state, resulting in the ability to write the following:
From here, the left inverse can be calculated to be formula_21, and so with the knowledge that 
an expression for a state formula_23 can be created in terms of a quasi-probability distribution, as follows:
where formula_25 is the Dirac notation for the density operator viewed in the Hilbert space formula_26. This shows that the appropriate quasi-probability distribution (termed as such because it may yield negative results) representation of the state formula_23 is given by
Finding SIC sets.
Group covariance.
General group covariance.
A SIC-POVM formula_29 is said to be "group covariant" if there exists a group formula_30 with a formula_6-dimensional unitary representation such that
The search for SIC-POVMs can be greatly simplified by exploiting the property of group covariance. Indeed, the problem is reduced to finding a normalized "fiducial vector" formula_34 such that 
The SIC-POVM is then the set generated by the group action of formula_36 on formula_37.
The case of Z"d" × Z"d".
So far, most SIC-POVM's have been found by considering group covariance under formula_38. To construct the unitary representation, we map formula_39 to formula_40, the group of unitary operators on d-dimensions. Several operators must first be introduced. Let formula_41 be a basis for formula_42, then the "phase operator" is
and the "shift operator" as
Combining these two operators yields the "Weyl operator" formula_46 which generates the Heisenberg-Weyl group. This is a unitary operator since
It can be checked that the mapping formula_48 is a projective unitary representation. It also satisfies all of the properties for group covariance, and is useful for numerical calculation of SIC sets.
Zauner's conjecture.
Given some of the useful properties of SIC-POVMs, it would be useful if it was positively known whether such sets could be constructed in a Hilbert space of arbitrary dimension. Originally proposed in the dissertation of Zauner, a conjecture about the existence of a fiducial vector for arbitrary dimensions was hypothesized.
More specifically,
For every dimension formula_49 there exists a SIC-POVM whose elements are the orbit of a positive rank-one operator formula_50 under the Heisenberg group formula_51. What is more, formula_50 commutes with an element T of the Jacobi group formula_53. The action of T on formula_54 modulo the center has order three.
Utilizing the notion of group covariance on formula_38, this can be restated as 
For any dimension formula_56, let formula_57 be an orthonormal basis for formula_58, and define
Then formula_60 such that the set formula_61 is a SIC-POVM
Partial results.
Algebraic and analytical results for finding SIC sets have been shown in the limiting case where the dimension of the Hilbert space is formula_62. Furthermore, using the Heisenberg group covariance on formula_63, numerical solutions have been found for all integers less than formula_64.
The proof for the existence of SIC-POVMs for arbitrary dimensions remains an open question, but is an ongoing field of research in the quantum mechanics community.
Relation to spherical t-designs.
A "spherical t-design" is a set of vectors formula_65 on the d-dimensional generalized hypersphere, such that the average value of any formula_66-order polynomial formula_67 over formula_68 is equal to the average of formula_67 over all normalized vectors formula_70. Defining formula_71 as the t-fold tensor product of the Hilbert spaces, and
as the t-fold tensor product frame operator, it can be shown that a set of normalized vectors formula_73 with formula_74 forms a spherical t-design if and only if
It then immediately follows that every SIC-POVM is a 2-design, since
which is precisely the necessary value that satisfies the above theorem.
Relation to MUBs.
In a "d"-dimensional Hilbert space, two "distinct" bases formula_77are said to be mutually unbiased if 
This seems similar in nature to the symmetric property of SIC-POVMs. In fact, the problem of finding a SIC-POVM is precisely the problem of finding equiangular lines in formula_58; whereas mutually unbiased bases are analogous to affine spaces. In fact it can be shown that the geometric analogy of finding a "complete set of formula_80 mutually unbiased bases is identical to the geometric structure analogous to a SIC-POVM ". It is important to note that the equivalence of these problems is in the strict sense of an abstract geometry, and since the space on which each of these geometric analogues differs, there's no guarantee that a solution on one space will directly correlate with the other.
An example of where this analogous relation has yet to necessarily produce results is the case of 6-dimensional Hilbert space, in which a SIC-POVM has been analytically computed using mathematical software, but no complete mutually unbiased bases has yet been discovered.

</doc>
<doc id="20159702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159702" title="Swiftcurrent Ranger Station Historic District">
Swiftcurrent Ranger Station Historic District

The Swiftcurrent Ranger Station is an example of the Swiss Chalet style that prevailed in the early years of Glacier National Park, before the establishment of the similar National Park Service Rustic style. The station was designed by Edward A. Nickel and built by Ole Norden and S. M. Askevold. It replaced a previous ranger station, destroyed in a 1936 forest fire. All structures in the district were built within a single year and are consistent in design and materials.
The associated historic district includes five employee cabins in a similar style by the same builders, along with several utility structures.

</doc>
<doc id="20159710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159710" title="Vincenzo de Cesati">
Vincenzo de Cesati

Vincenzo de Cesati (1806 - 1883) was an Italian botanist who was a native of Milan.
He studied natural history and law at the University of Vienna, and afterwards worked as a volunteer at the Collegium Nacionale de Vercelli. From 1868 to 1883 he was director of the botanical garden at Naples. The majority of his plant collection is now preserved at the botanical institute of the University of Rome.
With Giovanni Passerini (1816-1893) and Giuseppe Gibelli (1831-1898), he was author of "Compendio della flora italiana", a 35-volume compendium of Italian flora that was published between 1868 and 1886. Other written works by Cesati include:
The plant genus "Cesatia" from the family Apiaceae is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20159716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159716" title="Chinese economic stimulus program">
Chinese economic stimulus program

The 2008–09 Chinese economic stimulus plan () is a RMB¥ 4 trillion (US$ 586 billion) stimulus package announced by the State Council of the People's Republic of China on 9 November 2008 as an attempt to minimize the impact of the global financial crisis on the world's second largest economy. Critics of China's stimulus packet have maintained that it has made matter worse by pumping excessive investments into an economy that was overheated and marked by overcapacity and overinvestment.
On June 2009, the World Bank raised its growth forecast in China for 2009 from 6.5% to 7.2% amid signs that the economy is doing better than expected, which has been helped by the stimulus package. But it says the country's exports are still down, as the rest of the world struggles with the global recession. It was previously predicted in March 2009 that the Chinese economy would grow by 6.5% in 2009, several percentage points down on 2008's growth.
Announcement.
A statement on the government's website said the State Council had approved a plan to invest 4 trillion yuan in infrastructure and social welfare by the end of 2010. This stimulus, equivalent to US$586 billion, represented a pledge comparable to that subsequently announced by the United States, but which came from an economy only one third the size. The stimulus package will be invested in key areas such as housing, rural infrastructure, transportation, health and education, environment, industry, disaster rebuilding, income-building, tax cuts, and finance.
China's export driven economy started to feel the impact of the economic slowdown in the United States and Europe, and the government had already cut key interest rates three times in less than two months in a bid to spur economic expansion.
The stimulus package was welcomed by world leaders and analysts as larger than expected and a sign that by boosting its own economy, China is helping to stabilize the world economy. World Bank President Robert Zoellick declared that he was ‘delighted’ and believed that China was ‘well positioned given its current account surplus and budget position to have fiscal expansion.' News of the announcement of the stimulus package sent markets up across the world.
Details.
2008.
As of November 15, 2008, Beijing standard time, it was revealed that the central government would only provide 1.2 trillion yuan of funds. The rest of the funds will be reallocated from the budget of provincial and local governments.
Chinese banking officials were reportedly considering establishing a fund worth between 600 billion and 800 billion yuan to purchase domestic shares listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, particularly those in the Shanghai Composite, in the event the Shanghai Index fell to 1,500 points.
2009.
On March 6, 2009, China's National Development and Reform Commission' announced a revision of the stimulus and published a breakdown of how the funds would be distributed.
Public infrastructure development took up the biggest portion – 1.5-trillion yuan, or nearly 38% of the total package. The projects lined up include railway, road, irrigation, and airport construction.
The second largest allocation – one trillion yuan – went to reconstruction works in regions hit by the 8-magnitude Sichuan earthquake in May 2008; that was followed by funding for social welfare plans, including the construction of low-cost housing, rehabilitation of slums, and other social safety net projects.
Rural development and technology advancement programs shared the same amount of allocation – at 370 billion yuan each. Rural projects in the pipeline included building public amenities, resettling nomads, supporting agriculture works, and providing safe drinking water.
Technology advancement mainly targeted at upgrading the Chinese industrial sector, gearing towards high-end production to move away from the current export-oriented and labor-intensive mode of growth. This was in line with the government's latest Blueprint for revitalizing 10 selected industries.
To ensure sustainable development, the Chinese government also allocated some 210 billion yuan, or 5.3% of the stimulus package for promoting energy saving and gas emission cuts, and environmental engineering projects.
Finally, 150 billion yuan was allocated for educational, cultural and family planning purposes.
One year later, these programs seem to have been even more successful than expected, so that on November 4, 2009, the World Bank group enhanced its "prognosis" of the Chinese BIP, by +1.2 %, to a value of +8.4 %.
2010.
China's economic growth was sustained by the economic stimulus and in addition, assisted neighboring countries with the economic recovery in 2010. Chinese economic growth was around 10 percent even as its European and North American economies were slowing. The stimulus provided funds for infrastructure projects and housing developments. Some were used to assist local governments to lend money to state-owned companies to develop housing estates, roads and bridges. This will drive employment in areas of manufacturing, steel, cement and other sectors of the economy. There is also a risk of the stimulus generating inflation and a property bubble.
Due to the success of the economic stimulus plan, the central government has tightened regulation in the financial system on banks to curb lending amid fears of a property bubble which could put a dent on economic recovery.
2011.
In 2011, it was revealed that as much as 20% of the loans under the program may be written off.
2012.
In September 2012, the Chinese government through the National Development and Reform Commission gave approval for 60 infrastructure projects totaling more than 1 trillion Yuan ( $157 billion )

</doc>
<doc id="20159738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159738" title="Javier Ostos Mora">
Javier Ostos Mora

Lic. Javier Ostos Mora (born August 15, 1916 in Mexico City, Mexico; died November 5, 2008) was a former lawyer and sport politician from Mexico, most widely known for his work within the swimming community.
He was a permanent member of the Mexican Olympic Committee ("Comité Olímpico Mexicano—COM"), from 1941 through to his death; and served at various times as Voice, First Vice President and Second Vice President of COM.
He twice served as President of FINA, the International Swimming Federation: from 1968–1972 and 1976–1980; and in 1992 he was named FINA Honorary Life President. His Presidency with FINA made him the first Mexican president of any international sport federation.
Positions Held.
He was President of:
Honorary Life Member of: FINA, ASUA, and FMN.
Official/judge at the Summer Olympics in: London (1948), Rome (1960), Tokyo (1964), Mexico City (1968), Munich (1972), Montreal (1976), Moscow (1980), Los Angeles (1984), Seoul (1988), Barcelona (1992) and Atlanta (1996).

</doc>
<doc id="20159741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159741" title="Airport Drive (Melbourne)">
Airport Drive (Melbourne)

Airport Drive, is a short 1.5 kilometre semi-standard freeway in Melbourne, Australia, between Sharps Road Tullamarine and the Western Ring Road at Airport West. This road is an important thoroughfare for the Melbourne Airport business park along South Centre Road. A proposed extension of the freeway is to run through the business park to Melrose Drive, Melbourne Airport, yet no announcement or commitment has been made to construct the road.
Airport Drive opened to traffic in May 1997 and was declared a freeway under the Road Management Act 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20159748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159748" title="Aphanopetalum clematideum">
Aphanopetalum clematideum

Aphanopetalum clematideum is a species of twining shrub or vines that grows in the Geraldton Sandplains region of Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20159769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159769" title="Droop speed control">
Droop speed control

In electricity generation, droop speed control is the primary instantaneous system using net frequency deviations to distribute with stability load changes over generating plants. Droop control allows individual generators to share electric system load changes in proportion to their maximum power rating.
For stable operation of the electrical grid of North America, power plants typically operate with a four or five percent speed droop. With 5% droop the full-load speed is 100% and the no-load speed is 105%. This is required for the stable operation of the net without hunting and dropouts of power plants. Normally the changes in speed are minor due to inertia of the total rotating mass of all generators and motors running in the net. Adjustments in power output are made by slowly raising the droop curve by increasing the spring pressure on a centrifugal governor or by an engine control unit adjustment. Generally this is a basic system requirement for all power plants because the older and newer plants have to be compatible in response to the instantaneous changes in frequency without depending on outside communication. Voltage control of several power sources is not practical because there would not be any independent feedback, resulting in the total load being put on one power plant.
It can be mathematically shown that if all machines synchronized to a system have the same droop speed control, they will share load proportionate to the machine ratings.
The thousands of AC generators are running synchronously with the power grid which acts like an infinite sink. Next to the inertia given by the parallel operation of synchronous generators, the frequency speed droop is the primary instantaneous parameter in control of an individual power plant's power output (kW).
formula_1 
"S" is the ratio of frequency deviation when comparing the load versus the nominal frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="20159779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159779" title="Mike Rice (basketball)">
Mike Rice (basketball)

Mike Rice, Sr. is a National Basketball Association color commentator, one half of the Portland Trail Blazers' television broadcasting team. A former player and coach, Rice holds the distinction of being the only broadcaster ever ejected from an NBA game.
Biography.
Playing career.
A basketball player at Duquesne University, Rice earned an All-American honorable mention selection his senior year, leading his Dukes to the NIT tournament. Although the NBA was calling and the Detroit Pistons selected him in the eighth round of the 1962 NBA Draft, Rice decided that his skills could be better utilized from an educational standpoint and opted for a career in coaching.
Coaching career.
Rice coached for 13 years at the high school level, posting a career record of 245–71, before moving to college coaching in 1977 when he accepted a position as an assistant coach at Duquesne. He was named the head coach of Duquesne for the 1978–79 season and over his four-year tenure he amassed a record of 62–49, garnering two berths in the National Invitation Tournament and twice being named Eastern Eight Coach of the Year.
Rice then moved to Youngstown State University, where he coached for five years, from 1982–83 through 1986–87. During this period the Penguins twice finished second in the Ohio Valley Conference, peaking with a high of 19 victories in the 1984–85 season. The team amassed 75 wins against 67 losses during the Mike Rice years.
During his final season at Youngstown State, Rice was instrumental in reviving the Greater YSU Holiday Classic basketball tournament, an event which continued annually through the 1991–92 season.
Broadcasting career.
Rice moved from coaching to broadcasting for the 1987–88 season when he took a job working for ESPN as a college basketball analyst. Rice worked games as primary analyst for the Western Athletic Conference. From 1989 he also worked with SportsChannel America as its primary analyst for World Basketball League broadcasts.
Rice moved to the team-owned broadcasting operations of the Portland Trail Blazers in 1991. Rice was chosen by longtime voice of the Blazers Bill Schonely following a four person tryout at the Blazers' 1991 Slam 'n' Jam held at Civic Stadium, organized by Blazer team president Marshall Glickman. Rice bested former Oregon State University guard Mark Radford, ex-Blazers assistant coach Jack McKinney, and retired NBA referee Earl Strom in the tryout, which gave each a quarter of the game to work alongside Schonely.
While Rice started as part of the radio team, since the 2006–07 season he has worked with play-by-play announcer Mike Barrett providing color commentary for the television broadcast.
Known affectionately as "The Wild One," Rice has been referred to by journalist Kerry Eggers as "part basketball expert, part entertainer, 100 percent character." Echoing these sentiments, Blazer television producer Scott Zachary has likened him to a "favorite uncle" and publicly pronounced him "a goofy dude".
Rice himself acknowledges a propensity for blurting out sentiments that more circumspect announcers would tend to internally filter. "I don’t give a damn about a lot of things. Later on, I think back, 'Now why’d I do that?'" he has said. This tendency to be what former broadcast partner Eddie Doucette has characterized as a "loose cannon," combined with his unabashed "homerism," has made Rice a figure of some controversy.
Rice's outspoken demeanor resulted in one of the events for which he is best known, his 1994 ejection from an NBA game while working a radio broadcast. As Rice tells the story:
"At the time, Steve Javie, the official, was a young official. That previous week he had kicked out a mascot, a fan, and kicked somebody else out, a trainer or something like that. He was on a roll that week, he had made a call, and I looked on the monitor and saw it was a bad call on Cliff Robinson. I kind of put my hands like that "hands waved at the official" and he ran over. Cliff thought he was going to call a technical on him, because Cliff was standing there doing the same thing. He ran by Cliff and that's when he kicked me out of the game — the rest is history."
Rice added that he subsequently wrote an article for "Rip City" magazine charging Javie with an abuse of power. "I think he...read that and we have not talked since," he noted in a 2009 interview.
Family and hobbies.
Rice's wife Kathy is a former Duquesne basketball player. The couple have two daughters, Susan and Stephanie, both graduates of Syracuse University, and a son, Mike Rice, Jr., who was the head basketball coach at Robert Morris University before moving to the same position at Rutgers University in May 2010. Mike Rice, Jr. was fired by Rutgers on April 3, 2013. "
Despite nine surgeries on his right knee, Mike Rice, Sr. remains an avid golfer, sporting a 6 handicap. He frequently brings his golf clubs when he travels with the team and plays whenever possible. He also plays tennis several times a week.

</doc>
<doc id="20159798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159798" title="Jewel Lafontant">
Jewel Lafontant

Jewel Stradford Lafontant-Mankarious (April 28, 1922 – May 31, 1997) was the first female deputy solicitor general of the United States, an official in the administration of President George H. W. Bush, and an attorney in Chicago. She also was considered by President Richard Nixon as a possible nominee to the Supreme Court of the United States.
Early life and education.
Born in Chicago as Jewel Carter Stradford, she was the daughter of noted Supreme Court of the United States attorney and co-founder of the National Bar Association, C. Francis Stradford and Aida Arabella Stradford. Jewel earned a bachelor's degree in political science from Oberlin College in 1943. While at Oberlin College, Jewel was captain of the volleyball team and a member of the Musical Union, Forensic Union, Cosmopolitan Club, and many other activities. Jewel began law school in 1943 and was the only African-American woman in her class. In 1946, she was the first African American woman to graduate from the University of Chicago Law School.
Professional career.
In 1947, she was admitted to the Illinois State Bar. The same year, Jewel became a trial lawyer for the Legal Aid Bureau of Chicago. She formed a law firm in Chicago in 1949 with her first husband, John W. Rogers, Sr. In 1955, President Dwight Eisenhower appointed Jewel as an assistant U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Illinois. She served in that role until 1958.
In July 1960, she was a delegate-at-large to the Republican National Convention. She gave the seconding speech for Nixon’s nomination to be the Republican candidate for President during the 1960 Presidential election. In 1961, she started a new law firm in Chicago with her father and second husband called Stradford, Lafontant and Lafontant. In 1963, she became the first black woman to argue a case before the Supreme Court of the United States. Her case, Beatrice Lynum v. The State of Illinois set the precedent for the landmark Miranda v. The State of Arizona case in 1966. She ran unsuccessfully for Illinois judicial elections in 1962 and 1970. 
She sat on many corporate and non-profits boards, including the boards of Jewel Companies, Trans World Airlines Mobil Corporation, Revlon, the Illinois Humane Society, Howard University, and Oberlin College. 
Work in the Nixon administration.
In 1969, Nixon tapped her to serve as vice chairman of the U.S. Advisory Commission on International, Educational and Cultural Affairs. In 1972, Nixon appointed Jewel to serve as a representative to the General Assembly of the United Nations. In 1973, Nixon appointed Jewel to be the first-ever female Deputy Solicitor General. She left the Nixon administration in 1975 to return to practicing law in Chicago, which she continued to do until 1989.
Work in the George H. W. Bush administration.
She was admitted to the D.C. Court of Appeals in 1985. From 1989 until 1993, Jewel held the title of Ambassador-at-Large and was the U.S. Coordinator for Refugee Affairs while in the administration of President George H. W. Bush. Jewel traveled extensively during this time all over the world. She made a yearly recommendation to President Bush about the number of refugees that should be admitted to the United States. She succeeded Jonathan Moore in this position. After Bush lost his reelection campaign, Jewel returned to Chicago to continue practicing law until her death in 1997.
Consideration for nomination to the Supreme Court and to an appeals court.
In his book "Witness to Power, John Ehrlichman wrote that Nixon was "intrigued" with the idea of nominating Lafontant to the Supreme Court. Nixon also considered nominating Lafontant to an appeals-court post, but the American Bar Association found her to be unqualified, according to Sheldon Goodman's book "Picking Federal Judges," and Nixon dropped the idea.
Personal life.
Jewel Lafontant married John W. Rogers, Sr., a former member of the Tuskegee Airmen during World War II, on December 7, 1946; they had one child, investment executive John W. Rogers, Jr. (born 1958). The couple divorced in 1961. She remarried, to Haitian-American attorney H. Ernest Lafontant in 1961, and remained married to him until his death in October 1976. She married Naguib Soby Mankarious in 1989 and was married to him until her death in 1997. 
Death.
Jewel Stradford Lafontant-Mankarious died of breast cancer at her home in Chicago on May 31, 1997, aged 75.

</doc>
<doc id="20159808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159808" title="Karel Lambert">
Karel Lambert

Karel Lambert (born 1928) is a philosopher and logician at the University of California, Irvine and the University of Salzburg. He has written extensively on the subject of free logic, a term which he coined.
Lambert's Law.
Lambert's Law is the major principle in any free definite description theory that says: For all x, x = the y (A) if and only if (A(x/y) & for all y (if A then y = x)). Free logic itself is an adjustment of a given standard predicate logic such as to relieve it of existential assumptions, and so make it a free logic. Taking Bertrand Russell's predicate logic in his "Principia Mathematica" as standard, one replaces universal instantiation, formula_1, with universal specification formula_2. Thus universal statements, like "All men are mortal," or "Everything is a unicorn," do not presuppose that there are men or that there is anything. These would be symbolized, with the appropriate predicates, as formula_3 and formula_4, which in "Principia Mathematica" entail formula_5 and formula_6, but not in free logic. The truth of these last statements, when used in a free logic, depend on the domain of quantification, which may be the null set.

</doc>
<doc id="20159835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159835" title="Historic Union Pacific Rail Trail State Park">
Historic Union Pacific Rail Trail State Park

The Historic Union Pacific Rail Trail State Park is a recreational trail that follows abandoned railroad lines in Summit County, Utah, United States.
The Historic Union Pacific Rail Trail is long, and averages wide. The trail stretches between Park City and Echo Reservoir, following Interstate 80 across Silver Creek Canyon, then going along the Weber River through the towns of Wanship and Coalville. Elevation along the trail varies from to , and total acreage is . The trail is designated to be used for only non-motorized activities, including biking, hiking, horseback riding, jogging, and Nordic skiing. The trail is managed by the Mountain Trails Foundation.
History.
In 1871, demand for coal in the Salt Lake City area led to the organization of the Summit County Railroad Company, who built a five mile (8 km) narrow gauge railway to transport coal between mines in Coalville to the Union Pacific line in Echo. In 1880, the Utah Eastern Railroad built a narrow-gauge line between Coalville and Park City to transport coal to fuel the pumps that removed underground water from Park City’s silver mines. At the same time, the Union Pacific Railroad constructed the Echo-Park City Railway, a broad-gauge spur line, alongside it.
The narrow-gauge lines were eventually abandoned, and in 1989, Union Pacific abandoned their line. Union Pacific, along with the Division of Parks and Recreation, and A&K Railroad Materials, turned the property into the first non-motorized recreational trail in Utah. The state park opened to the public in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20159883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159883" title="Sugiyama">
Sugiyama

Sugiyama is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20159944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159944" title="Torbay Road">
Torbay Road

Torbay Road also known as Newfoundland and Labrador Route 20, is a road that leads from St. John's to the town of Torbay. Torbay Road begins in the east end of St. John's, where Kenna's Hill forks into two branches: Torbay Road and Logy Bay Road.
Within the city of St. John's, Torbay Road is both a major arterial road and a significant commercial area, with many strip malls as well as the Torbay Road Mall and, north of the Trans-Canada Highway, the Stavanger Drive big-box retail area. The road is heavily travelled in the mornings and evenings as workers commute into and out of the city. Due to the congestion on the road through the town of Torbay, a by-pass road is under construction.

</doc>
<doc id="20159976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159976" title="Angel chimes">
Angel chimes

Angel chimes also known as "angel-abra" are a form of Christmas decoration popular in Europe and North America. Apparently from the same origins as the Christmas pyramid, which functions on the same principle. They differ from these, primarily, in being mass-produced from metal and featuring bell-ringing angels, whereas Christmas pyramids are usually crafted from wood and don't necessarily have bells.
In 2007, a rare 1920s metal Christmas angel chime tree topper was auctioned online through eBay. Its box was labeled "electric chimes".
Function.
Angel chimes have candle holders at the base which provide heat which turns a turbine at the top, which powers a series of trumpet-holding angel figures which "fly" around in a circle, striking bells beneath them. Aside from this, they usually have other decorative motifs, such as the Star of Bethlehem or a creche.
History.
The angel chimes tradition started in the United States about 100 years ago when immigrant families brought along German angel chimes. The earliest known patent for an angel chime was filed by Walter Stock of the German toy firm Adrian & Stock. The pre-World War II German-made chimes were usually made of tin and featured lithography.
In Sweden.
Christmas angel chimes are popularly known as ""änglaspel"" (angel carillon) in Sweden. After the war, Swedish-made chimes became popular in both Europe and North America. These brought a simpler aesthetic in brass.
In Denmark.
They are known as ""Engle Spil"" (Angel Bells) in Denmark.
In Asia.
More recently, angel chimes manufactured in China or Japan have come to dominate the export market. The design now includes spinning candles.
In popular culture.
There are a number of songs written about angel chimes, which include Angel's song, the Christmas Chimes. The sheet music has been compiled at the performing arts encyclopedia of the United States Library of Congress up to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="20159979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159979" title="Newfoundland and Labrador Route 60">
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 60

Newfoundland and Labrador Route 60 is also known as Topsail Road in Mount Pearl and St. Johns. This road begins at the west end of Water Street in downtown St. John's, where the road divides into Topsail Road and Waterford Bridge Road. It continues on through the west end of St. John's, then through the northern part of the city of Mount Pearl. After the overpass of Kenmount Road, the road passes through the towns of Paradise, Topsail and Chamberlains. 
After reaching the town of Manuels, Route 60 becomes the Conception Bay Highway, continuing through C.B.S., Holyrood, Marysvale, Brigus and ending at the Intersection of Route 70 in the town of South River, Newfoundland. 
Within Mount Pearl and St. John's, Topsail Road is a major arterial road and commercial area. Two shopping malls, Mount Pearl Square and the Village Shopping Centre, are located on the road, as well as a number of strip malls, fast-food restaurants, other businesses, and residential properties.
Once out of the city, Route 60 also runs along the side of Conception Bay through many small rural communities. Route 60 was the main route for many people who live outside St. Johns area to travel into the city before Route 1 (TCH) was constructed.
East of its intersection with Cornwall Avenue, Topsail Road narrows to two lanes. The section from Cornwall Avenue to Water Street is often referred to as Old Topsail Road, although this is not its official name.

</doc>
<doc id="20159995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159995" title="Tallahassee Silverhawks">
Tallahassee Silverhawks

The Tallahassee Silverhawks were a team of the Women's Football Alliance that was scheduled to begin play for its inaugural 2009 season. However, the team never played that year and have been unheard of since then.

</doc>
<doc id="20159996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159996" title="Sonoma orogeny">
Sonoma orogeny

The Sonoma orogeny was a period of mountain building in western North America, which occurred during the Permian / Triassic transition, around 250 million years ago. Following the Late Devonian Antler orogeny, it was the second major accretionary event along the Cordilleran margin with many more to come as the closure of the basin between the island arc of Sonomia and the North American continent. Evidence of this event has been reported throughout western North America, but most distinctly in northwest Nevada. 
The orogeny was named by Silberling and Roberts, who identified it with the Havallah Formation, originally thought to date to the Pennsylvanian and Permian ages. The age range of the Havallah has since been revised to include rocks of Late Devonian and Mississippian age and its name was changed from Havallah Formation to Havallah sequence. 
The exact age and structure of the Sonoma orogeny is controversial, with some geologists disputing whether convergent plate tectonics produced the Havallah sequence.
Stratigraphy.
The Havallah sequence is the stratigraphic unit universally associated with the Sonoma orogeny, but units of the same age range and roughly the same lithic composition, along the western and northern margins of the Havallah, are also relevant. These units include the Inskip Formation in the East Range and a series of formations in the Hot Springs Range. These units consist of basalt, felsite, bedded chert, limestone, and detrital rocks ranging from conglomerate to argillite. The units also contain shale, lava flows, and pyroclastics that accumulated in a trough west of the Antler orogenic belt.
The Havallah sequence is underlain by the Golconda thrust, and is therefore a component of the Golconda allochthon. Speed observed that there are no arc-derived sedimentary rocks in the Golconda allochthon.
Theories.
Dickinson expanded the reach of the Sonoma orogeny as follows: segments of accreted Permian island arcs, composed of volcanic and volcaniclastic strata and paired geotectonically with Sonoma accretionary prisms to the east, are present in the Klamath-Sierran region of the Cordilleran orogen to the south of volcanic cover in the Pacific Northwest.
Burchfiel and Davis presented a detailed model relating the Sonoma orogeny to convergent plate tectonic processes. They postulated an east-dipping subduction zone beneath a magmatic arc to the west of the continent. In this scheme, a back-arc basin floored by oceanic crust lay between the arc and the continent. The Sonoma orogeny involved closure of this basin and a process by which the blanket of oceanic sedimentary rocks (the Havallah sequence) was obducted onto the continental shelf via the Golconda thrust. To account for the absence of oceanic crust in the obducted rocks, Davis later proposed the unique concept that the Havallah was separated from the underlying oceanic crust by a process of subduction and obduction. Silberling presented a model similar to that of Burchfiel and Davis
Miller and others found that the Schoonover sequence, a northern correlative of the Havallah sequence, was compatible with a back-arc thrusting model for the Sonoma orogeny.
Speed offered a distinctly different model involving a volcanic arc above a west-dipping subduction zone to the west of the continent. In this model, an expanse of oceanic crust subducted westward under the volcanic arc, causing the overlying sedimentary rocks of the Havallah sequence to be scraped off the descending plate and forced over the approaching continental slope. Snyder and Brueckner supported the Speed model with detailed lithic descriptions of the Havallah. They interpreted the lithic composition of the Havallah to be the sedimentary floor of an extensive ocean basin. Brueckner and Snyder expressed some uncertainty about the exact time of final emplacement of the allochthon, but emphasized that structures associated with the Sonoma orogeny had a long history from the middle Paleozoic to the Permian-Triassic eras.
Controversy and new ideas.
Stewart and others revisited the classic Havallah locality at China Mountain in the Tobin Range, making use of a large number of fossil collections. This locality had been cited by Silberling and Roberts as displaying the best evidence for the existence of the Sonoma orogeny, having been tightly folded and thrust-faulted. However, according to Stewart and others, the Havallah at that location is not tightly folded but is composed of nearly homoclinal strata separated by numerous undated faults sub-parallel to bedding. Stewart and others also cast some doubt as to the nature of the contact with the overlying Koipato Formation indicating on their map of the area that it could be a fault.
In the East Range just to the west of China Mountain, Whitebread mapped the contact between strata of Permian age, at the top of the Havallah, and the base of the overlying Koipato as parallel, indicating a lack of evidence for an orogeny at the Permian-Triassic boundary.
Ketner, in a complete reversal of the conventional concepts of the Sonoma orogeny, combined all similar deep-water Upper Devonian to Permian sequences in the area of the type Havallah sequence into a single genetic assemblage. Ketner concluded the that Paleozoic deposits were compressed in the Jurassic, with different direction thrusts in the eastern and western parts of the depositional basin. Ketner's work denied the oceanic origin of the Havallah and related sequences, eliminated the necessity for convergent plate tectonics and a far-traveled allochthon, established the age of the Golconda thrust as post-Triassic, and cast doubt on the very existence of the Sonoma orogeny.

</doc>
<doc id="20159999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20159999" title="Kenmount Road">
Kenmount Road

Kenmount Road is a major road in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador. It begins at the intersection of Freshwater Road and Thorburn Road, just east of the Columbus Drive overpass. Originally passing through rural farmland, Kenmount Road is now a significant commercial area, with the Avalon Mall at its eastern end, followed by a series of car dealerships, restaurants, hotels, and other businesses. At its western end, Kenmount Road intersects Topsail Road and the Trans-Canada Highway, and has been extended into the Town of Paradise, where it runs into another road, McNamara Drive.
O'Leary Industrial Park is located just north of Kenmount Road, with access via Pippy Place and Peet Street. Further west, past the intersection with the Team Gushue Highway, lies the Kelsey Drive big-box retail area. West of Kelsey Drive, a large new residential subdivision is currently under development.
The Trans-Canada Highway originally continued down Kenmount Road, prior to the construction of the Outer Ring Road in the 1990s, which diverted the highway onto a new alignment across the north of the city.
The overpass that carries Kenmount Road (originally the Trans-Canada Highway) over Topsail Road holds a special place in Newfoundland culture. One of the first highway interchanges constructed in the province, it has come to represent the boundary between the St. John's urban region and the remainder of the island. The phrase "beyond the overpass" is commonly used to refer collectively to all areas of Newfoundland that lie outside the boundaries of metro St. John's.

</doc>
<doc id="20160001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160001" title="Girder Records">
Girder Records

Girder Records is a Christian Metal label started by Rex Carroll of Whitecross and Greg Hays of GirderMusic.com. Girder Records has re-issued classic releases such as the re-recording of the Whitecross "Self-Titled" album, now called Nineteen Eighty Seven. That release was followed by the first ever re-issue of Strkyen "First Strike" on CD. In 2008 Girder Records release Sin Dizzy "He's Not Dead" which was started by Oz Fox and Tim Gaines or 80's platinum selling artist Stryper.

</doc>
<doc id="20160022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160022" title="NBSK">
NBSK

NBSK is an acronym for Northern bleached softwood kraft, the paper industry's benchmark grade of pulp. Market NBSK is produced mainly in Canada and the Nordic countries. Some NBSK is also produced in north-western USA and in Russia. NBSK futures are traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange
Properties.
This pulp grade is very diverse. All NBSK pulps have long fibres and is often used as reinforcement pulp.
NBSK from British Columbia is mainly from Lodgepole Pine, with a significant amount of White Spruce. Cedar, douglas fir, hemlock, and larch make up a smaller portion of the chip furnish. NBSK is known for having longer fibre lengths and larger fibre diameter than anywhere else in the world due to very long growing season and mild climate.
NBSK from Siberia is made from pine, spruce and european larch and tend to be shorter and thinner than other NBSK pulps due to the short growing season. The larch makes up about 15% of the wood furnish and gives a rather coarce fibre that makes Siberian NBSK less desirable as reinforcement pulp.
The only single species NBSK is of plantation Radiata pine from New Zealand, Brazil and Chile. It has good brightness and cleanliness that is appreciated in printing and writing papers.
NBSK from Scandinavia is only from scots pine and norway spruce in the normal mix 7:3. The mix might vary much with the season as norway spruce grows on wetter lands that is easier accessed in the winter when the ground is frozen.
Applications.
The most common use of NBSK is as reinforcement fibres when making paper or as raw material for kraft paper. It is also used in tissue paper.
See also.
SBSK

</doc>
<doc id="20160044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160044" title="Uncial 0150">
Uncial 0150

Uncial 0150 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), X2 (in the Soden numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. It is dated paleographically to the 9th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the Pauline epistles with some lacunae, on 150 parchment leaves (). The text is written in one column per page, 34 lines per page, in large uncial letters. It contains a commentary. 
Epistle to the Hebrews placed between 2 Thessalonians and 1 Timothy. 
The Greek text of this codex is mostly Byzantine with some Alexandrian readings. Aland placed it in Category III.
In Ephesians 4:16 it reads συνβιβαζομενον for συμβιβαζομενον; the reading is supported by Papyrus 46, Papyrus 99, Sinaiticus, Alexandrinus, Vaticanus, Ephraemi Rescriptus, Bezae, Augiensis, Boernerianus.
Gregory dated it to the 10th century. Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
Formerly it was classified as minuscule 413p. In 1908 Gregory gave number 150 to it.
The codex currently is located at the Monastery of Saint John the Theologian (Ms. 61), at Patmos.

</doc>
<doc id="20160068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160068" title="Bob Garibaldi">
Bob Garibaldi

Robert Roy Garibaldi (born March 3, 1942) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher who played from 1962 to 1963, and in 1966 and 1969. He batted left-handed, threw right-handed, weighed 210 pounds and was . 
Garibaldi was born in Stockton, California, and attended Stagg High School and then the Santa Clara University, with whom he won the 1962 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award. He is the only player from Santa Clara University to ever win that award. He also set two records in that Series: a strikeout record (38 strikeout) and an innings-pitched record (27 innings pitched). 
Although Casey Stengel of the New York Mets tried to convince Garibaldi to sign with them (he even left a game early to travel to Stockton, California, to try to persuade Garibaldi), Garibaldi chose not to sign with the Mets. Instead, he signed with the Giants. After signing with the San Francisco Giants for a record bonus of $150,000, Garibaldi jumped straight from college to the major leagues, making his big league debut on July 15, 1962. Facing the New York Mets, he pitched a perfect inning in his debut, striking out one batter. He would pitch nine games in 1962, going 0–0 with a 5.11 ERA. He was the ninth youngest player in 1962.
In 1963, Garibaldi went 0–1 with a 1.13 ERA in four games. He would not pitch in the majors again until 1966. In 1966, he appeared in one game, pitching a near-perfect inning of work, allowing a single hit. He'd have to wait until 1969 to play in the big leagues again. Once again, he appeared in only one game, making the only start of his career. Despite pitching five solid innings and posting an ERA of 1.80, he still lost the game because his defense allowed three unearned runs (he allowed four runs total). He played his final major league game on October 1.
Although his big league career was over, his professional career was not. He continued to pitch in the Giants organization until the end of the 1970 season. He was traded to the Kansas City Royals on October 19, 1970 for Fran Healy. In early 1971, he was traded to the San Diego Padres for Mike Jackson. He played for the Padres top farm team, the Hawaii Islanders, in 1971 and before retiring.
Overall, Garibaldi went 0–2 with a 3.08 ERA in the majors. In 15 games, he had 11 walks and 14 strikeouts. Garibaldi was the last $100,000 Bonus Baby pitcher to never win a game. 
While pitching for the Giants' AAA teams in Tacoma and Phoenix from 1963 to 1970, Garibaldi recorded a record of 85–69, with a high of 15 wins in 1970. He tied for the PCL lead in wins, with 13, in 1969, and led the PCL in complete games with 17 in 1969, and 20 in 1970. He was named as pitcher on the National Association All-Star Fielding Silver Glove team by "The Sporting News" for the 1969 season. He was a player-manager for the Phoenix Giants in 1970. 
After his baseball career, he worked for many years as a college basketball referee.

</doc>
<doc id="20160070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160070" title="Xcaret Park">
Xcaret Park

Xcaret Park () is a privately owned and operated theme park, resort and self-described ecotourism development located in the Riviera Maya, a portion of the Caribbean coastline of Mexico's state of Quintana Roo that has been designated as a zone for tourism development. It is situated approximately south of Cancún, and south of the nearest large settlement Playa del Carmen along Highway 307. It is named after the nearby archaeological site Xcaret, a settlement constructed by the pre-Columbian Maya some of whose structures lie within the boundaries of the park's of land holdings.
History.
The Ecological Park is built in the same area of the archaeological site and has the same name, Xcaret.
The land was originally purchased by a group of Mexican entrepreneurs, led by architect Miguel Quintana Pali. 5 hectares of the land was purchased in 1984.
When he began to clear the land, he started uncovering cenotes, sinkholes formed by collapsed cave ceilings weakened by 3 million years of erosion from underground rivers running through them and flowing into the sea. He saw the potential for tourism and formulated the idea of an Ecological Park open to the public, and soon joined forces with Oscar, Marcos and Carlos Constandse, achieving this goal in December 1990.
At the same time, contact was established with the National Institute of Anthropology and History (Instituto Nacional de Antropología e Historia) with the objective of rebuilding the remnants of the Mayan pyramids and buildings that were found in the area. The park’s administration subsidized all the operation and the INAH put in charge a team of specialists.
Attractions.
The nature-based attractions of the park include a river that goes through the Mayan village, a subterranean concrete sluice in which people can swim and snorkel with a life vest. Near the inlet there are recreational activities at the beach, snorkeling, Sea Trek and Snuba in the nearby reefs, or swimming with dolphins. The park also has a coral reef aquarium turtle nesting site. Next to the inlet there’s an area for manatees. The park also has a bird pavilion, butterfly pavilion, bat cave, orchids and bromeliad greenhouse, an island of jaguars, and a deer shelter, among others.
The cultural attractions include an open church, replica of a Mayan village with real artisans at work, a Mexican cemetery, a museum, an equestrian show, Mesoamerican ball game, an open theater with performances of pre-Hispanic dances, Papantla flying men and the Gran Tlachco (theater with a six thousand people capacity) where the Mesoamerican ball game is represented, as well as the meeting of two worlds, the Mayan and the Spanish, and the presentation of several Mexican folklore dances. Other demonstrations of Mexican traditions include Day of the Dead celebration and the "Travesía Sagrada Maya" (Mayan Sacred Crossing), an annual rite when Mayans would cross the sea from Xcaret and Playa del Carmen to Cozumel to pay homage to the lunar goddess Ix Chel. The modern version is a re-creation of this rite done in late May to early June.
The park also has a Temascal and Spa, has 11 restaurants, dressing rooms, souvenirs and handicrafts stores, as well as an adjacent all-inclusive resort hotel.
Criticism.
The park is described in "Lonely Planet" Mexico as a 'precious spot once open to all' now a 'Disneyfied ecopark' with much of the landscape changed using 'dynamite, jackhammers or other terra-forming techniques'.

</doc>
<doc id="20160083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160083" title="Brave New World Records">
Brave New World Records

Brave New World Records is a record label founded by Mark Lee Townsend and Mark Mattingly in Nashville, Tennessee in 2004. The label is distributed nationwide by Word Distribution a division of Word Entertainment.The label focuses mainly on Christian Rock and Alternative bands. Brave New World was previously known as Rambler Records. The name change occurred between 2004 and 2005. 
In 2009, the label officially announced that the label would be going on hiatus, leaving Deas Vail and The Wedding without a label. The future of the label is unknown, since the label is controlled entirely by Mark Townsend. The label may release some releases like Mark Townsend's solo project and Zilch's second album, but that is still unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20160092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160092" title="Jarid Siegel">
Jarid Siegel

Jarid Siegel is an American collegiate athlete. He played soccer for the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Cornell University men's team and served as a co-captain of the team in 2007 and 2008.
Siegel began his soccer career in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, where he played for the Seacoast United. Siegel was a three-sport athlete at Governor Dummer Academy, earning four letters in soccer in addition to two each in lacrosse and basketball. He was a two-time all-league honorable mention selection in soccer and was named to the all-league first team while also serving as his squad’s captain. He was also the captain of his club team, Seacoast United, for five years, during which they won three state championships and captured the 2003 Super-Y League title. He was named to the Super-Y League U17 Region I ODP (Olympic Development Program) team in 2004. 
He joined the Cornell men's squad in 2004, when he started in nine of 16 games. After the 2005 season, he suffered a knee injury that forced him to miss the 2006 and 2007 seasons. After the 2006 season, he was named as a co-captain with Kyle Lynch and Aaron Vieira in 2007. He returned to the field for the 2008 season, sharing the captainship with David Browning, Dan McKallagat, and Joe Yonga.

</doc>
<doc id="20160119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160119" title="PKUnity">
PKUnity

Beijing Peking University Unity Microsystems Technology Co., Ltd (or PKUnity) is a Beijing-based Chinese high-tech enterprise engaged in home-grown CPU (Central Processing Unit) development and system design.
History.
PKUnity grew from the Peking University's Microprocessor R&D Center and was founded in November 2002.. With a series of significant in R&D and the commercialization of home-grown CPU development in recent years, the company has been recognized as one of the pioneers and leaders in microprocessor design in China.

</doc>
<doc id="20160124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160124" title="C2H5N">
C2H5N

The molecular formula C2H5N can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20160136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160136" title="Circe Maia">
Circe Maia

Circe Maia (1932-, b. in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan writer.
Works.
Maia has published poetry and translations.
Among her better known works are an English-Spanish bilingual compilation of her poems, 'Yesterday a Eucalyptus', Amersham, UK: Brindin Press, 2001.
Other of her poetry publications include:
'Cambios, permanencias' (Changes, permanencies), Montevideo: Ediciones de la Banda Oriental, 1978, p. p. 12-67
'Dos voces' (Two voices), Montevideo, Ediciones Siete Poetas Hispanoamericanas, 1981, p. p. 68-105
'Superficies' (Surfaces), Montevideo: Ediciones de la Feria, 1990
'De lo visible' (The Visible), Montevideo: Assoc. de Impresores del Uruguay, 1998
Regional background.
Maia has lived for many years in the northern city of Tacuarembó. Along with fellow writer Jesús Moraes, she is one of the relatively few contemporary Uruguayan writers to be strongly identified with the north of the country.
'Poemas de Caraguatá'.
Her series of poems 'Poemas de Caraguatá, I, II, III & IV', take their name from the Maia's reflections provoked by an indigenous toponym of Tacuarembó Department in the north of the country, which may variously refer to a range of hills Cuchilla de Caraguatá, a local town named after that range of hills, a local river, the Caraguatá River, or a local plant.
In this series of poems are contained reflections to which local topography, flora and fauna have given rise.

</doc>
<doc id="20160137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160137" title="Aksys Games">
Aksys Games

Aksys Games Localization, Inc. is a video game publisher that specializes in translating and localizing Japanese video games for English-speaking markets. It was founded by Akibo Shieh in 2006. Some of its clients include Namco Bandai Games, Xseed Games, and Atlus USA. Aksys Games is best known for its involvement in the "Guilty Gear" series. It has become a full-fledged game publisher with the announcement of "Eagle Eye Golf" for PlayStation 2, and has expressed a desire to publish for all current platforms from Microsoft, Nintendo, and Sony. 
The company's name is coincidentally similar to Arc System Works, with whom it has a partnership. Despite their similar names, and the partnership between them, neither company owns the other. Aksys Games publishes many games for Arc System Works in North America, and has even assisted the latter in releasing the "Bit.Trip" series in Japan.
Aksys is also the North American distributor for the European publisher Rising Star Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20160200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160200" title="Saru! Get You! SaruSaru Big Mission">
Saru! Get You! SaruSaru Big Mission

Saru Get You: SaruSaru Big Mission (Japanese name: サルゲッチュ　ー　サルサル大作戦　"Sarugetchu: Saru Saru Daisakusen") is a video game in the "Ape Escape" series released in Japan for the PlayStation Portable system. It is the latest game in the series made by Japan Studio.
Storyline.
Specter kidnaps the Professor, Aki, Sayaka, Satoru, Hikaru and shrinks his laboratory, with Kakeru and Natsumi and who he kidnapped inside. Despite that, the lab is at least small enough to be disguised as a Pipo Helmet, which then Natsumi and Kakeru have to control the monkeys (named Piposaru in Japan) to help rescue their friends as well as defeat Specter.
Gameplay.
Unlike other stand-alone titles in the series such as Pipo Saru 2001 and , the game borrows heavily from Ape Escape 3. The same graphic engine is used, which is a first for Ape Escape, as usually all game's graphic's are re-created for each game. 
In a different approach to the normal Ape Escape gameplay, SaruSaru Big Mission has you controlling the Pipo Helmet shaped lab. By latching it onto a monkey, they can gain control of it, including any abilities it may have. If the monkey takes too much damage, they will lose control of it. The aim is to utilize the monkeys' abilities to reach the end of the level safely.

</doc>
<doc id="20160207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160207" title="Nikos Argyropoulos">
Nikos Argyropoulos

Nikos Argyropoulos (alternate spelling: Nikos Argiropoulos) (in ; born March 25, 1978 in Patras, Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is 1.88 m (6 ft 2 in ) tall and he plays at the point guard position.
Pro career.
Argyropoulos started his professional career with Apollon Patras. After three years in the Greek A1 League, Patras moved to the Greek A2 League for 4 years. In 2003, they returned to the A1. In 2005, he moved to Olympiacos where he played for one year and then he moved to Panellinios. He then joined Aris.

</doc>
<doc id="20160208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160208" title="Mary Wiltenburg">
Mary Wiltenburg

Mary Wiltenburg (born July 6, 1976 in Rochester, New York) is an award-winning print and multimedia reporter based in Baltimore, Maryland. She is the author and producer of "The Christian Science Monitor" project "Little Bill Clinton," and has reported on environmental battles, US Army deserters, the aftermath of genocide and more, from datelines across the United States, Rwanda, Kazakhstan, and Germany. Her work has appeared in "Der Spiegel", "The Boston Globe Magazine", and "Grist Magazine," and on "Nightline," "This American Life", and "Morning Edition." A graduate of Swarthmore College, she is the daughter of Candace O'Connor and the niece of Kyrie O'Connor.

</doc>
<doc id="20160220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160220" title="Korogaru Iwa, Kimi ni Asa ga Furu">
Korogaru Iwa, Kimi ni Asa ga Furu

Music video.
The music video for "Korogaru Iwa, Kimi ni Asa ga Furu" was directed by Kazuyoshi Oku.. The PV primarily centers around a young boy planting and watching a seed sprout in flowerpot.

</doc>
<doc id="20160229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160229" title="Uncial 0151">
Uncial 0151

Uncial 0151 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), X21 (in the Soden numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. It is dated paleographically to the 9th century.
Description.
The codex contains the Pauline epistles with some gaps (lacunae), on 192 parchment leaves (34 cm by 25 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 33 lines per page, in large uncial letters. It contains a commentary. 
Epistle to the Hebrews is placed between 2 Thessalonians and 1 Timothy. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
Textually it is close to Codex Mosquensis I.
C. R. Gregory dated it to the 12th century. Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
Formerly it was classified as minuscule 414p. In 1908 Gregory gave number 151 to it.
The codex currently is located at the Monastery of Saint John the Theologian (Ms. 62), at Patmos.

</doc>
<doc id="20160232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160232" title="Adams of Eagle Lake">
Adams of Eagle Lake

Adams of Eagle Lake is an American hour-long police series that aired on ABC in 1975. Andy Griffith starred as Sheriff Sam Adams and the episodes presented his attempts to maintain the law in a small resort town. Despite a strong cast, including veteran TV actress Abby Dalton, the show lasted for only two episodes.
Background.
In 1974, Griffith starred in "Winter Kill", a 1974 television movie that was intended as a series pilot. When it failed to sell, the main character of Sheriff Sam McNeill was renamed and used as the lead character in "Adams of Eagle Lake".
Episodes.
DVD rights to "Adams of Eagle Lake" are owned by 20th Century Fox, but no DVD has been released.
Later version.
In 1977, Griffith appeared in two additional television movies ("The Girl in the Empty Grave" and "Deadly Game"), both attempts to make use again of the same concept. Griffith's character was now named Sheriff Abel Marsh, but he was still a lawman in a small town near a lake. Both movies were filmed in Big Bear Lake, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20160239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160239" title="Ensemble 48">
Ensemble 48

Ensemble 48 is a new music octet created in the Fall of 2007 at Butler University's Jordan College of Fine Arts. It was started by six graduate-student composers who were not able to join Michael Schelle's "Composers Orchestra" due to a class conflict. The graduate students decided to join forces and create their own splinter ensemble to perform their new compositions at Butler. Since then, one founding member has left, and three new members have been added. They are now the guerrilla ensemble-in-residence of Composers Orchestra. They have since moved on to performing throughout the midwest, taking part in the 2008 and 2009 Indy Fringe Festival, and improvising soundtracks to classic silent films such as "Man with a Movie Camera" and "Nosferatu" at the Indianapolis Museum of Art. Their standard instrumentation is lead guitar, rhythm guitar, tenor/electric bass, piano, violin/viola, cello, double bass, and percussion.
References.
2.Nuvo, Indy's Alternative voice <http://www.nuvo.net/indianapolis/ensemble-48/Content?oid=1211671#.UjCR1GQjp14>

</doc>
<doc id="20160244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160244" title="Pontiac Assembly">
Pontiac Assembly

Pontiac Assembly was a General Motors assembly plant located in Pontiac, Michigan. It served as the main facility for Pontiac Motor Division since it was built in 1927. The plant ceased production of full-size Pontiacs after the 1980 model year, and was permanently closed on August 6, 1982. Another production line was opened in 1983 to build the Fiero. The old production line was reopened January 14, 1985 to build the Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme and Buick Regal, as the Lansing and Flint plants which built them had been converted to new front-wheel-drive car lines. Chevrolet Monte Carlo production was added for 1987, and Pontiac Grand Prix production returned in October 1987. Production ended on December 11, 1987. Fiero production ended on August 16, 1988, and the plant was closed.
See also.
List of GM factories

</doc>
<doc id="20160263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160263" title="Suzanne G. Cusick">
Suzanne G. Cusick

Suzanne G. Cusick is a music historian and musicologist living in and working in New York. Her specialties are the music of seventeenth-century Italy, feminist approaches to music history and criticism, and queer studies in music. 
Her book, Francesca Caccini at the Medici Court: Music and the Circulation of Power, was published by the University of Chicago Press in 2009. 
References.
http://music.as.nyu.edu/object/suzannecusick.html
http://www.press.uchicago.edu/presssite/metadata.epl?mode=synopsis&bookkey=273522

</doc>
<doc id="20160266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160266" title="Hercuclas">
Hercuclas

HercUCLAs is UCLA's race team competing in the 2008 Formula Zero Championship, the world's first-ever hydrogen fuel cell race series. HercUCLAs placed in the top five at the competition and aims at competing in the 2009 championship in South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="20160277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160277" title="Miguel Treviño Morales">
Miguel Treviño Morales

Miguel Ángel Treviño Morales (born 18 November 1970), commonly referred to by his alias Z-40, is a former Mexican drug lord and leader of the criminal organization known as Los Zetas. Considered a violent and dangerous criminal, he was one of Mexico's most-wanted drug lords until his arrest in July 2013.
Born into a family with six brothers and six sisters, Treviño Morales began his criminal career as a teenager, working for Los Tejas—a local gang from his hometown of Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas. His fluent English and experience of moving contraband along the U.S.–Mexico border enabled him to be recruited in the late 1990s by the drug lord Osiel Cárdenas Guillén, who headed the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas. Around 2005, he was appointed as the regional boss of Los Zetas in Nuevo Laredo and was given the task to fight off the forces of the Sinaloa Cartel, which was attempting to take over the lucrative drug trafficking routes to the United States. After successfully securing these routes in Nuevo Laredo in 2006, Treviño Morales was moved to Veracruz and appointed as the Zetas leader in the state after the death of the drug lord Efraín Teodoro Torres. Two years later, his boss Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano sent him to Guatemala to wipe out his competitors; after completing the task successfully, he appointed Treviño Morales as the national commander of Los Zetas in 2008. In 2010, Los Zetas gained their independence from the Gulf Cartel, their former allies, and both organizations went to war with each other.
As the national commander of Los Zetas, Treviño Morales earned a notorious reputation for intimidating officials and citizens throughout Mexico. The Mexican authorities believe that he is responsible for a significant part of the violence in Mexico, including the murder of 72 migrants in 2010 and the massacre of 193 people in 2011. A common torture method of his was known as "guiso" (stew), in which victims would be dumped into oil barrels, doused with gasoline and burned alive. Following the death of his boss Lazcano Lazcano in October 2012, Morales Treviño became his successor and the top leader of Los Zetas drug cartel amid an internal power struggle within the organization.
Mexican Marines arrested Treviño Morales on 15 July 2013 in the state of Nuevo León without a single bullet being fired. At the time of his capture, the Mexican government was offering up to a 30 million pesos (US$2.3 million) reward for information leading to his arrest. The United States Department of State was also offering up to US$5 million for information leading to his arrest and conviction. Authorities on both sides of the border believe that he was succeeded by his younger brother Omar Treviño Morales, a man also on the most-wanted list.
Early life.
Miguel Ángel Treviño Morales was born on 18 November 1970 in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico. His parents, Rodolfo Treviño and María Arcelia Morales, created a large family with six daughters and seven sons, including Miguel. Like many families along the U.S.-Mexico border, the Treviño family travelled from Mexico to the United States and vice versa, where they bought properties and opened several businesses. His father abandoned his family at a very young age, forcing Treviño Morales to single-handedly raise the whole family. Treviño Morales grew up in a lower-class neighborhood in Nuevo Laredo, but as a teenager, he worked for the wealthy by fixing their yards and washing their cars. He also did chores for the local drug lord Héctor Manuel Sauceda Gamboa (alias "El Karis"), who later became his mentor; Treviño Morales eventually replaced him as a Zetas leader in Nuevo Laredo. Treviño Morales grew up disliking Mexico's class disparity and developed so much resentment as to partially explain his violent behavior as an adult. Treviño Morales frequented Dallas, Texas with his family. In 1993, he was apprehended in Dallas County and charged with avoiding police arrest, after he had tried to lose the cops in a police car chase that ended in a street dead end. He paid a $672-dollar fine and was subsequently released from the county prison. Few details are known of Treviño Morales's life in Dallas; the U.S. authorities believe he learned about "power, money, weapons and the vast consumer market for illegal drugs" while living in Texas. They also believe that he perceived an anti-Mexican bias among Americans, and especially towards Mexican immigrants like him. However, Treviño Morales considered Dallas his home because of his large family network that lives in the surrounding areas. According to U.S. investigators, he was last seen in the Dallas area in 2005 after entering the United States illegally, where visited his family and was said to have been at a strip club.
Criminal origins and ascension.
As a teenager, he began to work for Los Tejas, a gang that ran the criminal activities in his hometown of Nuevo Laredo. From washing cars, running errands, and stealing car parts in Nuevo Laredo, Treviño Morales turned to the drug trade, starting with small-scale drug retail sales and smuggling. Unlike the first members of Los Zetas, he was never in the military. He was hired by them and the Gulf Cartel in the late 1990s for his experience moving contraband across the border. His fluent English and his criminal contacts on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border allowed him to gain the trust of the then-leader of the Gulf Cartel, Osiel Cárdenas Guillén. When he joined the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas, Los Tejas, the local gang he once worked for, was absorbed by the former groups. Around 2005, Treviño Morales became the regional boss of Nuevo Laredo; he was in charge of fighting off the incursions of the Sinaloa Cartel, which was attempting to take control of the smuggling routes in the area. The Laredo–Nuevo Laredo area is a lucrative smuggling route for narcotics because of the Interstate 35 highway, which serves as a strategic pathway to San Antonio, Austin, and Dallas for future drug distribution. While in power, he orchestrated a number of assassinations in American cities and in Mexico by young U.S. citizens whom he put on his payroll. Treviño Morales was good at identifying and grooming young teenagers who he believed had the potential to become professional assassins for Los Zetas. These recruits, sometimes called "Zetitas" ("Little Zetas"), usually joined organized crime as young as twelve-years old to work first as smugglers and later as paid assassins.
By 2006, the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas managed to defeat the forces of the Sinaloa Cartel in Nuevo Laredo. The latter cartel concentrated its efforts in northeastern Mexico, becoming dominant there. Los Zetas started to expand into other criminal activities beyond drug trafficking. Under Treviño Morales, the organization smuggled immigrants to the United States, carried out extortions and kidnappings, sold pirated CDs and DVDs, and intimidated and/or killed residents who failed to cooperate with them. Treviño Morales remained in charge of Los Zetas in the state of Nuevo León and in Piedras Negras, Coahuila, until March 2007. He was reassigned to the coastal state of Veracruz, shortly after high-ranking Zetas leader Efraín Teodoro Torres (alias "Z-14") was killed in a gun battle at a local horse race. Though Cárdenas Guillén was imprisoned in 2003, he reportedly directed the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas behind bars; when he was extradited to the United States in 2007, Treviño Morales and Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano pushed for Los Zetas' independence from the Gulf Cartel.
In November 2007, the city of Laredo, Texas, issued an arrest warrant for Treviño in connection with a 2006 double homicide in Texas. In 2008, Treviño Morales and Lazcano Lazcano, the two leaders of Los Zetas, forged an alliance with the Beltrán Leyva Cartel. It had just gone to war with the Sinaloa Cartel, believing that "El Chapo" Guzmán, their leader, had betrayed them. Treviño Morales subsequently joined them to kill the leader of the Sinaloa Cartel. Government sources said Los Zetas were fighting for control against "La Federación" (The Federation), an alliance of several drug trafficking groups led by Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán and Ismael "El Mayo" Zambada, two drug lords who used to work for the Beltrán Leyva Cartel.
In February 2008, Lazcano Lazcano sent Treviño Morales to kill rival drug traffickers and take control of the drug trafficking routes in Guatemala. Reportedly, he carried out a military-like ambush that resulted in the death of the Guatemalan drug lord Juan José León Ardón (alias "Juancho") in March. An unnamed U.S. official said that Treviño Morales may have been the man who fired the bullet that killed the drug kingpin. Having succeeded outside of Mexico, Treviño Morales was appointed by Lazcano Lazcano as the national commander of Los Zetas, a position traditionally reserved to Zetas members with military background. In this position, Treviño Morales had a say in nearly all the decisions Los Zetas made at a national level, creating some resentment among the old-generation commanders of Los Zetas who, unlike him, had been in the Mexican Armed Forces before turning to the drug trade.
Leadership position.
Treviño Morales acted as a cartel 'gate-keeper,' and his people collected a "piso" (tariff) at all drug territories controlled by Los Zetas. He controlled the highly lucrative Nuevo Laredo "plaza" (turf), across the border from Laredo, Texas. He bribed and intimidated officials to help maintain control, and responded to any challenges to his authority or control with brutal violence. Treviño was feared and very few local journalists dared to write about him. He was alleged to favored a torture method known as the "guiso" (stew), in which people are stuffed into an oil barrel, doused with gasoline, and set on fire to burn alive. His violent behavior gained him "the notoriety of a cult figure." He reportedly survived gun battles unharmed, avoided making alliances with anyone, dismembered dozens of victims while they were still alive and dumped them, and "seemed unafraid to die." Organization members claimed that Treviño Morales enjoyed driving around the city in a car, pointing at people randomly and saying, "kill this one and kill that one." A former hitman who worked for him told the press in 2013 that Treviño Morales could not sleep at night if he did not kill someone. He also said that the drug lord would ask his victims how they wanted to be killed. Journalist Alfredo Corchado, head of "The Dallas Morning News" in Mexico, wrote in one of his books that Treviño Morales enjoyed eating out the hearts of his victims—even when they were still alive—because he believed that doing that would make him invincible among his enemies and authorities.
Treviño Morales reportedly coordinated several violent attacks throughout Mexico, including the murder of 72 migrants in 2010 and the massacre of 193 people a year later in San Fernando, Tamaulipas. He is also believed to have threatened to shoot down the plane of the former President Felipe Calderón in August 2012 while on a trip to the state of Tamaulipas. Although it was not the first time Calderón received death threats from organized crime, the authorities deemed the drug lord's threat as credible, and urged the President to cancel his trip (though he ultimately went anyway). Under Treviño Morales' leadership, Los Zetas were considered by the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) to be highly sophisticated, advanced, and one of the most dangerous criminal organizations operating in Mexico and the hemisphere. He was widely regarded as one of the most violent drug lords operating in Mexico.
Treviño Morales reportedly moved around through Mexico and Central America, and often met with Colombian drug lords in Mexico City, the nation's capital, to do business. To escape law enforcement notice, he used "caravans" of purported businessmen and religious persons. In the northern part of the country, he reportedly maintained a close tie with a number of politicians. His brother Omar Treviño Morales ("Z-42") leads Los Zetas in the Gulf of Mexico.
Split between Los Zetas and the Gulf Cartel.
Cárdenas Guillén was arrested in Matamoros, Tamaulipas in 2003 and extradited to the United States in 2007. While in prison in Mexico, he reportedly coordinated the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas from his prison cell. But with his extradition, Treviño Morales's organization experienced a leadership crisis. "La Compañía" (The Company), a name used to describe the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas as a conglomerate, remained in a loose cooperation until early 2010, when violence erupted between both groups. On 18 January 2010, several members of the Gulf Cartel kidnapped Víctor Peña Mendoza (alias "Concord 3"), a leader of Los Zetas and close associate and friend of Treviño Morales. When he was held captive, Peña Mendoza was asked to switch alliances and join the Gulf Cartel, but he refused, earning a beating followed by execution, presumably carried out by Samuel Flores Borrego.
Treviño Morales heard about the incident and issued an ultimatum to Flores Borrego and Gulf Cartel leader Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez:
Hand over the assassin of my friend, you son of a bitch ... You have until the 25th, if you don't comply, there will be war.
Both of the Gulf Cartel leaders ignored the command, and Treviño Morales moved swiftly to avenge the death of his former comrade. On 30 January 2010, Treviño Morales kidnapped and slaughtered 16 Gulf Cartel members in Reynosa, Tamaulipas, marking the start of the cartel war between the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas in the Mexican states of Tamaulipas, Nuevo León, and Veracruz that has lead to thousands of deaths. Los Zetas used violent and intimidatory tactics to expand, forging a reputation as Mexico's most violent drug trafficking organization. It managed to take control of most of the territories owned by the Gulf Cartel when they had essentially served as a single organization. With Treviño Morales as the second-in-command of the criminal organization, Los Zetas began to kill Gulf Cartel members and other rival drug traffickers en masse and winning their territories.
Infighting in Los Zetas.
In 2011, however, Treviño Morales's criminal organization entered a new internal strife after Jesús Enrique Rejón Aguilar (alias "El Mamito"), one of their highest-ranking leaders, was arrested in July. Though he did not call out any names, he stated that someone within Los Zetas had betrayed him. Shortly thereafter, alleged organized crime members uploaded a narcocorrido music video on YouTube portraying Treviño Morales "as the New Judas" and accusing him of setting up the arrests and deaths of other commanders within the criminal organization and being disloyal to Lazcano Lazcano, his boss. In several articles published in August 2012, a U.S. law enforcement official told the press that Treviño Morales had successfully taken the leadership of the cartel and displaced Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, the long-time leader. Treviño Morales began to take over the assets of Los Zetas and was working to remove Lazcano Lazcano as the head since early 2010. Amidst the Zetas civil war, many high-ranking members in Los Zetas began to fall. High-ranking Zetas leader Iván Velázquez Caballero (alias "El Talibán") was arrested in September 2012, presumably set up either by rival gang members or gangsters aligned with a group related to Treviño Morales. On 6 October 2012, drug lord Salvador Alfonso Martínez Escobedo (alias "La Ardilla") was arrested in Nuevo Laredo by the Mexican Navy. After Velázquez's fall, a split off group known as "Los Legionarios" (The Legionaries) was born in Nuevo Laredo and vowed to bring down Treviño Morales for allegedly betraying him. A second faction from Los Zetas, known as "Sangre Zeta" (Zetas Blood), also broke up from the organization to join forces against him.
The active role of Treviño Morales got him the loyalty and respect of many in Los Zetas, and eventually many stopped paying to Lazcano Lazcano. In order to avoid his arrest or death from betrayal, Lazcano Lazcano reportedly fled the country and lived in Germany and Costa Rica for an unknown time with surrounding rumors that he had terminal cancer. Back in Mexico, Treviño Morales had become the strongest of the two in Los Zetas. Lazcano Lazcano was then killed by the Mexican Navy in the state of Coahuila on 7 October 2012, and Treviño Morales succeeded him as the top leader of Los Zetas.
Bounty and indictments.
In 2009 in New York and in 2010 in Washington, the U.S. Department of Justice released an indictment against Treviño Morales for conspiracy to manufacture and distribute cocaine into the United States from Mexico and Guatemala. There was a bounty for him in Mexico set at $30 million MXN (US$2.3 million) and another one in the U.S. at US$5 million ($62.4 million MXN). Los Zetas are responsible for the smuggling of multiple tons of cocaine, marijuana, and heroin into the United States from Mexico annually. He was also considered one of Mexico's most-wanted drug lords.
Treviño Morales is known by various aliases: L-40 (40, Z-40, Zeta 40), Comandante Cuarenta, El Cuarenta, David Estrada-Corado, and La Mona.
Arrest.
A month before his capture, U.S. authorities had been passing down information to their counterparts in Mexico that Treviño Morales was making frequent visits to the Nuevo Laredo border area to see his newborn baby. They traded this intelligence information from wiretaps conversations and informants' tips. Treviño Morales was apprehended by the Mexican Marines in Anáhuac, Nuevo León, near the border of Tamaulipas state, at around 3:45 a.m. on 15 July 2013 without firing a single shot. The truck he was traveling in was intercepted on the road by a Black Hawk helicopter from the Navy; when the Marines got off the helicopter and tried to apprehend him, the capo attempted to escape by running through some bushes but was later caught. He was in possession of US$2 million ($25,316,100 MXN) in cash, eight weapons and hundreds of rounds of ammunition; two other men were arrested with him and taken into custody. Rumors of Treviño Morales's arrest and a mugshot of him in custody began to circulate through Twitter and other social media outlets around noon that day, but the Mexican government did not confirm the arrest, nor did the U.S. authorities receive a formal confirmation until hours later.
At the time of his arrest, Treviño Morales had pending charges for organized crime involvement, drug trafficking, torture, money laundering, and the illegal use of firearms under Mexican law, among other charges. However, he only declared the money and firearms that were confiscated during his arrest. Following his arrest, the drug lord was flown to Mexico City and kept at the SEIDO installations, Mexico's organized crime investigatory agency. On 19 July 2013, he was transferred to the Federal Social Readaptation Center No. 1 maximum security prison in Almoloya de Juárez, State of Mexico, via helicopter. On January 2014, a New York federal district court issued other criminal charges against the drug lord. The investigation alleged that Treviño Morales conspired to order killings against rival gangsters of Los Zetas, members of his own criminal organization, and Mexican policemen and personnel of the Mexican Army from September 2004 to July 2013. The court, which sought his extradition, also stated that the drug lord conspired to traffic drugs to the U.S.
Family.
Miguel's brother José Treviño Morales was arrested on 12 June 2012 by a combined U.S. federal task force. He has been indicted as one of the money launderers for the Zetas through an Oklahoma-based American Quarter Horse racing operation. His son Alejandro Treviño Chávez was killed during a shootout in the state of Coahuila on 5 October 2012 by a law enforcement group; in response, Miguel ordered the murder of José Eduardo Moreira, nephew of governor of Coahuila Rubén Moreira, and son of Humberto Moreira (Governor of the State of Coahuila from 2005 to 2011).
Omar Treviño Morales, his younger brother, is a high-level leader in Los Zetas and one of Mexico's most-wanted drug lords. The U.S government is offering up to US$5 million ($62.4 million MXN) for information that leads to his arrest and conviction. He is responsible for several murders and kidnappings carried out in Nuevo Laredo between 2005 and 2006. The authorities consider him the successor and "heir" of Los Zetas following Miguel's arrest.
Miguel's older brother, Juan Francisco Treviño Morales, is currently imprisoned in the United States; his son (and nephew of Miguel), Juan Francisco Treviño Chávez, alias "El Quico", was arrested in Monterrey on 15 June 2012. Eduardo Treviño Treviño, another nephew of Miguel, was arrested in Nuevo Laredo in May 2013 and awaits an extradition to the United States for kidnapping and drug trafficking charges that date back to 2010. Miguel's wife Juanita del Carmen Ríos Hernández was included in the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act on February 2014, banning U.S. citizens from doing any kind of business activities with companies under her name.

</doc>
<doc id="20160294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160294" title="WuXi PharmaTech">
WuXi PharmaTech

WuXi PharmaTech (Public, NYSE: WX) (pronounced" WOO-shee") is a research and development (R&D) services company headquartered in Shanghai, with operations in China and the United States. The comany uses an open-access technology platform designed to enable efficient development of medicines for customers. WuXi acts as a contract researcher for most of the world's largest pharmaceutical, biotech and medical device companies and many smaller companies. As of April 2013, the company had more than 1,600 customers.
History.
WuXi's founder, Dr Ge Li earned his doctorate in organic chemistry from Columbia University, and was a founder at Pharmacopeia, Inc. of Princeton, New Jersey, then returned to China to found WuXi PharmaTech in Shanghai in December 2000.
WuXi established services in synthetic chemistry in 2001, manufacturing process development in 2003, research manufacturing in 2004, bioanalytical services in 2005, service biology in 2006, and toxicology and formulation in 2007. On December 14, 2006, WuXi PharmaTech, announced that it was named 173rd on the Deloitte Technology Fast 500 Asia Pacific 2006 ranking. The company opened chemistry facilities in Tianjin in 2007. In 2008, WuXi PharmaTech acquired AppTec Laboratory Services Inc., a US-based company founded in 2001 with expertise in medical-device and biologics testing and with facilities in St. Paul, MN; Philadelphia, PA; and Atlanta, GA. WuXi opened a toxicology facility in Suzhou in 2009.
WuXi opened a large-scale manufacturing facility in Jinshan in 2010. The company began a biologics discovery, development, and manufacturing operation in Shanghai and Wuxi city in 2011. WuXi acquired MedKey, a China-based clinical research company, and Abgent, a company that develops and produces reagents used in biologic research, in 2011. In 2012, WuXi opened a chemistry facility in Wuhan and a GMP biologics drug-substance facility in Wuxi city. That year WuXi also entered into a joint venture with MedImmune, the biologics arm of AstraZeneca, to co-develop MEDI5117, an anti-IL6 antibody for rheumatoid arthritis for the Chinese market. In 2013, WuXi formed a joint venture with the global clinical contract research organization PRA International to build a clinical research business in China.
Company segments.
The company has two segments: laboratory services and manufacturing services. Laboratory services represent discovery and development services for pharmaceuticals, development and testing services for biotherapeutics and medical devices, and comprehensive toxicology services. The laboratory services segment generated 77% of total company revenues in 2012. Synthetic chemistry and medicinal chemistry generate the largest portions of laboratory services revenues.
Since 2004, the company has offered manufacturing services for active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) used in preclinical and clinical research. In 2011, WuXi began commercial manufacturing of advanced intermediates for the hepatitis C drug Incivek (telaprevir) for Vertex Pharmaceuticals. As of 2013, the company manufactures advanced intermediates for six products. The manufacturing services segment generated 23% of total company revenues in 2012.
Financials.
WuXi PharmaTech has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange since August 9, 2007, and its American Depositary Shares trade under the symbol WX. The equity market capitalization of WuXi was approximately $1.4 billion as of June 2013.
Total net revenue in the first quarter of 2013 was $131.9 million (up 12% year over year), gross profit was $47.4 million (up 13%), operating income was $23.0 million (up 11%), net income was $21.7 million (up 3%), and diluted EPS was $.30 (up 7%).

</doc>
<doc id="20160330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160330" title="Dean Roemmich">
Dean Roemmich

Dean Roemmich is a contemporary American physical oceanographer.
Roemmich was the early leader behind the sensors array Argo which measures vertical profiles of oceanic conditions such as temperature, salinity, and pressure.
He received the Sverdrup Gold Medal Award from the American Meteorological Society in 2008 for "his contributions to the measurement and understanding of the ocean's role in climate, and for leading the development and implementation of the Argo array". He joined Scripps Institution of Oceanography in 1981. 

</doc>
<doc id="20160335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160335" title="Eupatorium linearifolium">
Eupatorium linearifolium

Eupatorium linearifolium is a fall-blooming herbaceous plant native to North America. Like other members of the genus "Eupatorium" it has inflorescences containing a large number of white flowers with disc florets and no ray florets.
Works such as "Flora of North America" define "E. linearifolium" to include all the plants which in the past were treated as "E. cuneifolium". The most distinctive feature of "E. linearifolium", compared with other "Eupatorium" species, is that the stems branch near the ground.
"E. linearifolium" is found in the southeastern United States, as far west as Texas and as far north as North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="20160336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160336" title="H-Town Texas Cyclones">
H-Town Texas Cyclones

The H-Town Texas Cyclones were a team of the Independent Women's Football League. Based in Houston, the Cyclones played their home games at Reggie Grob Stadium on the campus of the Spring Branch Independent School District. The Cyclones were the second IWFL team based in Houston, after the Houston Energy. However, while the Energy competes in Tier I, the Cyclones were expected to compete in Tier II. Both teams were to compete for talent and fans with the Women's Football Alliance's Houston Power.
In their inaugural season, when they played in the National Women's Football Association the Cyclones defeated the West Michigan Mayhem 39-10 to win the NWFA Championship, the league's last before folding. Their sophomore season (in which they were members of the WFA) was not as successful, as they were only credited two wins that season (both by default when the East Texas Saberkats folded). Afterwards, the team folded.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 13 || 7 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20160344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160344" title="Louis Dicken Wilson">
Louis Dicken Wilson

Louis Dicken Wilson (May 12, 1789 - August 12, 1847) was a North Carolinian politician and general in the United States Army. He served in the General Assembly of North Carolina and the North Carolina Senate for in various terms between 1814 and 1846. Wilson County, North Carolina is named in his honor, as well as the city of Wilson, North Carolina.
He was a member of the Democratic Party. His traditional opponents during elections were Whigs.
Biography.
He was born on May 12, 1789 to William Wilson and Elizabeth Dicken at their plantation south of Tar River in Edgecombe County, North Carolina. After receiving an education at the local academy, in 1807 he moved to Washington, Connecticut where he worked in a Counting house. Apparently around this time he also studied law because in a few later he returned home and qualified as a Notary Public on May 28, 1812, then on February 24, 1817 a he became a Justice of the Peace.
He represented Edgecombe County, North Carolina in the General Assembly of North Carolina from 1814 to 1819 and in the North Carolina Senate in 1820 then again from 1824 to 1832. In 1835 he was a delegate to the North Carolina constitutional convention.
On December 19, 1827 he was elected Brigadier-General of the 5th North Carolina Brigade. On December 12, 1846 he requested a leave of absence from the State senate to fight in the Mexican American War. Wilson returned to Edgecombe and on January 5 was made Captain of Company A of the First Edgecombe Volunteer Regiment which summarily deployed to Mexico. On March 3, 1847 Wilson was offered the post of Colonel of the 12th Regiment of the United States Infantry by President James K. Polk which he returned to Washington to accept on April 9.
He died on August 12, 1847 of yellow fever in Vera Cruz, Mexico. He was never married and had no recorded children. He did however will Edgecombe County the substantial sum of $40,000 for helping the county's poor (of which only $12,000 was properly utilized, $10,000 lost to bad investments and $18,000 skimmed off by certain government officials during Reconstruction).

</doc>
<doc id="20160357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160357" title="West Roxbury Education Complex">
West Roxbury Education Complex

West Roxbury Educational Complex (formerly West Roxbury High School) is a high school complex within Boston Public Schools located in the West Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. The complex consists of two schools, namely the West Roxbury Academy and the Urban Science Academy.
Facts.
West Roxbury High School has been renamed West Roxbury Educational Complex, and is divided into four schools: Media Communications Technology High School, Parkway Academy of Technology and Health, Urban Science Academy and Brook Farm Business & Service Career Academy.
The school is located between Millennium Park and a large wetland. An island within the wetland is accessible by a boardwalk from the shore behind the school where the Boston Schoolyard Initiative built an Outdoor Classroom and science education site in collaboration with the Urban Science Academy.
In the fall of 2011, the West Roxbury Education Complex will be separated into two schools, closing two. Brook Farm Academy & Media Communications Technology High School will be merged into one school while Urban Science Academy and parkway Academy of Technology and Health will be merged into one school at the complex.
The School is located near the 19th Century site of Brook Farm, and in the watershed of the upper Charles River.
Athletics.
The West Roxbury Football 1984 Team was the first Boston Public School to win a state title.
The West Roxbury Boys Baseball Team won the Boston City South championship in 2008
The West Roxbury Football Team won the Boston City South championship in 2006
Longtime coach Leo Sybertz led the West Roxbury Football Team to 5 Super Bowl wins, 2 players who went on to NFL careers, 202 wins, still a record in the City League, 13 league championships and 10 playoff appearances in 31 years as head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20160368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160368" title="Susquehanna River Basin Commission">
Susquehanna River Basin Commission

The Susquehanna River Basin Commission (SRBC) is federal-interstate compact commission created by the Susquehanna River Basin Compact (Pub. L. 91-575) between three U.S states: (Pennsylvania, New York, and Maryland), and the federal government, and signed into law by President Richard Nixon on Christmas Eve 1970 to be effective 30 days later on January 23, 1971.
Purpose and activities.
The purpose of the SRBC is to manage the water resources of the Susquehanna River under comprehensive planning principles through its own programs and by coordinating the efforts of the three states and the federal government. These program efforts include implementation of structural and non-structural flood mitigation projects, regulation of water withdrawals and consumptive use, allocation of water resources among the member states, restoration and preservation of fisheries and wetlands, protection of future water supply (including availability of flows into the Chesapeake Bay), and protection of water quality.
Membership.
State membership on the Commission includes the governors of the three participating states or their designees. Under Pub. L. 110-114, the federal member is "ex officio" the Commander, North Atlantic Division, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The members appoint alternate members to serve in their place. As of January 2014, Brig. Gen. Kent Savre is the federal member of the Commission. Dr. Robert M. Summers is the member from Maryland and James M. Tierney is the member from New York. Chris Abruzzo is the member from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Brig. Gen. Kent Savre also serves as the United States Member of the Delaware River Basin Commission under the authority of Pub. L. 110-114.
The Commission’s appointed members do periodically change. Here is the most current member list.
Controversy.
In 2012 the Commission attracted protests by approving the extraction of water for use in fracking, an activity which the protestors believed causes ground-water pollution and contributes to global warming. 
This water extraction involved the sale of a mobile home park by the owner to 
Aqua America who had gotten permission from the Commission to withdraw up to 3 million gallons of water per day from the Susquehana at that site. Aqua America then evicted the occupants so as to build 
a pumping station station on the site, attracting further protests from the residents 
of the site and their supporters.

</doc>
<doc id="20160376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160376" title="Ichabod and Me">
Ichabod and Me

Ichabod and Me is a 36-episode American situation comedy series set in a small New England town and starring Robert Sterling and George Chandler. It aired on CBS from September 26, 1961, to June 5, 1962, and was produced by Joe Connelly and Bob Mosher, in association with Jack Benny's "JaMco Productions".
Photos are not of George Chandler or Robert Sterling; Leon Ames is one of those pictured. 
Cast & characters.
The storyline featured Sterling in the role of 44-year-old Robert "Bob" Major, a widower and newspaper reporter from New York City who moves to the fictitious town of Phippsboro to purchase and edit the local paper, "The Bulletin". Chandler plays the 63-year-old meddlesome former editor, Ichabod Adams, who has become the municipal traffic commissioner but keeps an eye on Sterling to make sure that the newspaper meets specifications. At the time of his "Ichabod" role, Chandler was also the president of the Screen Actors Guild.
In addition to the two main leads, the cast included Reta Shaw as Aunt Lavinia, Bob's housekeeper; Christine White as Abigail Adams, Ichabod's daughter and Bob's girlfriend; Jimmy Mathers as Benjie, Bob's six-year-old son; Jimmy Hawkins, also a semi-regular on "The Donna Reed Show" and later "Petticoat Junction", as Jonathan Baylor; Burt Mustin, Gus the Fireman on "Leave It to Beaver", as Olaf; and Forrest Lewis as Colby.
Overview.
The pilot, titled "Adam's Apples", was broadcast on April 24, 1960 on CBS's "General Electric Theater" with Ronald Reagan. The episodes of the series were titled "Ichabod's Niece", "The Phippsboro Story", "The Old Stowe Road" (with Mary Treen), "Ichabod's Romance", "Bob's Housekeeper", "A Letter from Juliet", "Teenage Journalist", "Parking Problems", "Bob's Redhead" (with Merry Anders), "Election Fever", "Jonathan's Romance", "The Purple Cow", and "Big Business". Notably, Rod Serling appeared as Eugene Hollinfield in the episode "The Celebrity" on March 20, 1962.
Summer rebroadcasts continued until September 16. The series ran at 9:30 Eastern on Tuesday in a favorable time slot sandwiched between "The Red Skelton Show" and "The Garry Moore Show", both in the Top 15. At the end of each Skelton broadcast, George Chandler urged viewers to stay tuned to "Ichabod and Me". Yet viewers left CBS for that half-hour in droves, as "Ichabod and Me" failed to develop its own loyal audience. The competition to "Ichabod and Me" was not a significant threat, either, it included the second half of both Leslie Nielsen's "The New Breed" police drama on ABC (until November 14, when "The New Breed" moved to 8:30 PM and Bert Parks' game show "Yours for a Song" began airing at 9:30 Eastern), and "The Dick Powell Show" anthology series on NBC.

</doc>
<doc id="20160379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160379" title="Mario Monge">
Mario Monge

Mario Antonio Monge (27 November 1938 – 31 May 2009) was a football player from El Salvador.
Club career.
Monge played for two of the "Big Four" of Salvadoran football, FAS and Alianza
International career.
Monge has represented his country in 6 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played 2 matches ath the 1970 FIFA World Cup Finals.

</doc>
<doc id="20160389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160389" title="Borjomi (water)">
Borjomi (water)

Borjomi () is a brand of naturally carbonated mineral water from springs in the Borjomi Gorge of central Georgia. The artesian springs in the valley are fed by water that filters from glaciers covering the peaks of the Bakuriani mountains at altitudes of up to . The water rises to the surface without pumping and is transported by pipes to two bottling plants in the town of Borjomi.
The Borjomi springs were discovered by the Imperial Russian military in the 1820s. They were made famous throughout the Russian Empire, making Borjomi a popular tourist destination. The history of the brand is closely associated with the Russian imperial dynasty of Romanov. By the 1890s, Borjomi was bottled in the Georgian estates of Grand Duke Mikhail of Russia. After the Russian Revolution of 1917 and subsequent Soviet takeover of Georgia, the Borjomi enterprise was nationalized and the water was made into a top Soviet export.
Borjomi is Georgia's third largest export and is exported to over 40 countries. Since 1995, Borjomi has been trademarked and produced by the Georgian Glass and Mineral Water Company (GG&MW), belonging to the Russian Alfa Group Consortium. The use of Borjomi water has been suggested by the Georgian and Russian researchers for complex treatment of several digestive diseases and diabetes mellitus.
History.
The mineral springs of the Borjomi valley were discovered over one thousand years ago. Seven large rock tubs discovered by archeologists dating back to the beginning of the 7th century attest to the availability and use of the spring waters, most likely for bathing purposes. The springs were abandoned before being rediscovered in the early 19th century. By that time, as a result of the incessant warfare, Borjomi and its environs had been depopulated and covered with impassable forests.
In 1829, when the Imperial Russian Army Kherson Grenadier Regiment was deployed in Borjomi for operations against the Ottoman Empire, Russian soldiers found mineral springs on the right bank of Borjomi river. Intrigued by the find, Colonel Pavel Popov, the commander of the regiment, ordered that the springs be cleaned and that the water be bottled and transported to the military base. Popov, who suffered from stomach disease tried the water first. Seeing positive results, he ordered the construction of rock walls around the spring and he had a bath house built nearby, along with a small cottage house for himself. In 1837, when the Kherson regiment was replaced by the Georgian grenadiers regiment, its medical doctor Amirov examined the water components and their effects, sending the first results of analysis to Saint Petersburg and Moscow. By 1841, the healing effects of Borjomi water were so famous that the viceroy of the Russian Tsar in the Caucasus Yevgeni Golovin brought his sick daughter to the springs for treatment. In light of the quick results of the treatment, he called the first spring "Yekaterinsky" () after his daughter Yekaterina and the second "Yevgeniyevsky" (Евгеньевский) after himself.
Golovin also expedited the official transfer of the waters from the military to civil authorities. In 1850, a mineral water park was opened in Borjomi and in 1854, the authorities commissioned construction of the first bottling plant. Borjomi water gained popularity for its curing effects all over the Russian Empire and the government began building palaces, parks, public gardens and hotels to accommodate incoming tourists and patients. The commute from Tiflis to Borjomi usually took 8–9 hours by phaetons, however the new Mikhaylovo-Borjomi railroad built in 1894 significantly reduced the length of the journey. Renowned figures such as Anton Chekhov, Pyotr Tchaikovsky as well as members of the royal Russian family were among the common visitors of the springs. By that time, Borjomi was a rival of similar European spas, such as Vichy, frequented by Russian tourists, the fact that earned for Borjomi the reputation of "the Russian Vichy" and "the pearl of the Caucasus".
In 1894, Grand Duke Mikhail Romanov built a bottling plant in the Borjomi park which continued to operate until the 1950s. The income from the Borjomi waters enterprise contributed to the wealth of Mikhail's son and successor Nikolay, who was the richest of all Russian grand dukes by 1914.In 1890 was built the first bottling plant of Borjomi. Demand on the glass bottles were high and A glass factory was built in 1896. According to archives, in 1854 only 1350 bottles of water were produced, in 1905 the number reached 320,000 and by 1913 over 9 million bottles were sold. After the establishment of Soviet rule in Georgia, Borjomi was widely sold around the Soviet Union and was favored by Soviet leaders such as Joseph Stalin. Exploration of the Borjomi Gorge was conducted in 1927. Between then and 1982, 57 exploration wells (depths ranging from to ) were drilled. In 1961, 423,000 bottles of "Borjomi" was exported to 15 countries including the United States, France and Austria. During the existence of the Soviet Union, Borjomi was recognized as the third best known brand of the USSR after the Volga car and Aeroflot airlines. In the 1980s, annual production of Borjomi water reached 400 million bottles. 
The production slowed down with the collapse of the Soviet Union and economic stagnation in the independent Republic of Georgia. In 1995, bottling of Borjomi was restarted by the Georgian Glass and Mineral Waters Company (GG&MW), which increased the production forty-fold. According to the company, 80% of Borjomi produced that year was exported abroad—more than half of this amount to Russia. Despite counterfeit drinks being produced under the Borjomi label as a result of rising piracy during the 1990s, Borjomi water was able to reclaim its reputation by 2000 in a distinctive packaging campaign. The piracy also slowed down due to the 1998 Russian financial crisis.
In May 2006, Russia banned imports of the Georgian mineral waters, declaring them unsafe. Georgia viewed this as an attempt to restrict access to the Russian market and making Borjomi a pawn in post-Soviet political power play. As a result of the ban, GG&MW lost GEL 25 million in 2006, but the company declared the crisis to have been overcome by 2008, with sales volumes reaching pre-2006 level. The sales and export of Borjomi mineral water dropped again by 30-40% starting from October 2008 due to the global financial crisis. But already in 2010 company declared that sales figures of well- known brand Borjomi were the same as the company has before ban. In 2011 sales company sold 15% more Borjomi than they were selling before ban. Today Borjomi is sold in 40 countries worldwide. Today Borjomi in post-soviet countries is a number one brand in imported mineral water brand segment.
Features.
Borjomi is a water of volcanic origin which is over 1,500 years old. It is pushed up to the surface from 1500m below ground by natural carbon dioxide pressure. Borjomi does not cool down before it reaches the surface and comes out at a temperature of . The Borjomi springs are located in the central part of the Adjara-Imereti mountain range of Greater Caucasus at an altitude of above sea level. The average depth of each of the nine spring wells is .
In order to preserve the mineral composition of the springs, in 2006 the Georgian Ministry of Environment Protection and Natural Resources approved a production plan for 2006–2031 estimating 561,000 litres per day which allows bottling of over 1 million bottles a day using 10 wells in Borjomi Gorge. The wells are located in 3 exploitation lots: Central (in the vicinity of Borjomi town), Likani (in Likani village) and Vashlovani-Kvibisi (in villages Vashlovani and Kvibisi). The water received from the wells travels by a stainless steel pipeline to two bottling plants where it is cooled and bottled. The first plant specializes in glass bottling, the second in PET bottling.
The production of mineral water and the associated tourist economy in Borjomi and the nearby Borjomi-Kharagauli National Park make up 10 percent of Georgia's export trade. Construction of the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline near the Borjomi has been controversial because of potential negative environmental and economic impacts on the region.
Packaging.
Borjomi comes in glass bottle sizes of 0.33 and 0.5 litres and plastic bottle sizes of 0.5 litre and 1 litres. Both types of bottles are screw-capped. The signature greenish color of the glass bottles (so-called "Georgian Green") is based on a proprietary formula. 
In February 2011, new packaging of Borjomi water presenting a new and more sophisticated modern look was introduced, accentuating relief of the deer image and sign of the manufacturer on the label. More than 40 countries, including Ukraine, Israel, the United States, Czech Republic, Poland, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Canada, Austria, Turkey, Japan, Spain, Belgium, the Netherlands, Greece, Australia, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom and South Korea, will get Borjomi in newly designed bottles.

</doc>
<doc id="20160413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160413" title="Eighth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas">
Eighth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas

The Eighth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas "(VIII Distrito Electoral Federal de Chiapas)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 12 such districts in the state of Chiapas.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
The Eighth District of Chiapas covers eight municipalities near the Guatemalan border: Bella Vista, Chicomuselo, Comitán de Domínguez, Frontera Comalapa, La Independencia, La Trinitaria, Socoltenango and Tzimol.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Comitán.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the Eighth District had a slightly different configuration. Still in the same broad region and centred on Comitán, it covered the following municipalities:
The Eighth District of Chiapas was created in 1977. Prior to that year, Chiapas only had six federal electoral districts. The Eighth District elected its first deputy, to the 51st Congress, in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20160415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160415" title="John Nutting">
John Nutting

John Nutting (born in Margate, England) is an Australian radio presenter.
Nutting was host of Country music show Saturday Night Country on ABC Local Radio across Australia for 17 years between 1993 and 2010.
In 2010 Nutting announced he was retiring from radio and will be replaced by Felicity Urquhart on Saturday Night Country from the end of February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20160427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160427" title="Stephen Barker (Australian politician)">
Stephen Barker (Australian politician)

Stephen Barker (1845 – 21 June 1924) was an English-born Australian politician. Born in London, he received a primary education before becoming a tailor. He migrated to Australia where he became an organiser of the Tramways Union. He served as secretary of the Melbourne Trades Hall Council from 1901 to 1910. In 1910, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator from Victoria. He was defeated in 1919, but re-elected in 1922. However, he died in 1924, and Joseph Hannan was appointed as his replacement.

</doc>
<doc id="20160434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160434" title="Anything Goes (Brad Mehldau album)">
Anything Goes (Brad Mehldau album)

Anything Goes is a contemporary jazz album by the Brad Mehldau trio. The title track is Cole Porter's "Anything Goes" arranged for the trio. The album, like many of Mehldau's other albums, contains several jazz arrangements of pop/rock songs, including "Still Crazy After All These Years" by Paul Simon, and "Everything in Its Right Place" by Radiohead.

</doc>
<doc id="20160454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160454" title="ReneSola">
ReneSola

ReneSola Ltd. () is a Jiashan-headquartered manufacturer of solar wafers, which are thin sheets of crystalline silicon material primarily used in the production of solar cells. 
The Company’s customers include some of the global manufacturers of solar cells and modules, such as JA Solar Co., Ltd., Motech Industries Inc., Solarfun Power Holding Ltd. and Suntech Power Co., Ltd. 
As of December 31, 2007, it offered monocrystalline wafers in sizes of both 125 millimeter by 125 millimeter and 156 millimeter by 156 millimeter. 
The Company possesses one of the solar wafer manufacturing plants in China based as of December 31, 2007. As of December 31, 2007, it had annual ingot manufacturing capacity of approximately 378 megawatt, consisting of monocrystalline ingot manufacturing capacity of approximately 218 megawatt and multicrystalline ingot manufacturing capacity of approximately 160 megawatt, and solar wafer manufacturing capacity of approximately 305 megawatt.
On January 14, 2011, ReneSola announced it had developed a new multicrystalline wafer, the Virtus Wafer, achieving an average cell conversion efficiency rate of 17.5%, more than 1% higher than the industry-standard cell conversion efficiency rate for cells using multicrystalline wafers. 
Stock.
ReneSola's shares are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: SOL) and the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange (AIM: SOLA.L).

</doc>
<doc id="20160457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160457" title="Genoa-Kingston High School">
Genoa-Kingston High School

Genoa-Kingston High School is a public high school located in Genoa, Illinois. It is located within district 424.
http://www.gkschools.org
About Us.
Genoa-Kingston High School is located in Northern DeKalb County in Northern Illinois. The high school is part of the Genoa-Kingston School District #424 which comprises the two communities of Genoa and Kingston, Illinois.
GKHS offers a variety of curricular courses in the areas of math, science, foreign language, English, career and technical education, physical education and fitness, fine arts, social sciences, and special education. The high school is also a member of the Kishwaukee Education Consortium, where juniors and seniors are offered the opportunity to explore a variety of technical classes being conducted with students from neighboring districts.
In the areas of extra curricular activities, students may become involved in drama, music, athletics, and various clubs and organizations. Students are encouraged to become involved in activities as this is viewed as the way to further enhance the learning experience.
Current Education.
Genoa-Kingston High School has an average class size of 20. The average ACT score for GKHS is 17, compared to Illinois’ state average of 24.
This school is ~87% Caucasian, ~11% Hispanic and ~1% Native American or African American.
Athletics.
Genoa-Kingston High School competes in the Big Northern Conference. Sports include:

</doc>
<doc id="20160465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160465" title="Albert Blakey">
Albert Blakey

Albert Edward Howarth Blakey (9 November 1879 – 4 July 1935) was an Australian politician. Born in Balmoral, Victoria, he received a primary education before becoming a clerk, and an official with the Clerks' Union. Blakely also served as secretary of the Hamilton branch of the ALP and a member of the board of directors of the Australian Natives' Association. In 1906 he served as a member of the central executive of the Victorian ALP.
In 1910, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Victoria. He was defeated in 1917, and died in Mooroopna in 1935 after a long illness. 
The "Age" called him a good platform speaker and referred to his genial personality.

</doc>
<doc id="20160477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160477" title="Ninth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas">
Ninth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas

The Ninth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas "(IX Distrito Electoral Federal de Chiapas)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 12 such districts in the state of Chiapas.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
The Ninth District of Chiapas is the state's smallest federal electoral district in area. It covers the north-eastern section of the municipality of Tuxtla Gutiérrez, approximating to the eastern half of that city (the state capital), together with a portion of its rural hinterland.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Tuxtla Gutiérrez.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the Ninth District covered the whole of the municipality of Tuxtla Gutiérrez, with the city serving as the head town.
The Ninth District of Chiapas was created in 1977. Prior to that year, Chiapas only had six federal electoral districts. The Ninth District elected its first deputy, to the 51st Congress, in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20160512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160512" title="Alabama Crimson Tide football, 1960–69">
Alabama Crimson Tide football, 1960–69

__NOTOC__
After the worst decade in the history of Alabama football, Paul Bryant took the Tide to its greatest successes to date. From 1961 to 1966 Alabama won four SEC championships, three national championships (in 1961, 1964, and 1965), and enjoyed winning streaks of 19 and 17 games. Alabama participated in a bowl game every season. However, the end of the decade saw a slight decline into mediocrity.
1960.
Bear Bryant's third team at Alabama was better than his second, which was better than his first. The 1960 team went 8–1–2, which was the best record for any Alabama team since the 1952 team went 10–2 and played in the Orange Bowl. Highlights of the season included a victory over defending SEC champion Georgia and a 3–0 win over Auburn in the Iron Bowl. After trailing Georgia Tech 15–0 at the half, Bama rallied to win 16–15 on a field goal as time expired. However, Alabama lost 20–7 to Tennessee, a team they had not beaten since 1954, and that loss cost Bama a share of the conference title in 1960. Alabama played Texas to a 3–3 tie in the Bluebonnet Bowl.
1961.
In 1961 Bear Bryant's work in rebuilding the Alabama football program, which won only eight games in the four years before his arrival, was complete. Alabama went 11–0, winning its fifth SEC title and first Associated Press national championship. The Tide defense allowed only 22 points in the regular season; only three other SEC teams allowed fewer than 120 points. Only twice all year, against Tulane and in the Sugar Bowl against Arkansas, did Alabama win by less than ten points. Bama's 34–3 victory over Tennessee was its first since 1954 and only its second since 1947. 
1962.
Behind new starting quarterback Joe Namath, Alabama won its first nine games in just as dominant a fashion in 1962 as it did in 1961, every victory by double digits. However, on November 17 Alabama lost to Georgia Tech 7–6, and a 19-game winning streak came to an end. Namath threw four interceptions that day and a Bama two-point conversion attempt in the fourth quarter failed. Bama rebounded to beat Auburn for the fourth year in a row but the loss to Tech cost Bama a share of the SEC title, which went to Mississippi. 
1963.
The 1963 Alabama squad was not quite as dominant as the previous two years. The defense's 88 points given up in the regular season was still second-best in the conference but more than their points allowed in 1961 and 1962 combined. Bama's upset loss to Florida was one of only two games Paul Bryant lost in Tuscaloosa in his 25 years as Alabama head coach (the other came in his last game there, vs. Southern Miss in 1982). An Iron Bowl matchup of top 10 teams lead to a 10–8 Auburn victory, its first in the rivalry since 1958.
Alabama's December 7 game with Miami was postponed from its original scheduled date of Nov. 23 due to the assassination of John F. Kennedy. The season ended with an unusual bowl matchup between two teams from the same conference; Alabama beat SEC champion Mississippi 12–7.
1964.
Alabama returned to dominance in 1964, going 10–1 to win its sixth SEC title and second AP national championship. There were a few more close games this year. On October 24 Bama rallied for ten points in the fourth quarter to beat Florida (and their star quarterback Steve Spurrier) 17–14. Another ten-point rally in the fourth quarter led to a 17–9 victory over LSU. In the regular season finale, Ray Ogden returned a kickoff 100 yards, Ray Perkins caught a touchdown pass, and Bama beat Auburn 21–14. (18 years later, Perkins succeeded Bear Bryant as Alabama coach.) The bowl game loss to Texas did not affect Alabama's national championship, because in 1964 voting came before the bowl games. This National Title is disputed because #2 Arkansas defeated #6 Nebraska in the Cotton Bowl to finish the season undefeated at 11-0 while #1 Alabama lost its bowl game, to a #5 Texas team that Arkansas had beaten earlier in the year, to finish at 10-1. Alabama's loss led The Football Writers Association of America and the Helms Athletic Association to select the Razorbacks as the National Champions. The following year, the Associated Press decided to wait until after the bowl games were finished for their final voting. The 1964 National Title is officially claimed by both schools.
Alabama's 24–7 victory over Georgia Tech marked the end of that rivalry, Georgia Tech having withdrawn from the Southeastern Conference earlier that year.
1965.
The 1965 season opened with the fifth-ranked Tide suffering a surprise upset loss to Georgia. Bama fell behind 10–0, came back to go ahead 17–10 in the second half, then lost 18–17 on a Georgia touchdown and two-point conversion in the final two minutes. Against Mississippi on October 2, Alabama had to rally from a nine-point fourth-quarter deficit to win 17–16. 
On October 16, Alabama and Tennessee played to an unusual tie. The score was deadlocked 7–7 in the closing seconds, and Alabama had driven to the Tennessee four-yard-line after a 14-yard scramble by Tide quarterback Ken Stabler. Stabler, however, believing that it was third down, threw the ball out of bounds with six seconds left to stop the clock. Unfortunately for Stabler and the Tide, it was actually fourth down, possession went to Tennessee, and the game ended in a tie. After the tie with Tennessee Bama won five in a row to win Bryant's fourth SEC title at Bama. Because the Associated Press, for the very first time, was holding its vote until after the bowl games instead of before, fourth-ranked Bama still had a chance to win the national championship when they traveled to Miami to play #3 Nebraska in the Orange Bowl. On New Year's Day, #1 Michigan State lost in the Rose Bowl and #2 Arkansas lost in the Cotton Bowl Classic. Later that night, Alabama beat Nebraska 39–28 in the Orange Bowl. The Tide won its third AP National Championship in five years.
1966.
Alabama’s 1966 team was one of Bryant's most dominant, ripping through the schedule undefeated while only giving up 37 points on the season. Bama won its third SEC championship in a row and ninth overall. The matchup with Tennessee was the only close game of the year. The Volunteers took a 10–0 lead in the first quarter and the score stayed that way until the fourth. Early in the fourth quarterback Ken Stabler scored on a two-yard touchdown run and then threw for a two-point conversion that made it 10–8. Later in the quarter a 14-play drive resulted in a field goal that gave Alabama an 11–10 lead with 3:23 to go. Tennessee drove the ball to the Alabama 3-yard-line in the final seconds but missed the field goal and Alabama won 11–10. The season was capped with a 34–7 beatdown of Nebraska in the Sugar Bowl.
Bama went undefeated and was two-time defending national champions, but did not win the national title in 1966. Instead voters rewarded Notre Dame after Fighting Irish coach Ara Parseghian, with his team tied 10–10 with Michigan State with 1:10 to go, chose to play for the tie rather than attempt to win the game. The Fighting Irish and Spartans both finished 9–0–1 and were ranked #1 and #2 in the polls, while Alabama finished third. Writer Keith Dunnavant suggests in his book about the 1966 season, "The Missing Ring", that the continuing segregation of the Alabama football team (the Crimson Tide did not integrate until Wilbur Jackson and John Mitchell made the 1971 team), as well as violent resistance by white Alabamians to the Civil Rights Movement, cost the Crimson Tide support with voters in 1966 and led to the third-place finish.
1967.
The latter portion of the 1960s saw Alabama football decline somewhat after its remarkable success from 1960 through 1966. In the very first game of the 1967 season, Alabama and Florida State fought to a 37–37 tie, snapping a 17-game winning streak. In one game Alabama surrendered as many points as it did in the entire 1966 regular season. After winning three in a row Alabama suffered a 24–13 loss to Tennessee in which Ken Stabler threw five interceptions. That loss cost Alabama the SEC title after Tennessee went undefeated in conference play.
The season finale against Auburn was played in "miserable and sloppy and nasty" conditions after rain started falling the night before and kept up during the game. Auburn was clinging to a 3–0 lead in the fourth quarter when quarterback Ken Stabler took the ball on a keeper, ran right, and slogged 53 yards through the mud for a touchdown that gave Alabama a memorable 7–3 victory. Bama finished the season 8–2–1 after losing 20–16 in the Cotton Bowl Classic to Texas A&M and coach Gene Stallings, who became head coach at Alabama 23 years later.
1968.
Alabama's 17–14 game over Southern Mississippi on Sept. 28 was the last game the Tide ever played in Ladd Stadium in Mobile. The season was marred by a 10–8 loss to Mississippi and a 10–9 loss to Tennessee that was decided when Alabama failed on a fourth-quarter two-point conversion. Bama won four in a row after the Tennessee loss, including its fifth consecutive win over Auburn, but suffered a 35–10 beating from Missouri in the Gator Bowl to finish the season 8–3.
1969.
In 1969 the defensive excellence that had been the hallmark of Alabama football for much of the 1960s was a thing of the past. Alabama gave up 268 points in 11 games (including the bowl game) and allowed four teams to score more than 30 points. Quarterback Scott Hunter threw for 484 yards against Auburn, a team record that still stands, but Alabama lost the game 49–26, snapping a five-game Iron Bowl win streak. The 49 points yielded to Auburn was, and as of 2012 still is, the most points given up by any Alabama defense in a regulation game since losing 54–4 to in 1907. (In 2004 Alabama lost 51–43 to Tennessee in a game that went five overtimes). 
The 41–14 loss to Tennessee was Bama's third loss in a row to the Volunteers. Vanderbilt beat Alabama for the first time in thirteen years. Alabama lost its third consecutive bowl game, this time to Colorado in the Liberty Bowl 47–33. The lone highlight of the season was a 33–32 victory over Mississippi in which the teams combined for 1,099 yards in total offense and four lead changes in the fourth quarter. It was the first ever college football game broadcast nationally in prime time.

</doc>
<doc id="20160523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160523" title="Andrew McKissock">
Andrew McKissock

Andrew Nelson McKissock (6 December 1873 – 17 July 1919) was an Australian politician. Born in Ballaarat, Victoria, he received a primary education before becoming an apprentice printer. He was an official with the Typographical Association before becoming President of the Ballaarat Trades and Labour Council. He also served as President of the Victoria-Riverina Australian Workers' Union. In 1908, he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Ballaarat West. He remained in the Assembly until 1911. In 1914, he was elected to the Australian Senate as a Labor Senator for Victoria. He held the seat until his defeat in 1917, after which he became a Labor Party organiser. McKissock died in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="20160525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160525" title="2008–09 Houston Cougars men's basketball team">
2008–09 Houston Cougars men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Houston Cougars men's basketball team, also known as the Houston Cougars, Houston, or UH, represented the University of Houston in the college basketball 2008–09 season. It was their 64th year of season play. The head coach for the Cougars was Tom Penders, who was serving in his 5th year in that position. The team played its home games at Hofheinz Pavilion on-campus in Houston, Texas. The Cougars played in the first game of the NCAA Division I season in the 2K Sports College Classic.
Pre-season.
The 2007–08 Cougars finished with a 24–10 record, and were invited to compete in the inaugural College Basketball Invitational (CBI). Houston defeated Nevada and Valparaiso, but was defeated in the semifinals by Conference USA rival Tulsa.
Schedule.
!colspan=7|2K Sports College Classic
!colspan=7|Regular season
!colspan=7|Conference USA Men's Basketball Tournament
!colspan=7|College Basketball Invitational

</doc>
<doc id="20160530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160530" title="1960 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1960 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1960 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1960 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 66th overall and 27th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bear Bryant, in his third year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished with a record of eight wins, one loss and two ties (8–1–2 overall, 5–1–1 in the SEC) and with a tie against Texas in the Bluebonnet Bowl.
After Alabama upset Georgia in week one, they entered the polls for the first time at the No. 5 position for their game against Tulane. However, they tied the Green Wave and dropped to No. 15 prior to their win over . The next week, Alabama was upset in Knoxville by Tennessee and as a result exited the polls. The Crimson Tide then proceeded to win all six of their regular season games that remained.
After a victories over on homecoming and on the road at , Alabama scored their most points in a game since the 1952 season when they defeated 51–0. After an unsuccessful bid to allow for a "sudden death" overtime period in the event of a tie in their game against , Alabama defeated both the Yellow Jackets in Atlanta and Tampa at home prior to their victory over Auburn in the Iron Bowl. The Crimson Tide then closed the season with a tie against Texas in the Bluebonnet Bowl.
Game notes.
Georgia.
To open the 1960 season, the Crimson Tide scored 21 second quarter points en route to a 21–6 upset over the Georgia Bulldogs at Legion Field. After a scoreless first quarter, touchdowns were scored on a three-yard run by Tommy White and on runs of one and nine-yards by Bobby Skelton that made the halftime score 21–0. Alabama never relinquished the lead, but Georgia ended the shutout bid late in the fourth quarter when Fran Tarkenton threw a three-yard touchdown pass to Dan Davis that made the final score 21–6. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 24–18–4.
Tulane.
After their upset victory over Georgia in their first game of the season, Alabama entered the polls for the first time of the season at the No. 5 position. In their first road game of the season, the Crimson Tide scored a touchdown in the final minute that prevented an upset by the Tulane Green Wave in this 6–6 tie at New Orleans. After a scoreless first quarter, Tulane took a 6–0 halftime lead after Tommy Mason scored on a three-yard touchdown run. Pat Trammell tied the game in the final minute with his four-yard touchdown run, but the game then ended in a tie after a failed extra point by the Crimson Tide. The tie brought Alabama's all-time record against Tulane to 18–10–3.
Vanderbilt.
After their tie against Tulane, Alabama dropped ten spots to the No. 15 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Vanderbilt. In their game against the Commodores, the Crimson Tide rallied to a 21–0 victory after being held scoreless in the first half. Billy Richardson scored the first points of the game with his one-yard touchdown run in the third quarter. Later in the quarter, Alabama's lead was extended further to 9–0 after Charles Binkley snapped the ball over the head of Russell Morris on a punt attempt and out of the endzone for a safety. The Crimson Tide then took the free kick that ensued 49-yards for a touchdown with the points made on a 36-yard Bobby Skelton touchdown pass to Norbie Ronsonet for a 15–0 lead. The last touchdown of the game came in the final minute of the fourth quarter when Bud Moore returned an interception 32-yards and made the final score 21–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 19–16–4.
Tennessee.
In their annual rivalry game against Tennessee, early turnovers proved costly for the Crimson Tide in this 20–7 loss to the Volunteers at Knoxville. Ray Abruzzese fumbled the first play of the game for Alabama to set up the Vols' first score on an eight-yard Bill Majors touchdown pass to Charles Wyrick. Later in the first quarter, Tennessee took a 14–0 lead after a Tommy White fumble was recovered by Cotton Letner and returned 41-yards for a touchdown. After a three-yard Glenn Glass touchdown early in the second quarter made the Volunteers' lead 20–0, Alabama responded with their only points of the game on a 13-yard Laurien Stapp touchdown pass to Leon Fuller that made the final margin 20–6. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 18–19–6. 
Houston.
A week after their first loss of the season at Tennessee, the Crimson Tide returned home and shutout the Houston Cougars 14–0 on homecoming in Tuscaloosa. Both Crimson Tide touchdowns were set up after Cougar turnovers gave them good field position. The first touchdown was set up after Lee Roy Jordan recovered a Charlie Rieves fumble at the Cougars' 31-yard line. Eight plays later Alabama led 7–0 after Laurien Stapp scored on a one-yard run. On the Houston drive that ensued, Billy Richardson intercepted a Don Sessions pass and returned it to the Cougars' 18-yard line. Four plays later Alabama scored what proved to be the final points of the game on a one-yard Richardson run. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Houston to 2–0. 
Mississippi State.
On homecoming in Starkville, Alabama scored their only touchdown in the first quarter and shutout the Mississippi State Maroons 7–0. The Crimson Tide scored the lone points of the game on their second offensive possession when Pat Trammell scored on an 18-yard touchdown run. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 32–10–3.
Furman.
Against the Furman Paladins, Alabama scored their most points in a game since the 1953 Orange Bowl in this 51–0 victory at Denny Stadium. After Bobby Skelton threw and eight-yard touchdown pass to Butch Wilson in the first, he followed it with a three-yard touchdown pass to Richard O’Dell in the second quarter. Pat Trammell then made the halftime score 21–0 with his one-yard run late in the half. After a one-yard Cotton Clark touchdown run extended the Alabama lead to 29–0 in the third, the Crimson Tide scored 22 fourth quarter points to win 51–0. Fourth quarter points were scored on a blocked punt for a safety, and touchdowns on a 62-yard Walter Cureton touchdown run, a 52-yard Laurien Stapp pass to Jerry Spruiell and a five-yard Stapp run. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Furman to 5–0.
Georgia Tech.
Behind a 24-yard game-winning Richard O’Dell field goal with only six seconds left in the game, the Crimson Tide upset the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets 16–15 at Grant Field. Tech dominated the first half and built a 15–0 halftime lead over Alabama. They scored on an eight-yard Jimmy Nail touchdown run, a 47-yard Thomas Wells field goal and on a three-yard Stanley Gann touchdown run. Alabama responded in the third quarter with a one-yard Leon Fuller touchdown run that cut the Jackets' lead to 15–6. The Crimson Tide then closed the game with a three-yard Bobby Skelton touchdown pass to Norbie Ronsonet and the 24-yard O'Dell field goal as time expired to win 16–15. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 21–18–3.
In the week that led into this game, Bear Bryant and Georgia Tech head coach Bobby Dodd agreed to make a request to then SEC commissioner Bernie Moore to allow for a "sudden death" overtime period in the event the game was tied at the end of regulation. At the time, it marked the first time that an overtime period was formally requested by college football teams. Ultimately, Moore denied the request and cited that as a conference he was unable to violate existing NCAA rules that specified only 60 minutes for football games.
Tampa.
After their upset over Georgia Tech, Alabama reentered the AP Poll at the No. 18 position in the week leading to their game against Tampa. In what was the first and only meeting against the Spartans, Alabama won 34–6 in the final Denny Stadium game of the season. The Crimson Tide took an 18–0 halftime lead after they scored three first half touchdowns. The first was on a one-yard Mike Fracchia run, the second on a one-yard Pat Trammell run and the third on a 30-yard Bobby Skelton pass to Bill Oliver. After a one-yard Laurien Stapp run in the third extended the Alabama lead to 26–0, Tampa scored their only points on a three-yard Ronnie Perez touchdown pass to Charles Truelock. The Crimson Tide then closed the game win a second, one-yard Trammell touchdown run and won 34–6.
Auburn.
As they entered their season finale against No. 8 Auburn, the Crimson Tide moved up one spot to the No. 17 position after their victory over Tampa. At Legion Field in the annual Iron Bowl game, Alabama shutout the Tigers for the second consecutive season, this time by a score of 3–0. The only points in this defensive struggle came in the second quarter on a 22-yard Tommy Brooker field goal. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 11–13–1.
Texas.
Immediately after their victory over Auburn in their season finale, Bryant accepted an invitation to play in the Bluebonnet Bowl against Texas. Against the Longhorns, each team only scored a single field goal in this 3–3 tie. Tommy Brooker connected on a 30-yard field goal for Alabama in the third and Dan Petty tied the game in the fourth for Texas with his 20-yard kick. The tie brought Alabama's all-time record against Texas to 0–4–1.
NFL/AFL Draft.
Several players that were varsity lettermen from the 1960 squad were drafted into the National Football League (NFL) and the American Football League (AFL) in the 1962 and 1963 drafts. These players included the following:
Freshmen squad.
Prior to the 1972 college football season, NCAA rules prohibited freshmen from participating on the varsity team, and as such many schools fielded freshmen teams. For the 1960 season, the Alabama freshmen squad was coached by Sam Bailey and finished their season with a record of two wins and one loss (2–1). In their first game of the season, Alabama was shutout by Tulane at New Orleans 19–0. Green Wave touchdowns were scored by Bill Hatchett on a one-yard run in the first and on a pair of fourth quarter scores that were set up by Crimson Tide turnovers. 
In their second game, the Crimson Tide defeated Mississippi State by a final score of 10–6 at Denny Stadium on a Monday. After a scoreless first quarter, State took a 6–0 lead in the second quarter on a 66-yard Wayne Gaines touchdown pass to Bobby Jones. Alabama responded later in the period with a 14-yard Hudson Harris touchdown run to take the lead and then added a 35-yard Tim Davis field goal in the third that made the final score 10–6. In the final freshmen game of the season, Alabama defeated Auburn 23–6 before 4,000 fans on a Monday at Denny Stadium. Alabama points were scored on a six-yard Dale Layton touchdown pass to Jerry Beard, a nine-yard Layton touchdown run, a 26-yard Larry Wall touchdown run and a 37-yard Tim Davis field goal. Auburn scored their only points in the fourth on a touchdown pass from Frank James to Reggie Allen, and in the loss, the Tigers fumbled the ball eight times with Alabama having recovered seven of them. 
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20160532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160532" title="Palace Revolt of 1912">
Palace Revolt of 1912

The Palace Revolt of 1912 (Thai: กบฏ ร.ศ. 130) was a failed uprising against the absolute monarchy of Siam. Discontentment from the Army during the reign of King Vajiravudh (or King Rama VI) led to an unsuccessful coup.
Background.
In 1909, a group of soldiers got in an argument over a woman with a group of Vajiravudh’s pages near the entrance of Vajiravudh's palace. At the time, Vajiravudh the Crown Prince and designated successor to King Chulalongkorn (King Rama V). Six soldiers were arrested, and Vajiravudh petitioned to Chulalongkorn for the soldiers to be caned. The practice of caning had recently been banned, and Chulalongkorn refused the petition. However, Vajiravudh threatened to resign as successor, and Chulalongkorn eventually consented to the caning. The incident caused much dissatisfaction within the Army.
Crown Prince Maha Vajiravudh succeeded his father as King of Siam on the 23 October 1910. Vajirabvudh set out in his coronation speech to modernize and westernize Siam in his role as its absolute monarch.
The new King spent lavishly on his coronation and lived a life of excess in a period when most of the Kingdom’s populace were rural farmers and feudal serfs. Infatuated with Western culture and practices and considering himself an Edwardian English gentleman, Vajiravudh spent his time translating Shakespeare into Thai, staging dramatic productions, hunting, and overseeing his Wild Tiger Corps.
Wild Tiger Corps.
On his coronation day Vajiravudh also established a new Military corps called the Wild Tiger Corps (Thai: กองเสือป่า) (RTGS: Kong Suea Pa). The Corps was meant to be an nationwide paramilitary corps, answerable only to the monarch. At first a ceremonial guard, it became a military force of 4,000 within its first year. Filled with commoners, the king would often share mess with them and socialize with them openly. The Corps eventually rivaled the army in strength and the civil service in influence. The King even went so far as appointing some into high ranks in the Army and Nobility. 
While the King socialized with members of the Corps, the regular army and aristocrats were deeply dissatisfied. They saw these new appointments as a threat to their hold over power. Despite massive spending on new Palaces and dramatic productions, the kingdom was in truth, deeply in debt and was in imminent threat of financial collapse.
The Revolt that never happened.
On the 13 January 1912 dissatisfied with his reign and with the absolutist regime (especially his favourism towards the Wild Tiger Corps), a group of 7 Army officers decided to overthrow the King, the group's membership eventually reached 91 Officers. The group were led by Army Captain Khun Thuayhanpitak (Thai: ร.อ.ขุนทวยหาญพิทักษ์), including some member from the King's own bodyguards. Other men were either members of the low ranks of the regular Army or their companions up in the north country far from the delights of Bangkok. Perhaps inspired by the successful overthrow of the Manchus and the Qing Dynasty in China that same year, they decided to move forward. Their plans were unclear and their goals were contradictory, some wanted to replace Vajiravudh with one of his many brothers, others wanted a constitutional monarchy and some in the extreme wing a republic.
On the 1 April 1912, on Thai New Year, the King was to preside over the merit making ceremony in public. Captain Yut Khongyu (Thai: ร.อ.ยุทธ คงอยู่) was selected (by lottery) by the plotters to assassinate the Monarch on that day. Filled with guilt he instead confessed all the plans and names of the conspirators to the commander of the King's bodyguards on the 27 February, who in turn told the existence of the plot to the King's brother Prince Chakrabongse Bhuvanath, The Prince of Phitsanulok. The plotters were discovered before they even moved and were quickly arrested and imprisoned. Under a Military Tribunal: 3 were sentenced to death, 20 received life imprisonment, 32 received twenty years, 6 received fifteen years and a further 30 for twelve years imprisonment. They were tried under attempted regicide, treason and attempted overthrow of the government.
The failed uprising was the first revolt against the House of Chakri from the outside of the nobility. Despite their actions most of the plotters were pardoned or have their sentences lessened by the King himself in 1924, these included the death sentences (the King had felt that no one has actually been hurt). However the lesson was not lost on Vajiravudh who, quickly stepped up vigilance against any such threats in the future.
Aftermath and Legacy.
The Wild Tiger Corps was disbanded soon after the Revolt. Vajiravudh reign until 1925, initiating many reforms with mixed success. Vajiravudh died of natural causes and was succeed by his brother Prajadhipok (or Rama VII). Prajadhipok inherited from Vajiravudh a massive fiscal deficit, made worse by the onset of the Great Depression. The absolute monarchy was eventually overthrown by the Revolution of 1932, the leaders of which openly confessed their inspiration from the actions of the 1912 plotters.

</doc>
<doc id="20160534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160534" title="1961 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1961 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1961 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1961 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 67th overall and 28th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bear Bryant, in his fourth year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham and Ladd Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished season undefeated with eleven wins (11–0 overall, 7–0 in the SEC), with a victory over Arkansas in the Sugar Bowl and as consensus national champions. The 1961 national championship was the first of the six that Bear Bryant would win as head coach of the Crimson Tide.
Alabama opened the season with a win over Georgia on the road in week one, and then defeated Tulane in their home game at Ladd Stadium in week two. After they won their second road game of the season at , Alabama returned to Tuscaloosa where they defeated in the first Denny Stadium game of the season. The next week, Alabama defeated Tennessee for the first time since the 1954 season in the first Legion Field game of the year.
The Crimson Tide then defeated in their final road game of the season and then returned home and defeated on homecoming in Tuscaloosa. The next week Alabama scored their most points in a game since the 1951 season when they defeated 66–0. They then closed the regular season with wins over and Auburn in the Iron Bowl and captured the national championship as awarded by the major wire services. The Crimson Tide then closed the season with a victory over Arkansas in the Sugar Bowl.
Game notes.
Georgia.
To open the 1961 season, the Crimson Tide defeated the Georgia Bulldogs 32–6 on the road at Athens. Alabama took a 10–0 halftime lead after Tim Davis connected on a 41-yard field goal in the first quarter and Mike Fracchia scored on a one-yard touchdown run in the second quarter. After a 37-yard Pat Trammell touchdown pass to Butch Wilson in the third, the Crimson Tide scored a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns that extended their lead to 32–0. Fracchia scored first on a two-yard run and was followed with a seven-yard Mal Moore touchdown pass to Red Wilkins. The Bulldogs then scored on a 12-yard Langdale Williams touchdown pass to Carlton Guthrie that ended Alabama's bid for a shutout and made the final score 32–6. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 25–18–4.
Tulane.
After their victory over Georgia in their season opener, Alabama dropped one position in the polls to the No. 4 position. At Mobile, the Crimson Tide shutout the Tulane Green Wave for the first time since the 1959 season in this 9–0 victory. Alabama scored their only touchdown in the first quarter on a 22-yard Pat Trammell pass to Tommy Brooker for a 6–0 lead. The Crimson Tide did not score again until a 25-yard Tim Davis field goal in the fourth quarter made the final score 9–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tulane to 19–10–3.
Vanderbilt.
After their victory over Tulane at Ladd Stadium, Alabama retained the No. 4 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Vanderbilt. Against the Commodores, the Crimson Tide won by a final score of 35–6 at Dudley Stadium in Nashville. Alabama took a 13–0 first quarter lead on touchdown runs of 66-yards by Mike Fracchia and eight-yards by Pat Trammell. Early in the second quarter, Trammell scored his second touchdown on a 16-yard run. This was followed with a 13-yard Henry Lesesne touchdown pass to Marion Starling for the Commodores and a one-yard Larry Wall touchdown run for Alabama that made the halftime score 28–6. Trammell then scored the final touchdown of the game in the third on a three-yard run that made the final score 35–6. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 20–16–4.
NC State.
After their victory over Vanderbilt, Alabama moved up one position in the polls to the No. 3 spot prior to their first Denny Stadium game of the season. In what was their first non-conference game of the season, Alabama defeated the NC State Wolfpack 26–7 in Tuscaloosa. After a scoreless first quarter, the Wolfpack scored their only points of the game on a one-yard Roman Gabriel touchdown run for a 7–0 lead. The Crimson Tide responded with 26 unanswered points and won the game 26–7. Alabama touchdowns were scored on Pat Trammell passes of 12-yards to Richard Williamson and two-yards to Bill Battle in the second and on runs of five-yards by Trammell and 45-yards by Eddie Versprille in the fourth quarter. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against NC State to 2–0.
Tennessee.
Prior to their game against Tennessee, Alabama dropped two positions in the polls to the No. 5 spot prior to their first Legion Field game of the season. Against the Volunteers, Alabama won 34–3, and the victory was both the first for Alabama over Tennessee since the 1954 season and the largest since their 51–0 win in 1906. After Tennessee took an early 3–0 lead on a 53-yard George Shuford field goal, Alabama responded with 34 unanswered points. The Crimson Tide scored first-quarter touchdowns on a five-yard Mike Fracchia run and a nine-yard Pat Trammell pass to Butch Wilson and a pair of Tim Davis field goals in the second quarter for a 20–3 halftime lead. They then closed the game with touchdown runs of eight-yards by Billy Richardson in the third and one-yard by Trammell in the fourth quarter. After their win, Alabama was formally extended an invitation to compete in the inaugural National Trophy Bowl at Washington, D.C., only to later decline the invitation. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 19–19–6. 
Houston.
After their victory over Tennessee, the Crimson Tide moved up into the No. 4 position in the polls prior to their road game at Houston. In the first night game of the year, Alabama defeated a tough Cougars squad 17–0 at Rice Stadium. After a scoreless first quarter, the Crimson Tide took a 10–0 halftime lead on a 33-yard Tim Davis field goal and a five-yard Pat Trammell touchdown pass to Bill Oliver in the second quarter. Trammell then made the final score 17–0 with his two-yard touchdown run in the third quarter. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Houston to 3–0. 
Mississippi State.
After their road shutout at Houston, Alabama returned to play Mississippi State in Tuscaloosa as the No. 4 ranked team for the second consecutive week. On what was homecoming in Denny Stadium, the Crimson Tide shutout the Bulldogs 24–0. Alabama took a 14–0 first quarter lead on touchdown runs of four-yards by Billy Richardson and one-yard by Pat Trammell, and after a 26-yard Tim Davis field goal in the second quarter led 17–0 at halftime. After a scoreless third quarter, the Crimson Tide closed the game with a one-yard Larry Wall touchdown run in the fourth quarter and made the final score 24–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 33–10–3.
Richmond.
Prior to their game against Richmond, the Crimson Tide moved into the No. 2 position in the weekly polls. In what was the only all-time meeting against the Spiders, Alabama won 66–0 and scored the most points in a game since their 89–0 win over Delta State in 1951. The Crimson Tide took a 34–0 halftime lead after first-quarter touchdown runs of one-yard by Pat Trammell and 30-yards by Larry Wall and second-quarter touchdowns on a four-yard Trammell pass to Richard Williamson and runs of 12 and one-yard by Wall. Alabama then closed the game with five second half touchdowns and won 66–0. Touchdowns were scored in the third quarter on a 66-yard Benny Nelson punt return and a 26-yard Jack Hurlbut pass to Red Wilkins and in the fourth quarter on runs of three-yards by Eddie Versprille, two-yards by Marlin Mooneyham and on a 28-yard Mal Moore pass to Jimmy Dill.
Georgia Tech.
For their game at Legion Field against Georgia Tech, the Crimson Tide remained in the No. 2 position in the national polls. Against the Yellow Jackets, Alabama won in a 10–0 shutout to move their record to nine wins and zero losses. After a scoreless first quarter, the Crimson Tide scored their only touchdown on a 16-yard Mike Fracchia run for a 7–0 lead. Tim Davis then made the final score 10–0 with his 32-yard field goal in the third quarter. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 22–18–3.
Auburn.
After their win over Tech combined with No. 1 Texas' loss to TCU, the Crimson Tide moved into the No. 1 position in the polls prior to their game against Auburn. Against the Tigers in the annual Iron Bowl game at Legion Field, Alabama shutout Auburn for the third consecutive season, this time by a score of 34–0 and completed an undefeated regular season. After Billy Richardson gave Alabama a 7–0 first quarter lead with his 11-yard touchdown run, they scored 17 second quarter points and took a 24–0 halftime lead. In the second, Pat Trammell scored on a one-yard run, Tim Davis connected on a 35-yard field goal and Trammell threw a 19-yard touchdown pass to Richard Williamson. Alabama then closed the game with a six-yard Richardson touchdown run in the third and a 34-yard field goal in the fourth to win 34–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 12–13–1.
Arkansas.
After the Crimson Tide was recognized as national champions by the major wire services, they defeated the Arkansas Razorbacks 10–3 in the 1962 edition of the Sugar Bowl in what was the first all-time meeting between the schools. The Crimson Tide took a 10–0 halftime lead after they scored on a 12-yard Pat Trammell touchdown run in the first quarter and on a 32-yard Tim Davis field goal in the second quarter. Although held scoreless in the second half, the Razorbacks only managed to score a 23-yard Mickey Cissell field goal in the third quarter that made the final score 10–3 in favor of Alabama.
Awards.
After the season, Alabama had several players recognized individually for their on-field performances. Billy Neighbors was a unanimous selection to the 1961 College Football All-America Team at the tackle position. Second Team All-America selections included Lee Roy Jordan at center and Pat Trammell at quarterback. Additionally, Alabama had four players selected to the All-SEC First Team: Mike Fracchia at back, Jordan, Neighbors and Trammell. Trammell was also selected as the SEC Most Valuable Player for the 1961 season and Neighbors won the Jacobs Blocking Trophy. In having led his team to both the SEC and national championships, Bear Bryant was recognized as the AP, UPI and coaches' SEC Coach of the Year.
NFL/AFL Draft.
Several players that were varsity lettermen from the 1961 squad were drafted into the National Football League (NFL) and the American Football League (AFL) between the 1962 and 1965 drafts. These players included the following:
Freshman squad.
Prior to the 1972 college football season, NCAA rules prohibited freshmen from participating on the varsity team, and as such many schools fielded freshmen teams. For the 1961 season, the Alabama freshmen squad was coached by Sam Bailey and finished their season with a record of two wins and one tie (2–0–1). The 1961 freshman squad was noted for its being led by Joe Namath at quarterback after he chose to attend Alabama after he received more than 50 athletic scholarship offers from other schools.
In their first game of the season, Alabama came from behind and defeated Mississippi State 20–14 before 3,500 fans at Denny Stadium. After the Bulldogs took a 7–0 first quarter lead on a six-yard Ray Reed pass to Tommy Inman, Alabama tied the game 7–7 on an eight-yard Namath touchdown run early in the second. The Crimson Tide then took a 13–7 halftime lead on a nine-yard Namath pass to Creed Gilmer late in the second. State retook a 14–13 lead in the third on an eight-yard Reed to Inman pass, but Alabama scored the game winning touchdown on a 36-yard Ron McKinney run that made the final score 20–13.
In their second game, the Baby Tide defeated Tulane 32–6 at Denny Stadium in a game they scored touchdowns in all four quarters. After the Green Wave scored their only points on the first play of the game when Leon Verriere recovered the fumbled kickoff in the end zone for a touchdown, Alabama responded on the next drive and tied the game 6–6 after Namath threw an 11-yard touchdown pass to Ray Ogden. The Crimson Tide then took a 12–6 lead in the second quarter on a 26-yard Tommy Tolleson double reverse. Alabama then closed the game with a pair of Namath touchdown runs and a touchdown pass to Creed Gilmer in the second half that made the final score 32–6. 
In their final game of the season, Alabama tied the Auburn freshman team 7–7 before 7,000 fans in the rain at Cliff Hare Stadium. Both touchdowns came in the first quarter. Alabama took a 7–0 lead when Namath threw a 46-yard touchdown pass to Creed Gilmer, and Auburn tied the game 7–7 on the kickoff that ensued after Tucker Frederickson returned it 92-yards for a touchdown.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20160537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160537" title="1962 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1962 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1962 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1962 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 68th overall and 29th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bear Bryant, in his fifth year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished season with ten wins and one loss (10–1 overall, 6–1 in the SEC) and with a victory over Oklahoma in the Orange Bowl.
The Crimson Tide opened the season with a win over Georgia at Tuscaloosa in week one, and then defeated Tulane in their first road game at New Orleans in week two. Alabama then defeated in the first Legion Field game of the season and back at Denny Stadium before they defeated Tennessee at Neyland Stadium.
The Crimson Tide then defeated , and then Miami on homecoming in Tuscaloosa that extended their winning streak to 19-games and their unbeaten streak to 26-games. The next week Alabama lost their first game since the 1960 season when they were upset 7–6 by at Atlanta. They rebounded with wins over Auburn in the Iron Bowl that closed the regular season and against Oklahoma in the Orange Bowl.
Game notes.
Georgia.
To open the 1962 season, the Crimson Tide shutout the Georgia Bulldogs 35–0 in what was the first start for quarterback Joe Namath with the Crimson Tide varsity squad. Alabama scored their first points of the season in the opening four minutes of the game when Namath threw a 52-yard touchdown pass to Richard Williamson. They then extended their lead to 9–0 late in the quarter when Jake Saye was tackled for a safety by Larry Morten on a failed punt attempt. Namath further extended the Crimson Tide lead to 21–0 in the third quarter before he was sat by Coach Bryant late in the third. He threw a pair of touchdown passes to Cotton Clark, in the second on a ten-yard pass and in the third on a 12-yard pass. Alabama then closed the game with fourth-quarter touchdown runs of four-yards by Clark and 25-yards by Hudson Harris that made the final score 35–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 26–18–4.
Tulane.
After their victory over Georgia to open the season, Alabama up two spots in the AP Poll to the No. 1 position. On a Friday evening at New Orleans, the Crimson Tide defeated the Tulane Green Wave 44–6 in their first road game of the season. Alabama took a 14–0 first quarter lead on Butch Wilson runs of seven and one-yard before Tulane scored their lone points on a six-yard Wilson Miller touchdown pass to Clement Dellenger that made the score 14–6 early in the second quarter. The Green Wave touchdown was the first allowed by the Crimson Tide defense over a period that spanned 35 quarters back to their win over NC State in 1961.
The Crimson Tide responded with 22 second quarter points and took a 36–6 halftime lead. Cotton Clark scored first on an 11-yard run, Joe Namath second on a one-yard run and then Clark scored again on a 23-yard pass from Namath. After a scoreless third, Namath threw a two-yard touchdown pass to Clark in the fourth and made the final score 44–6. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tulane to 20–10–3.
Vanderbilt.
Although they defeated Tulane on the road, Alabama dropped from the No. 1 to No. 2 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Vanderbilt. In the first Legion Field game of the season, the Crimson Tide defeated the Commodores 17–7 at Birmingham. Vanderbilt scored their first points of the 1962 season when Terrell Dye recovered a Cotton Clark fumbled punt in the endzone for a 7–0 lead. Alabama responded on the drive that ensued with a 19-yard Joe Namath touchdown pass to Butch Henry and tied the game 7–7. The Crimson Tide then took a 14–7 lead early in the third quarter after Namath threw a 34-yard touchdown pass to Richard Williamson. A 20-yard Tim Davis field goal in the fourth quarter then made the final score 17–7. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 21–16–4.
Houston.
With their victory over Vanderbilt, coupled with an Ohio State loss to , the Crimson Tide moved back into the No. 1 position in the polls prior to their game against Houston. Against the Cougars, the Alabama defense was dominant and allowed minus 49 yards rushing in this 14–3 victory at Denny Stadium. Houston took an early 3–0 lead after a Gene Ritch interception set up a 30-yard Bill McMillan field goal in the first quarter. The Crimson Tide responded in the second quarter and took a 7–3 halftime lead when Lee Roy Jordan recovered a Cougars' fumble in the endzone for a touchdown. Cotton Clark then provided the final points of the game with his three-yard touchdown run in the third quarter that made the final score 14–3. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Houston to 4–0. 
Tennessee.
Alabama dropped from the No. 1 position back into the No. 2 spot in the week leading into their game at Tennessee. Against the Volunteers, Alabama won 27–7 for Coach Bryant's first all-time victory at Neyland Stadium. The Crimson Tide took a 12–0 halftime lead after Tim Davis converted a pair of field goals in the first and Joe Namath threw a 35-yard touchdown pass to Benny Nelson in the second quarter. The Vols responded in the third quarter with a six-yard Bobby Morton touchdown pass to Jerry Ensley that cut the Alabama lead to 12–7. However, the Crimson Tide closed the game with a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns. The first touchdown came on a three-yard Cotton Clark run and the second on a 20-yard Jack Hurlbut pass to Benny Nelson and made the final score 27–7. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 20–19–6. 
Tulsa.
As they entered their game against Tulsa, the Crimson Tide retained the No. 2 spot in the polls behind Texas. In their non-conference matchup against the Golden Hurricane, Alabama only allowed Tulsa to cross midfield once in the first half en route to a 35–6 victory. Richard Williamson opened the game with a recovered Tulsa fumble on the first offensive play of the game, and four plays later Alabama led 7–0 on a one-yard Joe Namath touchdown run. After a second, one-yard Namath touchdown run, Cotton Clark made what was then the third longest touchdown score in Alabama history with his 91-yard run that made the halftime score 21–0. The Crimson Tide extended their lead further to 35–0 in the fourth quarter with touchdown runs of two-yards by Clark and eight-yards by Gary Martin. However, the shutout bid ended late in the fourth after the Golden Hurricane scored their only points on a one-yard Jerry Swanson touchdown run that made the final score 35–6. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tulsa to 3–0.
Mississippi State.
After their victory over Tulsa, Alabama retained their No. 2 ranking as they prepared to play Mississippi State. On homecoming at Starkville, the Crimson Tide shutout the Bulldogs 20–0. Alabama took an early lead when Cotton Clark scored on a four-yard touchdown run in the first quarter for a 7–0 lead. Joe Namath was then responsible for the final pair of touchdowns on passes of 27 and three-yards to Bill Battle in the second and third quarters for the 20–0 victory. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 34–10–3.
Miami.
Although they shutout Mississippi State one the road, Alabama dropped into the No. 3 ranking as they prepared to play Miami. On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, Alabama trailed the Hurricanes 3–0 at halftime but rallied with 36 unanswered points in the second half for the 36–3 victory. The first half was dominated by both defenses with the only points scored by Miami in the second quarter on a 40-yard Bob Wilson field goal. The Crimson Tide then scored three third-quarter touchdowns and took a 23–3 lead into the fourth quarter. Points were scored by Cotton Clark on runs of one and six-yards and on a 12-yard Joe Namath pass to Bill Battle. A pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns on one-yard runs by Namath and Jack Hurlbut made the finals score 36–3. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Miami to 4–2.
Georgia Tech.
For their game at Grant Field against Georgia Tech, the Crimson Tide moved back into the No. 1 position in the national polls. In the game, the Yellow Jackets ended Alabama's 19-game winning and 26-game unbeaten streak that dated back to the Crimson Tide's 1960 season, with their 7–6 upset in Atlanta. After a scoreless first quarter, Georgia Tech scored their only touchdown on a nine-yard Patrick McNames run for a 7–0 lead. The Yellow Jackets continued to hold the Crimson Tide scoreless until the fourth quarter when Cotton Clark scored on a two-yard run. However instead of playing for the tie with an extra point attempt, Bryant decided to go for a two-point conversion that failed and resulted in the eventual 7–6 Tech win. In defeat, Joe Namath threw four interceptions. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 22–19–3.
Auburn.
After their loss against Georgia Tech, Alabama dropped to No. 6 in the AP Poll, but in the week prior to their game against Auburn, they moved into the No. 5 position. Against the Tigers in the annual Iron Bowl game at Legion Field, Alabama shutout Auburn for the fourth consecutive season, this time by a score of 38–0. On the first offensive play of the game, Alabama took a 7–0 lead when George Wilson scored on a 92-yard touchdown run. They then extended their lead to 21–0 at halftime after touchdowns were scored on a 17-yard Joe Namath run and when Bill Battle recovered a blocked punt in the endzone in the second quarter. The Crimson Tide then closed the game with 17 second half points and won 38–0. Points were scored in the third on a 15-yard Namath touchdown pass to Cotton Clark and on a 39-yard Tim Davis field goal in the third and on a 16-yard Namath pass to Richard Williamson in the fourth quarter. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 13–13–1.
Oklahoma.
After their victory over Auburn, the Crimson Tide formally accepted an invitation to play Big Eight Conference champion Oklahoma in the 1963 edition of the Orange Bowl. In what was the first all-time meeting between the schools, Alabama shutout the Sooners 17–0 behind a dominant performance by linebacker Lee Roy Jordan who set a school bowl record with his 31 tackles. Alabama took a 14–0 halftime lead after touchdowns were scored on a 25-yard Joe Namath pass to Richard Williamson in the first and on a 15-yard Cotton Clark run in the second quarter. A 19-yard Tim Davis field goal in the third quarter provided for the final 17–0 margin of victory. 
NFL/AFL Draft.
Several players that were varsity lettermen from the 1962 squad were drafted into the National Football League (NFL) and the American Football League (AFL) between the 1963 and 1965 drafts. These players included the following:
Freshman squad.
Prior to the 1972 college football season, NCAA rules prohibited freshmen from participating on the varsity team, and as such many schools fielded freshmen teams. For the 1962 season, the Alabama freshmen squad was coached by Sam Bailey and finished their season with a record of two wins and one loss (2–1). In their first game of the season, Alabama defeated Mississippi State 20–2 at Denny Stadium. Alabama took a 6–0 first quarter lead on a one-yard Dickie Bean touchdown run that was set up by a 69-yard Vernon Newbill interception return. They extended their lead further to 13–0 later in the quarter when Steve Sloan scored on a 28-yard touchdown run. State then scored their only points in the second quarter when Mike Childs sacked Sloan in the endzone for a safety that made the halftime score 13–2. After a scoreless third, Alabama made the final score 20–2 after Jimmy Mitchell scored on a seven-yard touchdown run.
In their second game, the Baby Tide defeated Tulane 27–16 at Tulane Stadium, but then lost to Auburn in their season finale at Denny Stadium 14–13. Alabama took an early 7–0 lead when Dickie Bean scored on a one-yard touchdown run. Auburn then responded and took a 14–7 halftime lead with a pair of second-quarter touchdowns. The first came on a 96-yard Gerald Gross kickoff return and the second on a 62-yard Joe Campbell pass to Gross. Late in the fourth, Alabama scored on a 27-yard Steve Sloan touchdown pass to Jerry Duncan; however, Sloan's two-point conversion attempt was intercepted by Bill Cody and the Tigers won 14–13.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20160538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160538" title="Spruce-pine-fir">
Spruce-pine-fir

Part of a larger group of tree species known as softwoods, in the wood industry, Spruce-pine-fir refers to Canadian woods of similar characteristics that have been grouped for production and marketing. Mainly used to make dimensional lumber for home building and panel (such as plywood and oriented strand board ), the SPF species have moderate strength, are worked easily, take paint readily, and hold nails well. They are white to pale yellow in color. There are two types of SPF woods:
The Lodgepole Pine forests of British Columbia, particularly in the Interior are currently suffering from a massive infestation of the Mountain Pine Beetle.
Western SPF is the primary deliverable species of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange lumber contract.
In many cases SPF is used in contrast to other species of wood used for different purposes, such as Southern Yellow Pine (SYP) or poplar.

</doc>
<doc id="20160540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160540" title="1963 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1963 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1963 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1963 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 69th overall and 30th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bear Bryant, in his sixth year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham and Ladd Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished season with nine wins and two losses (9–2 overall, 6–2 in the SEC) and with a victory over in the Sugar Bowl.
The Crimson Tide opened the season with wins at Georgia, against Tulane in Mobile and at en route to a 3–0 start. However, in their fourth game, Alabama was upset by Florida in what was coach Bryant's first loss at Denny Stadium as head coach. They rebounded the week that followed with a shutout victory over Tennessee and then won their next three games against , and .
In the annual Iron Bowl against Auburn, the Crimson Tide were defeated for the first time by the Tigers since the 1958 season. Although they lost, immediately after the game Alabama accepted an invitation to play in the Sugar Bowl. Before the bowl, the Crimson Tide defeated in their final game of the regular season. They then closed the season with a victory over Ole Miss in the Sugar Bowl.
Game notes.
Georgia.
To open the 1963 season, the Crimson Tide defeated the Georgia Bulldogs 32–7 on the road at Athens. The lone Georgia touchdown was set up in the first quarter when Ken Davis recovered a Joe Namath fumble at the Alabama 26-yard line. Seven plays later, Georgia led 7–0 after Fred Barber scored on a three-yard run. The Crimson Tide tied the game later in the quarter on a 47-yard Namath touchdown pass to Charles Stephens and then took a 10–7 halftime lead when Tim Davis connected on a 38-yard field goal in the second quarter. Mike Fracchia then scored the next pair of Alabama touchdowns on runs of five and one-yard before Preston Ridlehuber was tackled for a safety in the fourth quarter. A 41-yard Jack Hurlbut touchdown pass to Jimmy Dill late in the fourth made the final score 32–7. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 27–18–4.
Tulane.
After their victory over Georgia to open the season, Alabama up one spot in the AP Poll to the No. 2 position. At Mobile, the Crimson Tide shutout the Tulane Green Wave 28–0 in their annual Ladd Stadium game of the season. Alabama took a 7–0 lead in the first quarter after Joe Namath scored on a one-yard touchdown run. The extended their lead to 21–0 at halftime after Benny Nelson scored on a 33-yard run and by Billy Piper on a 51-yard interception return. A 20-yard Hudson Harris touchdown run in the third quarter provided for the final margin in this 28–0 Crimson Tide win. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tulane to 21–10–3.
Vanderbilt.
After their victory over Tulane, Alabama retained its No. 2 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Vanderbilt. At Nashville, the Crimson Tide defeated the Commodores 21–6 in a game that saw Benny Nelson score twice on long touchdown runs for Alabama. Midway through the first quarter, Nelson gave the Crimson Tide a 7–0 lead with his 50-yard touchdown run. Vanderbilt responded in the second quarter with a 25-yard Jon Cleveland touchdown pass to Toby Wilt; however the extra point was blocked and Alabama retained a 7–6 lead. Mike Fracchia then scored on a one-yard touchdown run that made the halftime score 14–6. Nelson then scored the final points of the game with his 97-yard kickoff return in the third quarter that made the final score 21–6. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 22–16–4.
Florida.
After their closer than expected victory over Vanderbilt, Alabama dropped from the No. 2 to the No. 3 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Florida. In what was the first Tuscaloosa game of the season, the 17-point favorite Crimson Tide were upset by the Gators 10–6 in what was also coach Bryant's first loss as head coach at Denny Stadium. Bob Lyle gave the Gators an early 3–0 lead with his 42-yard field goal in the first quarter. The Alabama defense then produced a pair of goal line stands in the first half that resulted in a 3–0 Florida lead at halftime. After a scoreless third, Florida took a 10–0 lead in the fourth when Dick Kirk scored on a 42-yard touchdown run. With just over 2:00 left in the game, Joe Namath scored on a one-yard run to end the shutout bid, but Alabama still lost 10–6. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Florida to 8–5.
Tennessee.
Alabama dropped from the No. 3 position back into the No. 9 spot in the week leading into their game at Tennessee after their upset loss against Florida. Against the Volunteers, Alabama shutout Tennessee 35–0 in the first Legion Field game of the season. The Crimson Tide took a 7–0 lead in the first quarter after Benny Nelson scored on a 36-yard touchdown run. Joe Namath then was responsible for the remaining four touchdowns scored on the afternoon. He first threw a 26-yard scoring pass to Jimmy Dill late in the first and then threw a three-yard pass to Charles Stephens in the second that gave Alabama a 21–0 halftime lead. In the third, Namath threw his third touchdown pass to Hudson Harris from five-yards out then scored himself on a one-yard run that made the final score 35–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 21–19–6. 
Houston.
As a result of their shutout win over Tennessee, the Crimson Tide moved into the No. 6 position in the AP poll prior to their game against Houston. Against a winless Cougars squad, Alabama struggled to a 21–13 victory at Denny Stadium. After a seven-yard Joe Namath touchdown pass to Benny Nelson gave the Crimson Tide a 7–0 lead in the first, a 41-yard Jack Skrog touchdown pass to Mike Spratt in the second for Houston tied the game 7–7 at halftime. The Crimson Tide retook the lead in the third on a 35-yard Nelson touchdown run and extended it to 21–7 on a 12-yard Namath touchdown pass to Ray Ogden early in the fourth. The Cougars then cut the lead to 21–13 after Spratt scored on a 75-yard touchdown run, but were unable to complete the comeback in the loss. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Houston to 5–0. 
Mississippi State.
Although they did defeat Houston in their previous contest, Alabama dropped into the No. 7 ranking as they prepared to play Mississippi State. On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, the Crimson Tide scored a game-winning touchdown in the final four minutes of the game and defeated the Bulldogs 20–19. After Alabama took an early 3–0 lead on a 43-yard Tim Davis field goal in the first, State responded and took a 12–3 lead in the second quarter. The Bulldogs scored touchdowns on a one-yard Dan Bland run and on a 45-yard Larry Swearengen interception return of a Joe Namath pass. Alabama responded later in the quarter with a 40-yard Namath touchdown pass to Jimmy Dill and a 31-yard Davis field goal and took a 13–12 halftime lead. After a four-yard Swearengen run gave the Bulldogs a 19–13 lead in the third quarter, Namath scored the game tying touchdown in the fourth quarter with just over four minutes left in the game. The Davis extra point that ensued provided for the final margin in Alabama's 20–19 win. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 35–10–3.
Georgia Tech.
Coming off their bye week prior to their game against Georgia Tech, the Crimson Tide retained the No. 7 position in the AP poll. Behind strong performances on both sides of the ball, Alabama defeated the Yellow Jackets 27–11 at Legion Field. The Crimson Tide scored first on a 44-yard Ray Ogden touchdown run for a 7–0 first quarter lead. In the second, Tech scored on a 41-yard Billy Lothridge field goal and Alabama scored on a one-yard Benny Nelson touchdown run that made the halftime score 14–3. The Jackets responded with a two-yard Lothridge touchdown run in the third that cut the Crimson Tide lead to 14–11. Alabama then closed the game with fourth-quarter touchdowns scored on runs of six-yards by Nelson and one-yard by Joe Namath. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 23–19–3.
Auburn.
In the week prior to their game against Auburn, Alabama moved into the No. 6 position in the AP poll and the Tigers were in the No. 9 position. In the annual Iron Bowl game, Alabama was defeated by the Tigers for the first time since the 1958 season in this 10–8 loss at Legion Field. Auburn scored first on a 32-yard Woody Woodall field goal in the first quarter and maintained their 3–0 lead through halftime. The Tigers then extended their lead to 10–0 in the third quarter when Mailon Kent thew an eight-yard touchdown pass to Tucker Frederickson. Benny Nelson then scored the only Alabama touchdown later in the quarter on an 80-yard run that made the final score 10–8. Although they lost, after the game the Crimson Tide officially accepted an invitation to play in the Sugar Bowl against . The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 13–14–1.
Miami.
This game against the Miami was originally scheduled to be played on Friday, October 18, but was subsequently moved to December 7 in order to be televised on CBS. Due to the assassination of John F. Kennedy, the annual Army–Navy Game was pushed back to December 7. As such, CBS requested the Miami-Alabama game be postponed to December 14 in order to avoid conflict that would result from televising both games on the same day. The rescheduling of this game also pushed back the start of the annual Orange Blossom Classic from the afternoon to evening of December 14.
After their loss against Auburn, Alabama dropped into the No. 8 position in the final AP poll of the 1963 season. In the week that led to their game at Miami, coach Bryant suspended starting quarterback Joe Namath for both this game and the Sugar Bowl as he violated team rules. On homecoming at the Orange Bowl, Alabama survived a late Miami rally and defeated the Hurricanes 17–12. 
The Crimson Tide took a 14–0 first quarter lead after touchdowns were scored by Gary Martin on a 100-yard kickoff return and by Benny Nelson on a one-yard Benny Nelson run. A 35-yard Tim Davis field goal in the second quarter made the halftime score 17–0 in favor of the Crimson Tide. The score remained unchanged until Miami rallied with a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns that made the final score 17–12. The first came on a nine-yard George Mira pass to Nick Spinelli and the second on a one-yard Pete Banaszak run. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Miami to 5–2.
Ole Miss.
After their loss in the Iron Bowl on November 30, Alabama officially accepted an invitation to play the SEC champion Ole Miss Rebels for the first time since the 1944 season in a Sugar Bowl that featured a pair of SEC teams. As each team entered the game, Mississippi finished in the No. 7 position and Alabama in the No. 8 position in the final AP poll of the season. With starting quarterback Joe Namath still suspended, the Crimson Tide offense struggled, but four Tim Davis field goals proved to be enough for Alabama to win 12–7 over the Rebels. 
Davis gave the Crimson Tide a 12–0 lead as then entered the fourth quarter after connecting from 31-yards in the first, 46 and 22-yards in the second and 48-yards in the third quarter. Ole Miss responded in the fourth quarter with their only points on a five-yard Perry Lee Dunn touchdown pass to Larry Smith that made the final score 12–7. For his four field goal performance, Davis was named the Sugar Bowl MVP. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Ole Miss 17–3–2.
NFL/AFL Draft.
Several players that were varsity lettermen from the 1962 squad were drafted into the National Football League (NFL) and the American Football League (AFL) between the 1963 and 1965 drafts. These players included the following:
Freshman squad.
Prior to the 1972 college football season, NCAA rules prohibited freshmen from participating on the varsity team, and as such many schools fielded freshmen teams. For the 1963 season, the Alabama freshmen squad was coached by Sam Bailey and finished their season with a record of three wins and one loss (3–1). After a 10–6 loss to Mississippi State to open the season, Alabama rebounded with a 3–0 victory over Tulane at Denny Stadium. Dudley Kerr scored the Tide's only points with his 29-yard field goal in the second quarter.
In their third game, the Baby Tide defeated Auburn 21–14 at Cliff Hare Stadium. Alabama took an early 6–0 lead when Wayne Trimble threw a 10-yard touchdown pass to Kent Busbee in the first quarter. They extended it to 21–0 with second-quarter touchdowns scored by John Mosely on a pair of one-yard runs. Auburn responded with a 21-yard Tom Bryan touchdown run that made the halftime score 21–7. After a scoreless third, the Tigers made the final score 21–14 after Bryan threw a 21-yard touchdown pass to Scotty Long.
Alabama then closed the season with a 17–16 victory over a previously undefeated Ole Miss freshmen team in Tuscaloosa. The Rebels' scored on their opening possession on an 18-yard Joe Graves touchdown pass to James McCraney for a 7–0 lead. After a 41-yard Jimmy Keys field goal late in the second extended the Ole Miss lead to 10–0, Graves threw a 13-yard touchdown pass to McCraney with only 0:04 remaining in the first half for a 16–0 halftime lead. Alabama rallied in the third quarter with a pair of touchdowns that cut the Rebels' lead to 16–14. The first came when Louis Thompson recovered a Graves fumble in the endzone and the second on a 48-yard Wayne Trimble pass to Kent Busbee. A game-winning, 36-yard Dudley Kerr field goal late in the fourth quarter made the final score 17–16.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20160544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160544" title="1964 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1964 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1964 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1964 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 70th overall and 31st season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bear Bryant, in his seventh year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham and Ladd Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished season with ten wins and one loss (10–1 overall, 8–0 in the SEC), as SEC champions and with a loss to Texas in the Orange Bowl. As the major wire services at that time awarded their national champions prior to the start of bowl season, Alabama was also recognized as national champions by the AP and UPI before their loss to Texas.
The Crimson Tide opened the season ranked in the No. 6 position with wins at Tuscaloosa against Georgia, against Tulane in Mobile and at Birmingham against . After a victory over in their first non-conference game of the season, Alabama defeated Tennessee in their first road game of the season at Neyland Stadium. The Crimson Tide then returned to Tuscaloosa where they defeated a Steve Spurrier-led Florida team on homecoming before their second road victory at at Jackson.
Alabama then defeated in a newly expanded Legion Field and captured the SEC championship, and the next week defeated in what was the final game of their annual series. In the annual Iron Bowl against Auburn, the Crimson Tide completed an undefeated regular season with their victory and accepted a bid to play Texas in the Orange Bowl. Although recognized as national champions at the conclusion of the regular season, Alabama closed the season with a loss to the Texas Longhorns in the Orange Bowl.
After the season, Joe Namath was selected as the first overall pick by the New York Jets in the 1965 AFL Draft. In addition to Namath, eleven other lettermen from the 1964 squad were drafted into the National Football League.
Game notes.
Georgia.
To open the 1964 season, the Crimson Tide defeated Georgia 31–3 in what was the first game for Vince Dooley as head coach of the Bulldogs. After the Crimson Tide took a 7–0 lead on a five-yard Hudson Harris touchdown run in the first quarter, Georgia scored their only points early in the second on a 26-yard Robert Etter field goal. Alabama responded with the first of three Joe Namath touchdown runs from eight-yards out that gave the Crimson Tide a 14–3 halftime lead. Alabama closed the game with a 27-yard David Ray field goal and Namath touchdown runs of one and five-yards for the 31–3 victory. In the game, Namath completed 16 of 21 passes for 167 yards, ran for 55 yards, and scored three touchdowns. The 16 completions tied a school record with Harry Gilmer set during the 1946 season, and for his performance Namath was recognized as the AP's Back of the Week. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 28–18–4.
Tulane.
At Mobile, the Crimson Tide defeated the Tulane Green Wave 36–6 in their annual Ladd Stadium game of the season. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama took a 10–0 halftime lead after David Ray connected on a 22-yard field goal and Joe Namath scored on a one-yard touchdown run. Ray extended the Crimson Tide lead to 20–0 with his 33-yard field goal and 33-yard touchdown reception from Namath in the third quarter. In the fourth, Frank Canterbury scored on a five-yard touchdown run, and Tulane responded with their only points of the game on an eight-yard David East touchdown pass to Lanis O'Steen. Alabama then closed the game with a one-yard Namath run that made the final score 36–6. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tulane to 22–10–3.
Vanderbilt.
After their victory over Tulane, Alabama moved into the No. 4 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Vanderbilt. In the first Legion Field game of the season, the Crimson Tide shutout the Commodores 24–0 at Birmingham. After a scoreless first half, Alabama took a 14–0 third quarter lead on a two-yard Joe Namath touchdown pass to Hudson Harris and on a 15-yard Namath run. They then closed the game with a nine-yard Namath touchdown pass to Tommy Tolleson and a 28-yard David Ray field goal in the fourth quarter that made the final score 24–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 23–16–4.
NC State.
After their victory over Vanderbilt, Alabama moved up one position in the polls to the No. 3 spot prior to their first non-conference game of the season. In a game that saw starting quarterback Joe Namath injured in the second quarter, backup Steve Sloan rallied the Crimson Tide to a 21–0 victory over the NC State Wolfpack in Tuscaloosa. After a scoreless first quarter, Namath twisted his knee with just over 6:00 remaining in the half. Sloan entered the game and led Alabama on a 69-yard drive that culminated with his one-yard touchdown run to give Alabama a 7–0 halftime lead. The Crimson Tide then closed the game with a three-yard Steve Bowman touchdown run in the third and a 10-yard Sloan touchdown pass to Tommy Tolleson in the fourth that made the final score 21–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against NC State to 3–0.
Tennessee.
In what was their first road game of the 1964 season, Alabama defeated the rival Tennessee Volunteers 19–8 at Neyland Stadium. David Ray gave the Crimson Tide an early 3–0 lead after he connected on a 30-yard field goal in the first quarter. Alabama then extended their lead to 16–0 at halftime with a pair of second-quarter touchdowns. The first came on a one-yard Steve Sloan run and the second after Wayne Cook blocked a Tennessee punt that Gaylon McCollough returned 22-yards for a touchdown. The Volunteers cut the Tide's lead in half to 16–8 with a seven-yard Hal Wantland touchdown run and two-point conversion in the third quarter. A 23-yard Ray field goal in the fourth quarter provided for the final 19–8 margin in the Alabama victory. Tom Fisher starred defensively for Tennessee with a blocked field goal, a blocked punt and an interception of a Sloan pass in defeat. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 22–19–6. 
Florida.
As they entered their 1964 homecoming game against Florida, Alabama was ranked No. 3 and Florida No. 9 in the AP Poll. Against the Gators, Alabama rallied for a 17–14 comeback victory after they scored ten unanswered points in the fourth quarter. After a scoreless first quarter, Florida took a 7–0 second quarter lead when Steve Spurrier threw a nine-yard touchdown pass to Randy Jackson. Alabama responded with a one-yard Steve Bowman touchdown run later in the quarter that tied the game 7–7 at halftime. In the third, the Gators retook the lead with a three-yard John Feiber touchdown run before the Crimson Tide started their fourth quarter rally. In the final period, a 30-yard Bowman touchdown run tied the game and a 21-yard David Ray field goal with just 3:06 left in the game. Spurrier then led the Gators on a drive that stalled at the Tide's seven-yard line where James Hall missed a field goal to tie the game and preserved the 17–14 Alabama win. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Florida to 9–5.
Mississippi State.
At the Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium, a near sellout crowd saw David Ray connect on three field goals and Steve Bowman score on a pair of touchdown runs in this 23–6 win over the Mississippi State Bulldogs. The Bulldogs took an early 6–0 lead after a seven-yard Price Hodges touchdown run capped a 64-yard opening drive for Mississippi State. Ray field goals of 34, 40 and 20-yards that followed gave the Crimson Tide a 9–6 halftime lead. Alabama then held the Bulldogs to only four offensive plays in the third quarter and scored on a pair of one-yard Bowman touchdown runs for the 23–6 win. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 36–10–3.
LSU.
As they entered their game against LSU, Alabama remained in the No. 3 position with the Tigers in the No. 8 position for a top ten matchup. Against the Tigers, Alabama rallied back for a 17–9 win that secured the 1964 SEC championship at Legion Field in Birmingham. LSU scored first and took an early 6–0 lead on a 13-yard Billy Ezell touchdown pass to Doug Moreau. The Crimson Tide responded later in the first quarter with a one-yard Steve Bowman touchdown run and took a 7–6 lead. Later, a 35-yard Moreau field goal in the second quarter gave the Tigers a 9–7 halftime lead that they retained through the fourth quarter when Alabama started their rally. In the fourth, the Tide took the lead with a 36-yard David Ray field goal and extended it to the final margin of 17–9 later in the quarter when Hudson Harris intercepted and Ezell pass and returned it 34-yards for the touchdown. 
The game was also the dedication of 13,000 additional seats at Legion Field, and the 67,749 in attendance made it the largest crowd to ever see a football game in the state of Alabama at that time. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against LSU to 16–8–4.
Georgia Tech.
After their victory over LSU, Alabama moved into the No. 2 position and Georgia Tech, which exited the SEC following the 1963 season, into the No. 10 position in the AP poll prior to their game in Atlanta. In what was the final game of a series that stretched back nearly uninterrupted to the 1920s, Alabama defeated the Yellow Jackets 24–7 at Grant Field. After a scoreless first quarter, an injured Joe Namath entered the game for the Crimson Tide and led them to a pair of touchdowns in just a 1:20 of playing time. After Alabama recovered a Tech fumble at their 49-yard line, Namath threw a 48-yard completion to David Ray and on the next play took a 7–0 lead on a one-yard Steve Bowman touchdown run. The Crimson Tide then recovered an onside kick on the kickoff that ensued on the Jackets' 48-yard line. On the next play, Namath passed for 45-yards to Ray Ogden and then thew a three-yard touchdown pass to Ray for the 14–0 halftime lead.
After a 22-yard Ray field goal extended their lead to 17–0 in the third, Bowman scored on a four-yard fumble recovered for a touchdown in the fourth quarter. Georgia Tech did manage to avoid the shutout late in the fourth when Jerry Priestley threw a five-yard touchdown pass to Giles Smith that made the final score 24–7. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 24–19–3.
Auburn.
In the week prior to their game against Auburn, Alabama retained their No. 2 ranking in the AP poll. In the annual Iron Bowl game, Alabama defeated the Tigers 21–14 land secured their second undefeated regular season under coach Bryant. The Crimson Tide took an early 6–0 lead after Steve Bowman recovered an Auburn fumble on a failed punt attempt and returned it 39-yards for a touchdown. The Tigers responded with a three-yard Tucker Frederickson touchdown run in the second quarter for a 7–6 halftime lead. Alabama then took a 14–7 lead in the third after Ray Ogden returned the opening kickoff 107 yards for a touchdown. An Auburn fumble then setup the final scoring drive for Alabama in the fourth that culminated in a 23-yard Joe Namath touchdown pass to Ray Perkins for a 21–7 lead. The Tigers responded later with a 16-yard Tom Bryan touchdown pass to Jimmy Sidle that made the final score 21–14. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 14–14–1.
Texas.
Immediately after their Iron Bowl victory, Alabama accepted a bid to play Texas in the Orange Bowl. Although they were recognized as undefeated national champions at the conclusion of the regular season, Alabama lost to the Longhorns 21–17 in the game and finished the season 10–1. Texas took a 14–0 lead after touchdowns were scored on a 79-yard Ernie Koy run in the first and on a 69-yard Jim Hudson pass to George Sauer in the second quarter. The Crimson Tide responded with a seven-yard Joe Namath touchdown pass to Wayne Trimble, but a two-yard Koy touchdown run made the halftime score 21–7 in favor of Texas. Alabama closed the game with a 20-yard Ray Perkins touchdown reception in the third and with a 26-yard David Ray field goal in the fourth, but lost 21–17. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Texas to 0–5–1.
National championship claim.
The NCAA recognizes consensus national champions as the teams that have captured a championship by way of one of the major polls since the 1950 college football season. After No. 1 Notre Dame was upset by USC in their final game of the season, it was speculated that Alabama would move into the top position in the polls and claim the 1964 national championship. As such, the Crimson Tide were voted into the No. 1 position in both the final AP and UPI polls and captured the national championship. On November 30, the final UPI poll was released with Alabama in the No. 1 position having claimed 33 first place votes and 333 total points in the poll ahead of No. 2 Arkansas. On December 1, the final AP poll was released with Alabama in the No. 1 position having claimed 34.5 first place votes ahead of the 11.5 first place votes awarded to No. 2 Arkansas.
Although officially recognized as national champions at the conclusion of the regular season, Alabama went on to lose against Texas in the Orange Bowl. Due to this and the increasing number of top ranked teams participating in bowl games, 1964 was one of the final years the AP released its final poll before the completion of bowl season. The AP would permanently switch to a final poll conducted after the bowl games starting with the 1968 season. Arkansas (the only major team that finished the season undefeated), Notre Dame, and Michigan were also recognized as national champions by various other selectors for the 1964 season.
NFL/AFL Draft.
Several players that were varsity lettermen from the 1964 squad were drafted into the National Football League (NFL) and the American Football League (AFL) between the 1965 and 1967 drafts. These players included the following:
Freshman squad.
Prior to the 1972 college football season, NCAA rules prohibited freshmen from participating on the varsity team, and as such many schools fielded freshmen teams. For the 1964 season, the Alabama freshmen squad was coached by Sam Bailey and finished their season with a record of two wins and two losses (2–2). Alabama opened the season with a 14–7 loss to Mississippi State in a game that saw the Baby Tide turn the ball over seven times. The Bulldogs took a 7–0 lead in the first quarter on a one-yard Walter Pennebaker touchdown run. Alabama tied the game 7–7 in the third quarter on a 46-yard Ken Stabler touchdown pass to Dennis Homan; however, Stabler threw an interception later in the third to Alton Ellis that he returned 73-yards for the game-winning touchdown.
Two weeks later, Alabama won their first game of the season at New Orleans with a 13–6 victory over Tulane. The Baby Tide scored on their first offensive play when Stabler threw a 33-yard touchdown pass to Homan in the first quarter. Steve Davis kicked a 26-yard field goal on the next Alabama possession and another from 24-yards out in the third that made the score 13–0 in favor of the Tide. Paul Arnold scored Tulane's only points in the fourth quarter on a one-yard run and made the final score 13–6. In their third game, Alabama was shutout by Ole Miss 14–0 at Hemingway Stadium. In the game, Rebel touchdowns were scored on a pair of Carr Walker touchdown passes. The first came in the opening period to Milie Haile and the second on a 59-yard pass to Carl Pope in the third quarter.
The next week, Alabama closed the season with a 17–0 victory over rival Auburn at Denny Stadium. The Baby Tide took a 14–0 first quarter lead on a 70-yard Homan punt return and on a one-yard Phil Schaeffer touchdown run that capped a 71-yard drive. Steve Davis provided for the final points of the game late in the fourth quarter n a 21-yard field goal that made the final score 21–0.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20160546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160546" title="1965 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1965 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1965 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1965 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 71st overall and 32nd season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bear Bryant, in his eighth year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham and Ladd Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished season with nine wins, one loss and one tie (9–1–1 overall, 6–1–1 in the SEC), as SEC champions and with a victory over Nebraska in the Orange Bowl. Alabama was also recognized as national champions by the AP Poll after their Orange Bowl win.
Alabama opened the season ranked No. 5, but were upset by Georgia 18–17 in the first game of the season. They rebounded with their first win of the season over Tulane and followed that with a 17–16 win over in a game in which Alabama had to rally from a nine-point fourth quarter deficit for the victory. The next week, the Crimson Tide defeated in Nashville before they returned home for their rivalry game against Tennessee. Against the Volunteers, the score was deadlocked 7–7 in the closing seconds, but Alabama had driven to the Tennessee four-yard line. Ken Stabler believing that it was third down, threw the ball out of bounds with six seconds left to stop the clock. However, it was actually fourth down, possession went to Tennessee, and the game ended in a tie.
After the tie, the Crimson Tide won five in a row over Florida State, , , and Auburn en route to Bryant's fourth SEC title at Alabama. Because the Associated Press was holding its vote until after the bowl games instead of before for the first time, No. 4 Alabama still had a chance to win the national championship when they played No. 3 Nebraska in the Orange Bowl. On New Year's Day, No. 1 Michigan State lost in the Rose Bowl and No. 2 Arkansas lost in the Cotton Bowl Classic, and Alabama defeated Nebraska 39–28 in the Orange Bowl and captured its third AP National Championship in five years.
Game notes.
Georgia.
To open the 1965 season, the No. 5 Crimson Tide were upset by the Georgia Bulldogs 18–17 at Athens. After a scoreless first quarter, Georgia took a 10–0 lead on a 37-yard Bob Etter field goal and when George Patton intercepted a Steve Sloan pass and returned it 55-yards for a touchdown in the second quarter. Alabama then made the halftime score 10–3 with a 26-yard David Ray field goal. The Crimson Tide then tied the game in the third on an eight-yard Steve Bowman run and took their only lead of the game in the fourth on a two-yard Sloan touchdown run. The Bulldogs then scored their second touchdown late in the fourth quarter when Pat Hodgson lateraled a Kirby Moore pass to Bob Taylor who took it 73-yards for a touchdown. Georgia then successfully made a two-point conversion that gave them an 18–17 victory. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 28–19–4.
Tulane.
After their loss to Georgia in the season opener, the Crimson Tide dropped out of the rankings prior to their game against Tulane. At Mobile, the Crimson Tide shutout the Green Wave 27–0 in their annual Ladd Stadium game of the season. The Crimson Tide took a 10–0 first quarter lead on a 37-yard David Ray field goal followed by a one-yard Leslie Kelley touchdown run, and then extended it to 17–0 at halftime with a 29-yard Steve Sloan touchdown pass to Tommy Tolleson in the second. Alabama then closed the game with a 15-yard Sloan touchdown pass to Richard Thompson in the third and a 25-yard Ray field goal in the fourth for the 27–0 win. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tulane to 23–10–3.
Ole Miss.
For their third game of the season, Alabama met rival Ole Miss during the regular season for the first time since the 1944 season. In a night game at Legion Field, a nine-yard Steve Sloan touchdown run with just over a minute left in the game gave Alabama a 17–16 victory over the Rebels. Ole Miss took an early 3–0 lead on a 34-yard Jimmy Keyes field goal in the first quarter and then extended it to 9–0 in the second on an eight-yard James Heidel touchdown pass to Donald Street. Sloan then got Alabama on the scoreboard near the end of the second quarter on a five-yard touchdown run that made the halftime score 9–7. After a scoreless third, the Rebels extended their lead to 16–7 on a one-yard Heidel touchdown run before the Crimson Tide rallied for the victory.
David Ray scored first with his 37-yard field goal that made the score 16–10 in favor of Ole Miss, and then with 1:19 left in the game Sloan scored the game-tying touchdown on a nine-yard run. On the next play, Ray successfully converted the extra point and gave Alabama a 17–16 lead. The Crimson Tide then secured the victory on the next play when the Rebels' Stan Moss fumbled kickoff that was recovered by Alabama who then ran out the clock and won the game. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Ole Miss 18–3–2.
Vanderbilt.
After they trailed for the majority of the game, Alabama rallied with 22 fourth quarter points and defeated the Commodores 22–7 at Nashville. After a scoreless first quarter, the Commodores took a 7–0 lead after Charles Boyd returned a punt 69-yards for a touchdown in the second. Vanderbilt remained in the lead through the fourth quarter when Alabama scored a trio of touchdowns. Steve Bowman scored first on a two-yard run, followed by a 35-yard John Reitz interception return and then on a 57-yard Bowman run late in the game. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 23–16–4.
Tennessee.
In a game that saw multiple turnovers result in failed touchdown opportunities, Alabama tied the rival Tennessee Volunteers 7–7 at Legion Field. After a scoreless first quarter, both teams scored their only touchdown in the second. Stan Mitchell scored first for the Vols on a one-yard run and Steve Sloan followed for Alabama with his one-yard run. The Crimson Tide had a chance to win the game in the final minute of the game. With only 0:36 remaining in the game, Alabama had possession at the Tennessee six-yard line. However, Alabama quarterback Ken Stabler thought the Tide gained a first down on the previous play and threw the ball out-of-bounds on a fourth down play and turned the ball over on downs back to the Vols. Tennessee then ran out the clock for the tie. The tie brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 22–19–7. 
Florida State.
In what was their first all-time game against Florida State, the Crimson Tide shutout the Seminoles 21–0 on homecoming in Tuscaloosa. Alabama took a 13–0 halftime lead after Leslie Kelley scored on a one-yard touchdown run in the first and Steve Sloan scored on a two-yard touchdown run in the second quarter. After a scoreless third, the Crimson Tide closed the game with a second one-yard Kelley touchdown run in the fourth quarter coupled with a Ken Stabler two-point conversion that made the final score 21–0.
Mississippi State.
At the Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium, a pair of Bobby Johns turnovers in the fourth quarter preserved a 10–7 win over the Mississippi State Bulldogs. The Crimson Tide took an early 7–0 lead after Steve Sloan threw a 65-yard touchdown pass to Dennis Homan in the first quarter. They then extended their lead to 10–0 in the third quarter on a 27-yard David Ray field goal before the Bulldogs scored their only points on an eleven-yard Ashby Cook touchdown pass to Marcus Rhoden later in the quarter. In the fourth, Johns preserved the Crimson Tide win with his blocked field goal and interception late in the game. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 37–10–3.
LSU.
After their victory over Mississippi State, Alabama moved into the No. 5 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against LSU. Against the Tigers, the Crimson Tide won 31–7 at Tiger Stadium. Alabama scored their first touchdown early on a 45-yard Steve Sloan pass to Dennis Homan for a 7–0 first quarter lead. 17 second quarter points scored on a two-yard Steve Bowman run, a six-yard Sloan pass to David Ray and a 41-yard Ray field goal made the halftime score 24–0 in favor of the visitors. After Bowman scored on a 35-yard run in the third, LSU scored their only points in the fourth on a 53-yard Pat Screen touchdown pass to Joe Labruzzo that made the final score 31–7. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against LSU to 17–8–4.
South Carolina.
In their second non-conference game of the season, Alabama defeated the South Carolina Gamecocks 35–14 at Denny Stadium. The Crimson Tide took an early 7–0 lead after Steve Sloan scored on a two-yard touchdown run in the first quarter. After they extended their lead on a two-yard Steve Bowman touchdown run, the Gamecocks responded with their first touchdown on a seven-yard Michael L. Fair pass to J. R. Wilburn that made the score 14–7. Alabama then scored a pair of touchdowns on Sloan passes to Dennis Homan, the first from 50 and the second from 39 yards. South Carolina answered with a two-yard Phil Branson touchdown run and then Alabama with a two-yard Ken Stabler touchdown run that made the final score 35–14. In the game, Sloan eclipsed the previous team records for both pass completions and yardage in a single season formerly held by Joe Namath. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against South Carolina to 5–0.
Auburn.
In the annual Iron Bowl game, Alabama defeated the Auburn Tigers 30–3 and secured their second consecutive SEC championship. Alabama took a 15–0 lead late into the second quarter with Steve Sloan touchdown passes of 11-yards to Tommy Tolleson, 33-yards to Ray Perkins and a 27-yard David Ray field goal. Auburn then ended the shutout bid just before halftime on a 44-yard Don Lewis field goal that made the score 15–3. The Crimson Tide then closed the game with a two-yard Leslie Kelley touchdown in the third and a 29-yard Sloan touchdown pass to Don Shankles in the fourth that made the final score 30–3. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 15–14–1.
Nebraska.
For the second year in a row, Alabama played in the Orange Bowl. In the 1966 edition of the game, the Crimson Tide defeated the Nebraska Cornhuskers 39–28 and finished the season 9–1–1 and as AP national champions.
National championship claim.
The NCAA recognizes consensus national champions as the teams that have captured a championship by way of one of the major polls since the 1950 college football season. As they entered the Orange Bowl, the Crimson Tide was ranked fourth by the AP behind Michigan State, Arkansas and Nebraska. After losses by the Spartans an Razorbacks in their bowl game coupled with an Alabama victory over Nebraska in their contest, the Crimson Tide vaulted into the No. 1 position in the final AP poll of the season and won the national championship. Michigan State was also recognized as national champions by various other selectors for the 1965 season, including the UPI.
NFL/AFL Draft.
Several players that were varsity lettermen from the 1965 squad were drafted into the National Football League (NFL) and the American Football League (AFL) between the 1966 and 1968 drafts. These players included the following:
Freshman squad.
Prior to the 1972 college football season, NCAA rules prohibited freshmen from participating on the varsity team, and as such many schools fielded freshmen teams. The Alabama freshmen squad finished the 1965 season with a record of three wins and one loss (3–1). The Baby Tide opened their season with a 7–6 loss at Mississippi State. After a scoreless first quarter, the Bulldogs took a 7–0 lead in the second when Ronnie Coleman thew an 11-yard touchdown pass to Harry Ivey. Although the Alabama defense only allowed State only two first downs for the remainder of the game, the Baby Tide lost 7–6 after a failed two-point conversion attempt that followed a 26-yard Joe Kelley touchdown pass to Donnie Sutton.
Alabama then won their first game of the season at Denny Stadium with a 27–14 victory over Ole Miss. Ole Miss took an early 7–0 lead on a 12-yard Jimmy Wallis touchdown pass to Glenn Cannon. Alabama responded with the next four touchdowns and took a 27–7 lead. Touchdowns were scored on runs of 19-yards by Dave Beddingfield, 25-yards by Mickey Lee, three-yards by Frank Chambers run and on a 61-yard Kelley pass to Conrad Fowler. The Rebels then scored their final points as time expired on a 73-yard Terry Collier touchdown pass to Cannon. In their third game, Alabama defeated Tennessee 19–8 at Neyland Stadium. Alabama took an early 7–0 lead after Donnie Johnston scored on a two-yard touchdown run in the first quarter. After a pair of Myles Prestige field goals, the Baby Tide extended their lead to 19–0 with a second half touchdown. Tennessee responded late with their only touchdown on a four-yard Nick Showalter touchdown run in the fourth quarter.
Two weeks later, Alabama closed the season with a 30–6 victory over rival Auburn at Cliff Hare Stadium. After Baby Tide took a 7–0 first quarter lead on short Frank Chambers run, Auburn scored their only points on a 96-yard return by Larry Ellis on the kickoff that ensued. The Baby Tide then closed the game with 23 unanswered points scored on a one-yard Kelley run, a 20-yard Prestige field goal, a 52-yard Don Matthews punt return and on a nine-yard Johnston reverse.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20160554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160554" title="1966 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1966 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1966 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1966 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 72nd overall and 33rd season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bear Bryant, in his ninth year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham and Ladd Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished season undefeated with eleven wins (11–0 overall, 6–0 in the SEC), as SEC co-champions and with a victory over Nebraska in the Sugar Bowl.
Alabama opened the season with a victory over Louisiana Tech in Birmingham and followed that with a victory at for their first conference win of the season. The Crimson Tide then returned home and defeated Clemson in the first Tuscaloosa game of the season before they traveled to Knoxville for their annual rival game against Tennessee. In the game, Alabama trailed the Volunteers 10–0 in the fourth quarter before they rallied for an 11–10 victory that saw Tennessee miss a game-winning field goal in the final minute of play.
Alabama then alternated home games between Birmingham and Tuscaloosa over the next four weeks and defeated , , and in each game. After they defeated in their annual Mobile game, the Crimson Tide defeated Auburn in the Iron Bowl and captured a share of the SEC championship. In the January that followed, Alabama then defeated Nebraska in the Sugar Bowl and finished the season undefeated. Although they were the only undefeated and untied college team at the conclusion of the year, Alabama was not selected as national champions for the season. On the 1966 squad, Green Bay Packers head coach Vince Lombardi stated: "I don't know, we haven't played Alabama yet" when asked how it felt to have the world's greatest football team for the season after his Packers won Super Bowl I.
Before the season.
Alabama was recognized as national champions from the Associated Press for the 1965 season after they defeated Nebraska in the Orange Bowl and finished with an overall record of 9–1–1. In February 1966, SEC commissioner Bernie Moore penalized Alabama for scholarship violations with its freshman squad. Moore found that Alabama awarded 42 freshman scholarships instead of the 40 allowed by the league. As such, the Crimson Tide were penalized with a scholarship reduction of two to 38 for the 1966 recruiting class.
Game notes.
Louisiana Tech.
To open the 1966 season, the No. 3 Crimson Tide defeated the Louisiana Tech Bulldogs 34–0 in the first all-time meeting between the schools on the football field. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama took a 14–0 halftime lead on a 32-yard Ken Stabler touchdown pass to Dennis Homan and on an eight-yard Stabler touchdown run. After a two-yard Harold Moore touchdown run in the third, the Crimson Tide made the final score 34–0 in the fourth after they scored on a 79-yad Stabler pass to Homan and on a four-yard Moore run.
Ole Miss.
Prior to their game against Ole Miss, Alabama retained the No. 3 position in the AP Poll, and on a Saturday evening, the Crimson Tide defeated the Rebels 17–7 at Jackson. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama took a 7–0 halftime lead when Leslie Kelley scored on a one-yard touchdown run with only 0:40 left in the quarter. The Crimson Tide then extended their lead further to 14–0 in the third quarter when Ken Stabler threw a 28-yard touchdown pass to Ray Perkins. The Rebels responded early in the fourth and cut the Crimson Tide lead in half when Julian Cunningham scored on a two-yard touchdown run, and then Alabama closed the game with a 21-yard Steve Davis field goal that made the final score 17–7. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Ole Miss 19–3–2.
Clemson.
After their closer-than-expected victory over Ole Miss, Alabama dropped into the No. 4 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Clemson. In what was their first game against the Tigers since the 1936 season, who were led by former Crimson Tide player Frank Howard as head coach, Alabama won 26–0. The Crimson Tide took a 6–0 first quarter lead when Ken Stabler threw an eight-yard touchdown pass to Dennis Homan. They then extended their lead to 16–0 at halftime after a 32-yard Steve Davis field goal and one-yard Stabler touchdown run in the second quarter. Alabama then closed the game with an eight-yard Stabler touchdown pass to Kenny Martin in the third and a 36-yard Davies field goal in the fourth quarter that made the final score 26–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Clemson to 7–3.
Tennessee.
After their victory over Clemson, Alabama regained the No. 3 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Tennessee. At a rain-soaked Neyland Stadium, Alabama overcame a 10–0 fourth quarter deficit and defeated the rival Volunteers 11–10 and preserved their prefect record. Tennessee scored all of their points in the first quarter. The first points came on a six-yard Dewey Warren touchdown pass to Austin Denney and next on a 40-yard Gary Wright field goal for a 10–0 lead. Still up by 10, the Crimson Tide made their comeback in the fourth quarter. Ken Stabler scored on a one-yard touchdown run and then successfully converted the two-point conversion on a short pass to Wayne Cook that made the score 10–8. With just over 3:00 left in the game, Steve Davis kicked the 17-yard, game-wining field goal that made the score 11–10. The Volunteers did manage to set up a 19-yard field goal attempt that went wide in the final 0:20 of the contest. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 23–19–7. 
Vanderbilt.
After their victory over Tennessee, Alabama again dropped into the No. 4 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Vanderbilt. Against the Commodores, Alabama played 56 different players in their 42–6 victory at Birmingham. The Crimson Tide took a 21–0 first quarter lead before Vanderbilt scored their only points of the game. Alabama touchdowns were scored by Bobby Johns on a 40-yard interception return, a 29-yard Leslie Kelley pass to Ray Perkins on a halfback option play and on a 35-yard Wayne Trimble pass to Richard Brewer. The Commodores responded with their only points on a three-yard Roger May touchdown pass to Steve Skupas late in the first. A 14-yard David Chatwood touchdown run in the second quarter made the halftime score 28–6 in favor of Alabama. The Crimson Tide then closed the game with a pair of third-quarter touchdowns on an 18-yard Trimble pass to Dennis Homan and on an one-yard Trimble run. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 24–16–4.
Mississippi State.
At Denny Stadium, the Crimson Tide traded touchdowns in the fourth quarter and defeated the Mississippi State Bulldogs 27–14 in Tuscaloosa. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama took a 10–0 halftime lead after a 35-yard Steve Davis field goal and a 26-yard Wayne Trimble touchdown pass to Ray Perkins. Davis then added a 31-yard field goal in the third before both teams traded touchdowns in the fourth quarter and made the final score 27–14. In the final quarter, the Crimson Tide scored on Trimble touchdown passes of 48-yards to Jerry Duncan and 38-yards to Perkins; Mississippi State scored on a three-yard Prentis Calhoun run and on an 11-yard Don Saget pass to Calhoun. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 38–10–3.
LSU.
After their victory over Mississippi State, Alabama retained the No. 4 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against LSU. Behind a strong defensive performance, the Crimson Tide defeated the Tigers 21–0 at Legion Field. Alabama took a 5–0 first quarter lead after Mike Hall blocked a Mitch Worley punt for a safety and Steve Davis connected on a 24-yard field goal. Davis then made the halftime score 8–0 in favor of the Crimson Tide with a 32-yard field goal. In the third quarter, Bobby Johns intercepted a Fred Haynes pass an returned it 33-yards for a touchdown and in the fourth a three-yard Frank Canterbury touchdown run made the final score 21–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against LSU to 18–8–4.
South Carolina.
On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, Alabama defeated the South Carolina Gamecocks 24–0 at Denny Stadium. The Crimson Tide took a 14–0 halftime lead after touchdown runs of one-yard by David Chatwood in the first and of three-yards by Leslie Kelley in the second quarter. Alabama then closed the game with a 13-yard Wayne Trimble touchdown pass to Ray Perkins in the third and on a 31-yard Steve Davis field goal in the fourth that made the final score 24–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against South Carolina to 6–0.
Southern Miss.
In their annual game played at Mobile, Alabama shutout the Southern Miss Golden Eagles 34–0 at Ladd Stadium. After a scoreless first, the Crimson Tide took a 12–0 halftime lead on a pair of Ken Stabler touchdown passes. The first was from 25-yards to Ray Perkins and the second from one-yard out to Wayne Cook. After a 13-yard David Chatwood touchdown run in the third, Alabama then closed the game with a pair of touchdowns and two-point conversions in the fourth quarter. The first came on a 55-yard Stabler touchdown pass to Dennis Homan and the second on a one-yard Joe Kelley run that made the final score 34–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Southern Miss to 8–2–1.
Auburn.
In the annual Iron Bowl game, Alabama defeated the Auburn Tigers 31–0 and secured their third consecutive SEC championship. After a scoreless first quarter, the Crimson Tide took a 17–0 halftime lead with points scored on a 63-yard Ken Stabler touchdown pass to Ray Perkins, on a one-yard Leslie Kelley run and on a 23-yard Steve Davis field goal. Alabama then concluded their scoring with a pair of third-quarter touchdowns on a 12-yard Kelley run and on a 41-yard Wayne Trimble pass to Donnie Sutton that made the final score 31–0. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 16–14–1.
Nebraska.
For the second year in a row, Alabama played Nebraska in their bowl game, and for the second consecutive year defeated the Cornhuskers. In the 1967 edition of the Sugar Bowl, the Crimson Tide defeated Nebraska 34–7 and finished the season undefeated. Alabama opened with a 17–0 lead in the first quarter on touchdown runs of one-yard by Leslie Kelley, 14-yards by Ken Stabler and on a 30-yard Steve Davis field goal. They then extended it to 24–0 at halftime after a six-yard Wayne Trimble touchdown run in the second quarter. After a 40-yard Davis field goal in the third for the Crimson Tide, Nebraska scored their only points early in the fourth quarter on a 15-yard Bob Churchich touchdown pass to Dick Davis that made the score 27–7. Alabama then closed the game with a 45-yard Stabler touchdown pass to Ray Perkins that made the final score 34–7. For is performance, Stabler was recognized as the game's MVP. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Nebraska to 2–0.
National championship claim.
The NCAA recognizes consensus national champions as the teams that have captured a championship by way of one of the major polls since the 1950 college football season. Although Alabama was the only undefeated team at the end of the season as Notre Dame and Michigan State tied in their meeting, they were not recognized as national champions. Keith Dunnavant suggests in his book about the 1966 season, that the continued segregation of the Alabama football team (the Crimson Tide did not integrate until Wilbur Jackson and John Mitchell made the 1971 team), as well as violent resistance by white Alabamians to the Civil Rights Movement, cost the Crimson Tide support with voters in 1966 and led to the third-place finish. The 1966 squad was retroactively recognized as national champions by Berryman and Sagarin (ELO-Chess) but Alabama does not claim either in their official national championship total.
NFL Draft.
Several players that were varsity lettermen from the 1966 squad were drafted into the National Football League (NFL) between the 1967 and 1969 drafts. These players included the following:
Freshman squad.
Prior to the 1972 college football season, NCAA rules prohibited freshmen from participating on the varsity team, and as such many schools fielded freshmen teams. The Alabama freshmen squad was led by coach Clem Gryska for the 1966 season and finished with a record of four wins and zero losses (4–0). The Baby Tide opened their season with a 27–14 victory over Mississippi State at Denny Stadium. After a scoreless first quarter, Alabama took a 7–0 lead in the second when Scott Hunter thew a five-yard touchdown pass to Tommy Wade. They then extended their lead to 17–0 at halftime when Mike Dean connected on a 46-yard field goal and Hunter scored on a short quarterback sneak. After Dean connected on a 31-yard field goal late in the third, the Bulldogs scored their first points late in the fourth on a 43-yard Dickie Carpenter touchdown run that made the score 20–7. Alabama responded with a 13-yard Wade touchdown run and State with a 13-yard Carpenter touchdown pass to George Davis that made the final score 27–14.
In their second game of the season, the Alabama freshmen defeated Ole Miss 31–14 at Oxford. Alabama took a 14–7 halftime lead with a pair of Tommy Wade touchdown runs from one and three-yards; Ole Miss scored their touchdown on a four-yard John Bowen run. After Mike Dean connected on a 25-yard field goal in the third, fourth-quarter touchdowns were scored for Alabama by Wade on a one-yard run and on a 20-yard Scott Hunter pass to Dean. The Rebels scored their final touchdown on a 40-yard Vernon Studdard pass to Louis Farber that made the final score 31–14. In their next game on November 7 against Tennessee, the Baby Tide won again by a score of 21–9. The Vols led 9–7 at halftime after Vic Dingus tackled Eddie Bentley in the endzone for a safety and on a 35-yard Mike Jones touchdown pass to Gary Kreis. Alabama's first half touchdown came on a 15-yard Tommy Wade run. The Baby Tide closed the game with touchdowns on a 13-yard Scott Hunter pass to Perry Willis in the third and on a two-yard Wade run in the fourth that made the final score 21–9.
In their final game of the season, Alabama defeated Auburn 6–3 at Denny Stadium and finished the season undefeated. After Joe Riley scored Auburn's only points with his 35-yard field goal in the first, Mike Dean scored all of the Tide's points with field goals of 20 and 31-yards.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20160555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160555" title="Estadio José Antonio Romero Feris">
Estadio José Antonio Romero Feris

Estadio José Antonio Romero Feris is football stadium in Corrientes, Argentina. Opened on July 26, 1986, the stadium has a capacity of 15,700 people. It is primarily used is for football matches. It is the home of the Textil Mandiyú football team of the Asociación del Fútbol Argentino in the Torneo Argentino B league.
Events.
Luis Miguel November 07, 2010 (Luis Miguel Tour)

</doc>
<doc id="20160556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160556" title="USS Waneta (YT-384)">
USS Waneta (YT-384)

USS "Waneta" (YT-384), later YTB-384, later YTM-384, was a United States Navy harbor tug in commission from 1944 to 1946 and from 1953 to 1974.
"Waneta" was laid down on 8 September 1943 at Brooklyn, New York, by Ira S. Bushey and Sons. She was launched on 24 December 1943, and completed and delivered to the Navy on 25 April 1944.
Reclassified a large harbor tug and redesignated YTB-384 on 15 May 1944, "Waneta" initially was allocated to the United States Pacific Fleet's service force and operated actively in her designed role until placed out of service, in reserve, in March 1946, berthed at San Diego, California.
"Waneta" remained inactive until placed in service once again in October 1953 for duty in the 6th Naval District at Charleston, South Carolina. She performed tug and tow services, waterfront fire protection, and pilotage at Charleston—being reclassified a medium harbor tug and redesignated YTM-384 in February 1962—until inactivated and placed out of service early in 1974.
"Waneta" was struck from the Navy List on 1 April 1974 sold by the Defense Reutilization and Marketing Service for scrapping on 1 February 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20160558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160558" title="1967 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1967 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1967 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1967 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 73rd overall and 34th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bear Bryant, in his 10th year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham and Ladd Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished season with eight wins, two losses and one tie (8–2–1 overall, 5–1 in the SEC) and with a loss against in the Cotton Bowl Classic.
During the spring practice sessions, five African American students attempted to walk-on to the football team. Two of the five, Dock Rone and Andrew Pernell participated in the annual A-Day Game. Although none of the five made it to the varsity squad, their participation as part of the team marked the beginnings of the desegregation of the football program that culminated in the signing of Wilbur Jackson to an athletic scholarship in 1970.
Alabama opened the season ranked #2, but tied unranked Florida State at Birmingham in a game that snapped a 17 game winning streak and surprised many pundits. They rebounded from the tie with victories over in their annual Mobile game, in their first conference game and in their first road game of the season. In their fifth game against Tennessee, Alabama was defeated 24–13 at Legion Field. The defeat ended a 25-game unbeaten streak for the Crimson Tide that dated back to the 1965 season and was the first for the Volunteers over Alabama since their 1960 season.
After their loss to Tennessee, Alabama again rebounded and won their final five regular season games. After they defeated Clemson at Memorial Stadium, they returned to Tuscaloosa where they defeated on homecoming. The Crimson Tide next defeated at Tiger Stadium, in Tuscaloosa, and Auburn in the Iron Bowl after Ken Stabler had his famous, 47-yard "run in the mud" touchdown to win the game. In the January that followed, Alabama lost to in the Cotton Bowl Classic.
Desegregation.
Although the University was officially desegregated in summer 1963, full integration of the athletic teams did not occur at that time. By spring 1967, the athletic program was warned by the Office of Education that the lack of African Americans under athletic scholarship was a violation of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. In February 1967, Dock Rone, an African American student enrolled at the University from Montgomery, met with coach Bryant about potentially trying to make the football team as a walk-on. At that time Bryant believed a non-scholarship, African American walk-on would help pave the way to complete integration of the football team.
On April 1, the football team opened their spring practice, and at that time Rone became the first African American to wear the Alabama uniform. At that time, an additional four African American students reported to practice, but were unable to participate at that time as they had not yet been academically cleared to play. These four other African American students that reported were Melvin Leverett of Prichard, Arthur Dunning of Mobile, Andrew Pernell of Bessemer and Jerome Tucker of Birmingham. By the second practice all except for Tucker were declared academically eligible to compete on the football squad and joined the team on April 3.
Throughout spring practice, Rone played as an offensive lineman and Leverett, Dunning and Pernell played as backs. On May 5, Rone and Pernell participated in the annual A-Day Game and became the first African American players to play at Denny Stadium as members of the Crimson Tide football team. Although Rone was on track to potentially become the first African American player on scholarship at Alabama, in the summer that followed family problems forced him to leave school. Three years later, Wilbur Jackson became the first African American to sign and play under athletic scholarship for the Alabama football team.
Game notes.
Florida State.
To open the 1967 season, Alabama played the Florida State Seminoles to a 37–37 tie and ended a 17 game unbeaten and untied streak that stretched back to their 1965 season. The Seminoles opened with a pair of early touchdowns first on an 11-yard Kim Hammond pass to Ron Sellers and next on a 75-yard Walt Sumner punt return for a 14–0 lead. The Crimson Tide then responded with touchdowns on a two-yard Ken Stabler run and a 51-yard Stabler pass to Dennis Homan coupled with a successful two-point conversion for a 15–14 lead at the end of the first quarter. In the second quarter, Florida State scored first on a 27-yard Grant Guthrie field goal followed by Alabama with an 11-yard Ed Morgan touchdown run. The Seminoles then scored on a 13-yard Hammond touchdown pass to Larry Green for a 24–22 halftime lead.
After Florida State scored the only third quarter points in the third quarter on a 38-yard Guthrie field goal, both teams traded fourth quarter points for the 37–37 tie. After Stabler threw a 17-yard touchdown pass to Homan, the Seminoles responded with a 23-yard Guthrie field goal. Then in the final minutes of the game, Alabama scored their final points on a three-yard Morgan run only to have Florida State tie the game at 37 with their eight-yard touchdown pass to Bill Moremen. The tie brought Alabama's all-time record against Florida State to 1–0–1.
Southern Miss.
After their tie against Florida State, Alabama dropped from the No. 2 to the No. 9 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Southern Miss. In their annual game played at Mobile, Alabama defeated the Golden Eagles 25–3 behind three Ken Stabler touchdown passes to Dennis Homan. After a scoreless first quarter, Stabler thew his first touchdown to Homan on a 20-yard pass and then Southern Miss scored their only points on a 30-yard Ihor Kondrat field goal that made the halftime score 7–3. Stabler then threw touchdowns to Homan from six-yards in the third and 33-yards in the fourth. Steve Davis then converted a 30-yard field goal late that made the final score 25–3. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Southern Miss to 9–2–1.
Ole Miss.
In their conference opener against Ole Miss, Alabama defeated the Rebels 21–7 before a nationally televised audience at Birmingham. After a scoreless first quarter, the Crimson Tide took a 7–0 halftime lead when Ken Stabler threw an 11-yard touchdown pass to Dennis Homan. Stabler then scored on an eight-yard run in the second and Ed Morgan on a one-yard run that capped an 88-yard drive in the fourth for a 21–0 lead. Down by three touchdowns, the Rebels scored their only points in the fourth when backup quarterback Terry Collier threw a 23-yard touchdown pass to Mac Haik. In the game, Homan led all receivers with 84 yards on eight catches for Alabama and Ole Miss lost five fumbles. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Ole Miss 20–3–2.
Vanderbilt.
After their victory over Ole Miss, Alabama moved up into the No. 7 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Vanderbilt. In an offensive shootout against the Commodores, Alabama won 35–21 at Nashville. The Crimson Tide took an early 14–0 lead with a pair of Ken Stabler touchdowns in the first quarter. The first came on a 61-yard pass to Dennis Homan and the second on a one-yard run. Vanderbilt responded in the second quarter with a pair of David Strong touchdowns that tied the game 14–14. The first came on a seven-yard run and the second on a 13-yard pass from Roger May. The Crimson Tide then responded with a 59-yard drive, capped with a 21-yard Steve Davis field goal that gave them a 17–14 halftime lead.
After a 31-yard Davis field goal extended the Alabama lead to 20–14, Stabler threw a 15-yard touchdown pass to Homan. A successful two-point conversion on a Pete Jilleba run followed, and the Crimson Tide extended their lead to 28–14 at the end of the third quarter. The game then closed with each squad scoring a touchdown in the fourth quarter. Alabama scored first on a two-yard Joe Kelley run followed by a seven-yard May pass to Robert Goodridge by the Commodores that made the final score 35–21. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 25–16–4.
Tennessee.
After their victory over Vanderbilt, Alabama moved into the No. 6 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Tennessee. Against the Volunteers, the Crimson Tide lost their first game since the 1965 season and ended a 25-game unbeaten streak with this 24–13 loss. After Walter Chadwick scored on a one-yard touchdown run for the Vols, Alabama responded with an eight-yard Ken Stabler touchdown that tied the game 7–7 at the end of the first quarter. The score remained tied at the half after a scoreless second quarter.
Tennessee then took a 17–7 lead in the third quarter on an 11-yard Chadwick touchdown pass to Ken DeLong and a 47-yard Karl Kremser field goal. Alabama responded with their final points early in the fourth quarter on a one-yard Ed Morgan touchdown run, but a Stabler pass was later intercepted by Albert Dorsey and returned 31-yards for a touchdown and a 24–13 Vols victory. The Tennessee win was also their first over the Crimson Tide since the 1960 season. In the game, Stabler threw five interceptions. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 23–20–7. 
Clemson.
As a result of their loss against Tennessee, Alabama dropped completely out of the AP Poll prior to their game against Clemson. In their only non-conference road game of the season, the Crimson Tide narrowly defeated the Tigers of the Atlantic Coast Conference 13–10 at Memorial Stadium. Alabama took a 7–0 lead in the first quarter on a one-yard run Ed Morgan, and Clemson responded with a 30-yard Steedley Candler field goal that made the score 7–3 at the end of the first. Alabama then scored their final points of the game on a pair of Steve Davis field goals in the second that made the halftime score 13–3. After a scoreless third, Clemson made the final score 13–10 with a one-yard Buddy Gore touchdown run in the fourth quarter. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Clemson to 8–3.
Mississippi State.
On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, the Crimson Tide shutout the Mississippi State Bulldogs 13–0 at Tuscaloosa. After a scoreless first quarter, Steve Davis gave Alabama a 3–0 halftime lead with his 24-yard field goal in the second quarter. The Crimson Tide then closed the game with a one-yard Tommy Wade touchdown run in the third and a 21-yard field goal in the fourth for the 13–0 victory. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 39–10–3.
LSU.
Although Steve Davis missed three field goals for Alabama in the game, the Crimson Tide defeated the LSU Tigers 7–6 at Tiger Stadium. After three shutout quarters, Alabama scored their only points early in the fourth on a one-yard Ed Morgan touchdown run for a 7–0 lead. Tommy Allen then scored the Tigers only points later in the quarter with his four-yard run. However, Roy Hurd missed the extra point attempt and LSU lost 7–6. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against LSU to 19–8–4.
South Carolina.
In the final Tuscaloosa game of the season, Alabama shutout the South Carolina Gamecocks 17–0 at Denny Stadium. After a scoreless first quarter, the Crimson Tide took a 10–0 halftime lead on a 24-yard Steve Davis field goal and a 38-yard Ken Stabler pass to Dennis Homan. Tommy Wade then made the final score 17–0 with his one-yard touchdown run in the third quarter. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against South Carolina to 7–0.
Auburn.
In the annual Iron Bowl game, Alabama defeated the Auburn Tigers 7–3 in rainy conditions at Legion Field behind Ken Stabler's 47-yard "Run in the Mud" for the game's only touchdown in the fourth quarter. The only other points in the game came in the third quarter on a 38-yard John Riley field goal for the Tigers. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 17–14–1.
Texas A&M.
After Texas A&M upset Alabama 20–16 in the Cotton Bowl Classic, Bear Bryant carried the Aggies head coach Gene Stallings off the field to celebrate the victory as he was both a former player and assistant coach under him Bryant. After Alabama scored first on an eight-yard Ken Stabler touchdown run, A&M responded with a 13-yard Edd Hargett touchdown pass to Larry Stegent that tied the game 7–7 at the end of the first quarter. In the second quarter, the Crimson Tide scored first on s 34-yard Steve Davis field goal and the Aggies followed with a seven-yard Hargett touchdown pass to Tommy Maxwell that made the halftime score 13–10. Each team then scored their final points in the third quarter. A&M scored first on a 20-yard Wendell Housley touchdown run followed by Stabler on an eight-yard touchdown run that made the final score 20–16. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Texas A&M to 1–1.
NFL Draft.
Several players that were varsity lettermen from the 1967 squad were drafted into the National Football League (NFL) between the 1968 and 1969 drafts. These players included the following:
Freshman squad.
Prior to the 1972 college football season, NCAA rules prohibited freshmen from participating on the varsity team, and as such many schools fielded freshmen teams. The Alabama freshmen squad was led by coach Clem Gryska for the 1967 season and finished with a record of three wins and one loss (3–1). The Baby Tide opened their season with a 34–14 victory over Mississippi State at Scott Field. On the first play of the game, Frank Mann threw a 63-yard touchdown pass to George Ranager for a 6–0 lead, and later in the first Roger Crowson scored on a 23-yard run that extended the Baby Tide lead to 13–0. State then scored their first touchdown in the final 0:30 of the quarter on a nine-yard Joe Joy touchdown catch that made the score 13–6. After a scoreless second, in the third Bill Ragle scored for Alabama on a 15-yard run followed by Cam Walker on a two-yard run that extended their lead to 27–6. The game came to a close with a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns. First Tommy Weigand scored on a six-yard run for Alabama and this was followed with a 53-yard David Smith touchdown pass for State that made the final score 34–14.
In their second game, the Alabama freshmen lost their only game of the season at home against Ole Miss 21–2. After a scoreless first quarter, the Rebels took a 7–0 lead in the second on a 31-yard pass from Don Farrar to Floyd Franks. Ole Miss still led into the fourth quarter when Alabama scored their only points on a safety when Gene Gellerstedt blocked a Rebels punt out of the endzone. Randy Reed responded with the final tow touchdowns of the game first on a recovered fumble and the second on a one-yard run for the 21–2 victory.
At Knoxville, Alabama defeated the Tennessee freshmen 7–3 for their third consecutive victory over the Volunteers. George Hunt scored for the Vols at the end of the second quarter on a 33-yard field goal and Alabama responded in the third on a 55-yard Benny Rippetoe touchdown pass to George Ranager for the 7–3 victory. At Cliff Hare Stadium, Alabama scored all of their points in a span of 1:34 of the first quarter and held on to win 14–6 at Auburn. The Baby Tide scored first on a 55-yard Benny Rippetoe touchdown pass to George Ranager and was followed with a block of a Roy Davis punt by Rod Steakley that was returned by Hal Willcutt for a 14–0 Alabama lead. Mac Crawford scored the only points for Auburn late in the fourth quarter on his one-yard run that made the final score 14–6.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20160559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160559" title="1968 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1968 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1968 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1968 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 74th overall and 35th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bear Bryant, in his 11th year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Legion Field in Birmingham and Ladd Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished season with eight wins and three losses (8–3 overall, 4–2 in the SEC) and with a loss against Missouri in the Gator Bowl.
Alabama opened the season ranked #7 and won their first two games against at Birmingham and in their annual Mobile game, which proved to be the last game Alabama would play at Ladd Stadium in Mobile. In their third game, the Crimson Tide were upset by at Jackson, their first loss to the Rebels since the 1910 season. They rebounded the next week with a victory over but lost the next week to Tennessee after coach Bryant elected to go for the victory instead of a tie and missed a two-point conversion and lost 10–9 at Knoxville.
After their loss to Tennessee, Alabama rebounded and won their final five regular season games. After they defeated Clemson, they returned to Tuscaloosa where they defeated on homecoming. The Crimson Tide next upset LSU in Birmingham, defeated at the Miami Orange Bowl, and Auburn in the Iron Bowl. Later that December, Alabama lost 35–10 to Missouri in the Gator Bowl.
Game notes.
Virginia Tech.
To open the 1968 season, Alabama defeated the Virginia Tech Hokies 14–7 at Legion Field. After a scoreless first quarter, all three of the touchdowns scored in the game were made in the second quarter. Alabama took a 14–0 lead on a pair of Scott Hunter to George Ranager touchdown passes first from eight and then from 65-yards. The Hokies then scored their only points with 0:42 left in the half after Larry Creekmore blocked a Frank Mann punt that was recovered by Jud Brownell in the endzone for a touchdown. In the game, the Alabama defense was dominant and only allowed Tech 51 total yards of offense that included minus 17 rushing yards in the victory. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Virginia Tech to 4–0.
Southern Miss.
After their victory over Virginia Tech, Alabama retained their No. 7 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Southern Miss. In their annual game played at Mobile, Alabama came from behind and defeated the Golden Eagles 17–10 behind a ten point rally in the fourth quarter. The Crimson Tide took an early 7–0 lead after Ed Morgan scored on a nine-yard touchdown run. The Golden Eagles responded in the second with a one-yard Tommy Boutwell touchdown pass to Toby Vance that tied the game 7–7 at halftime. Larry Moulton next scored on a two-yard run that gave Southern a 14–7 lead in the third quarter. 
Early in the fourth after Donnie Sutton recovered an Eagles fumble, Oran Buck cut the lead to 14–10 with his 19-yard field goal. Alabama then scored the game-winning points late in the game on a 34-yard Scott Hunter touchdown pass to George Ranager for the 17–10 victory. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Southern Miss to 10–2–1.
Ole Miss.
After their near loss against Southern Miss, Alabama dropped from the No. 7 to No. 11 position in the AP Poll prior to their game at Ole Miss. Against the Rebels, the Crimson Tide was upset 10–8 before the largest crowd to date ever to witness a college football game in the state of Mississippi. After a scoreless first, Ole Miss took a 7–0 halftime lead after Archie Manning threw a six-yard touchdown pass to Henry Shows in the second quarter. They then extended their lead to 10–0 with a 44-yard Perry King field goal in the third quarter. 
Alabama ended the Ole Miss shutout bid with just 0:08 left in the game after a Julian Fagan punt was blocked by Mike Hall and recovered by Mike Reilly in the endzone for a touchdown. They then converted a two-point conversion that made the final score 10–8. The victory was the first for Ole Miss over Alabama since their 16–0 win in 1910, a period that spanned 58 years. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Ole Miss to 20–4–2.
Vanderbilt.
After their loss against Ole Miss, Alabama dropped out of the AP Poll altogether prior to their game against Vanderbilt. Against the Commodores, Alabama rebounded from the previous weeks loss with a 31–7 victory at Tuscaloosa. Ed Morgan scored the first points of the game with his one-yard touchdown run in the first quarter for a 7–0 lead. After a scoreless second quarter, the Crimson Tide extended their lead to 17–0 in the third on a 21-yard Mike Dean field goal and a 17-yard Buddy Seay touchdown run. 
In the fourth, Scott Hunter scored for Alabama on a one-yard run, followed with Vanderbilt's only points on a four-yard David Strong run and then the Crimson Tide made the final score 31–7 on a one-yard Pete Moore touchdown run. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 26–16–4.
Tennessee.
Against Tennessee, coach Bryant elected to go for the victory instead of a tie in the final minutes of the game, and after the failed two-point conversion the Volunteers held onto a 10–9 victory at Knoxville. Tennessee took an early 7–0 lead in the first quarter after Richmond Flowers scored on a one-yard touchdown run. Alabama responded later in the quarter with a 28-yard Mike Dean field goal that made the score 7–3. The score remained the same through the fourth quarter when Karl Kremser kicked what was then a SEC record 54-yard field goal that extended the Volunteers lead to 10–3.
After the Tennessee field goal, the Crimson Tide had their most sustained drive of the game. The 80-yard drive culminated in a four-yard Donnie Sutton touchdown reception from Scott Hunter that made the score 10–9. However, instead of playing for the tie and kicking the extra point, coach Bryant elected to go for the win on a two-point conversion. On the attempt, Joe Kelley failed to complete the pass to Sutton and Tennessee won the game as a result 10–9. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 23–21–7. 
Clemson.
At Denny Stadium, the Crimson Tide narrowly defeated the Tigers of the Atlantic Coast Conference 21–14. Alabama took an early 14–0 lead with a pair of first-quarter touchdowns. The first came on a 40-yard Donnie Sutton reception from Scott Hunter and the second on a 13-yard Buddy Seay run. Clemson responded and tied the game 14–14 with touchdowns in each of the next two quarters. Buddy Gore scored first in the second quarter on a three-yard run and was followed with a six-yard Billy Ammons touchdown pass to Ray Yauger in the third.
Alabama retook the lead in the fourth on a 30-yard Hunter touchdown pass to George Ranager that made the score 21–14. Clemson then drove the ball late to the Crimson Tide 41-yard line only to have Ammons throw an interception late that sealed the Alabama victory. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Clemson to 9–3.
Mississippi State.
On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, the Crimson Tide held leading SEC quarterback Tommy Pharr in check and defeated the Mississippi State Bulldogs 20–13 at Tuscaloosa. After Alabama took an early 7–0 lead on a two-yard Ed Morgan touchdown run, the Bulldogs responded with a one-yard Lynn Zeringue touchdown run, but a failed extra point kept the Crimson Tide in the lead 7–6. Alabama then extended their lead to 20–6 at halftime with 13 second quarter points. After Pete Jilleba scored on a two-yard touchdown run, Mike Dean connected on field goals of 25 and 29-yards.
The final points of the game came in the third quarter when Pharr threw an eight-yard touchdown pass to Sammy Milner that made the final score 20–13. In the game, Pete Moore led the Crimson Tide after he rushed for 115 yards on 28 carries. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 40–10–3.
LSU.
On a cool afternoon before a capacity crowd at Legion Field, Alabama upset the LSU Tigers 16–7. The Crimson Tide took their opening possession 79-yards in eight plays that culminated with an 11-yard Scott Hunter touchdown pass to Pete Jilleba for a 6–0 lead. After a scoreless second, LSU took a 7–6 lead in the third quarter on a 15-yard Kenny Newfield touchdown run. Alabama responded with ten unanswered points to close the game an won 16–7. After a 29-yard Mike Dean field goal in the third, Hunter threw a 16-yard touchdown pass to Donnie Sutton in the fourth quarter. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against LSU to 20–8–4.
Miami.
After their victory over LSU, Alabama reentered the AP Poll at the No. 16 position prior to their game at Miami. On homecoming at the Orange Bowl, Alabama defeated the Hurricanes 14–6 behind a long touchdown reception and interception return. This game was also noted for being the first college football game to be telecast nationally on prime time television.
The Crimson Tide took a 7–0 lead in the first quarter when Scott Hunter threw a 73-yard touchdown pass to Donnie Sutton. Alabama remained up by a touchdown through the fourth quarter when Mike Dean intercepted a Lew Pytel pass and returned it 69-yards for a touchdown and a 14–0 lead. The Hurricanes responded late with a two-yard Bobby Best touchdown run that made the final score 14–6. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Miami to 6–2.
Auburn.
After their victory over Miami, Alabama moved into the No. 15 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Auburn. Behind a strong all-around performance in the annual Iron Bowl game, Alabama defeated the Tigers 24–16 at Legion Field in the final game of the regular season. After Ed Morgan gave Alabama a 7–0 lead with his 35-yard touchdown run, Auburn responded with a 22-yard John Riley field goal that made the score 7–3 at the end of the first quarter. The Crimson Tide then took a 14–3 halftime lead after Morgan scored his second touchdown of the game on a one-yard run. 
After Alabama went up 21–3 on a five-yard Scott Hunter touchdown pass to Mike Hall in the third quarter, Auburn responded with their first touchdown of the game on a 70-yard Loran Carter pass to Mike Currier that made the score 21–10. After the Tigers scored their second touchdown on a five-yard Carter pass to Connie Frederick, Alabama scored their final points of the game on a 30-yard Mike Dean field goal that made the final score 24–16. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 18–14–1.
Missouri.
On November 20, Alabama accepted an invitation to play Missouri of the Big Eight Conference in the Gator Bowl for their 10th consecutive bowl game appearance. Against the Tigers, Bryant suffered his worst loss to date as head coach of the Crimson Tide with this 35–10 loss in the first all-time meeting between the schools. After Terry McMillan gave Missouri a 7–0 lead with his four-yard touchdown run in the first, Alabama responded in the second with their only touchdown of the game on a 38-yard Donnie Sutton interception return. McMillan then responded with his second touchdown of the game of the game on a five-yard run that made the halftime score 14–7. The score remained the same through the fourth quarter when Alabama converted a 28-yard Mike Dean field goal before the Tigers closed the game with three unanswered touchdowns and won 35–10. These touchdowns were scored on a two-yard McMillan run, a 35-yard Greg Cook run and on a 47-yard Dennis Poppe interception return.
NFL Draft.
Several players that were varsity lettermen from the 1968 squad were drafted into the National Football League (NFL) in the 1969 and 1971 drafts. These players included the following:
Freshman squad.
Prior to the 1972 college football season, NCAA rules prohibited freshmen from participating on the varsity team, and as such many schools fielded freshmen teams. The Alabama freshmen squad was led by coach Clem Gryska for the 1968 season and finished with a record of two wins and three losses (2–3). The Baby Tide opened their season with a 20–16 come-from-behind victory over Mississippi State at Denny Stadium. Chuck Jordan gave State a 3–0 lead with his 31-yard field goal, and Alabama responded with a one-yard Johnny Musso touchdown run that made the score 7–3. In the second quarter, the Bullpups scored on a pair of Steve Natale that made the halftime score 16–7. The first was from eight-yards to Jerry Harris and the second from nine-yards to John Male. After a scoreless third, Alabama won the game 20–16 after fourth-quarter touchdowns on a 55-yard Bubba Sawyer punt return and on a one-yard Musso run.
In their second game Vanderbilt took a 24–0 lead into the fourth quarter and Alabama went onto lose 24–14 at Nashville. Commodores touchdowns were scored by Dwight Blair on a two-yard run, a seven-yard Watson Brown pass to Gary Chesley and on a three-yard Brown run. Alabama scored their touchdowns in the fourth on a 49-yard Al Harvey interception return and on a 38-yard Bubba Sawyer touchdown reception. In their third game, the Baby Tide lost their second road game of the season at Ole Miss 15–13. Against the Rebels, Buddy Talley threw for both of Alabama's touchdowns. The first was from six-yards to David Bailey and the second from 16-yards to Robin Parkhouse, but a failed two-point conversion kept Alabama from tying the game.
Although Tennessee gained 419 yards of total offense in the game, Alabama defeated the Vols 28–21 at Denny Stadium. In the game, Johnny Musso starred for Alabama with a pair of touchdown runs from three and nine-yards as well as a touchdown reception on a 16-yard Terry Davis pass. In their final game of the season against Auburn, Alabama led 27–0 at halftime; however, Pat Sullivan led the Tigers to 36 unanswered points in the second half for a 36–27 Auburn victory at Tuscaloosa. Alabama's touchdowns were scored by Hal Dunbar on runs of five and eight-yards, a three-yard Dunbar pass to Steve Williams and on a 24-yard Tommy Stringfellow run. In the second half, Sullivan threw touchdown passes of 33-yards to Daryl Johnson, 36 and 72-yards to Terry Beasley and four-yards to Jere Colley. The Tigers final touchdown was scored by David Shelby on a one-yard run that made the final score 36–27.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20160561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160561" title="1969 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1969 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1969 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1969 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 75th overall and 36th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Bear Bryant, in his 12th year, and played their home games at Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished season with six wins and five losses (6–5 overall, 2–4 in the SEC) and with a loss against Colorado in the Liberty Bowl.
Alabama opened the season ranked No. 13 and defeated at Blacksburg and in the first regular season game played at Denny Stadium on AstroTurf. In their third game, the Crimson Tide defeated an Archie Manning led squad 33–32 in a record-breaking game before a nationally televised audience. Alabama then lost consecutive game for the first time during Bryant's tenure as head coach against and Tennessee.
After their loss to Tennessee, Alabama rebounded with victories at Clemson and at before they lost their third game of the season at . They rebounded the next week with a homecoming victory over but then lost to Auburn in the Iron Bowl. In the December that followed, Alabama lost 47–33 to Colorado in the Liberty Bowl.
The 1969 season marked the 100th anniversary of the start of college football, and as such Alabama commemorated the event by altering their helmet design. Instead of the player number, the helmet for the 1969 season featured the number "100" inside a football to commemorate the anniversary of the first college football game. 
Game notes.
Virginia Tech.
To open the 1968 season, Alabama defeated the Virginia Tech (also then known as VPI) Hokies 17–13 at Lane Stadium in a back-and-forth game between the teams. After VPI took an early 3–0 lead on a 19-yard Jack Simcsak field goal, Alabama responded later in the first with a 40-yard Richard Ciemny field goal that tied the game 3–3. Alabama then took a 10–3 lead on a one-yard Johnny Musso touchdown run in the second quarter. The Hokies were then able to tie the game 10–10 at halftime with a five-yard Al Kincaid touchdown run.
In the third quarter, George Ranager scored what was the game-winning touchdown on a 10-yard run and a 45-yard Simcsak field goal in the fourth provided for the final margin in the 17–13 Crimson Tide victory. The 42,000 in attendance was the largest crowd to date to witness a football game in the state of Virginia and required the addition of 7,000 temporary seats to accommodate demand. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Virginia Tech to 5–0.
Southern Miss.
After their close victory over Virginia Tech, Alabama dropped into the No. 15 position in the AP Poll prior to their game against Southern Miss. In their home opener, Alabama defeated the Golden Eagles 63–14 behind a ten point rally in the fourth quarter. Alabama took a 9–0 first quarter lead on a five-yard Scott Hunter touchdown pass to Pete Jilleba and a 25-yard Richard Ciemny field goal. After Frank Johnston cut the Crimson Tide lead to 9–7 with his one-yard touchdown run, Alabama scored 26 second quarter points that extended their lead to 35–7 at halftime. The four second-quarter touchdowns were scored on runs of 11-yards by George Ranager, one-yard by Hunter, six-yards by Johnny Musso and nine-yards by Bubba Sawyer.
Alabama opened the third quarter with a two-yard Musso touchdown run, and then Southern scored their other touchdown on a six-yard Danny Palmer pass to Billy Mikel that made the score 42–14. The Crimson Tide then closed the game with a pair of Neb Hayden touchdown runs from one and four-yards and by Benny Rippetoe on a four-yard run that made the final score 63–14.The game was the first played on an AstroTurf surface between Denny Field opponents as it was installed during the previous spring. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Southern Miss to 11–2–1.
Ole Miss.
After their blowout victory over Southern Miss, Alabama retained their No. 15 position in the AP Poll prior to their game at Ole Miss. Before a nationally televised, prime time audience, Alabama defeated the Rebels 33–32 in an offensive shootout that saw the offenses combined to set one NCAA and nine SEC records. After the teams traded first-quarter touchdown runs of one-yard by Johnny Musso and two-yards by Archie Manning, Alabama took a 14–7 halftime lead on a 17-yard Bubba Sawyer touchdown run. 
At the end of the third quarter, Alabama retained a 21–20 lead after the teams again traded touchdowns. The Rebels scored first on an 11-yard Manning pass to Floyd Franks, followed by a one-yard Musso run and a 17-yard Manning run. Both teams then traded fourth-quarter touchdowns with the Crimson Tide coming out on top 33–32. Ole Miss touchdowns were scored on a two-yard Manning pass to Riley Myers and a one-yard Manning run, and Alabama touchdowns were scored on a one-yard Scott Hunter run and 14-yard Hunter pass to George Ranager. 
Records set in this game included a new national record for passes completed between both teams with 55. Conference records set in the game by Rebels quarterback Archie Manning included most passing yards, attempts and completions in a single game by going 33 of 52 for 436 yards in addition to most total offense by a single player with 540 yards. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Ole Miss 21–4–2.
Vanderbilt.
After their victory over the Rebels, Alabama moved into the No. 13 position of the AP Poll prior to their game against Vanderbilt. At Nashville the Commodores upset Alabama 14–10 and ended a nine-game losing streak against the Crimson Tide. After Alabama took a 3–0 first quarter lead on a 19-yard Mike Dean field goal, Vanderbilt responded in the second quarter with a six-yard William Mathews touchdown pass to David Strong that gave them the halftime lead 7–3. The Crimson Tide retook the lead with a 19-yard George Ranager touchdown run, but the Commodores then scored the game-winning touchdown on a 10-yard Lester Brown pass to James Cunningham that made the final score 14–10. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 26–17–4.
Tennessee.
After their loss at Vanderbilt, Alabama dropped from the No. 13 to No. 20 position of the AP Poll prior to their game against Tennessee. Against Tennessee, the Volunteers took a 34–0 lead into the fourth quarter en route to a 41–14 victory at Legion Field. Tennessee took a commanding 21–0 first quarter lead with three touchdowns. The first was scored on a five-yard Bobby Scott pass to Gary Kreis, the second on a 71-yard Bobby Majors punt return and the third on a 27-yard Jackie Walker fumble return. George Hunt made the halftime score 24–0 with his 22-yard field goal in the second and extended it to 27–0 with his 31-yard field goal in the third.
After Scott brought the Volunteers' lead to 34–0 with his two-yard touchdown run in the fourth, Alabama scored their first points on a one-yard Johnny Musso run. The game then closed with a six-yard Richard Callaway run for Tennessee and a six-yard Musso run for a touchdown that made the final score 41–14. The loss was the first time Coach Bryant lost three consecutive games to the same opponent as Alabama's head coach. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 23–22–7. 
Clemson.
After their blowout loss at home against Tennessee, Alabama dropped from the No. 20 position out of the AP Poll altogether prior to their game at Clemson. At Memorial Stadium, the Crimson Tide ended their two-game losing steak with this 38–13 win over the Tigers of the Atlantic Coast Conference. Alabama managed to take a 28–0 lead late into the second quarter before Clemson scored their first points of the game. The Crimson Tide scored first-quarter touchdowns on runs of 36-yards by George Ranager and nine-yards by Johnny Musso, and they scored second-quarter touchdowns on receptions of 40-yards by Ranager from Neb Hayden and 20-yards by Bubba Sawyer from Scott Hunter. Clemson then made the halftime score 28–7 after John McMakin caught a five-yard touchdown pass from Tommy Kendrick.
After a scoreless third quarter, the Crimson Tide extended their lead to 38–7 on a one-yard Musso touchdown run and a 39-yard Oran Buck field goal. The Tigers then closed the game with a two-yard Ray Yauger touchdown run that made the final score 38–13. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Clemson to 10–3.
Mississippi State.
At Jackson, Alabama defeated the Mississippi State Bulldogs 23–19 in Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium. After Richard Ciemny gave the Crimson Tide an early 3–0 lead with his 30-yard field goal, Don Dudley gave State a 7–3 lead with his 16-yard touchdown run. Pete Jilleba then scored for Alabama on a three-yard run that made the score 10–7 in favor of the Crimson Tide that held through the fourth after scoreless second and third quarters.
In the fourth, both teams traded a pair of touchdowns with Alabama eventually winning the game 23–19. Crimson Tide touchdowns were scored on Johnny Musso runs of four and 25-yards and State touchdowns were scored on a six-yard Tommy Pharr run and a two-yard Pharr pass to Bob Young. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Mississippi State to 41–10–3.
LSU.
Playing at night before a sold-out Tiger Stadium, Alabama was defeated by the LSU Tigers 20–15. After a scoreless first quarter, field goals of 30-yards by Mark Lumpkin for LSU and 26-yards by Oran Buck for Alabama made the halftime score 3–3. LSU then took a 13–3 lead in the third quarter after a one-yard Allen Shorey touchdown run and a 25-yard Lumpkin field goal.
In the fourth, the teams traded touchdowns with the Tigers' ultimately winning 20–15. Fourth-quarter touchdowns were scored by LSU on a second one-yard Shorey run and by Alabama on Scott Hunter passes of 37-yards to Hunter Husband and 34-yards to David Bailey. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against LSU to 20–9–4.
Miami.
On homecoming in Tuscaloosa, Alabama defeated the Miami Hurricanes 42–6 and with their sixth victory of the season became bowl eligible. The Crimson Tide took a 7–0 lead in the first on a two-yard Scott Hunter touchdown run before they scored three in the second quarter. Alabama led 28–0 at halftime after a one-yard Johnny Musso touchdown run and Neb Hayden touchdown passes of 21-yards to Musso and 16-yards to George Ranager.
After Miami scored their only points of the game early in the third on an eight-yard Kelly Cochrane touchdown pass to Joe Schmidt that made the score 28–7. Alabama then closed the game with a three-yard Phil Chaffin touchdown run in the third and on an 18-yard Stephen Doran touchdown reception from Benny Rippetoe in the fourth that made the final score 42–6. The victory improved Alabama's all-time record against Miami to 7–2.
Auburn.
In their final regular season game, Alabama was defeated by the Auburn Tigers in the annual Iron Bowl game 49–26 at Legion Field. After Alabama took a 3–0 lead on a 32-yard Oran Buck field goal in the first quarter, Auburn went onto outscore the Crimson Tide 49 to 23 over the final three quarters of the game. In the second, Wallace Clark scored a pair of touchdowns on runs of one and three-yards for the Tigers and Hunter Husband scored for Alabama on a four-yard run that made the halftime score 14–10. 
In the third quarter, Auburn extended their lead to 28–10 on touchdown runs of four-yards by Pat Sullivan and one-yard by Mickey Zofko before George Ranager had a 100-yard kickoff return that made the score 28–17 as they entered the fourth quarter. After Buck connected on a 27-yard field goal early in the fourth for Alabama, Auburn scored three consecutive touchdowns that extended their lead to 49–20. These were scored by Zofko on a nine-yard run, by Clark on a three-yard run and by Connie Frederick on an 84-yard run. The Crimson Tide closed the game with a seven-yard Scott Hunter touchdown pass to David Bailey that made the final score 49–26. The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 18–15–1.
Colorado.
On November 17, Alabama accepted an invitation to play in the Liberty Bowl against an unnamed opponent at the time of its announcement. The next week, Colorado of the Big Eight Conference defeated Kansas State in their regular season finale and accepted an invitation to play the Crimson Tide at the Liberty Bowl.
Against the Buffaloes, Alabama lost 47–33 and completed the first five loss season during Bryant's tenure as head coach in the first all-time meeting between the schools. 
The Buffaloes took a 10–0 first quarter lead on a 13-yard Ward Walsh touchdown run and 30-yard Dave Haney field goal. After they extended their lead further to 17–0 on a three-yard Bobby Anderson touchdown run early in the second, Alabama responded with a pair of touchdown runs that cut the Colorado lead to 17–13. The first was on a 31-yard Scott Hunter run and the second on a six-yard George Ranager run. The teams then traded two more touchdowns on runs of 15-yards by Walsh for Colorado and two-yards by Johnny Musso before Steve Engel had 91-yard kickoff return that made the halftime score 31–19.
The Crimson Tide then rallied and took a 33–31 lead in the third quarter on a pair of Neb Hayden touchdown throws. The first was to Griff Langston from 51-yards and the second to Musso from ten-yards. Colorado then responded with a pair of unanswered touchdowns and a safety in the fourth quarter and won the game 47–33. Touchdowns were scored on Anderson runs of two and three-yards with a combined quarterback sack of Hayden for a safety by Bill Brundige and Herb Orvis providing the final margin.
NFL Draft.
Several players that were varsity lettermen from the 1969 squad were drafted into the National Football League (NFL) in the 1971 and 1972 drafts. These players included the following:
Freshman squad.
Prior to the 1972 college football season, NCAA rules prohibited freshmen from participating on the varsity team, and as such many schools fielded freshmen teams. The Alabama freshmen squad was led by coach Clem Gryska for the 1969 season and finished with a record of three wins and two losses (3–2). The Baby Tide opened their season with a 13–7 loss against Mississippi State at Scott Field. After Alabama took a 7–0 lead on a one-yard Steve Wade run in the second, Billy Baker threw for both of the State touchdowns. The first was from 39-yards to Emil Petro in the third and the second was from 56-yards to Lewis Grubbs in the fourth for the 13–7 victory. In their second game, the Alabama freshmen defeated Vanderbilt 12–8 at Denny Stadium. After a scoreless first, Butch Hobson gave Alabama a 7–0 halftime lead with his short touchdown run, and a pair of Randy Moore field goals in the second half accounted for the 12 Crimson points. The Commodores scored their only touchdown in the fourth quarter on a 44-yard Pete Power touchdown pass to Cliff Flemore.
In their third game, the Alabama freshmen defeated Ole Miss 13–6 at Denny Stadium. After a 30-yard Randy Moore field goal gave Alabama a 3–0 first quarter lead, Johnny Sharpless scored on an eight-yard touchdown run in the second for a 10–0 halftime lead. Moore connected on a 33-yard field goal in the third and then Ole Miss scored their only points in the final minute of the game on a one-yard Norris Weese touchdown run. After a 35–0 victory at Tennessee, the Baby Tide closed the season with a 17–9 loss to Auburn at Cliff Hare Stadium
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20160590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160590" title="Barbadian general election, 2013">
Barbadian general election, 2013

General elections were held in Barbados on 21 February 2013. They were the first post-independence elections where the election date was announced five years after the last general election. The result was a victory for the ruling Democratic Labour Party, which won 16 of the 30 seats in the House of Assembly.
Background.
According to the Constitution of Barbados, elections must take place no longer than every five years from the first sitting of Parliament. The last general election was held on 15 January 2008, while the first sitting of the current session of Parliament was held on 12 February 2008. After the dissolution of Parliament, the Governor-General of Barbados, on behalf of the Crown in Right of Barbados, must issue a writ for a general election for members to the House of Assembly and for appointment of Senators to the Senate within 90 days.
The election and nomination dates were announced by Prime Minister Freundel Stuart on 29 January 2013. The nomination deadline for candidates to register was scheduled for 6 February 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20160591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160591" title="Jersey Justice">
Jersey Justice

The Jersey Justice are an Independent Women's Tackle Football Team based in Carteret, New Jersey. The team was formed in 2008 with many former players and staff from the New Jersey Titans. Home games in 2011 are to be played on the campus of St. John Vianney High School in Holmdel, NJ. Prior to 2011 they played all Home games at Carteret High School. The Justice have elected to not finish the 2011 season after playing only 3 games and are defunct.
History.
The Justice were established in late 2008 and originally planning to be a member of the National Women's Football Association. Once the NWFA folded, however, the Justice began play in the spring 2009 season as a member of the Independent Women's Football League. In the team's inaugural season, they earned a spot in the league's Divisional Playoff Game, defeating the New England Intensity by a score of 30-7 and advanced to the league's Regional Championship Game (Tier II Semifinal), losing to the Montreal Blitz by a score of 9-8.
2010 proved to be an even better season record-wise, as the Justice finished 6-1. However, because of the IWFL's playoff method, the Justice were left out of the postseason (only two teams per division got to go, and the Justice finished third behind the Montreal Blitz and New England Intensity-coincidentally the same two teams they faced in the previous year's postseason).
For the 2011 season, the Justice will be playing as an Independent team.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 13 || 11 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20160602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160602" title="William Plain">
William Plain

William Plain (1868 – 14 October 1961) was a Scottish-born Australian politician.
Born in Scotland, where he was educated, he migrated to Australia in 1890, where he became a farm worker and goldminer at Lara, Victoria. In 1908, he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Geelong. He was also President of the Board of Land and Works and Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey in 1913, as well as Minister for Water Supply and Agriculture. He left the Labor Party in the wake of the 1916 split over conscription, joining the Nationalist Party.
In 1917, he left the Assembly to contest the Australian Senate as a Nationalist candidate for Victoria. He was defeated in 1922, but was re-elected in 1925; he was appointed early to the Senate after the death of Edward Russell. In 1931 he was re-elected as a United Australia Party Senator. He was defeated in 1937 and died in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="20160611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160611" title="Stowaway (2001 film)">
Stowaway (2001 film)

Stowaway (), alternatively known as "Snakeheads", is a 2001 Hong Kong action film based on the true story of a group of stowaways from Fuzhou illegally immigrating to the United Kingdom in 2000. In the incident, 58 illegal immigrants suffocated to death in an airtight truck of tomatoes at Dover, England on June 20, 2000.
Synopsis.
In June 2000, a group of Fuzhou people spend a fortune for various reasons to be smuggled to the United Kingdom. They are first sent to Quailin, before crossing the border to Vietnam. After waiting there for fake documents for flying to Moscow, they head to the Netherlands. They are unable to travel to Moscow as the people smugglers are detected. The plan is changed and all the illegal immigrants have to travel to Ukraine by car, then walk across the border to the Czech Republic through snowstorms. They are able to sneak into the Netherlands and hide in a truck to enter into the United Kingdom, but the airtight space in the truck results in the deaths of 58 people, leaving only 2 survivors.
Production.
Filming locations took place in Fuzhou, Vietnam, Moscow, Ukraine, and England.

</doc>
<doc id="20160614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160614" title="Tenth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas">
Tenth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas

The Tenth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas "(X Distrito Electoral Federal de Chiapas)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 12 such districts in the state of Chiapas.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
The Tenth District of Chiapas comprises the municipalities of
Ángel Albino Corzo, Cintalapa, Jiquipilas, La Concordia, Montecristo de Guerrero, Villa Corzo and Villaflores.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Villaflores.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the Tenth District was located in a different region of Chiapas, closer to the Guatemala border. It covered the municipalities of Ángel Albino Corzo,
Amatenango de la Frontera, Bejucal de Ocampo, Bella Vista, Chicomuselo, El Porvenir, La Grandeza, Mazapa de Madero, Motozintla and Siltepec.
The Tenth District of Chiapas was created in 1996. Between 1979 and 1996, Chiapas only had nine federal electoral districts. The Tenth District elected its first deputy, to the 57th Congress, in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20160639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160639" title="NCED">
NCED

NCED may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20160696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160696" title="This Is My Dream">
This Is My Dream

This Is My Dream is the third album by R&B group, Switch. It was released in 1980. This is also the only album during their tenure with Motown not to feature input from Jermaine Jackson; they produced this album themselves. It included the hit "Love Over And Over Again" which Bobby DeBarge wrote with his sister and future DeBarge member Bunny DeBarge.

</doc>
<doc id="20160701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160701" title="Eleventh Federal Electoral District of Chiapas">
Eleventh Federal Electoral District of Chiapas

The Eleventh Federal Electoral District of Chiapas "(XI Distrito Electoral Federal de Chiapas)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 12 such districts in the state of Chiapas.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
The Eleventh District of Chiapas is in the south of the state, covering a portion of the Soconusco region and the Mexico-Guatemala borderlands. It comprises the municipalities of Amatenango de la Frontera, Bejucal de Ocampo, Cacahoatán, El Porvenir, Huehuetán, Huixtla, La Grandeza, Mazapa de Madero, Mazatán, Motozintla, Siltepec, Tuzantán, Unión Juárez and the extreme north of the municipality of Tapachula.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Huixtla.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the Eleventh District covered only the municipalities of the southern Soconusco:
The Eleventh District of Chiapas was created in 1996. Between 1979 and 1996, Chiapas only had nine federal electoral districts. The Eleventh District elected its first deputy, to the 57th Congress, in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20160704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160704" title="Megaritual">
Megaritual

Megaritual is a record by Omar Rodríguez-López released by Willie Anderson Recordings. 
Megaritual is the fifth and final album in the series initiated and recorded by Omar Rodriguez Lopez in Amsterdam in 2005. Committed to tape in 2006 and mixed the following year, the album features nine instrumental tracks performed solely by Rodriguez-Lopez and his brother, Marcel Rodriguez-Lopez. Omar claims "Megaritual" was "an exercise to be closer to my brother." 
The first three tracks, and their titles, all flow together to form one 10-minute piece.

</doc>
<doc id="20160712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160712" title="DRBC">
DRBC

DRBC can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="20160723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160723" title="Despair (album)">
Despair (album)

Despair is the tenth solo record by The Mars Volta Guitarist/Composer Omar Rodríguez-López released by Willie Anderson Recordings. Prior to beginning the studio sessions for The Bedlam in Goliath, Rodriguez-Lopez recorded Despair, inspired by his experiences in and around Jerusalem and using material culled from field recordings and studio experimentation. This record was pressed on white vinyl.
Track listing.
Every track is named after a film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder, including Despair.

</doc>
<doc id="20160726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160726" title="Constituency Councils">
Constituency Councils

Constituency Councils are the most local statutory representative bodies today in Barbados.
The Constituency councils are somewhat similar to parish councils that existed in Barbados at one time, mainly to communicate local opinion to larger bodies in the central government.
They were founded in 2008 as part of various campaign promises made during the general elections held in Barbados.
The Constituency Councils are a return toward providing Barbadians with a form of local governance. In the 1960s local government councils were an official part of the Barbadian Government.
Initial startup funding for the councils was made by the People's Republic of China to the Prime Minister and the people of Barbados during a state visit made by the Barbadian head of Government to China.
Within each Constituency will be Constituency Empowerment Centres.

</doc>
<doc id="20160739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160739" title="USS Wanka (1901)">
USS Wanka (1901)

USS "Wanka" was a United States Navy motorboat probably in commission from ca. 1912 to ca. 1919.
"Wanka" was wooden motorboat believed to have been built about 1901. She is carried on the Navy Lists of the period from 1912 to 1919 under "miscellaneous craft." She served with the Louisiana Naval Militia before the United States entered World War I in 1917, and operated in the New Orleans, Louisiana, vicinity, probably for her entire career. She was dropped from the Navy List on 1 July 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="20160744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160744" title="Giuseppe Gibelli">
Giuseppe Gibelli

Giuseppe Gibelli (February 9, 1831 - September 16, 1898) was an Italian botanist and lichenologist who was a native of Santa Cristina e Bissone.
He originally studied medicine, earning his medical doctorate at the University of Pavia. Later he studied botany and microscopy in Germany. He became a professor of botany at the Universities of Modena (1874) and Bologna (1879), and from 1883 to 1898 was a professor of botany and director of the botanical garden at Turin.
Gibelli is remembered for his pioneer studies of mycorrhiza, the symbiotic association between fungus and plant roots. With Giovanni Passerini (1816-1893) and Vincenzo de Cesati (1806-1883), he was co-author of "Compendio della flora italiana", a compendium of Italian flora that was published in 35 volumes between 1868 and 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="20160745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160745" title="Buffalo Wings &amp; Rings">
Buffalo Wings &amp; Rings

Buffalo Wings & Rings is a Cincinnati-based sports restaurant franchise concept that offers signature Chicken wings, Burgers, Gyros, specialty salads and sandwiches. Since 1984, the concept has sought to blend the art of homemade sauces and fresh wings with a community-focused model.
It currently has 42 locations across California, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Nebraska, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota and Texas. There are also Buffalo Wings & Rings franchises in Jordan, Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates and Indonesia
History.
Established in 1984, the chain opened seven company-owned locations in and around Cincinnati during its early years. After 20 years of stagnant growth, the original investors were bought out in 2005 by a management team led by Philip Schram, Nader Masadeh and Haytham David, each of whom took a senior management role with the company. The new owners created a franchise model for Buffalo Wings & Rings, offering a uniform management system that could be easily replicated by new operators.
By 2008, Restaurant Business magazine had named the company number one on its Future 50 list of growing chains, citing its franchising opportunities not only in the U.S., but also overseas with an expansion that included franchises in Jordan and Kuwait.
In 2009 franchise veteran Roger David joined Buffalo Wings & Rings as president and CEO. During David's tenure the company has repositioned itself as a family-friendly sports restaurant. In 2011 Buffalo Wings & Rings introduced a new flagship restaurant design with the opening of a new franchise in Naperville, Ill., just west of Chicago. The prototype maintained the chain's existing sports theme and multiple television screens, while adjusting lighting and sound levels and updating decor to appeal to a wider audience.
The company's repositioning continued with an updated menu in 2012 that added several salads, wraps and lighter fare to the restaurant's core chicken wing and sandwich offerings.

</doc>
<doc id="20160747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160747" title="Reaching for Tomorrow">
Reaching for Tomorrow

Reaching for Tomorrow is the fourth album by Switch. It was the second album that they released in 1980. It was recorded at Motown's own studio and partly at James William Guercio's Caribou Ranch studio.

</doc>
<doc id="20160752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160752" title="M60 105mm Cartridge">
M60 105mm Cartridge

The M60 105mm howitzer cartridge was a U.S. artillery shell that carried a chemical agent, specifically one of the sulfur mustard agents.

</doc>
<doc id="20160776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160776" title="Dayton Diamonds">
Dayton Diamonds

The Dayton Diamonds are a charter member of the Women's Football Alliance which began play in 2008. Based in Dayton, Ohio, home games are played on the campus of Northmont High School in nearby Clayton.
In their inaugural season, the Diamonds competed in the National Women's Football Association.
The Diamonds have recently partnered with The Miami County Post, a news and information website based in Troy, Ohio to rebroadcast home and road games on a taped delay. Fans can watch on-demand at no cost at MiamiCountyPost.com.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 2 || 30 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20160783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160783" title="Twelfth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas">
Twelfth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas

The Twelfth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas "(XII Distrito Electoral Federal de Chiapas)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 12 such districts in the state of Chiapas.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
The Twelfth District of Chiapas is located in the extreme south of the state and comprises the municipalities of Frontera Hidalgo, Metapa, Suchiate, Tuxtla Chico and three-quarters of the municipality of Tapachula
(the northern quarter of that municipality is in the Eleventh District).
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Tapachula.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the Twelfth District had a different configuration: it covered Tapachula municipality in its entirety, together with Cacahoatán and Unión Juárez, in addition to those other that it still covers at present.
The Twelfth District of Chiapas was created in 1996. Between 1979 and 1996, Chiapas only had nine federal electoral districts. The Tenth to Twelfth Districts elected their first deputies, to the 57th Congress, in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20160792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160792" title="Fujisawa Loser">
Fujisawa Loser

Music video.
The music video for "Fujisawa Loser" was directed by Naoto Nakanishi. It received a nomination for best Conceptual Video at the 2009 SPACE SHOWER Music Video Awards. The highly conceptual PV explores the thoughts of a young musician who has just received a letter of employment once his job application is approved of. He now has to decide the path of his future and choose between two life choices: being a salaryman or being in a rock band. The decision is metaphorically portrayed as race in which the man is split into two personas–a salaryman and a guitar player–and races against himself to the goal at the end of the finish line.
The race is broken down into four stages, each of which contains unique obstacles for both contenders:

</doc>
<doc id="20160799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160799" title="Avellino (disambiguation)">
Avellino (disambiguation)

Avellino is a town and comune, capital of the province of Avellino in the Campania region of southern Italy.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20160826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160826" title="Moto Racer Advance">
Moto Racer Advance

Moto Racer Advance is a motocross racing game developed by Adeline Software International, produced by Delphine Software International and published by Ubisoft for the Game Boy Advance. It was released in PAL regions on October 4, 2002 and in North America on December 4, 2002. It is part of the "Moto Racer" series and was the last game to be developed by Adeline Software and also the last with any involvement from Delphine Software. 
"Moto Racer Advance" features several different modes, but much of it centers on a "Progression" mode, which requires the player to compete in races in a variety of environments. Multiplayer is supported through the link cable. "Moto Racer Advance" garnered positive reception from critics, noting its graphical quality and overall presentation as two of the main reasons for its success. IGN's Craig Harris called it one of the top racing games from 2002. As of 2009, "Moto Racer Advance" has received compilation scores of 86% and 83% on MetaCritic and GameRankings respectively.
Gameplay.
The player controls a motorcyclist and must try to win races on various terrain and settings. Each motorcycle in the game handles differently with some performing better on paved roads and others working better on rougher terrain.
There are a number of different modes: Grand Prix (GP), Motocross, and Traffic. GP takes place at a number of different locations across the world on paved tracks in places such as San Francisco and Russia. The paved tracks require the player to learn how to effectively use their brakes around corners. The GP courses contain small differences between them, giving more variety to the courses in the game. Motocross requires the player to drive on off-road terrain and to master the act of "powersliding" on corners. The courses found in Motocross races are less hospitable and often take place in arid and unkept locales and with obstacles. Traffic mixes both GP and Motocross, having mixed pavement courses and traffic on roads that serve as obstacles.
There are three different methods of gameplay: Championship, Progression, and Single Race. The single race mode must be earned through playing the progression mode. Progression is the game's "main mode" and places the player in a number of different tournaments and races in all three racing styles. It allows the player to earn hidden content, including new bikes which handle differently. The game contains link cable support for up to four players, provided that all four people own a copy of the game.
History.
"Moto Racer Advance" was first displayed at the 2002 Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3). IGN gave the game two awards for portable games after its E3 2002 coverage: "Best Graphics" and "Best Racing Game". IGN praised the early version of the game for its high draw distance and smooth frame rate. The game was built from the ground up to be a racing game for the Game Boy Advance and to take advantage of the hardware offered by the system. IGN previewed the game six months before it was made available for retail and called the graphics the game's highlight, while noting that tune-ups in the physics engine were needed before release. The game manipulated 2D sprites and backgrounds to give the impression of 3D to the player. By keeping the core graphics engine simple, the game was able to contain elongated draw distances and a smooth frame rate. It was released on October 4, 2002 in PAL regions, and on December 4, 2002 in North America. "Moto Racer Advance" was the last game to be developed by Adeline Software.
"Moto Racer Advance" garnered positive reaction from critics for its graphics and gameplay; it received 86% and 83% ratings on review aggregate websites Metacritic and Game Rankings, respectively. IGN's Craig Harris praised the smooth graphics engine of the game, noting that the designers had succeeded in creating a satisfying racing game for the Game Boy Advance. He called it one of the top racing games from 2002. "The Sydney Morning Herald"'s Dan Toose praised the game's "smooth, minimalist graphics", while GameSpy's Steve Steinberg noted that the physics of the game felt "dead-on" and enjoyed the overall presentation of the game. "GamePro"s Vicious Sid was surprised by the game's long draw distance, calling it a technical feat on the Game Boy Advance. The sound design from the game received a mixed response from critics. GameZone's Code Cowboy stated that the Motocross bikes sounded "like gravel in a blender-- being chopped up". IGN noted otherwise, saying that the sound stayed to the background and was mostly pleasant, while "The Sydney Morning Herald" praised the realistic sound the bikes created. The game received Editors' Choice Awards from GameSpy, "GamePro", and IGN.

</doc>
<doc id="20160836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160836" title="Nick Catania">
Nick Catania

Nicholas Mark "Nick" Catania (born 18 December 1945) is an Australian politician. Catania served as Mayor of the City of Vincent in inner-city Perth, Western Australia between 2001 and 2011. He was a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly for the Electoral district of Balcatta between 1989 and 1996.
Catania is currently a Director of Yilgarn Infrastructure, a company involved with the Oakajee Port project.
Catania was born in Castell'Umberto, Italy and is the father of National Party politician Vince Catania.

</doc>
<doc id="20160842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160842" title="Comando de Operações Táticas">
Comando de Operações Táticas

The Comando de Operações Táticas (Portuguese for "Command Of Tactical Operations"), mostly known by its acronym COT, was created after Brazilian parliament recommendations, in an attempt to have a specialized counter-terrorism force. It was placed in service in 1987.
The group is made up by Federal Agents of the Brazilian Federal Police Department, these agent are submitted to the Tactical Training Course, that lasts for 14 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20160851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160851" title="Carradine">
Carradine

Carradine is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20160867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160867" title="Gleaner E">
Gleaner E

The Gleaner E was a self propelled combine harvester manufactured by the Gleaner Manufacturing Company while part of the Allis-Chalmers Manufacturing Company in the 1960s. 17,300 machines were manufactured in total from 1962 to 1969.
These harvesters utilized a 36 hp (27 kW) 226 cubic inch (3.7 Litre) 4-cylinder gasoline powered internal combustion engine. 
In 1969 the Gleaner E was replaced by the Gleaner K which was nearly identical to the E III model but powered by a larger 250 cu in (4.1 Litre) General Motors 6-cylinder gasoline engine. An Allis Chalmers four cylinder diesel engine was offered as optional equipment on later K2 models after 1976. Gleaner K models were produced by Allis Chalmers until 1982 and remain popular (2013) with small scale farmers in the United States due to their simplicity, ease of maintenance, and their small size compared to modern harvesters. They are also also widely used by agricultural researchers to harvest small test plots because unlike larger harvesters they can easily be transported between plots on a flatbed trailer towed by a heavy duty pickup truck. 

</doc>
<doc id="20160871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160871" title="Rochford, Victoria">
Rochford, Victoria

Rochford is a small settlement and locality in the Macedon Ranges Shire, in Victoria, Australia, on the Lancefield-Woodend Road (now signposted as the Rochford Road).
The district once contained a number of public and religious buildings, all of which now appear to have been removed or demolished. These included a Public Hall, Anglican Church, Presbyterian Church, and tennis courts.
Rochford Post Office opened on 10 March 1863 and closed in 1965.
The red brick building of the former Rochford North School (State School 540) is still standing and is now a privately owned residence.

</doc>
<doc id="20160873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160873" title="Sand and Sorrow">
Sand and Sorrow

Sand And Sorrow: A New Documentary about Darfur is a 2007 American documentary film about the Darfur crisis that is narrated and co-executive produced by George Clooney. The film is directed by Paul Freedman and uses interviews and footage of human rights activist John Prendergast, Harvard professor Samantha Power and "New York Times" columnist Nicholas Kristof to depict the origins and the aftermath of the conflict between the Arab and non-Arab tribes in the Darfur region.

</doc>
<doc id="20160882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160882" title="First Federal Electoral District of Colima">
First Federal Electoral District of Colima

The First Federal Electoral District of Colima "(I Distrito Electoral Federal de Colima)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of two such districts in the state of Colima.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, the First District of Colima covers the municipalities in the north and east part of the state:
Colima, Comala, Coquimatlán, Cuauhtémoc, Ixtlahuacán and Villa de Álvarez.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the state capital, the city of Colima.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the district had the same composition as at present, with the exception of Ixtlahuacán, which belonged to the Second District

</doc>
<doc id="20160900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160900" title="Jonathan Taylor Grimes House">
Jonathan Taylor Grimes House

The Jonathan Taylor Grimes House is the oldest standing house in Edina, Minnesota, United States. It was built in 1869 and appears to have been influenced by Andrew Jackson Downing's book "The Architecture of Country Houses". The house is a 1½ story frame cottage with intersecting gable roofs, dormers, a bay window, and a shallow front porch. Gothic Revival details are found in the second-story windows, the steeply pitched roof lines, and the gabled wall dormers. Some Italianate influences are also present in the shallow portico and the wide eaves with scroll-cut brackets. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
The owner of the house, Jonathan Taylor Grimes, was an early settler in the Edina area and a pioneer horticulturist. Grimes was born in Leesburg, Virginia in 1818 and moved to Terre Haute, Indiana in 1840. He married Eliza Angeline Gordon in 1843. Eliza and Jonathan, along with three small children, moved to Saint Anthony in 1854. In 1859, Grimes and a partner, William Rheem, purchased in the southwest corner of what was then Richfield Township. This land included the Waterville Mill on Minnehaha Creek. The mill was later known as the Buckwater Mill, then the Browndale Mill, and finally the Edina Mill. Grimes later obtained a quit claim deed to north and east of the mill, where he built the house in 1869. In 1867, Grimes and Rheem sold the mill, and Grimes went on to become the first president of the Minnesota Horticultural Society. He conducted a variety of agricultural experiments, and he was responsible for introducing ginkgo and catalpa trees to Minnesota.
Eliza Grimes died in 1902, and her husband died in 1903. After his death, the farmstead was subdivided. It became the Morningside area, a streetcar suburb. Morningside seceded from Edina in 1920, then rejoined Edina in 1966. Grimes Avenue in Edina is named for him, and Alden Drive is named for his son.

</doc>
<doc id="20160920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160920" title="James John Skinner">
James John Skinner

James John Skinner (24 July 1923 – 21 October 2008) was an Irish-born Zambian politician and jurist. He was the first Minister of Justice of independent Zambia and the only White member of Zambia's first cabinet. Following his time as a Zambian jurist, Skinner moved to neighbouring Malawi, where he was Chief Justice from 1970 to 1985. His final judicial appointment was as a Social Security Commissioner in England from 1986 to 1996.
Family.
Skinner came from a family steeped in the law. His grandfather, James G Skinner, was a solicitor in Mitchelstown, County Cork. His father William “Bill” Skinner was also a solicitor and was appointed the county registrar for Tipperary. His uncle, Leo B Skinner, a solicitor, was also an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and was elected (1943 and 1944) to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork North constituency and was appointed a District Court judge in 1966. His cousin, Geraldine Skinner, a barrister, became the Legal Adviser in the Department of Foreign Affairs in Dublin and subsequently the Irish Ambassador in Luxembourg.
Early life.
Skinner was born in July 1923 in Clonmel, Republic of Ireland, to WJ Skinner, and Kathleen O'Donnell. He attended Clongowes Wood College prior to attending Trinity College, Dublin. Following studying at Trinity College, Skinner was called to the King's Inns 1946 and to the English Bar at Gray's Inn in 1950. He practiced in the Leinster Circuit from 1946 to 1951.
Emigration to Northern Rhodesia and entrance to politics.
In 1951, Skinner emigrated to Northern Rhodesia. He was called to the Bar of Northern Rhodesia in 1951. A defender of African rights, Skinner joined the mainly African United National Independence Party (UNIP) in 1960 and quickly became the party's legal advisor. Ostracized by most White residents of the colony, Skinner lost in his bid for a seat in the pre-independence parliament in the 1962 parliamentary election. Two years later in the first election following independence, he was elected to represent a constituency of Lusaka. He was appointed Queen's Counsel in Northern Rhodesia on 9 September 1964. In 1965, he was honoured with the Grand Commander of Order of Menelik II award from Ethiopia, recognizing his contributions to Zambia's independence. Skinner was the Attorney General of Zambia from independence until 1967, when he was appointed Justice Minister. In March 1969, he was appointed Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Zambia.
Resignation.
Skinner did not last long in his position as Chief Justice in Zambia. He resigned 6 months later in September 1969 following a clash with President Kenneth Kaunda over the sentencing of Portuguese soldiers from neighbouring Angola caught in Zambia. The soldiers were caught on the Zambian side of the Angolan-Zambian border and were arrested. A fellow expatriate jurist, Ifor Evan, concluded the original arrest of the soldiers was "trivial" and dismissed the charges. When appealed to Skinner, he sided with Evans. Kaunda, a long time friend of Skinner, attacked the White-dominated court for siding with the soldiers. Supporters of Kaunda stormed the Court building following the ruling, attacking the Whites inside. Kaunda quickly apologized, but Evan and Skinner fled the country, with Skinner going on "indefinite sick leave". A month later, he was replaced on the court by Brian Doyle, a fellow White Zambian.
Malawi, Judicial Appointment in England and return to Ireland.
Skinner became the Chief Justice of Malawi in 1970 under Hastings Banda, lasting in that position until 1985. In that year, Skinner returned to England where he was appointed a Social Security and Child Support Commissioner by the Lord Chancellor. The work involved the determination of complex appeals on points of law often by unrepresented and disadvantaged claimants. He was adept in giving written judgments which were clear in law but in simple language that could be understood by claimants. He retired at the statutory retirement age for judges (72) and spent his remaining years with his wife and five children. He died in October 2008 at the age of 85 and his ashes were finally buried in Clonmel in Ireland, the country of his birth, 
Quotations.
“I had not liked the social or racial atmosphere of the time and reacted against it.” 
“...such independence the judiciary implies freedom from interference by the Executive or Legislative with the exercise of the judicial function, but it does not mean that the judge is entitled to act in an arbitrary manner.” 
“The people must know that when they go to court they will receive justice, and that all citizens are equal before the Courts regardless of their tribe, race or political opinions.” 
“It would be a sad day for Zambia if legal representation were denied to any member of the community. Anyone in the state who tried to stop free or effective representation would be striking a blow against social progress and orderly society, for the law is the instrument which ensures the attainment of both.” 
“The constitution of the Republic provides that every person charged with a criminal offence shall be permitted to defend himself before the court in person, or at his own expense, by a legal representative of his own choice. The right which is guaranteed in our fundamental law has for a long time been recognized to be of great importance to the maintenance of the freedom of the individual in many countries having a similar jurisprudence to our own.” 
“…I never regarded the judiciary as a caste apart; its members must share the hopes and aspirations of the nation. However, this does not mean that judges should decide cases or impose sentences in such a way as to please public opinion or the Government. They must decide them in accordance with the facts before them and the law. It is only in this manner that an accused person can be guaranteed a fair and impartial trial before an unbiased judge free from the domination of public opinion….” 
“…It is one of the functions of the judiciary to criticize the actions of the Executive or its individual servants when the need arises. If that right is to be denied then the courts can no longer effectively carry out their duties.” 
”Confidence in the Judiciary is a delicate bloom in Africa and I am not going to risk destroying its growth in Zambia.” 

</doc>
<doc id="20160925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160925" title="Falcon Express">
Falcon Express

Falcon Express may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20160930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160930" title="Ravine (disambiguation)">
Ravine (disambiguation)

Ravine usually refers to a very small valley, which is often the product of streamcutting erosion.
Ravine may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20160947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160947" title="Alexander McMicken">
Alexander McMicken

Alexander McMicken (27 August 1837 - 30 July 1916) was the sixth Mayor of Winnipeg in 1883.
After moving to Winnipeg in 1871, he established a banking career and the following year established a bank in his own name. After serving in two city council terms, he became as Mayor following the 1882 election.
He once lived at the J.C. Falls House at Roslyn Road, designated today as a historic building. McMicken Street in Winnipeg is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20160949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160949" title="Phone tag">
Phone tag

Phone tag is a phenomenon in which two parties attempt to contact each other by telephone, but neither is able to get a hold of the other for a conversation. Both parties may leave a message on the answering machine or voicemail of the other, and request a call back. This continues for a period of time, often with the two parties exchanging attempts to have a real-time conversation. The name derives from the playground game tag, where players chase one another in turn.
Phone tag became common in the 1980s with the advent of messaging technologies and caller ID. It was seen as having advantages in that people can leave and receive messages at their convenience rather than having to find a common time with the other party to have a conversation.
With phone tag being possible, people have a choice of when they want to return calls they have received. They may also decide which calls they wish to return and which to not (similar to call screening). Many recipients of messages simply choose to not return certain calls.

</doc>
<doc id="20160958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160958" title="Second Federal Electoral District of Colima">
Second Federal Electoral District of Colima

The Second Federal Electoral District of Colima "(II Distrito Electoral Federal de Colima)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of two such districts in the state of Colima.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, the Second District of Colima covers the municipalities in the south and west part of the state: Armería, Manzanillo, Minatitlán and Tecomán.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Manzanillo.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the district had the same composition as at present, with the exception that it also covered Ixtlahuacán, which was transferred to the First District in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20160964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160964" title="The Last Days of the Late, Great State of California">
The Last Days of the Late, Great State of California

The Last Days of the Late, Great State of California is a novel by Curt Gentry, published in 1968 by G.P. Putnam's Sons. The novel incorporates an extensive essay on the history and culture of California from the vantage point of a future date when the state has disappeared.
Plot synopsis.
The novel describes, in retrospect, the history and culture of California, and its influence on the rest of the US, after an unspecified date in 1969, wherein the state suffers a Richter scale 9 earthquake and the populous coastal regions west of the San Andreas Fault sink into the Pacific Ocean. This is in accordance with a fictional prediction by the real life psychic Edgar Cayce. After this event, the Central Valley is inundated by the sea. The novel's epilogue lists what the world must now do without, due to this event, especially the large percentage of agricultural products that come from California. The bulk of the novel consists of the description of three regions: The north, The Central Valley, and the south. An account of the 1966 California governor's electoral campaign is central to the narrative.
Reception.
As a result of its publication, some religious believers in the Los Angeles region decided to move away, in fear of its fictional events actually occurring. The turmoil surrounding the book's publication became known as the "Great California Earthquake Scare".

</doc>
<doc id="20160979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20160979" title="T. Scott Marr">
T. Scott Marr

T. Scott Marr is a radio sports broadcaster from Omaha, Nebraska. Since 1997, T. Scott has been the official men’s basketball play-by-play announcer for the Creighton University Bluejay Basketball program in Omaha. His broadcasts are heard live on KXSP Big Sports 590 AM radio for all home and away basketball games.
T. Scott Marr also does the Creighton Women's Basketball and Volleyball, and other Catholic spots teams live on the Spirit Catholic Radio Network. He does the news and sports on the Spirit Mornings show on Spirit Catholic Radio. He works for the Spirit Catholic Radio Network on 102.7FM, 98.3FM Norfork, and 91.5FM Grand Island, Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="20161011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161011" title="Pavillon">
Pavillon

Pavillon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20161021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161021" title="USS Wannalancet (YTB-385)">
USS Wannalancet (YTB-385)

USS Wannalancet (YTB-385), projected as YT-385, later YTM-385, was a United States Navy harbor tug in commission from 1944 to 1946.
"Wannalancet" was launched as a harbor tug designated YT-385 on 12 January 1944 by Ira S. Bushey and Sons at Brooklyn, New York. Her class of tugs was reclassified as large harbor tugs and given "YTB" hull classifications before she was completed, and she was designated YTB-385 by the time she was completed in May 1944.
Assigned to Service Force, United States Pacific Fleet, soon thereafter, "Wannalancet" operated in support of the fleet during World War II.
"Wannalancet" was placed in reserve in March 1946 at San Diego, California. She was reclassified as a medium harbor tug and redesignated YTM-385 in February 1962 while in reserve.
"Wannalancet" was transferred, on loan, to Venezuela in January 1963. Renamed "Fabrio Gallipoli" (R-14), she served with the Venezuelan Navy until the late 1970s. She was slated for sale as of November 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20161044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161044" title="Mansfield Training School and Hospital">
Mansfield Training School and Hospital

Mansfield Training School and Hospital was a facility for the developmentally disabled located in Mansfield, Connecticut, and run by the state of Connecticut. It was active from 1860 to 1993. Its former campus in Mansfield is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
The caretaker's residence was featured on the SyFy channel's "Paranormal Witness" on September 28, 2011 as a location of alleged paranormal activity.
History.
The hospital opened in Lakeville in 1860 as the Connecticut School for Imbeciles at Lakeville. Its name was changed to the Connecticut Training School for the Feebleminded at Lakeville in 1915. Two years later, it merged with the Connecticut Colony for Epileptics (founded at Mansfield in 1910) and acquired its present name.
When it opened in 1917, the merged institution had 402 students in residence. By 1932, the resident population had grown to 1,070. During the Depression and World War II, demand for its services increased, resulting in both overcrowding and long waiting lists for new enrollments. Staffing levels increased during the 1960s as philosophies on treatment of developmental disabilities changed, and there were 1,609 residents and 875 full-time staff as of 1969. During the 1970s and 1980s many residents were relocated from dormitories to on-campus cottages or to group homes located around the state. By 1976 the resident population had dropped to 1,106, and by 1991 just 141 people remained as residents. 
In 1993, after numerous lawsuits concerning the conditions of the hospital, Mansfield Training School was closed and its patients sent to outpatient facilities and other institutions. After the closure, some dilapidated buildings were demolished. Other buildings were split between the Bergin Correctional Institution and the University of Connecticut.
Historic district.
The "Mansfield Training School and Hospital" was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The listed area was and included 53 contributing buildings and seven non-contributing buildings. The majority of the contributing buildings were institutional buildings built between 1914 and 1930, all designed by the same architectural firm. Architectural styles represented included Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals, Greek Revival, and Late Victorian architecture. Also, the district included a farm that was operated beginning in 1909. The farm supplied the institution with most of its food and provided occupational therapy for people with epilepsy, as farm labor was deemed to prevent epileptic seizures. Children housed in the
institution hand-molded the concrete blocks used to construct barns on the farm property.

</doc>
<doc id="20161053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161053" title="Pinnacle Plaza">
Pinnacle Plaza

Pinnacle Plaza is a shopping complex located in the Shunyi District of Beijing, China. It is located nearby to several housing complexes including River Garden, Yosemite, Capital Paradise and Eurovilla.
It is also located close to the International School of Beijing
Pinnacle Plaza is a popular shopping area for expats living in Beijing. Beijing United Family is a doctor's office located there. There is an amazing Starbucks. One can find ethnic restaurants from all over the world at pinnacle; such as the Hungry Horse, The Noodle serves Hong Kong style noodles, Mrs. fields, and Avocado Tree serves Chilpolte like food. Jenny Wang's is also located here; a popular grocery store that caters primarily to western expats. You can also find an amazing taylor to craft your clothing. I go there often to get my nails done at Lovely Nails. Pinnacle Plaza is also a popular place for expat kids to hang out; International School of Beijing is just down the street. And KK Pets is located here a great place to have your pet kenneled, find a pet, or you can visit the vet there. there is also a lovely flower shop and a DVD store. Kids Plus is a great place to take junior high kids or younger, they sell toys, costumes and stickers galor. Next to Kid's Plus is on of my favorite places to visit, Tammy's. At Tammy's one can buy furniture or have pictures framed. Cheers and ooo la la from Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="20161058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161058" title="Hassett">
Hassett

Hassett is an English surname which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20161067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161067" title="Bud Hollowell">
Bud Hollowell

Buddy Ryan Hollowell (born January 1, 1943) was a baseball catcher who is notable for multiple reasons. He won the 1963 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a junior at University of Southern California after hitting .350 in the Series, he participated in the 1964 Tokyo Olympics, he was a minor league baseball manager from 1970 to 1971 and he is an author.
He is one of seven players from University of Southern California to win the College World Series Most Outstanding Player award. The others are: Bill Thom, Bill Seinsoth, Russ McQueen, George Milke, Rod Boxberger and Wes Rachels.
He stood at 6'0" tall and he weighed 190 pounds.
He played for the Alaska Goldpanners of Fairbanks of the Alaska Baseball League in 1964, hitting .316 with 14 homer runs and 71 RBI for them and winning the team's MVP award.
He later coached for them in 1975, 1983 and 1997.
From 1965 to 1969 he played professionally in the Los Angeles Dodgers organization, although he never reached the majors. In 1965 he played for the Santa Barbara Dodgers and Pocatello Chiefs, hitting a combined .271 with 11 home runs. He played for Santa Barbara again in 1966, hitting .256 with 12 home runs. In 1967, he played for Santa Barbara once more, hitting .279 with 14 home runs and 68 RBI. He played for the Albuquerque Dodgers in 1968, hitting .270 with 11 home runs and 54 RBI. In 1969, his final professional season, he again played for Albuquerque, hitting .291 with three home runs and 21 RBI.
From 1970 to 1971, he served as the manager of the Ogden Dodgers. He led them to a second place finish in 1970 and a sixth place finish in 1971. 1970 was the first year that they were not league champions.
Since retiring from baseball, he has taught with the University of Phoenix, American Military University and been the Area Chair of Philosophy and Religion at the University of Florida. He holds a Ph.D., master of arts and bachelor of science in physical education, all of which he received from the University of Southern California. He is also co-founder of One World Insight, a nonprofit community organization dedicated to conscious aging for the purpose of becoming whole, not old.
He has authored one book, The Eternal Dance, which discusses religion and spirituality.

</doc>
<doc id="20161083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161083" title="Danbury Westerners">
Danbury Westerners

The Danbury Westerners are a collegiate summer baseball team based in Danbury, Connecticut. The team, a member of the New England Collegiate Baseball League, plays their home games at Rogers Park. The team played its inaugural season in 1995. The Danbury Westerners are the oldest active team in the NECBL.

</doc>
<doc id="20161103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161103" title="Wannalancet">
Wannalancet

Wannalancet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20161115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161115" title="Marietta City Schools (Georgia)">
Marietta City Schools (Georgia)

Marietta City Schools is the school district which operates the public schools in the Marietta, Georgia. It is the only city in Cobb County which operates its schools separate from the Cobb County School District.
Founded in 1892, classes began that year on Labor Day at four schools. It now consists of one high school, a middle school, and several neighborhood elementary schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20161116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161116" title="Louis-Étienne de Thouvenin">
Louis-Étienne de Thouvenin

Louis-Étienne de Thouvenin (1791–1882) was a French Army general. He invented the "Carabine à tige" ("Stem rifle", also "Pillar breech rifle"), based on a method by which muzzle-loading rifles could be easily and effectively loaded.

</doc>
<doc id="20161120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161120" title="Iranian Research Organization for Science and Technology">
Iranian Research Organization for Science and Technology

Iranian Research Organization for Science and Technology (IROST) is a comprehensive science policy research center directly attached to the Ministry of Science, Research and Technology of Iran which was approved and ratified by Revolutionary Council of Iran in 1980. IROST as the biggest research center in Iran, is chiefly engaged in development of strategies, policies, R&D systems, management, foresight and evaluation of related Science and Technology (S&T) development and S&T for economic progress.
IROST has made great advances in providing alternative sources of energy, namely solar energy, biodiesel from microalgae and bi-ethanol from agricultural waste. IROST has also made progress in pharmacological fields. 
IROST undertakes commissioned research with International Organizations such as,

</doc>
<doc id="20161123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161123" title="Ogoni languages">
Ogoni languages

The Ogoni languages, or Kegboid languages, are the five languages of the Ogoni people of Rivers State, Nigeria. 
They fall into two clusters, with a limited degree of mutual intelligibility between members of each cluster. However, the Ogoni think of them as separate languages.
The Eastern languages are Khana and Tẹẹ, with a quarter million or so speakers, and Gokana, with about half that number. The Western languages are Eleme, with about 70,000 speakers, and Baan, with about a tenth that number.

</doc>
<doc id="20161130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161130" title="Super Invader">
Super Invader

Super Invader may refer to:
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20161147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161147" title="Campus Co-operative Residence Incorporated">
Campus Co-operative Residence Incorporated

Campus Co-operative Residence Incorporated, often abbreviated to Campus Co-op or CCRI, is a non-profit student housing co-operative located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Founded in 1936, it is the oldest co-operative residence in Canada. The co-operative currently has five divisions, which are located in different areas of the city of Toronto - South Division on Spadina Avenue, North Division in the University of Toronto campus, Annex Division in The Annex, Toronto, Lowther Division on Lowther Avenue and Sussex Division on Sussex Avenue. These divisions contain several houses each, which are usually clustered together.

</doc>
<doc id="20161161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161161" title="Spin (Everybody's Doin' It)">
Spin (Everybody's Doin' It)

"Spin (Everybody's Doin' It)" is the first and only Australian release taken from Vanessa Amorosi's second studio album "Change". The single was released on 28 October 2002 and debuted at No. 34 on the ARIA singles chart. It remains only two weeks in the top fifty.

</doc>
<doc id="20161167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161167" title="Count It All Joy">
Count It All Joy

Count It All Joy is the ninth album from American gospel music artist Susie Luchsinger. It was released on May 3, 2005 on New Haven Records.
Awards.
The album was nominated for a Dove Award for Country Album of the Year at the 37th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20161173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161173" title="Pipa (disambiguation)">
Pipa (disambiguation)

The pipa is a plucked Chinese string instrument.
Pipa or PIPA may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20161180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161180" title="History of Chinese newspapers">
History of Chinese newspapers

Terminology.
Bao zhi ( means newspaper. In this context, bao means to announce, inform or report; zhi simply means paper.
News in ancient history.
The historic roots of Chinese language periodicals goes back to the Spring and Autumn Annals, and traces through more than a thousand years of tipao, including Kaiyuan Za Bao and the Peking Gazette. The Peking Gazette was published daily until 1912. As this publication was intended for government officials only, it is not considered a true newspaper. However, it was widely read by others.
The proper newspaper was introduced relatively late in the Far East, as a result of Western influence and the adoption of the printing press:
Newspapers of the last century including today's newspapers of the People's Republic of China, Chinese newspapers overseas, and earlier papers such as Shen Bao, Xin Wen Bao, Zi Lin Xi Hu Bao, also draw upon other influences in the history of newspapers.
News in modern times.
The first reference to privately published news sheets in China is in 1582 in Beijing, during the late Ming dynasty; "China Monthly Magazine", which published from 1815 to 1821, marked the beginning of Chinese journalism. It was managed by Robert Morrison, and was printed in Malacca using traditional woodblock printing. It was primarily a Christian missionary organ, although it did include some news.
China's first newspaper, the English-language "Canton Register", was established in 1827. This was followed in 1835 by the "Canton Press", another English-language newspaper. The Chinese-language "Eastern Western Magazine" was published from 1833 to 1838. This magazine included far more news than "China Monthly Magazine", and also commentary. The British Bible Society imported a cylinder printer in 1847, China's first powered printing machine. In the 1860s, William Gamble, working at American Presbyterian Mission Press in Shanghai, applied electrotype technology to the problem of Chinese typography to create "Meihua type." This revolutionary innovation remained an industry standard for the rest of the 19th century. Gamble's techniques were also adopted in Japan. "North China Daily News", an English-language paper, was published in Shanghai from 1850 to 1941. This was a weekly until 1864, when it began publishing daily. The paper published a Chinese-language edition, "Shanghai Xinbao", beginning in 1861.
Chinese-language missionary journalism restarted with "China Serial", published in Hong Kong from 1853 to 1856. "Wanguo Gongbao" (A Review of the Times), the most influential Chinese publication of the 19th century, was published from 1868 to 1907.
See also.
Newspapers of the People's Republic of China#History

</doc>
<doc id="20161193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161193" title="Geist Group">
Geist Group

Ghosts and Entities Investigations Group (GEIST) is an organization based in Santa Rosa, California, USA that serves primarily as paranormal investigators. It was founded in 2006 by Daniel Thompson, Daniel J. Butler, and Daniel Pfeifer. In 2007 the group began creating monthly podcasts, and showcasing findings on the popular website YouTube. 
Geist Group services Sonoma County and much of California as Ghost Hunters, investigating claims of paranormal activity as well as claims of cryptids.
Objective Research and Investigation Practices.
Geist primarily serves as paranormal investigators. They utilize an objective investigation process which includes the principle of occam's razor, using state of the art technology, and discrediting evidence which can be explained by other means; such as garbled EVPs (Electronic Voice Phenomenon) also known as "level 2" or "level 3" EVPs which generally require a considerable amount of post-processing, and the general rule of discarding "Orbs" and Orb-like images.
The teams main objective is to track, investigate, and apply scientific as well as logical reasoning to events thought to be paranormal or supernatural. When approaching any case or claim of activity, the team takes an objective stand-point to ensure that they are not finding so called evidence because they are searching for evidence, rather, they examine the events and either debunk and dismiss them, or accept and attempt to explain the activity. This is what the group refers to as "Neutral Minded". As the group states on their website: ""there are many things that go bump in the night that can easily be explained through everyday occurrences.""
Orbs.
The subject of the Orb is controversial for many paranormal investigators as dust, insects, or other particles can "bloom" with the introduction of flash-photography, resulting an "orb-like" picture. The Geist Group, on principle, does not consider Orbs as any indication of a paranormal happening, they believe it is too hard to differentiate between a manifestation and a speck of dust.
Geist Podcast.
The GEISTcast, or podcast, features a 15-20 minute discussion of previous events, happenings, takes calls, and discusses one subject a week, usually having to do with Paranormal events.
Geist TV.
The Geist Group has put out several ten minute clips of their various investigations, which includes locations local to Northern California. The shows generally consist of the background and reported happenings of the location, various instances or events of the investigation, evidence, and a wrap segment.
There have been six episodes or cases so far.
Equipment.
Geist primarily uses non-modified consumer or "prosumer" type devices, such as high-end camcorders, Digital Voice Recorders, and video capture devices. Modifications, as a rule, to equipment do not interfere or otherwise change the operation of the device and generally are only used to make operation of equipment easier, such as installing an on and off switch (for the KII EMF Meter, a common modification), or replacing bulbs with Infra-Red LEDs for increased night vision.
A short list of Equipment is found on the Geist Group website.
There have been talks of introducing equipment such as the "Ghost Box" or Spiricom, but due to how little is known about such devices, the evidence provided could be too controversial to count as proof of paranormal activity.

</doc>
<doc id="20161195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161195" title="Lanois">
Lanois

Lanois is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20161206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161206" title="Rishtey (season 2)">
Rishtey (season 2)

The following is an episode list for Season 2 of the Zee TV series, "Rishtey". This season of the television series broadcast 55 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20161216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161216" title="Luxa (disambiguation)">
Luxa (disambiguation)

Luxa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20161245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161245" title="Jean-Claude Gakosso">
Jean-Claude Gakosso

Jean-Claude Gakosso (born 25 July 1957) is a Congolese politician. He has served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Culture and the Arts since 2002.
Professional and political career.
Gakosso, an ethnic Mbochi, was born in Inkouélé, located in the Gamboma District of Plateaux Region, and studied at the Sorbonne in France. He was a lecturer on journalism at the Marien Ngouabi University in Brazzaville, and in 1995 he criticized a press law passed by the National Assembly, accusing the government of "working to restrict press freedom". After the June–October 1997 civil war, he was President Denis Sassou Nguesso's adviser on communication, posts, and telecommunications from 1997 to 2002.
On 18 August 2002, he was appointed to the government as Minister of Culture, Arts, and Tourism; he succeeded Mambou Aimée Gnali at the head of that ministry on 22 August.
In a ceremony at the Marien Ngouabi Mausoleum, Gakosso rekindled the eternal flame commemorating President Marien Ngouabi on 11 November 2002. The flame had been extinguished since the 1997 war. Speaking on the occasion, Gakosso said that he had prioritized the restoration of the flame when he took over as Minister of Culture because "it symbolizes the pain, resistance, self-sacrifice, and courage embodied by President Marien Ngouabi." At the time of the fifth Panafrican Music Festival in Brazzaville in July 2005, Gakosso was President of the Festival's Steering Committee.
While serving as Minister of Culture, Gakosso also served for a time as Interim Minister of Communication and Relations with Parliament, as well as Government Spokesman. His portfolio was reduced in scope on 3 March 2007, when he was appointed as Minister of Culture and the Arts. 
In the June 2007 parliamentary election, Gakosso stood as the Congolese Labour Party (PCT) candidate in the Ongogni constituency of Plateaux Region. He replaced Pierre Ngollo as the PCT candidate; although there were rumors of rivalry between the two, Gakosso and Ngollo appeared together when Gakosso announced his candidacy, and Ngollo instead stood as the PCT candidate in the Ouenzé I constituency of Brazzaville. Gakosso won his seat in the first round with 99.72% of the vote. Following the election, he retained his post as Minister of Culture and the Arts in the government appointed on 30 December 2007.
Prior to the July 2009 presidential election, Gakosso was Rapporteur of the National Initiative for Peace (INP), a political association promoting Sassou Nguesso's re-election while stressing the importance of peace.
In the July–August 2012 parliamentary election, Gakosso was again elected to the National Assembly as the PCT candidate in Ongogni; he won the seat in the first round of voting, receiving 95.26% of the vote. He was retained as Minister of Culture and the Arts in the government named after the election, on 25 September 2012.
Published work.
Gakosso's writings include "The New Congolese Press: From the Gulag to the Agora" ("La nouvelle presse congolaise : du goulag à l'agora"), published by L'Harmattan in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20161246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161246" title="The Cruncher">
The Cruncher

The Cruncher can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20161249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161249" title="Elizabeth Flint Wade">
Elizabeth Flint Wade

Elizabeth Flint Wade (1849-1915) was an early 20th-century American author, poet and pictorial photographer. She is best known for the photographs she exhibited with Rose Clark under their joint names, either as "Rose Clark and Elizabeth Flint Wade" or as "Misses Clark and Wade".
Life.
Wade was born in Cassville, New York, on 29 October 1849. Her parents were George Barnett Flint and Elizabeth Tracy Avery.
She married Frank Abernathy Wade (1836 or 1837-1906) on 24 November 1869 in Buffalo. They had one daughter, Blanche Elizabeth (1872-?), and two sons, Frank (1874-?) and Herman (1877-?). 
Wade’s interest in photography developed sometime before 1890. In 1893 she wrote an article called "Artistic Pictures, Suggestions on How to Make Them" in "American Amateur Photographer". In the late 1890s she was put in charge of "Harpers" magazine Round Table Camera Club, and in 1900 "Harpers Bazaar" began publishing a series of her articles on photography.
In 1906 Wade was listed in an article in "Photo-Era" as "among those in the professional ranks achieving success". Other women mentioned were Gertrude Käsebier, Eva Watson-Schütze and Jessie Tarbox Beals.
Wade was a respected writer and poet, and her stories and poems appeared in "Atlantic Monthly", "Collier's Weekly", "Black Cat", "Herald", "New York World" and "Everybody's".
She also frequently wrote about photography in magazine such as the "American Amateur Photographer", "Photo-Era", "Photographic Times", "Photo-American" and "Harpers Magazine". From 1910 to 1912 she was associate editor of "Photo-Era", and she critiqued many prints submitted by readers. 
Wade died in her home Norwalk, Connecticut in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="20161262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161262" title="Dev (actor)">
Dev (actor)

Dev () (born Deepak Adhikari on 25 December 1982) is a Bengali film "actor,producer,entertainer,singer". He made his acting debut in the 2006 film "Agnishapath". He is one of the biggest superstars and highest paid actors in Tollywood. He is also a co-founder and co-chairman of "Jalsha Movies Production".He is also the co owner of the Bangla Movie Channel "Jalsha Movies" along with the Star Group.He is the would husband of Subhasree Ganguly.
In addition to his films, he also endorses several brands, such as Vivel-ITC Limited, Royal Stag, Shricon TMT Bars, Bakefresh Biscuits, and the television channel Jalsha Movies. But later Dev himself owned the Jalsha Movies along with the Star Group.Recently Dev became the captain of the reality show Dance Bangla Dance, replacing "Mithun Chakraborty".
Biography.
Dev was born in Mahisha, a small village near Keshpur, to Guru and Mousumi Adhikari. He has a sister, Deepali. His nickname is Raju. He spent his childhood living with his maternal uncle in Chandrakona; after that, he was brought up in Mumbai. He attended Purushottam High School, in Bandra, and Bharatiya Vidyapeeth University, in Pune, receiving a Diploma in Computer engineering from the latter. After receiving his diploma, Dev returned to Mumbai and started his film career as an observer on the set of Abbas-Mustan's "". He also did an acting course at the Kishore Namit Kapoor Acting Academy. According to the article of India Times Dev is marrying Subhasree Ganguly a hot actress of Cinema of West Bengal.
Film career.
2005–2007.
His first role as actor was in the 2005 film "Agnishapath", directed by Prabir Nandi, opposite Rachana Banerjee. The film did not perform well at the box office and was declared a flop. By this point, the film "I Love You", directed by Ravi Kinnagi, was in development at Shree Venkatesh Films. Dev met with the producers and gained the male lead role.
Despite the financial success of "I Love You", Dev did not take on any other roles for about 14 months. He went to Mumbai, and, dedicated to improving himself, learned dance and trained under fight choreographer Aejaz Gulab (of "Shootout at Lokhandwala" and "Mission Istaanbul").
2008–2010.
Dev returned to acting in director Raj Chakraborty's action-romance "Challenge", opposite Subhashree Ganguly. The film was a huge hit in West Bengal, giving Dev a considerable popularity boost.
Dev did item songs like "Pante Tali," as special appearance in the film "Chirodini Tumi Je Amar", the track as well as the video were very successful. He also performed an additional item number in the film "Jackpot", directed by Kaushik Ganguly. The song was a remake of "Jibone ki Pabona," a track originally performed by Bengali actor Soumitra Chatterjee. As special appearance Dev also appeared in Ekti Tarar Khonje directed by Abhik Mukhopadhyay.
In December 2010, Indian romantic Bengali film Shedin Dekha Hoyechilo starring Dev and Srabanti Chatterjee released, directed by Sujit Mondol and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films. This is the second collaboration between Dev and Sujit Mondol. This movie was one of the biggest hits of 2010. The title track of the movie being shot at Switzerland is one of the best romantic songs of tollywood ever. The chemistry between Dev and Srabanti is so mellifluous that it added a new flavour which was tremendously appreciated by the audience and critics. The film had an item number by Samidh and Rishi "Khokababu jaye, Lal juto paye" which was the entry song for Dev in the movie. The song's choreographer Baba Yadav said, "Dev has done a great job. There's no doubt that he is an amazing dancer...What I like about Dev is the fact that he enjoys dancing. This shows in his movements." "Khokababu jaye, Lal juto paye" was the costliest song of Tollywood (costing nearly 50-60 million) until the release of Khokababu in January 2012, which contained the costlier item number, "Dance maare Khokababu".
In 2010, Dev received the STAR Ananda Shera notun Protibha Award, at the 2010 Shera Bangali Awards.
2011–present.
In June 2011, Dev starred alongside Koel Mallick in "Paglu", directed by Rajib Biswas. Produced by Surinder Films, this movie was the highest opener in Tollywood history before "Challenge 2" was released in October 2012. Paglu is highest in terms of earning T.R.P on Bengali television till date, having a T.R.P of 12.25, when it was telecast on Star Jalsha. It even left "3 Idiots" behind in the T.R.P. battle. As per Sree Venkatesh distribution head, Debasis Sarkar – "Paglu released in 166 theatres across Bengal in the first week. The second week has seen the number of theatres rising to 169. The movie is running in 17 theatres in Kolkata. The gross collections till Monday's (13 June) matinee show have crossed Rs 50 million." The film was a super entertainer. It was extremely well packaged, whether it is songs, drama and action. Paglu was such a hit in Bengal, that even Salman Khan's Ready was relegated to second or third place in the region. This film also introduced martial art in Bengali cinema and Dev as the first martial art hero. The director said – " Dev was superb with the action sequences. He did some martial art stunts and also learnt kickboxing for two months only for my movie. I was amazed with his dedication. Bengali films haven't ever seen such action sequences before. There is a train and a bike chase sequence that was shot by Zoyeb and Dev. I was literally scared when they were shooting this sequence without any body double. Hats off to their courage".
In November 2011, his movie Romeo, directed by Sujit Mondol and co-starring Subhashree Ganguly, was released and earned Dev commendations from all sections of audience and from critics. The movie also saw Dev-Subhashree, the most talked about jodi (pair) of Tollywood and that too after two years. In December, a biography of Dev entitled "Aami Dev", was released by Greymind Publications.
In January 2012, Dev starred in "Khokababu", the 2nd highest-grossing Tollywood film, once again opposite Subhashree Ganguly. The film directed by Shankar Aiyya and produced by Ashok Dhanuka Himanshu Dhanuka of Eskay Movies, is the longest running movie of 2012, remaining in theatre for more than 300 days. The film had an item number "Dance Maare Khokababu" which was the costliest song of Tollywood till Challenge 2 released in October 2012, whose title track "Challenge nibi na sala" broke the record to become the costliest song till now made in Tollywood.
In October 2012, Dev's film "Challenge 2" co–starring Pooja Bose was released in 270 theatres across India including West Bengal, Kolkata, Mumbai, Delhi, Bihar, Assam, Tripura, Madhya Pradesh and Chattisgarh. Directed by Raja Chanda and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films this is the most expensive movie made so far in Tollywood with a budget of . It broke many records in the Tollywood upon release by taking the largest nationwide opening, earning ( i.e. 80% of its Budget ) in 4 days. The record first week box office collection of Challenge 2 is breaking the previously first week record collection of Paglu (Paglu collected in its first week) by a huge gap. This movie is highest opener in history of Tollywood having over 95 percent occupancy rate in theatres of West Bengal & Kolkata and 60 percent occupancy rate in other states. Also this movie is highest grossing movie till now in tollywood overtaking "Khokababu" with big difference, thus becoming all-time blockbuster movie in Tollywood. After the release of Challenge 2, he became busy for his next consecutive three films shooting. Then in 14 June under the banner of Eskay Movies directed by Rajib Biswas the film Khoka 420 was released, which was starring Dev, Subhasree and Nusrat Jahan in lead roles. The film made a record of first day collection which broke all the previous records of first day collection until Jeetendra Madnani's Boss was released. Then Khoka 420 runs above 80 days which made it a blockbuster. After that, from September the new theatrical trailer of new film of Dev Rangbaaz was released. The film was starring Dev and Koel in lead roles. This film made a huge record in the box office. It broke all the previous records of all the movies. At first it broke the records of first day collection of Boss. Then it also broke down the grossing records of many huge films such as Challenge 2, Awara.But all this records goes to vein as another film of Dev Chander Pahar (Mountain of the moon) released on 25 December.This film also break down the records of Rangbaaz.This film just turned the whole career of Dev.For this film Dev become the most popular and biggest Legend Star of this decade.Chander Pahar also done a great business in all the states as it is released on 27 December and it is the first film to release in the whole USA,UK,Africa,Australia and etc.It collected by breaking the previous records.Then in just 27 Days Chander gathered a collecion of and it still running in USA and Africa.[https://www.facebook.com/officialchanderpahar].Now he is packed for the new 6 films named Buno Haansh,Mafia,Paglu 3,Rangbaaz 2,Khokababu 3 and Remake of Magadheera.
Other work.
Television.
In November 2011, as a special appearance in Raj Chakraborty's serial 'Sobinoy Nibedon' in Sananda TV, with a bevy of beauties wrapped around him, Dev showed his Romeo side, dancing to Ami Romeo, Khokababu jaye, Gal mitthi mitthi bol and Paglu thoda sa karle romance. "I wish Naina and Joydeep a very happy married life,” Dev later told t2.
Again in March 2012, Dev appeared in a holi special show 'Ronger Anandey' at Sananda TV.
In April 2010 and again in December 2011, he entered as a special guest in Mirakkel Akkel Challenger, an Indian Reality Show on Zee Bangla hosted by Mir Afsar Ali and directed by Subhankar Chattopadhyay. He also came as special guest in many shows such as Dadagiri Season 2, Season 4 etc. Dev became the main coach and judge of Dance Bangla Dance in the show's eighth season, replacing Mithun Chakraborty.[http://articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/2013-12-07/news-interviews/44903466_1_tolly-heartthrob-dev-dance-bangla-dance-small-screen]
Stage.
Dev has given many stage performances and has participated in several concerts. In 2007, he performed in the Bengal Film Journalists' Association(BFJA) awards 2007. In 2009, he performed in ETV bangla prathama in a Bengali TV channel ETV Bangla. He performed in a concert also, Mon Mane Na concert in 2009. Being a terrific dancer, he's also a brilliant stage performer. He also performed in many award functions as in Star Jalsha Entertaintment Awards 2009, Star Jalsha Entertaintment Awards 2010, Zee Banglar Gourav Samman 2011, Star Jalsha Entertaintment Awards 2011, Jaya Hey, Zee Bangalar Gourav Samman 2012.
Special appearances.
Dev has had special appearances in many films. In 2009, he made a cameo appearance in the item song "Pante tali" of Chirodini Tumi Je Amar directed by Raj Chakraborty and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films. The song was one of the leading chartbuster songs of the year.
In the same year he appeared in an additional item number "Jibone ki Pabona" in the film "Jackpot", directed by Kaushik Ganguly. The song was a cover of a track originally performed by Bengali actor Soumitra Chatterjee.
In 2010, he appeared as himself in Abhik Mukhopadhyay's Ekti Tarar Khonje.
In 2012, Dev made a cameo appearance in Bawali Unlimited, directed by Sujit Mondal.
Most Popular Pairs.
Dev-Koel.
and Mafia,Paglu 3,Rangbaaz 2 are coming soon.
Dev-Subhasree.
and Mafia,Khoka Chalu Cheez (Khokababu 3) are coming soon.

</doc>
<doc id="20161271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161271" title="Denzel Dowell">
Denzel Dowell

Denzel Dowell was an African-American resident of North Richmond, California where he was killed by an officer of the Martinez Sheriff's Department on April 1st, 1967. The event led to a street rally organized by the Black Panther Party for Self Defense. During the rally 15 armed members of the Black Panther Party held a street rally to protest against police brutality. This event helped to establish the Black Panthers in the national spotlight. 

</doc>
<doc id="20161276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161276" title="Doot (disambiguation)">
Doot (disambiguation)

Doot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20161287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161287" title="Asmara President's Office">
Asmara President's Office

The Asmara President's Office is the building, in Italian neoclassical style, where the President of Eritrea lives and rules the country. It has some resemblance with the White House of Washington, D.C..
History.
The former Italian government's palace was built in 1897 by Ferdinando Martini, the first Italian governor of Eritrea. The Italian government wanted to create in Asmara an impressive building, from where the Italian Governors could show the dedication of the Kingdom of Italy to the "colonia primogenita" (first daughter-colony) as was called Eritrea. 
During the Italian Empire the building was improved as the center of the "Governatorato dell'Eritrea" and was used as a temporary residence by the King of Italy / Emperor of Ethiopia Victor Emmanuel III. 
It was heavily damaged during World War II and converted into a National Museum by the Ethiopian authorities in the 1950s.
Today, it is the residence of the President of Eritrea, Isaias Afewerki.
Structure.
Governor Ferdinando Martini wanted a structure with colonnade in the entrance in neoclassical style, surrounded by a Park with lush vegetation. In his opinion the Building was going to be the biggest and most beautiful of Asmara, the newly declared Capital of the Italian colony in 1897.
The interior was decorated with Italian marble and furniture brought from Italy and France. The main hall was decorated with typical Renaissance stairs toward the projected second floor. The main doors were in special wood from Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="20161299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161299" title="Mexico–United Kingdom relations">
Mexico–United Kingdom relations

Mexico–United Kingdom relations refer to Interstate relations between the United Kingdom and Mexico. The United Kingdom was the first country in Europe to recognise Mexico's Independence. The relationship between the two nations began after the Pastry War, in which the United Kingdom aided Mexico against France. Also, relations improved when Mexico joined the British alongside with the Allies to fight the Japanese forces in the Pacific War and Mexico supported the United Kingdom during the Falklands War in 1982. Currently, Mexico has an embassy in London. The UK has an embassy in Mexico City and a consulate in Monterrey.
State visits.
Three Presidents of Mexico have paid state visits to the United Kingdom: Luis Echeverría in April 1973, Miguel de la Madrid in June 1985 and Felipe Calderón in March/April 2009.
HM Queen Elizabeth II paid a state visit to Mexico in February/March 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20161306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161306" title="Joe Delia">
Joe Delia

Joe Delia is an American composer associated with cinema and television. He is known for dark and atmospheric film scores and has composed scores for a wide range of film and television projects. His feature film credits include several directed by Abel Ferrara.
Biography.
The Bruthers.
Born in Brooklyn, Delia began his career as a teenager in the late sixties, playing piano and singing with his group The Bruthers, who signed to RCA Records and released the 1966 single "Bad Way to Go". Managed by promoter Sid Bernstein, The Bruthers went on to work as a backup band on tours with rock 'n' roll artists Stevie Wonder, The Crystals, Chuck Berry, Little Eva and the Isley Brothers. "Bad Way to Go" was included on the compilation album, "Pebbles, Volume 8". "Bad Way to Go", compiling The Bruthers' sole single and some unreleased studio recordings, was released Sundazed Records in 2003.
Studio work.
During the seventies, Delia studied composition, arranging, piano and bass viol. (Don Sebesky, Dave Carey, Eddie Gomez, Jimmy Garrison. ) He was later chosen for the position of Composer in Residence at Sarah Lawrence College for two years under the direction of Shirley Kaplan and June Ekert. He eventually made his way into the studio scene in New York City, playing keyboards and writing arrangements for such diverse artists as Dusty Springfield, Grace Slick, Janis Ian, Pat Benatar, Helen Schneider, The Left Banke, Cory Daye and Engelbert Humperdinck, as well as writing jingles and scoring many industrial films.
Film and television.
Among Delia's earliest experiences in the music business were co-writing and singing for The Muppets' first appearance on "The Ed Sullivan Show"., composing jingles for major advertising campaigns, and co-composing a children's musical titled "Lollapalooza" which was produced by Joseph Papp and Bernard Gertsen for the New York Shakespeare festival.
After scoring two low-budget features for director Abel Ferrara during the 1970s, the two teamed up on a third film, "Ms. 45" (1980). This working relationship continued for over twenty years, resulting in scores for most of Mr. Ferrara's body of work, including "China Girl", "King of New York", "Dangerous Game", "The Addiction", "The Funeral", "Subway Stories", and "The Blackout", on which Delia wrote the original score and collaborated on songs with rap artist Schoolly D. Delia appears as himself in "A Short Film About the Long Career of Abel Ferrara", (which is included the Artisan DVD release of "King of New York"). Delia wrote music for a 1985 episode of "Miami Vice," directed by Ferrara, in which Delia makes an uncredited appearance as a musician.
Other credits during the nineties include the HBO film "The Enemy Within"; and "Drunks", starring Richard Lewis and Faye Dunaway. He also scored the television series "Dellaventura", starring Danny Aiello, and scored the second season of the sci-fi series "War of the Worlds". He composed music for twenty-six episodes of the BBC children's show "Growing Up Wild/Madison's Adventures", was musical director for Richard Belzer's HBO and Showtime specials, and scored the Emmy Award-winning ten-part series "Lost Civilizations" for NBC/Time–Life.
Delia's later film scores include Jenniphr Goodman's comedy hit "The Tao of Steve", released by Sony Classics; "Fever", by Alex Winter; "Ricky 6", written and directed by Peter Filardi; "A Jersey Tale", by Michael Tolajian; "My Best Friend's Wife", by Doug Finelli; "Bitter Jester", produced by Richard Belzer; "Bridget", by Amos Kollek; the jazz segments for the PBS film "Partners of the Heart", by Bill Duke; and "" (a prequel to Brian De Palma's "Carlito's Way") directed by Michael Bregman and executive produced by Martin Bregman. He composed theme music for a season of "Pee Wee's Playhouse", while continuing to score feature films.
He composed for three seasons on the History Channel's most successful series "Digging for the Truth", and wrote the score for the Discovery Channel series "Weapon Masters".
Delia scored the PBS series "Nova", the BBC web series "Becoming Human", National Geographic Channel's "Pythons", and the PBS/National Geographic Channel joint productions ""Blue Holes", and "King Solomon's Mines".
Later bands and production work.
Delia toured internationally with rock singer David Johansen, in the 1980s, producing and co-writing his solo album "Sweet Revenge", and continued with the co-creation of the "Buster Poindexter Show". Over the next five years he served as musical director and piano player for the live show, and is credited as musical director and co-arranger of the self-titled "Buster Poindexter" album which yielded the hit song "Hot Hot Hot".
Partnering with Scandinavian singing star Kim Larsen in the early eighties, Delia produced and co-wrote two albums that topped the pop charts throughout Europe, including a 1981 number one single in France ("Donnez Moi du Feu"), sold out tours, and platinum albums in France, Sweden, Denmark and Norway.
In the early nineties, Delia produced a series of albums on BMG/Music Masters for jazz greats Stanley Turrentine, Freddie Hubbard, Jim Hall, Louis Bellson and his own album "Scene of the Crime", which he produced with Max Weinberg (of Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band).
In 2010, Joe Delia toured with his new band Thieves, featuring Steven Roues, Billy Roues, Klyph Black, James Benard and Pj Delia.

</doc>
<doc id="20161309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161309" title="Philadelphia Tea Party">
Philadelphia Tea Party

The Philadelphia Tea Party was an incident in October 16, 1773, two months before the more famous Boston Tea Party, in which a British tea ship was intercepted by American colonists and forced to return its cargo to Great Britain.
Background.
Both the Boston Tea Party and the Philadelphia incident were the result of Americans being upset about Great Britain's decision to tax the American colonies despite a lack of representation in Parliament. The tax on tea particularly angered the colonists, so they boycotted English tea for several years, during which time merchants in several colonial cities resorted to smuggling tea from The Netherlands. It was generally known that Philadelphia merchants were greater smugglers of tea than their Boston counterparts.
As a result, the East India Company appealed for financial relief to the British government, which passed the Tea Act on May 10, 1773. This Act of Parliament allowed the East India Company to sell tea to the colonies directly and without "payment of any customs or duties whatsoever" in England, instead paying the much lower American duty. The resulting tax break allowed East India to sell tea for half the old price and cheaper than the price of tea in Great Britain, enabling the firm to undercut prices offered by colonial merchants and smugglers.
The Tea Act infuriated colonials precisely because it was designed to lower the price of tea without officially repealing the tea tax of the Revenue Act of 1767. And colonial leaders thought the British were trying to use cheap tea to "overcome all the patriotism of an American," in the words of Benjamin Franklin.
Prelude.
Word was received in North America by September, 1773, that East India Company tea shipments were on their way. Philadelphians held a town meeting on October 16 at the Pennsylvania State House (now known as Independence Hall). This meeting was organized by Dr. Benjamin Rush, Colonel William Bradford, Thomas Mifflin, Dr. Thomas Cadwalader, and other local leaders and members of the Philadelphia Sons of Liberty. They adopted eight resolutions, one of which stated: "That the duty imposed by Parliament upon tea landed in America is a tax on the Americans, or levying contributions on them without their consent." The most important one read:
Printed in the "Pennsylvania Gazette", these declarations comprised the first public protest against the importation of taxed tea from England.
In Boston three weeks later, a town meeting at Faneuil Hall declared "That the sense of this town cannot be better expressed than in the words of certain judicious resolves, lately entered into by our worthy brethren, the citizens of Philadelphia." Indeed, Bostonians adopted the same resolutions that Philadelphians had promulgated earlier. The Boston Tea Party followed just a few weeks later, on December 16, 1773.
Event.
On December 25, the British tea ship "Polly" sailed up the Delaware River and reached Chester, Pennsylvania. Commanded by one Captain Ayres, the ship carried 697 chests of tea consigned to the Philadelphia Quaker firm of James & Drinker. Several Philadelphia gentlemen proceeded to intercept the "Polly" and escorted Ayres to the city. Two days later, there was a mass meeting of 8,000 Philadelphians in the State House yard to address the situation. This was the largest crowd assembled in the American colonies up to that point. A number of resolutions were adopted, the first one being "that the tea... shall not be landed." It was further determined that the tea should be refused and that the vessel should make its way down the Delaware River and out of the Delaware Bay as soon as possible.
Captain Ayres was probably influenced by a broadside issued by the self-constituted "Committee for Tarring and Feathering" that plainly warned him of his fate should he attempt to unload his ship's cargo. Dated November 27, the handbill read, in part:
The flyer also warned river pilots that they would receive the same treatment if they tried to bring in the "Polly". (Another such broadside specifically warning river pilots was later issued on December 7.) Consignees of the tea would also suffer dire consequences if they accepted shipment. Captain Ayres was ushered to the Arch Street Wharf and from there returned to his ship. He then refitted the "Polly" with food and water and sailed it back to Britain, still laden with its cargo of tea.
Perhaps due to the Quaker influence in Philadelphia, the "Philadelphia Tea Party" was relatively nonviolent and did not cause loss to any innocent merchants, since no tea was destroyed. In fact, local merchants may have even helped Captain Ayres with his expenses in returning to England.
Influence.
Restrained as it was compared to Boston's, the Philadelphia Tea Party was one of the incidents that led to the calling of the Continental Congress at Carpenters' Hall in Philadelphia the following September. Furthermore, in 1809, Dr. Benjamin Rush wrote to John Adams:
Both Pennsylvania and Philadelphia were regarded as having been far more conservative before and during the Revolutionary War than the New England colonies and most of the Southern colonies—and this historic reputation persists to this day. But the Philadelphia Tea Party highlights that the radicals of Philadelphia and Pennsylvania played a much more active role in the American Revolution than generally acknowledged.
Further reading.
Cummins, Joseph. "Ten Tea Parties: Patriotic Protests That History Forgot" (Quirk Books, 2012) ISBN 1594745609.

</doc>
<doc id="20161320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161320" title="India's Ancient Past">
India's Ancient Past

"India's Ancient Past" is a book by Professor Ram Sharan Sharma which details the history of early India. Beginning with a discussion on frameworks of the writing of history, the book sheds light on the origins and growth of civilisations, empires, and religions. It covers the geographical, ecological, and linguistic backgrounds, and looks at specific cultures of the Neolithic, Chalcolithic, and Vedic periods, as well as at the Harappan civilisation. The author discusses the rise of Jainism and Buddhism, Magadha and the beginning of territorial states. The period of Mauryas, Central Asian countries, Satvahanas, Guptas, and Harshavardhana are also analysed. He highlights important phenomena such as the varna system, urbanisation, commerce and trade, developments in science and philosophy, and cultural legacy. He also examines the process of transition from Ancient to Medieval India and addresses topical issues such as the origin of the Aryan culture.
It has been published by Oxford University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20161329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161329" title="Meep">
Meep

Meep may refer to:
Meep, as a synonym (as far as an undefinable word can have a synonym):
MEEP, as an acronym, may refer to:
Meep meep, as an onomatopoeia, is almost heterographic to, but not to be confused with Beep beep:

</doc>
<doc id="20161342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161342" title="Indian Feudalism (book)">
Indian Feudalism (book)

Indian Feudalism is a book by Indian professor Ram Sharan Sharma. The book analyses the practice of land grants, which became considerable in the Gupta period and widespread in the post-Gupta period. It shows how this led to the emergence of a class of landlords, endowed with fiscal and administrative rights superimposed upon a class of peasantry which was deprived of communal agrarian rights.
It was published by Macmillan Publishers India Ltd., 3rd Revised Edition, Delhi, 2005.
In his "Indian Feudalism" (1965), R.S. Sharma studied in detail the basic relationships in early medieval society down to the eve of the Ghorian conquests. He argued in favour of a "feudalism largely realising the surplus from peasants mainly in kind through superior rights in their land and through forced labour, which is not found on any considerable scale... after the Turkish conquest of India."

</doc>
<doc id="20161356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20161356" title="Bišče">
Bišče

Bišče is a settlement on the right bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
